390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 5,
3Tth Com...2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant and shop and tools
during the pleasure of the President, per fifth ar-
ticle treaty fourteenth February,eighteen hundred
and thirty-three, and fifth article treaty seventh
August,eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop during the pleasure
of the President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon maker during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations during
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty seventh
August eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per filth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen bundled and fifiy-
six, one thousand dollars.
For the sixth of seven additional installments
for two blacksmiths, assistants, shops and tools,
per thirtieth [thirteenth] article treaty twenty-
fourth March, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
and fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, one thousand six hundred
and eighty dollars.
For the sixth of seven additional installments
for iron and steel for shops, per thirteenth article
treaty twenty-fourth March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, and fifth article tieaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred andfifty-six, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For thirty-second of thirty-three installments
for education, per fourth article treaty fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth
article tieuty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty instalments for edu-
cation, per lourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
treaty seventh August,eighteen hundied and fifty-
six, thiee thousand dollars. !
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
JDelaioares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article to
supplemental treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and twemy-nme, to treaty of
third October,eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
hundred dohais,
Fo r interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apait by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
per lesolution ol the Senate nineteenth January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and fifth arti-
cle treaty sixth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand three hundred and four dol-
lars.
. Iov:as. '
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars, balance of one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand five hundred dollars,
to the first July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, at five per centum, for education or other
beneficial purposes, under the direction of the
President, per second article treaty nineteenth Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and
ninth article treaty seventeenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, per sec-
ond article treaty fourteenth January, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Kickapoos.
For ninth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on one hundred thousand dollars for ed-
ucation, per second article treaty eighteenth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand dol-
lars.
For ninth installment on two hundred thousand
dollars, to be paid in eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, per second article treaty eighteenth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine thousand
dollars.
Menmnonees.
For seventh of twelve installments for contin-
uing and keeping up a blacksmith shop, and pro-
viding the usual quantity of iron and steel, per
fourth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, and third article treaty
twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
nine hundred and sixteen dollars and sixty-six
cents.
For seventh of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty eighteenth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third arti-
cle treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for pay of
miller, per third article treaty twelfth May, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six huftdred dollars.
Miamies nf Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five per
centum, for educational purposes, per third arti-
cle treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments upon two hun-
dred thousand dollars,per third article treaty lilth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Miamies nf Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and
eighly-six cents, uninvested, at five per centum,
for Miami Indiansof Indiana, per Senate's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-
two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies, Eel Riser.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per fourth article treaty third August, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred'and five, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Nisqualltj, Puyalhcp, and other Tribes and Bands
of Indians.
For eighth installment, 111 part payment for re-
iinquishrnent of title to lands, to be, applied to
beneficial objects, perfourth article treaty twenty-
sixth December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
fifteen hundied dollars.
_ For eighth of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Omahas,
For the fifth of ten installments of this amount.
being second of the
series; m money or otherwise,
perfourth article treaty sixteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, thiity thousand dollars.
For^eighth of ten installments fur support of a
miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For eighth of ten installments for support of
blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for support of
farmer, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-foui, six hundred dol-
lars.
For keeping in repair thegrlstand saw mill pro-
vided for by the eighth article of the treaty of six-
teenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with tools, and
keeping the same in repair, per eighth article of
the treaty of sixteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum, being
the value of fifty-four sections of land set apart
second June, eighteen hundred and twenty-five,
for educational puiposes, per Senate resolution
nineteenth January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, three thousand four hundred and fifty-six
dollars.
Oltoes and Missourias.
For fifth of ten installments, being the second
series, in money or otherwise, per fourth article
treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for pay of miller,
per seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for blacksmith
and assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per sev-
enth article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-/our, nine hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For eighth of ten installments for farmer, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mill pro-
vided for by the seventh article of the treaty of
fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with teds, and
keeping the same in repair, per seventh article of
the treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollais.
Ottawas and Chlppewas of Michigan.
For seventh of ten equal annual installments
for educational purposes, to be expended under
the duection of the President, according to the
wishes of the Indians, so far as may he reason-
able and just, per second article of "the treaty of
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for the support
of four blacksmith shops, per second article of the
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For seventh of ten installments of principal,
payable annually for ten years, to he distributed
per capita, in the usual manner of paying annu-
ities, persecond article of the tieaty of thaty-first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thou-
sand dollars.
tor interest on two hundred and thirty-six
thousand dollars, unpaid port of the principal sum
of three hundred and six thousand dollars, for
one year, at five per centum per annum, to be dis-
tributed per capita, in the usual manner of paying
annuities, per second article of the treaty of thirty-
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eleven
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For seventh of ten equal annual installments on
thirty-five thousand dollars, in lieu of former
treaty stipulations, to be paid prr capita to the
Grand River Ottawas, per sccond article of the
