888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
take those promises to pay, and to treat them as
•substance. The way to recede from that danger-
ous proposition is before us.
The times are auspicious. One good reason
Urged in favor of that policy was that the people
were discouraged from the want of success in our
Army. We have now the encouragement of suc-
cess. Only let the moneyed men of the country
believe that the Government is to succeed in put-
ting down this rebellion, and we will not have to
plead for credit. It is not gold and silver that we
want. It is not things that are to be taken for
gold and silver that we want. It is credit; it is
confidence on the part of men who have money
to lend, and who can lend it to the Government
with the assurance that it will be returned to them.
That is all that is wanted. And now, in view of
the brilliant prospect before us of a speedy term-
ination of the rebellion, and in view of the im-
mense resources of the Government, in Heaven's
name, Ictus leave no national dishonor, to forever
remain a stain upon the country. We will do that,
if we do this great wrong. I appeal to the House,
in the name of honor and justice, to retrace the
step it has taken, and to save the Union from the
loss that will afflict it by the passage of this law.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from New York a question. How docs
my friend propose to reach the object which he
has stated? I understand that the Senate have
passed upon the bill of the House and returned it
to us with sundry amendments. The text of the
bill, therefore, is not now open to amendment.
Mr. D1VEN. That is not my understanding.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe if the legal tender
clause stands that the gentleman's argument will
be right; and if the House desires to get rid of the
legal tender clause they have only to sustain the
Senate in the specie clause which it has proposed
in regard to the public debt. So far as I am con-
cerned and those who act with me, I will say, if
the Senate amendment for the payment of coin be
adopted, that I propose to oft'er an amendment
doing away with the legal tender provision except
in the payment of taxes to the United States. We
do not want so incongruous a monster as this
would he, if the Senate amendment be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania says that he proposes to offer an
amendment. I contend that lie can oiler no
amendment that is not germane to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. Wait until the time comes,
and the gentleman will see that my amendment
will be in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that he propose to get
rid of this question to-day. I think that it is the
temper of the House to settle it to-ihiy one way
or the other. The country is looking- to this
House for action. There is not a member I think
who wilt not stay here until this question is dis-
posed of.
Mr. STEVENS. Several gentlemen were
obliged to leave the House unless the vote was
taken on this bill before four o'clock. I told them
that the vote could not be taken to-day, and they
have gone home with that understanding. I move
that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed tu.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mallory reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, accouling to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 2-10,
to authorize the issue of United States notes and
for the redemption or funding thereof and for
funding the floating debt of the United States,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that the
amendments of the Senate have not been brought
into the House.
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr, WASHBURNE. I trust, if the House is
willing to pass upon these amendments to-night,
that it will go back into the Committee of the
Whole oil the state of the Union. In order to test
the sense of the House, I move that the rules bo
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Let us go into committee, and report the amend-
ments of the Senate to the House.
A Member, That cannot be done. It is not
in order to report the bill to the House while
amendments are pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It can be done by unan-
imous consent, and that is what I propose.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mallory in the cliair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question before
the committee to be the amendments of the Senate
to the Treasury note bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the com-
mittee rise, in order that we may close general
debate upon these amendments of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mallory reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 240,
to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and for
funding the floating debt of the United States, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the rules
he suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 1 also move that general debate in the
committee be closed upon the amendments of the
Senate in five minutes after their consideration
shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
So the general debate in committee was ordered
to be closed within five minutes after the consid-
eration of the Senate amendments was resumed.
The question was then taken on the motion to
go into committee; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mallory in the chair.)
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following amend-
ment:
In tile nineteenth amendment of the Senate strike out tile
woida " procced^ of the ;-alo of the public lands."
I believe that it is the undeistanding we are to
have a separate vote on all of these amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is not in order to take
a vote on the gen tleman's amendment in the House
unless the committee adopt it.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Committee togive me
a vote on it now. I will not consume any time in
discussing it. If the amendment of the Senate be
adopted, 1 will only say, then it will defeat the
homestead bill. It is plain that to pledge the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the public land for the pay-
ment of this interest will be to defeat the passage
of the homestead bill. Not only that, but the set-
tlers are compelled to pay for their lands in gold.
Instead of giving them a homestead bill, you pro-
pose to increase the price of their lands. If the
Senate amendment passes, the result will be, when
the homestead bill comes up the argument will bo
made that every dollar has been pledged for the
payment of this interest. I want to see who they
are that arc willing to dodge a fair vote on the
homestead question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the gentle-
man from Minnesota want the committee to un-
derstand that the effect of the amendment of the
Senate will be to prevent the donation of lands to
settlers out and out, even if Congress chooses to
make them? I do not understand that that will
be its effect.
Mr. WINDOM. I understand if wcadopt this
Senate amendment that it will pledge the proceeds
of the sale of the public lands for the payment of
this interest.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Whatever the
pioceeds may be.
Mr. WINDOM. The friends of the homestead
bill know if that bill is passed that there will be j
no proceeds. '
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then there will
be none to apply.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments of the
Senate must be acted oil one by one.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the gentleman
motion until the Yote is taken 011 the pending
amendment of the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not object to that.
Mr. WICKLTFFE. Allow me to submit
whether this amendment is in order at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Minne-
sota.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
order. There are some eighteen or twenty amend-
ments made by the Senate to this bill. I believe
the ordinary way is to take them up in order as
they are numbered in the bill, and to act upon
them as we go along, one by one. I ask the Chair
to enforce the rule in that respect, and have the
amendments read according to their number, that
we may act upon them seriatim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and decides that the amendmentof
the gentleman from Minnesota is out of order now.
The Clerk will read the amendments in order.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. To carry out my sug-
gestion, requires unanimous consent. I suggest
that by unanimous consent the gentleman from
Minnesota be permitted to have a vote upon his
amendment, and that then, in order to save time
—as we will have a vote upon these amendments
in the House anyhow—we go into the House and
vote upon them without going through the cere-
mony of voting upon them in committee.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 object. The committee
cannot report the bill until they have voted upon
the Senate amendments.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments in order.
First amendment:
Linos three, four, and five, strike out the words: "To
nicer, the necessities of the Treasury of the United States,
aiul to provide a currency receivable lor the public dues."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
i Lines six and seven, strike out the words " and fifty ;"'so
that the clause will read: " $'100,000,000 of Unitfid States
notes."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Line nine, stiike out the words " at Washington or New
Yoik."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Regaining at line eleven, strike out the following proviso:
Provided, hoxoeccr, That $5O30OO5OOO of said notes shall
be in heu of the demand Tieasury notes authorized to be
issued by the act of JuJy 17,1861 ; which said demand notes
shall be taken up as rapidly as practicable, and the notes
herein provided for substituted fo  them: AndjrrovidedJur-
thcr, That the amount of the two kinds of notes together
shall at no time exceed the sum of $150,000,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Page 2, line nineteen, after the words "Herein author-
ized," mycit thn words " and the notes! authorized by the
act of July 17, 1861."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Immediately after the clause last quoted, strike out the
wouls, " and for all salaries, df-bt*, and demands owing by
the United States to individuals, corporations, and associ-
ations witlnn the United Status," and inseit "and of all
claims and demands agams-tthe United States of every kind
whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and notes,which
shall be paid in coin."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by inserting after the
word "notes"the words, "and the claims for pay
to the officers, poldiers, seamen, and marines en-
gaged in the military service oftheUnited States,"
and then I will follow it up by moving to insert
after the word^interest^in the next Senate amend-
ment, the words, <c and claims for pay of persons
engaged in the military service."
Mr. STEVENS. I wish the gentleman would
make the amendment a little broader. I had in-
tended to move a similar amendment, enlarging it
