19X0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
which this road is to run. There is a vast min-
eral field through which a portion of this road
runs. It is our duty to see that these lands by no
process get into the hands of private individuals
or corporations. . .
For further security to carry out the provisions
of the section, I propose that these lands, after they
shall ha-vebeen conveyed to the railroad company,
shall remain open, to be prospected upon by the
public, and if they shall be found to be mineral
lands they shall be thrown open to the public;but
whoever occupies them or holds a title to them
shall be allowed compensation for the injuries he
may sustain in consequence of their being thus
thrown open to the public.
Unless a provision of this kind is inserted in the
bill, I am afraid we shall be placing an impediment
in the way of the full development of the rich min-
eral field through which this road is to pass.
Mr. SARGENT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. It seems to mo that it is very injudicious
for a great many reasons, and for reasons which
the gentleman from Nevada ought to appreciate.
It has been the policy of the United States hereto-
fore to leave the local care of the mines of gold and
silver in the States and Territories to the people
of those States and Territories. Whenever that
system is changed I trust it will be by a carefully
considered bill, and that it will not be by patch-
work legislation.
The amendment of the gentleman proposes to
allow the public to enter upon the lands of any
man, whether they be mineral lands or not, and
prospect for gold and silver, and as compensation
proposes some loose method of payment for the
injuries inflicted. Now, sir, it may turn outthat
the man who thus commits the injuries may be
utterly insolvent, not able to pay a dollar, and
how is the owner of the property to be compen-
sated for tearing down his dwellings, rooting up
his orchards, and destroying his crops ?
I cannot think this committee will seriously
entertain such a proposition as thatof the gentle-
man from Nevada. The mineral lands through
which tliis road is to pass are already excepted
iu this bill from the lands to be granted to this
company. They will still belong to the Govern-
ment of the United States. This bill proposes
for the mineral lands affected by it the same pol-
icy that the Government has always pursued,
and whenever a change is to be made in that pol-
icy I want to be heard upon it more at length than
I can be in a five minutes' speech.
I hope for these reasons the committee will vole
down the amendment of the gentleman from Ne-
vada.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. Theie is an amend-
ment on the Clerk's desk which I sent up when
the third section was ponding, but which was
overlooked by the Chair. I ask that it may now
be considered.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee having
passed the third section, the gentleman's amend-
ment can only be considered by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must object.
Mr. LOVEJOY, I move to amend by striking
out from the fourteenth line of section five the
words "part or portion," and inserting "entire
.'line." As a part of the same amendment, I move
to strike out the word " so," in the fifteenth line,
and after the word " completed," to insert " in
: accordance with thisact;" so as to make the clause
of the section read:
And to sccure the repayment to the United States, as
hereinafter piovided, ot Hie amount oE said bonds so issued
find delivered to said company, the hsuc of taid bonds and
delivery to the company sdiail ipso facto constitute a
hen or mortgage on the entire hue of the railroad and tel-
egraph finished and completed in accoidance with this act,
and in consideration of which said bond's may be issued.
My object is to make a mortgage or lien upon
the whole road, instead of only the particular sec-
tion for which a particular sum of money is ad-
vanced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that the gentleman can offer but one amendment
at this time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I will offer the first one
indicated by me, to strike out the words " part or
portion," and insert u entire line."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now move, in the fifteenth
line, to strike out the word " so," and to insert in
the same line, after the word " completed," the
words " in accordance with the provisions of this
act."
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think a literal construc-
tion of the section as it stands would accomplish
the same object the gentleman from Illinois pro-
poses by his amendment. The gentleman's ob-
ject is to make a lien on the whole road as fast as
sections of it are finished.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir; my object is to
create a lien upon the entire line of the road.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend, in the seven th
line of the section, by striking out the word " six"
and inserting "five;" so that the clause will read:
That, for the purpose herein mentioned, the Secretary
'theTieasuryshall,upon the certificate in writingof paid
T
of the
commissioners of the completion of any torty consecutive
miles of said raihoad and telegiaph,in accordance with the
provisions of thus act, i^sue to said company bonds of the
United States of $1,000 each, payable in thirty years after
date, bearing five per cent, per annum interest.
Mr. Chairman, the rates of interest fixed in this
bill which the bonds of the United States arc to
bear is six per cent., and is greater than that which
has been fixed in other bills. I think five per cent,
is sufficient.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. There is no reason why, after
giving what we believe is barely sufficient to en-
able the company to build the road, we should not
make our bonds bear the same rate of interest
which is the established rate in the country—that
is, six per cent. They could not be negotiated at
par if the rate is fixed at less. I am disposed to
treat this company fairly, and I do not think it
will be treating them fairly if we fix the rate of
interest on the bonds we propose to give them at
less than six per cent.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman whether
the bills which have been heretofore reported pro-
vide for more than five per cent, interest?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Some of them have made
the rate of interest six per cent, and some five, but
I am certain the bonds cannot be negotiated for
par if the rate is less than six.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert in the ninth
line, after the word "annual," the words " which
interest may be paid in United States Treasury
notes, or any other money or currency which the
United States shall declare legal money or a legal
tender." My object in moving that amendment
is, that the payment of interest shall not be con-
fined to specie; but that it may be made in the
lezul currency of the country.
"Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move, in the twentieth line
of the fifth section, to strike out the words " such
portion or portions! of," and in lieu thereof to in-
sert the word " the;" so that it will read:
And on the lefusa! or failure of said company to redeem
said binds, or any part of them, when acquired so to do hy
the Secretary of the Treasuiy, m accordance withthc pio-
vlsions of this net, the said load, with all the lights, func-
tion?, immunities, and appurtenances theieunto belonging,
shall at once vest in the United States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move, in the same clause,
to insert the word "entire," before the word
"road," and after that word to insert "con-
structed under the provisions of this act."
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know but that this
amendment is offered in good faith by the gentle-
man from Illinois, but. it is certainly a departure
from what I deem to be correct and fair dealing
with these companies. The theoiy of this sub-
stitute is that we are going to employ cci'tain com-
panies, and to aid them in building a certain por-
tion of the road. We have allowed a mortgage
to ho held by the Government on those portions.
If there should he a default on the part-of any
portion of the road, then it is provided that that
portion should be forfeited to the United States.
But the road in California or Kansas may pay its
full share andaetupto all of its obligations, while
the central portion of this Pacific railroad may
not, or the central may do so and one of the others
may not. Additional legislation may be needed
hereafter, so as to compel the building of the road
in one or more of its links, though I think not.
We cannot expect to make an absolutely perfect
bill, one that will befree from all objections, when
there is so much difference of opinion. The
amendment would savagely provide for forfeiting
this entire road, in which millions of private cap-
ital would be invested, because the central portion,
or one ofthe ends, may have failed to pay its bonds
or some portion of them, notwithstanding the
other portions of the road may have promptly paid
their bonds and the Government have a mortgage
on the defaulting portion. I am not in favor of
forfeiting all of these roads because any one of
them may fail to pay its bonds. It is easy to find
out where the default is, and at once to provide
theremcdybythefurtherlegislation I liavespoken
of, and which is provided for in this bill.
I do not believe, Mr. Chairman, that it is right
to encourage separate companies to go on and build
these roads, and then to provide that if a single
link shall fail, then that and all the other links
which may have paid shall be forfeited to the Uni-
ted States, without chance for redemption or any
redress. I say that it is a monstrous proposition.
Because the amount is not paid over on one hun-
dred miles ofthe road, although it may have been
paid over on all of the rest, it is gravely proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois that in that case
we shall provide for the confiscation of the whole
road from the Missouri to the Pacific. I say that
the amendment is monstrous, and I do not think
that this committee ought to adopt it.
The CHAIRMAN. The first amendment
moved by the gentleman was adopted. If there be
no objection it will be considered as ponding, as
the two amendments relate to the same matter.
There was no objection.
Mr. LOVEJOY.' Mr. Chairman, I desire and
that is the purpose of my amendment to make the
entire line of the road responsible. The remarks
ofthe gentleman from California would lead one
to suppose that this measure has a disguised pur-
pose. The gentleman says that we are going to
entice the people to invest their money in these
roads, and then make them responsible for the
entire road. This bill, sir, proposes to entice the
United States to make a liberal appropriation for
the building of a succession of roads. Now we
may make an appropriation of so much a mile to
one company to build a road a certain distance
from the point of commencement of this Pacific
railroad. That is a profitable road, and the com-
pany will promptly pay all of its debts and meet
all of its obligations. But there aie other por-
tions which will not be paying portions of this
road, the receipts of which would not pay the cost
of running them. These portions this bill pro-
poses to give to the United States. Why, sir,
they are worthless, and as I have said they would
not pay the cost of runningthem. The roads run-
ning from three hundred to four hundred miles
fiom either end of the road can be run and make
a profit, and they will meet all of their obligations.
But the other portions ofthe road will break down,
and they will come to us asking for more money.
I am for making the whole line responsible. We
want, sir, a mortgage upon the whole line, and
that is the purpose of my amendment.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes 17, noes 49.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Michigan, and Lehman, were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 31, noes 41; no quo-
rum voting.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names;
Messrs.Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Bailv, Baker, Bax-
tei. Bcarnan, Samuel >5. Blair, Gcoriie H. Browne, Butn-
bai'n, c.wy. Ooiuvay, Corning. Covode, Otaveris,Cimen-
den, il.'ivi.-, Delaplairie, EihvauK, Ely, English, Fisher,
Foukc, Goocli, Goodwin. Hale, ilanciietl. Hickman, Hoop-
er, Horton, Jackson, Johnson, Kcllov, Knapp, Law, l.a~
zcar, l.osan, MeKean, Marston, May, Maynanl, Justin S.
Morull, Noell, Pendleton, Terry, John S, Phelps, I'omeroy,
worth, Washbume, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
and Wnght.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the Chair, Mr. CnibFiELD reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union had, according- to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Pacific railroad bill, and finding itself without
