2870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
use; and when his crew is finally paid off, he shall attend
in person, or appoint a proper officcr,io see that justice be
donii to the men, and to flie United States, in the settle-
ment of tho accounts. Any commanding officer offending
herein shall be punished at the discretion of a court-martial.
- Mr. GRIMES, i move to strike out the first
seven lines of the section in these words:
That each commanding officer shall, whenever a seaman
enters on boaid, cruise an aeemate <jntry to be made in the
ship's books of his name, time, and term of service; and,
before sailing, transmit to the Secretary of the Navy a com-
plete list or muster roil of the officers and men under his
command, with the date of their entering, time, and terms
of their sot vice annexed ; and shall.
And to insert in lieu of them:
That each commanding officer shall, whenever a man
enws on hoard, cause an accurate entry in the ship's
books of his, name, the date, place, and term of Ins enlist-
ment, the place or vessel from which he was received on
board, his rating, and his descriptive list, to include ins age
and placc of bath, with such lemaiks as maybe necessaiy ;
and shall, before sailing, transmit to the Seeietary of the
Navy a complete list or muster roll of the rated men under
his command, showing the pai ticularsabove set forth; and
also a list of the officers and passengers, with the date of
their entering; and he shall.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In lino nine I move to strike
out the word " second "and insert " third," so as
to require him to make out. on the first day of
every third month a list to be transmitted to the
Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. After the word " muster roll"
in line twelve, I move to insert:
lie shall not icceivc on boaid any man transferred from
any other vessel or station to hun. unless such man be fur-
nished with an account, signed by thoenptam and paymaster
of tlte ves&el or station from which he came, specifyniffthe
date of hi* entry, period, ami term of sei vice, the sums paid
and the balance due him, the quality in which he was lated,
and his dcsciiptivt: list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In line fifteen I move to strike
out the word " purser" and insert u paymaster."
Tin: PRESIDENT pro tempore. That verbal
amendment will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. In line twenty-four, after the
word " enlistment," I move to strike out14 and;"
and at the end of the line, after the word" service,"
to insert " and his descriptive list;" so as to read,
" specifying the date of his enlistment, the periods
and tetm of his service, and his descriptive list."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. In line twenty-six I move to
strike out the word " purser" and insert the word
" paymaster."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. In the same line, I move to
strike out " rules" and insert " articles of war."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. At the end of line thirty-two
I propose to insert the words " he shall frequently
consult with the surgeon m regard to the sanitary
condition of his crew, and shall use all proper
means to piescrve their health."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary lead section fifteen,as follows:
Sec. 15. Jlndbe it father enacted, That all officers not
holding commissions or wai rants, or who ate not entitled
to them, except such as aie tcuipoiauly appointed to the
duties of a commissioned or warrant officci, shall be deemed
petty officers, and *hnll be entitled to obedience in the ex-
ecution of tlicii offices trom those of mfenor laiings.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, in line four, after the
word "officer," to insert "and secretaries and
clerks."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section sixteen, as follows:
Sec. 16. Jind be it fmther enacted, Thatthe Secretary of
the Navy shall cause each commissioned or wairanted'of-
ficerof the Navy, oil his entry into the sei vice, to he fui-
mshed with a copy of the regulations and general order* of
the Department then in foiee, ,tnd theieafter with a copv
of all such as may be issued.
The Secretary read section seven teen, as follows:
bec. 17. J2nd he if further enacted, Thatthe act for tho
better government of the Navy, appioved the -23d d\y of
April, in the yeai 1800, m all articles and provisions theicof
winch are at variance with those oi this act, shall be, and I
is hereby, repealed. '
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike all that out
after the enacting clause, and insert:
That all provisions ot pievious laws which are incon-
oistenr with those of this act, shall be, and are hereby, re-
pealed. 5
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Before the bill is passed, I should
like to get the attention of the Senator from Iowa
in regard to it. I think this bill is a great improve-
ment, but I think it is exceedingly deficient in a
great many particulars; and I want to call his at-
tention to the third article on page 2. It provides
that—
The punishment of death, or such other punishment as a
couit-martial shall adjudge, may be inflicted on any person
in the naval seiviee: First, who shall make, or attempt to
make, or unite with any mutinous assembly, or knowing of
the samp, or of any intended mutiny, Minll not forthwith
communicate it to his superior or commanding officer, or
being witness to or present at any mutiny, shall not do his
utmost to suppress it.
I do not exactly see the grammatical construc-
tion of that sentence, but I should not get up to
call the attention of the Senate to it for that. But
the Senate perhaps do not know to what extent
this matter is carried. I will give them an instance
which occurred the other day on board one of our
national ships in the port of Baltimore. There
was an "acting lieutenant" on board who was
very oppressive in his conduct to some of the,other
officers, such as the surgeon and officers of that
character, so much so that they felt that service
on boaid the ship was intolerable under his con-
duct, and they sent a letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, informing the Secretary of this condition
of things, and that it was impossible for them to
serve there. What do you suppose they got for
it? They were threatened with a prosecution for
mutiny, and they found that they had committed
an offense punishable with death, because they
had in a respectful manner written to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, informing him that the bearing
of the officer that was over them, who was an act-
ing lieutenant, was so intolerable that they could
not live under it. I could not believe it when they
represented to mo that they were in such dan-
ger, and I went up to the Department and laid the
case before the Assistant Secietaiy, and he told
me it was even so; that when one of them was op-
pressed he had aright, undoubtedly, to lay his
case before the Secretary for ledress, but that if
two or three of them joined, if there had been two
or three oppressed in the same way, and they
joined in making a representation to the Secretary,
it was mutiny.
Mr. CLARK. I was saying to the Senator
from Iowa that I doubted whether you believe that
to be law. I certainly do not.
Mr, HALE. I do not know whether I believe
it or not; but I tell you, in the INTtivy that is law
which the captain says is law; and a man who is
at sea or in a ship is just as far beyond the pro-
tection of anything else except what his superior
officer has a mind to give him as he would be if
he was in the remotest island of the sea, and that
is the way that they administer it. I do not know
whether in this stage of the bill it can be amended;
but it is very certain that there ought to be a code
for the government of the Navy, and that these
crimes should be classified.
Again: by this very bill—I do notfind fault with
it, tor, as I said, I think it a very great improve-
ment—the same punishment is awarded to an
assault or attempt to assault th.it there is to fight-
ing a duel. Here is the clause:
Second, or shall disobey the lawful orders of his superior
officer, oi strike or assault, oi attempt or threaten to fetnke
or assault him, while m the execution of Die duties of his
office.
That is substantially the law now, and under
that law there is a citizen of my State in the peni-
tentiary because he threatened to assault a man
who insulted him. He had a little of the common
feeling of humanity about htm, and did not feel like
beingmsulted ad UhUum by a corporal,and he put
himself in an attitude of defense, for which he was [i
sent to the penitentiary for several years, I do not
know how long. These laws ought to be codified ;
ill some measure. Theie ought to be some pro- j
vision made by which attempting to strike or at-
tempting to assault his superior should not, in the j
discietion of a court-martial, be punished with ;
death, it the Senator from Iowa will consent, to j
allow this amendment to be adopted and then let
the bill he over until three or four o'clock tins
afternoon, it will suit me. 1
Mr. GRIMES. They cannot engross it i" the :
Senate then and have itaent to the Houseofltep- 1
resentntives ?o-monow. That is the trouble.
M.\ HALE. Some veiy important omend-
menis have been submitted for the first tune to- !
clay. If the course were taken which I propose,
I should like it.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall not interpose any ob-
jection in the way of any course that the Senator
sees fit to adopt. He is chairman of the commit-
tee, and has a right to make a suggestion which I
ought to follow, and I shall, if he desires that it
be postponed, agree to it; but I desire to say to the
Senator that we are now on the heel of the session,
and that to-morrow is set apart for naval business
in the House of Representatives. If we pass this
bill at ail, we have got to pass it to-day. The
clause to which he objects is in the law as it now
stands, only in still more sanguinary.terms than
this. The only effect of the bill which I have in-
troduced here and attempted to secure the passage
of is to ameliorate the punishments and limit the
power of the officers, and it tries to build up and
sustain the lower grades and the men in the ser-
vice. Now with that condition of things, if the
Senator desires that it shall be suspended, I shall
acquiesce. I only desire to say that although
these penalties are stringent, they are very seldom
enforced; but it is necessary that the power should
be lodged somewhere, because if there is any place
where there should be an arbitrary power lodged
in the hands of a discreet, prudent, judicious man,
it is on board one of your vessels of war which
has to contend not only against your human en-
emies but against the elements; and if you allow
one officer to disobey or to get up a mutiny or to
strike his superior officer, there is an end to dis-
cipline, an end to the Navy, and an end to the
public defense.
Mr. HALE. That is not my difficulty. The
difficulty is that they make mutiny out of a sim-
ple and honest assertion of a man's right. They
make a representation to the superior officer in
respectful terms mutiny, punishable with death.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg to say to the Senator
that that is nut the case here, and I think there
must be some mistake about the case to which he
alludes. I hardly think the Assistant Secretary of
the Navy agreed thatthe statement which the Sen-
ator made to him was mutiny.
Mi. HALE. He certainly did, if I am capable
of understanding language. He told me that if
this officer had made the written communication
himself it would have been well enough, but, it*
several of the officers that were in the same box,
subject to the same oppression, joined in the rep-
resentation, it was mutinous.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is some misap-
prehension m i egard to it somewhere.
Mr. HALE. I am glad the Senator docs think
so.
The bill was reported to theSenate,as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred m.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the Senator from Iowa to amend the sixth sec-
tion, on the 5th page, by inserting, after the word
"death," the words, for any offense for which
such peison may be convicted by any statute of
the United States, or at common law," putting it
on the same ground as is proposed by the Judi-
ciary Committee ofthe House of Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. If there is any man in the Sen-
ate who desires that the most complete protection
should be thrown around every man in the naval
service and in the military service, more than I
do, I have failed to see him; but it seems to me
that it is utterly impiacticable for us to carry out
the Senator's idea. In the first place, as has been
well said to me by a friend at my side, it would
require all the membeisof these courts-martial to
understand not only the common Jaw, but all the
statute law of all the States in the Union. Then,
in the next place, there may be committed.a very
grave offense not known to the common law, but
which would sti ike at all discipline and destroy a
ship, or a ship's crew, and which it would be ne-
cessary to punish. Then? is a bill, I understand,
coming to us, proposed by the Judiciary Commit-
tee of the House of Representatives, winch is in-
tended to apply to both the Army and Navy courts-
maitial. I sua'1 be content that the Navy shall be
included in that bill, wuh proper restrictions and
1 iini cations; and 1 trust that the oenatur fioni Mas-
sacliuse'ts will he content that we shall take that
bill, and let tins section stand an we have it.
Air. WILSON",of "VI isfMc h use Us. As stated
by tho tiun'tor f:om Iowa, the Commitu-e on tho
j udi' lary of the Hou>e of Ronjcsentutivea have
