1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2871
reported a bill as a substitute for the provision
which passed the Senate discharging persons from
the penitentiary, and forbidding the use of the
penitentiary for imprisoning soldiers. The Sen-
ator from Iowa says that when that bill is taken
up,we can make this correction*, I will not, there-
fore, press tlie amendment upon his bill. I with-
draw it.
Mr. HALE. In one of the sections which were
adopted on the motion of the Senator ftom Iowa,
J want to make an amendment,-which, if I can
have th?\f section, 1 can put in form. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend- |
ment having been concurred in, is not now open 1
to amendment, exempt by common consent.
Mi. HALE. I know it, and I ask unanimous
consent to have the amendment made. Where
the scction says thatthecompensation of the prize
counsel shall be thiee percent., I propose to make
it readho shall bo entitled to such compensa-
tion as the court shall adjudge reasonable, notex-
ceeding in any ease three per cent."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the amendment will be made.
The Chair hears no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the thiid time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 36G) for the organization of
Army corps, and of staifs attached to corps and
divisions of the Army of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by fry
title,-referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and oidered to be printed
Mr. POWELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, a&kcd and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 367) in relation to the duties of the heads
of the several Executive Departments; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE I'KOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had caused the omission to be supplied in
the engrossment of the? bill (hi. R. No. 47^) to
free ft orn servitude the slaves of certain rebels en-
gaged in or abetting the existing rebellion against
the Government of the United States.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 442) to establish a land dis-
trict in the Territory of Nevada, and for other pur-
poses, in winch it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States approved and signed,
on the 17th instant, the following acts and joint
resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 475) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to changc the names of cer-
tain vessels;
An act (H. II. No. 354) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Ulvsses S. Grant; and
A joint resolution (EI. Pv. No. 77) to change
the name of the bark Quebec to General Burn-
side.
On the 18th instant, he approved and signed the
following acts and joint resolution:
An act (H. II. No. 474) to direct the Secretaiy
of the Tieasury to issue American registers to
certain vessels;
An aot (H. R. No. 495) providing that the offi-
cers of volunteers shall be paid on the pay rolls of
the regiments or companies to which they belong;
An act (II. R. No. 499) making appropiunions
for postal service on post routes established at the
pivsont session of Congress; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. T2) trnnsterring
supervision of Potomac water works to the De-
paitment of the Interior.
On the 19th instant, lse approved and signed the
following:
An act (II. II. No. 374) to secure freedom to
oil poisons within the Territories of the United
States; and
An act (II. Pv. No. 449) for the relief of the suf-
ferers by i he burning of the Washington Infirm-
ary on the ni^ht of November 3, 1861.
And on the 20th instant, he approved and signed
the following;
An act (H. R. No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley
for his claim and improvements talcen from him
by the Omaha reservation, in the Territory of
Nebraska;
An act (II. R. No, 432) for the relief of Com-
modore Hiram Paulding; and
An act (H. R. No. 5U7) to change the port of
entry for the district of Biunswick, Georgia.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LATHAM. If there is nothing before the
Senate, I should like to be heard for alnomenton
a question in the nature of a personal explana-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent tho Senator may proceed.
Mr. LATHAM. On Friday hist, when the In-
dian appropriation bill was pending, i had occa-
sion to make some tart remarks, or remarks which
have been so considered, in relation to the con-
duct of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, as to
certain amendments which were pending on that
bill. Tins morning I received a letter from the
Commissioner, which I think, out of justice to
him, should be read to the Senate.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs, June 23, 1862.
Sir: My attention has been called ro&oiue lemaiks made
by you in the debate upon the report of the committee of
confcienee upon tin: Indian appiopriation bill, imported
in the Globe of 21*t instant.
You are reported as saying, " Whether he (the Secretary
of the Int'-iioi) appiovedoi disapproved of the amendment
a*5 it iv.is drawn, i do not know ; but the Commissioner of
Indian AOair? did, a* 1 said, wute the whole of it, and
th-n came before the Indian Committee, ami advocated it,
and altei waid^authoi ized one ot rri\ col I ensues in the other
House, who was a member of the committee of confer-
ence, to >ny to that committee that he repudiated it all. and
disappiovud of it."
In thet-G remaik^ gicnt injustice done to me, though I
proMjine not intentionaliv on your part, and I beg leave to
oiler a r-tatement of my action in repaid to tho amendment
pioposed b.v >ou, and which was the subject of jour re-
marks above u-fetred to.
When jou did mo the honoi to consult me about the
amendment, 1 oxptc^ed a decided concinrencu m \oui
view-. a-> to the neeotsityot a lotumci'meni ot tins expenses
of the Indian seiviee in California, and I &a\v then no ob-
jections to the details of the plan recommended byj'ou.
The amendment wat< not drawn bv mj>clf, but if may have
been written from youi MigjresUonss by a eleik in my office.
The general objects in view weie to lessen the nunibei
of employes, to dimim>h the Planes, and to coneentiato
tjio Indiana upon two l'^-ct \ ations. Of these objects I
fully appioved. and so stated to\ou and to the Indian Com-
mittee.
1 hart no persona! knowledge of the countty, and >eiy
indefinite nomination a-- to tin* numbei of Indians, and
could not therefoio fo: tn any definite opinion as to the ca-
pacity of the ptopo->ed reservations to accommodate the
Indiana.
My opn:«-ns upon this point weic mainly based upon
youi own Matenients, a-, I supposed that you was better
infoimed in legaid to the iac:s than f was. After the bill
had pasted tiie Senate, a membei of tho llnuse, ftom jour
State, called upon me and staled, anion-' othei objections
to vour piopositiou, that the number ui Indians in Uppei
Caliloiui.i was very indefinite]* known, that H wiu uncer-
tain whetbet they could he provided lor upon the re^eiva-
tioa piopused, and, geneially, that the change was too lad-
lcal to he made upon the inhumation bel'oie us. Hestated
tint beloie the next se-^xm of Congie-B ho would be able
to obioin defm-te tnfoonation upon theve points, and he
thought it would be better to let matteis remain as they
were until this mfoimation could b< obtained.
I ft.ited to him that as there seemed to be different opin-
ions upon the p.opiiety of the mea->uie among the delega-
tion or nth own State, it might be better to make no change
at t'ie pie^cnt {session, but obiam lull mfoimation upon
which definite action could be had at tho next session. I
spoke paiticulaiiv oi the necessity of t-ome change for the
better in ihe management of Indian aiT.ur^ in youi fcHato,
but that unless the delegation could nspeo, I would be con-
tent if theappiopriation-s estimated foi by me weie adopted.
I did not say that I " mpuduatcd it ail and disapproved oi
it.'"1 In tln> tho member hum j'out State has entuely mis-
understood r. e.
] am anxious to sec adopted some sjstem of retrench-
ment of the expenses ot the Indian s.eivice in California,
and I fully nppiove of the geneial objects and features ot
the amendments proposed by vou it jou aic conect m youi
statcmcins oi the facts upon which th'\v are ba^ed.
But when the -ummary of the information upon winch
you bat-ed vour action iva-i called in question. I thought it
might be prudent to withhold definite action until the next
se-sion, ia oidei to aifotd an op|)oiiumty to obtain &ueh
definite mfoimation as would remove all doubt
I have felt it due to you. as well as to myself, to make to
you this statement of ta'-t>.
Verj ie>peetfu|jv. vour obedient M-rvant,
WILLIAM I'.DOLE, Commissioner.
lion. M. S. Latiiam. United Slates Senate.
OATH OF OFFICE.
The PRESIDENTpio tempore. The special
order of the day being tiio bill (H. R. No. 371) to
piovidc an oath of oilice, and for other purpose*.,
is now before the Senate. The senator from Illi-
nois [Mr, Tiutmbull] moves an amendment to the
bill to insert after the word" service," in the sixth
line, the words "and for whom the form of the
oath ia not prescribed by the Constitution,'* The
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] moves to
amend the amendment by adding " and except-
ing the Vice President and Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress.,s
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have nothing further to
say in regard to that than was said the other day..
I believe the yeas and nays were called upon it.
The Senators who were present the other day will
recollect what the point is. I trust that the amend-
ment to the amendment will be voted down. I
think it will be time enough to decide, when men
are sent here who refuse to take an oath that they
have not been engaged in this rebellion, whether
wo shall admit them or not. It can do no harm
certainly to pass this law, and it is in accordance
with various laws as I showed on a former occa-
sion. I hope the amendment to the amendment
will be rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not intend to discuss
the matter; but it seems to me we ought to ad-
minister the same oath to the Vice President that
we do to the President, and so far as members of
Congiess are concerned, 1 suppose each House
must of course judge for itselfas to the qualifica-
tions of its members, and also have control of the
oath it administers. It seems fo me the main ob-
ject of the bill would be attained if the amendment
to the amendment were adopted, and the bill would
receive the unanimous sanction of the Senate.
As to those officers that are not created under the
Constitution itself, but by Congress, Congress
would have the power, undoubtedly to prescribe
the oath. I have some doubts of the propriety
of the two Houses of Congress prescribing what
each House shall do with its own members, when
the Constitution says expressly that each House
shall judge for itself.
Mr. CARLILE. My objection to this bill is,
that it includes offices, which, for the purpose of
distinction, I will call offices created by the Con-
stitution, as well as those that are created by the
laws enacted by Congress. Now, if you can pre-
scribe an additional oath to a Senator, requiring
some other additional qualification than that re-
quired by the Constitution of the United States,
you might as well provide by law that every Sen-
ator presenting himself as a representative from a
State of the Union shall swear that ho is thirty-
five years of oge. The Constitution says he shall
be thirty; and when he has attained that age, I
maintain that the Congress of the United States
has no right to require of a State that it shall send
here a representative who is thirty-five years of
ago, and shall not send one who is under thirty-
five but who is over thirty years of age. 1 refer
to this for the purpose of illustrating the view that
I desire to present to the Senate, of the utter want
of power in the Congress of the United States to
add to the qualiiications of any who come here
under the Constitution and by virtue of tho au-
thority of the States fo claim a seat on this floor.
Now, sir, when I inquired of the Senator from
Illinois the other day, when this bill was before
the Senate, if the Piesidtnt of the United States
was not engaged in the civil service of tho coun-
try, I understood him to deny ^proposition. I
maintain that the language of this bill includes
every officer from the President down. There is
no service in winch any man can be engaged under
the Government of the United Slates that is not
included within the description of civil, military,
or naval service. 1 will cheerfully support the
bill if it can be so amended as to limit the oaths
that are to be taken, and which the bill proposes
to prescribe, to all offic.cs created by law in con-
tindistinction to those created by the Constitution,
the qualifications of which are described by the
instrument and in the Constitution itself; and, if
it be in order, i will propose to amend
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not now
in order, an amendment to an amendment being
pending.
Mr. CARLILE. I will make one further re-
mark. I cannot for a moment suppose that the evil
which, it was said in debate, this bill, if it shall
become a law, is intended to remedy, can ever
take place in this country. Therecan be no resto-
ration of this Union, the States never will be rep-
resented in the Congress of the United States,
unless they aie represented by loyal men—men
