:-yi T
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
a quorum had caused the names of the absentees
to be noted, and had directed him to report the
same to the House.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee resumed its session, (Mr. Crisfield in
the chair.)
The question recurred on theamendmentof Mr.
Lovejoy, and it was disagreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 48, noes 55.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move, in the fifth
section, twenty-second line, before the word
"shall," to insert the following:
Also all lands granted to flic &aid company by the United
States, which, at the time of said default, shall remain in
the ownership of said company.
Mr. SARGENT. The committee have no ob-
jection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER. I move to insert the
words " together with all interest thereon which
shall have been paid by the United States;" so
that it will read:
And to secure the repayment to the United States, as
hereinafter piovided, of tne amount of said bonds so issued
and delivered to said company, together with all interest,
&c.
Mr. Chairman, that probably is the design of
the clause as it stands, and 1 have moved the
amendment only to prevent misapprehension.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to that part
of any load now constructed and forming a part of said
forty miles.
Mr. Chairman, I am solicitous that this bill
shall be so drafted as to accomplish the construc-
tion of this Pacific railroad; and I think that this
amendment will help to that end. In principle
and phraseology there is very little difference be-
tween my amendment and the one moved by my
colleague. I am aware that under the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania the ends
of the road have been cut off, a^id that it is only
to run from western Kansas to eastern California;
but I feel assured that it is the intention of the com-
mittee to make the road run from eastern Kansas
to the. Pacific, and therefore my amendment is a
proper one to be adopted.
What I am afraid of is this: that where there
are so many interests, so many companies, they
may strip off the gauze vail in which they are
now presented here; and after figuring and engi-
neering and managing, under the guise of build-
ing a great thoroughfare to the Pacific, they may
get possession, not only of the bill, but of the
bonds, and that when they shall have filled their
own pockets, they will be enabled to drop the
enterprise and accomplish what they desire, but
not what the nation desires. If this provision is
adopted, it can do no harm.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, there can be
no manner of objection to the amendment which
he offers, for I am very sure that there is not a
man upon the committee—and 1 do not believe a
man in this House—who would undertake to re-
ceive a double compensation from the Govern-
ment on parts of roads already constructed. Where
ever there is a road now built, or a part of a road
now built, which would come within the provis-
ion of this bill, and be incorporated into and form
a part of the Pacific Railroad Company, there is
no design to receive a bonus for that partalready
completed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not charge
that upon the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course not. I never sup-
posed, for a moment, that the gentleman intended
to impute such a thing to the committee, but I
want the gentleman to understand that the com-
mittee have the same view of the subject; and if
the gentleman's amendment is limited to those
parts of the road constructed, leaving the bill to
operate upon the part of the road to be constructed,
the committee have no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is clearly and
specifically so stated in the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am aware of several cases
where gentlemen voted under a misapprehension
m reference to one point on a former occasion,
thinking it was the substitute they were voting
upon; and for that reason I now propose to amend
the fifth section by inserting, after the word "said,"
in the twentieth line, the word "entire;" and by
striking out the words" with ail the rights, func-
tions, immunities, and appurtenances thereunto
belonging;" so that the clause shall read as fol-
lows:
And to secure the repayment to the United States, as
hereinafter piovided, of the amount of said bonds so issued
and delivered to said company, the issue of said bonds and
delivery to the company shall, ipso facto, constitute a first
lien or mortgage on the part or portion of the railroad and
telegraph so finished and completed, and in consideration
of which said bonds may bo issued ; and on the refusal or
failuie of said company to redeem said bonds, or any part
of them, when required so to do by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in accordance with the provisions of this act,
such portion or portions of said entire road shall at once
vest in the United States.
It does not seem to me possible that this House
will refuse to make the entire line of this road re-
sponsible, allowing a section of it responsible and
leaving a portion of it to refund to the United
States.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 rise to a point of order. I
believe that is the same amendment wo have
already voted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. So far as I am
concerned, I am not opposed, and I presume no
friend of this bill is opposed, to having the liabil-
ities rest upon the whole line of the road built by
any one company. It is in contemplation, it is
true, that theie shall be two companies, and there
ought to be, in order to facilitate the construction
of this road. If the gentleman's amendment shall
be so worded that it shall apply to only that por-
tion of the road, and the whole portion of the road
constructed by any single company, or by the
main line of the road, I shall be m favor of it. If,
however, the indebtedness of one company is to
apply to another, I think the committee very prop-
erly decided before that it should not be done.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We were told by a gentle-
man upon my left a few moments ago, that the
provision applied to only one company; this one
section, if i understood him, which was from the
western line of Kansas to the eastern line of Cal-
ifornia. If that is true, this only binds one com-
pany, and makes it a unit, and responsible for its
obligations.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Lovejoy,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sheffield
and Blair, of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 63.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend the fifth
section, by striking out of the fourth line the words
" any forty," and inserting " fifty;" so that the
clause will read, " any fifty consecutive miles,"
&c. If the amendment is adopted, the company
will be required to complete fifty consecutive miles
before they can draw these bonds, instead ofcom-
pleting any forty miles, away out on the plains,
perhaps, where it can be done for $10,000 per
mile. If the amendment is adopted, I understand
that the company will bo compelled to commence
at some point and complete the road right straight
along. Forty miles of road alone, away out on
the plains, would be of no use.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman is in error
in supposing that his amendment will change any-
thing in the bill beyond the mere extension of this
section ten miles. It does not make any differ-
ence whatever about the company building the
road out upon the plains, because the bill as it is
says "any forty consecutive miles," and the
amendment says " any fifty consecutive miles, "so
that it merely becomes a question whether it shall
be forty or fifty miles. Under the bill as it stands
they are required to complete forty miles before
they can draw a dollar of bonds. The committee
supposed that forty miles was about a fair dis-
tance. Forty miles will cost a heavy sum of
money, and the committee thought that to compel
the company to complete forty miles would be
better than to compel them to complete two hun-
dred miles, or fifty miles; therefore they put it
forty miles. The gentleman is in error, because
he only changes the distance from forty to fifty
miles.
Mr. ALDRICH. The bill now reads, "any
forty consecutive miles, "while my amendment is
not what the gentleman supposes, but it will leave
the clause to read, " the completion of fifty con-
secutive miles."
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will modify
his amendment, so that it shall read, " the com-
pletion of forty consecutive miles," striking out
simply the word " any," I will not object.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 will modify my amendment
in that way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. It will be observed,
by reference to the section, that there is no pro-
vision in reference to the payment of the current
interest. I therefore move to amend by adding
to the section the following:
It is decfaied to be the true intent and meaning of this
section that the current interest on said bonds shall be
chargeable to said company, to be by them reimbursed to the
United States withm one month after each semi-annual
payment thereof by the United States; and a default therein
shall subject the said company to the same liability and for-
feiture above provided for in case of the non-redemption of
the bonds at their maturity.
The section, as it now stands, does not make
any provision for the payment of the current in-
terest as it accrues semi-annually. It may or
may not have been the intention of the committee
that the interest should be paid by the company.
Probably it was; butif-not, then this amendment,
of course, will involve a principle which the com-
mittee have notsanctioned. If it was the intention
of the committee,anditistheintentionof theCom-
mittce of the Whole, that the railroad company
shall pay the current interest, then, to avoid the
difficulty and uncertainty which creditors will
have, and to insure its prompt payment by the
United States, this amendment provides that the
Government shall first pay it, and the company
reimburse it to the United States within one month.
Of course, it will be a little gain to the company, to
the extent of the interest upon the interest. This
is the only way the interest can be promptly se-
cured to the creditors.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose, of course, that
the gentleman from Indiana is acting in perfect
good faith; but I am clcarly of opinion that the
gentleman has not studied faithfully the provis-
ions of this bill. It lias been demonstrated to this
House that the cost to the Government of trans-
portation to our forts in the Territories is more
than double the amount of the entire interest upon
all the bonds proposed to be issued; and the bill
is based upon the supposition that the transporta- *
tion of Government supplies over the road will be
equal to, if not greatly exceed, the annual interest
upon the bonds issued from year to year. It is the
intention of the bill that the interest shall be paid
semi-annually to the Government. It is not sup-
posed that, in the first instance, the company will
reimburse the interest to the Government. It will
reimburse it in transportation; but if the transpor-
tation does not meet the interest, then the Gov-
ernment is to have a mortgage on the entire road
for the full amount of principal and interest. I
hope, therefore, that the amendmentwill be voted
down.
Mr. White's amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the words "at reasonable rates of compensa-
tion, not to excced the amounts paid by private
parties for the same kind of service; and all com-
pensation for services rendered for the Govern-
ment shall be applied to the paymentofsaid bonds
and interest until the whole amount is fully paid,"
and by inserting in lieu thereof, the following:
And the said raihoad shall forever remain a public high-
way for the use of the Government ot the United States,
free fioin any charge whatever upon the transportation of
any property or troops of the United States.
I simply desire to say that the principle cm-
bodied in this amendment is the same that has been
applied to all the railroads in the country to which
railroad grants have been made; and I know no
reason why an exception should be made in favor
of this great and extensive thoroughfare which is
to appropriate a large part not only of the lands
of the Government, but of its credit.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, it will be
observed that in our liberal grants of lands to
western railroad companies, the roads were in
almost every instance, if not in all, constructed
through the rich prairie lands of the West; and
the grants thus given by the Government to aid in
the construction of those roads were of pume ne-
