1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a little, so as to avoid all doubt about the consti-
tutionality of the matter.
Mi*. PENDLETON. I will hear the gentle-
man'« proposed amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. $}t is to insert after the word
"cum" the following proviso:
Provided, That the legal tender provision of this bill shall
not appjy to payments made to officers, or soldiers, or for
provisions or supplies for the Auny, nor to any transactions
between individuals, but only to payments made to the Uni-
ted States lor taxes, excises, and internal duties.
Mr. PENDLETON. I should be very willing
to vote for th at amendment, being entirely opposed
to the whole legal tender principle; but I prefer
now the amendment I have offered, which was in-
tended to meet the objection of the gentleman from
NewYork [Mi\Sp.\uldixg] in reference to an un-
just discrimination against soldiers and others.
Mr. WASPIBURNE. I rise to apointoforder.
The gentleman from Ohio is not in order, as de-
bate was closed upon all these amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that a gentleman proposing an amendment is enti-
tled to five minutes, under the rule, to discuss it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I did not intend to intrude
upon the time of the House. I merely wished to
say that I proposed this amendment to meet the
objection of the gentleman from NewYork, who
opened this debate this morning, that we who are
opposed to the legal tender scheme were intend-
ing to draw an unjust discrimination between the
Army and the creditors of the Government, who
alone loaned it their money. I am not in favor
of that discrimination, but I am m favor of pay-
ing the officers and soldiers in the military and
naval service of the Government in the legal coin
of the country.
It is therefore that I offer this amendment; and
it is because I do not wish this amendment to be
embarrassed by the legal tender proposition that
I decline to accept the substitute suggested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. If he will offer it
independently of my proposition, I shall be very
glad to vote for it.
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Pendleton,and it was notogreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now offer the amendment
which I have already read.
Mr. WASHGURNE. I raise the point oforder
upon that amendment, that it is not germane to
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. The effect of the amendment
of the Senate is to avoid the legal tender clause to
a certain extent. I propose to enlarge that.
Mr. "VVASFIBURNE. The amendment of the
Senate provides for the payment of the interest
upon bonds and notes in com. This amendment
is entirely different in its character.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to amend the Senate
amendment, by inserting after the word "coin"
the words <s or its equivalent, at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBUIINE demanded tellers upon the
amendment of the Senate.
Tellers were ortlered;and Messrs. Shanks, and
Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
 ayes seventy-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Page 2, line thirty, aftci the words" United States,1' stake
out the words " cxcept interest as afoiesaid."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Line forty, stake out the words " at the Treasury or «ub-
Treasuuesofthe United States."
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Page 3, line forty-two, after the word" after," insert" five
years and payable.''
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In line forty-three strike out, " that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall, upon presentation of said certificates of de-
posit, issue to the holder thereof, at hi* option, and instead
of the bonds already described, an equal amount of bonds of
the United States, coupon or registered, as may by said
holder be desired, bearing interest at the rate of seven per
cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, and redeemable at
the pleasure of the United States after five years from the
date thereof," and insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, upon
presentation of the notes mentioned in the preceding part
of tins section, in sums of not less than ©10U, issue to the
holder thereof, at his option, and instead of the bonds already
described, an equal amount of Treasury notes or coupons
or registered bonds, redeemable at the pleasure of the Uni-
ted States at any time after two years, bearing interest at
the rate of seven and three tenths per cent, per annum, and
payable semi-annually.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Commencing at line sixty-four,strike out the following:
There shall be printed on the back of the United States
notes, which may be issued under the provisions of this act,
the following words: " The within note is a legal tender in
payment of all debts, public and private, and is exchange-
able for bond* of the United States bearing six per cent,
interest, at twenty years, or m seven per cent, bonds at five
years."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
In line six, section two, strike out the word " and."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
Thirteenth amendment:
In line seven of the same section, strike out the word
" Government," and insert in lieu thereof" United States."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
After the word " after/' in the same line, insert, " five
years and payable;" so that the clause will lead:
That to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to fund the
Treasury notes and floating debt of the United States, he
is hereby authorized to issue, on the credit of the United
States, coupon bonds, or registered bonds, to an amount not
exceeding $500,000,000, redeemable at the pleasuie of the
United States after five years, and payable twenty years
fiom date, and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually. And the bonds herein
authonzcf] shall be of such denominations, not less than
fifty dollars, as maybe determined upon by the Secretary
of the Treasuiy.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrencc.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
In line thirteen, second section, after the word "time,"
insert" atthc market value thereofso that the ciause will
read:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may dispose of such
bonds at any time at the market value thereof.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
In lino fouiteen, second section, strike out the words
"lawful money," and insert in lieu thereof " the coin."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Steele, of
New York, and Alley were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes severity, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
In line twenty-one, second section, strike out the words
"any State or county,5'and inheu thereof insert " or under I
State authority;" so that the clause will read :
And all stocks, bonds, and other securities of the United ,
States, held bv individuals., coipoiations, oi associations j
within the United States, shall be exempt from taxation by '
or under State authority. |
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- j
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
insert the following as an additional section : ! j
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of i'
the Treasury may receive from any person or pcisons, or !i
any corporation, United States notes on deposit for not less .
than thirty days, in sums of not less than $100, with any of
the Assistant Treasurers or designated depositaries of the
United States authorized by the Secretary of the Treasury
to receive them, who shall issue therefor certificates of de-
posit. made in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall proscribe, and said certificate of deposit shall "bear
interest at the late of five per cent, per annum-; and any
amount of United States notes so deposited may be with-
drawn from deposit at any time, after ten days' notice, on
the return of said certificates: Provided, That the interest
on all such deposits shall cease and determine at the pleas-
ure of the Secretary of the Treasury: Jh\d providedfurther,
That the aggregate of such deposits shall at no time exceed
the amount of $25,000,000,
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment, with the
following amendments:
After the word " notes," in the third line, add the words
"or coin," and after the word "rate,"In the tenth line,
strike out the words " of five," and inseit" which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, from time to time, prescribe,
not exceeding six,"and after the word "notes," iti the
eleventh line, insert the words "or coin;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury may receive from any person or persons, or
any corporation, United States notea or coin on deposit for
not less than thirty days, in sums of not less than $100, witli
any of the Assistant Treasurers or designated depositaries of
the United States authorized by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to receive them, who shall issue therefor certificates of
deposit, made in such form as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, and said certificates of deposit shall bear
interest at the rate which the Secretary of the Treasury
may, from time to time, prescribe, not exceeding six per
cent, pei annum; and any amount of United States notes
or coin so deposited maybe withdrawn fiom deposit at any
time after ten days' noticeon the return of said certificates:
Provided, That the interest on all such deposits shall cease
and determine at the pleasureoftheSeeretaryoftheTreas-
ury: Jlnd provided further, That the aggregate of such de-
posits shall at no time exceed the amouut of $25,000,000.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means were agreed to.
Mr. BAKEB. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " twenty-five" in line six-
teen, and inserting "fifty," so as to enable the
Government to borrow the sum of $50,000,000, in-
stead of $25,000,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Add the following as an additional section to the bill:
Bec. 5. Jlnd be it j art her enacted, That all duties on inn-
ported goods, the proceeds of the sale of the public lands,
and the proceeds of all property seized and sold under the
laws of the United States as the property of rebels, shall be
set apart as a special fund, and shall be applied as follows :
First. To the payment m coin of the interest on the bonds
and notes of the United States. Second. To the purchase
or payment of one per cent, of the entire debt of the United
States, to be made within each fiscal year after the 1st day
of July, 1862, which is to he set apart as a sinking fund, and
the interest of which shall in like manner be applied to the
purchase or payment of the public debt as the Secretary of
the Treasury hliall, from time to time, direct. Third. The
residue thereof to be paid into the Treasury of the United
States,
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate, by striking out in line two,
the words " the proceeds of the sale of the public
lands." I desire to occupy the attention of the
House but a moment. The amendment of the Sen-
ate must mean something or there is 110 use in re-
taining it. If it means anything, it means that the
public lands are to be sold and the proceeds thus
appropriated. If we adopt this amendment of the
Senate, we shall be told when we come to con-
sider the homestead bill, that we have already
pledged the proceeds of the sales of the public -•
lands, and that good faith requires the defeat of
that measure. I am aware that the Committee of
Ways and Means? recommend non-concurrence in
this amendment, but it may be that the House
will disagree with the committee, and I desire,
therefore, that it shall be amended, so that we may
have a separate vote upon it in the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
amend that clause before the vote is taken upon
striking it out. 1 move to insert before the word
" proceeds" the word i( net.'' My object in of-
fering this amendment is to provide that the net
proceeds of the sale of the public lands, after pay-
ing all the expenses of bringing them into market,
shall be applied to the extinguishmentof this debt,
so far as they will go. I am in favor of that pol-
icy; and allow me to say that I have been trying
to get before the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill pledging the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands for the public debt.
Much has been said here upon the subject of
the credit of the Government. All that the public
