1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
Laws of the United States.
37th Com...2d Sess.
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottawas of Kansas.
For their proportion of thepermanentannuities
in money, goods, or otherwise, payable under the
fourth article of the treaty of third August, sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five, second article of
the treaty of seventeenth November,eighteen hun-
dred and seven, fourth article of the treaty of sev-
enteenth September, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, and fourth article of the treaty of twenty-
ninth August,eighteen hundred and twenty-one,
two thousand six hundred dollars.
Pawnees. *
For last of five installments in goods and such
articles as may be necessary for them, per second
article treaty twertty-fonrth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, forty thousand dollars.
For suppoi t of two manual labor schools annu-
ally, during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction of
the President, per third article treaty twenty-fourth
September,eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel, and other neces-
saries for the shop, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, five
hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to
be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth September,eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of two strikers or apprentices
in shop, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September,eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, four
hundred and eighty dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for farming utensils
and stock during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen bundled and fifty-seven, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and i
fifty-seven, six hundred dollars. j
For fourth of ten installments for pay of miller,
at the discretion of the President, per fourth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fourth September,eighteen hun-
dred *nd fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for pay of an en-
gineer, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices, to assist in
working the mill, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, five hundred dollars.
Pottaic atomies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August,seventeen hundred and
ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and nine, five bundled dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third arti-
cle treaty second October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
"For permanent annuity in money, per second
article tieaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred
and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to cb iefs, per third article treaty
twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, second article treaty
twentieth September, eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five
thousand dollars
For permanent provision for the payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article of the
treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, three hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three blacksmiths
and assistants, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and second article
treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and
twenty-nine, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shops, per third article treaty sixteenth October,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second article
treaty twentieth September, eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight, and second article treaty twenty-
ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
six hundred and sixty dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of salt,
per second article of treaty twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum,per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, tlfh-ty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity in money or otherwise,
per second article treaty seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, four hundred dollars.
Quapaws.
For education during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty thirteenth May, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, one thousand dol-
lars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer during the pleasure of the President,
per third article treaty thirteenth May, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For ninth of sixteen installments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty tenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-tinee, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty third November, eighteen
hundred and four, one thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum,persecond article treaty twen-
ty-first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty elev-
enth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per centum,
under the direction of the President, per second
article treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, seven thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For the sixth of ten installments for the support
of schools, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thou-
sand dollars
For the sixth of ten installments for agricultural
assistance, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For the sixth often installments for the support
of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth article
treaty seventh August,eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annuity,
per eighth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as annuity,
they having joined their biethren west, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For miller during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hundred dol-
lars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, six thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per ccntum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from On-
tario Bank to the United States Treasury, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, two thousand one hundred and fifty-
two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnces.
For permanent annuity in speoie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, dining the pleasure
of the President, per fourth article treaty twen-
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
Shawnces.
For permanentnnnuity for educational purposes,
per fourth article treaty third August, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five, and third article treaty
tenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For ninth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars for education,
per third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity forcducational purposes,
per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, and third article
treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty eleventh
November, seventeen hundred and ninety-four,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi ■
For interest on throe hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty twen-
ty-ninth September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, fifteen thousand dollars.
For twelfth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one million three hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
twenty-third July, eighteen hundred fifty-one,
sixty-eight thousand dollars.
For twelfth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one hundred and twelve thou-
sand dollars, being the amount in lieu of the res-
ervations set apart in the third article ot Senate s
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty twenty-third July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For twelfth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one million one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
