890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
creditor wants is security for his principal and in-
terest, and you cannot hold oat any security better
calculated to create confidence in the capitalists of
the country than the proceeds of the sale of the
public lands. Unless you thus pledge them, and
refrain from appropriating them maid of railroads
and schools and colleges, the whole fund will be
squandered, and the taxes will fall upon the farm-
ing interests of the country and upon the consum-
ers of imported goods.
I am old enough to remember that we had to
fight the war of 1812 on a paper currency—a paper
currency which was, on an average, at least
twenty-five per*cent, below specie. We had no
specie outside of New England, and we could not
get at that because they had better use for it.
The soldiers fought then at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, and were glad to take Tieasury
notes at par. "What sustained your paper money
then with the public, and with those who invested
in them? It was the fact that the Government had
pledged the proceeds of the public lands for the
redemption of the principal and the payment of
the interest. Put that same pledge on your notes
to-day; give that as an evidence to the public at
large; and you create more confidence in the com-
munity where these Treasury notes will circulate
than you can by all your pledges of public rev-
enue.
I understand, Mr. Chairman, that there is an
objection on the part of the House to this. 1 did
not want to have it incumbered with either a gen-
eral tax bill, or a money bill. I was willing to
submit the proposition as I have submitted it in
a resolution to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and let us have a fair and square vote upon it. If
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means will agree to that, I am willing that the
amendment of the Senate shall be stricken out.
But I tell you that the country expects that all our
resources shall be pledged to the holdeis of these
Treasury notes, whether they be soldiers, whether
they be merchants, or whether they be bankers.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
I want to oppose one or other of these amend-
ments, for the purposoofconvincing, iff can, the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] that he
is m error in the construction which he puts on I he
Senate amendment. Like him, I am a ftiend to
the homestead policy, but unlike him, I under-
stand that this amendmenthds no effect whatever
like that which he attributes to it. Ills idea seems
to be that, although this amendment does not ex-
pressly or by implication provide that there shall
be any given amount, or any amount, whatever,
of proceeds ftom the public lands; it does, never-
theless, pledge m some degree the faith of the
Government to devote those proceeds to a par-
ticular object, and infers that proceeds to a large
amount, or to some amount, shall he derived from
the public lands. Now, J see the force of the gen-
tleman's suggestion; but I submit to lnm tiiat it
is entirely met by this fact, if not by others: he
knows that the Secretaries, m their reports, sot
down the proceeds from the public lands as among
their estimates. lie knows that statutes now
stand making disposition of the proceeds of the
public lands. It is not, therefore, true, as it
would otherwise be, thatthis provision establishes
any new rule. Now, I grant that if, at this time,
in the statutes of the country we had ignored the
proceeds of the public lauds as one of the sources
of our revenue, this would be the inti oduction of
a novel provision, looking to a change of policy
with refeience to it.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. En a single mo-
ment. Inasmuch as this provision simply con-
tinues, simply perpetuates, simply harmonizes
with the statutory policy of the Govenmientas it
now is, I submit to my friend that it has no such
effect as he atuibutcs to it. "I will now hear Jiis
inquiry.
Mi. WINDOM. It its this: If this lluuse pi o-
poses to adopt the homestead measuie, and thus
mau^uuto a new policy, what propriety is there
in making this pledge of proceeds of the public
lands, when theie will be no proceeds of the public
* Alt-! ROSCOE CONKLING. Alter the man-
ner of a Yankee, I will ask the gentleman in re-
turn why lie does not propose to expunge from the
statutes as they now stand this provision speak-
ing of the proceeds of the public lands? Why
not clear the way for a homestead policy, by
bringing in a bill to repeal all enactments which
propose a disposition of the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands?
Mr. "WINDOM. And let me ask the gentle-
man from New Yoik what harm can the amend-
ment which I propose do, in case we pass the
homestead bill ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Why, sir, it will
do this harm: when we inventory the sources of
our revenue, we inventory all our possibilities as
well as our certainties, and when we are trying to
put cork into this currency to make it float, we
want to support it with all the resources we have.
Whether Congress shall adopt a homestead policy
or not, it is possible and likely that there will be
proceeds, for a time and to some extent, of the
public lands, Tliciefore the Senate says, " let
the same be more or less—no matter how little—
that little wo add to the other things which we
have, and pledge it to the ultimate ledemption and
extinguishment of the public debt."
Mr. WINDOM. Can there be any proceeds
from the public lands under the homestead bill?
Mr. IiOSCOE CONKLING. If not, this pro-
vision does no harm; but it is meaningless and
nonsensical to strike it out, unless you also pro-
pose to strike out of all statutes the same provis-
ion.
Mr. WINDOM. The other statutes are not
now before us.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Precisely so.
[Hero the hammer fell ]
Mr. LOYEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Wickljffe,] We talk about the
sacredness of tho public faith. No jesuitical ar-
gument can prove to this House that this amend-
ment, as it stands, does not effectually kill the
homestead bill; for, if we pledge the proceeds of
the public lands to the payment of these bonds,
that argument will be made against the passage of
the homestead bill. It will be said," we have bor-
rowed money on that pledge, and it would notbe
good faith to withdraw now that source of in-
come;'5 in other words, it would not be good faith
to pass the homestead bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gentle-
man from 1 llinois whether, according to that idea,
it would not be a breach of faith in us now to in-
augurate, a homestead policy, m the teeth of many
statutes containing this same provision?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The pledge made here looks
to future indebtedness, to the future selling of these
bonds. What. I want to say in respect to public
faith is this—and I do not suppose there is much
use in saying it—I doubt if there are a dozen mem-
bers on this floor from the loyal States who do not
stand pledged by every consideration of honor,
pledged by declarations from their own hps and
pens to the people of these United States that the
homestead bill shall be carried through. An over-
whelming nmjori ty of this House stands solemnly
pledged to that. We claimed, as everyone knows,
that th   homestead measure was defeated by Mr.
i Buchanan, and promised that, if Mr. Lincoln were
| elected, the measure should be earned through,
i And now we propose, in the teeth of that solemn
pledge, to violate the promise made to the people.
If we do this I think there will be very little re-
liance placed in future on any promises that we
• may make.
A Member. We did not expect a revolution
' then.
j Mr. LOYEJOY. That makes no difference. I
j insist that we are bound to amend this bill as pro-
j posed by the gentleman from Minnesota. 1 will
\ not detain the committee longer. Isawthatwhen
: Kentucky nodded her head against the homestead
j bill, when the question of its postponement was
' up, that the thing was killed. I must submit to it;
1 but 1 must at the same time remonstrate against it.
The question was taken; and Mr. Wickliffe's
amendment to the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move, merely
1 for the purpose of enabling me to say a word or
I two upon tins amendment, to insert the word
1 " except," before the word <{ the," in the clause
I pi oposed by the amendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota to be stricken out.
I believe the Committee of Ways and Means
were unanimous in their opinion that this provis-
ion of the amendment of the Senate pledging the
public lands should be stricken out, for the reason
that it would create great difficulty in the Treasury
Department to be compelled to keep separate ac-
counts of the different items of the picayune mat-
ter of the sales of the pub^c lands. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand the question
is now upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota, to strike out the words " proceeds of
the public lands." I desire to oppose thatamend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota. The gentleman may propose an
amendment to the amendment, if he wishes to
speak upon it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will. I move to strike
out half his amendment, so as to have half the
public lands pledged for the redemption of the
public debt. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALDPJCH. Which half? [Laughter.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I have
not turned my attention to this homestead bill
which seems to have had such an impression upon
the gentleman from Illinois and others in parrying
out their pledges made upon the stump or in
some caucus or some convention in time of peace,
by virtue of which they must now snatch from
the resources of the Government the proceeds of
the public lands, and give them away in the shape
of homesteads. Sir, I want the public lands to
assist us in sustaining the credit of the Govern-
ment, and in defending the homesteads of the men
who now occupy them. It is in my judgment
more impoitant that this Government should sus-
tain Us power, enforce its authority, and restore
the Union of these United States to peace, har-
mony, and prosperity again, than it is that John
Doe, Richard Roe, or anybody else in this coun-
try, or anybody to be brought into it after our
trials and troubles are over, should have the op-
portunity of going, free of cost, to settle upon
the public lands of this Government, while the
public creditor and the public credit have been
permitted to suffer for want of the means of pay-
ing the interest on the public debt.
Do not understand me as unfriendly to the occu-
pants of the soil of this country. But let me say
that my ancestors, who were among the pioneers
of Kentucky, got no homesteads given them by
the Government. They won them and had to pro-
tect them fiotn the savage by their lifles, after
peace had been concluded with the British Gov-
ernment in 1783. You have not given homesteads
to the pioneers in the old free States, if I may use
the expression. The pioneers in Illinois and Indi-
ana went there and bought their land and made
their homes. It is true you lowered the price of
lands, and gave the settlers the right of preemp-
tion at a given price. This advantage the amend-
ment of the Senate does not take away. You may
fix whatever price you please, and still give the
right of pieemption to the actual settler.
But I understand the proposition of the gentle-
man over the way from Minnesota, to be to give
away the public lands to persons who may come
across the main, or who may leave their homes
in the older States. Thiy are to have their lands
for nothing. 4
if that is the gentleman's homestead bill, I am
opposed to it. While chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands in this House, in former years,
I always favored the policy of granting to the
actual settler the pnvilege of going upon the sur-
veyed or unsurveyed public lands, and making
for himself a home, to be secured from the Gov-
ernment at the price fixed when the lands should
he brought into market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to its withdrawal.
Mr. WJCKLIFEE. Oh, very well; I will not
withdraw it then.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont, I desire to op-
pose it as a matter of form, so that furthei time
may not be taken up with it. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman will be concurred in.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Air. WASHBURNE. I mo^p that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of closing debato upon
this amendment,
The motion was agreed to.
