1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
eessity and of very great value. The road con-
templated by the bill before usdtfFersfrom anyroad
probably ever contemplated by the wit of man.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I see that all the roads in the
"West that were built by the aid of grants made by
the Government, come in now with bills and ask
to be paid for the transportation of troops and
munitions of war this year, is that so?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe that to be the case.
I believe that, notwithstanding the rich grants of
valuable lands made by the Government, we are
now obliged to pay the usual rates of transpor-
tation for our troops and munitions. Now, Mr.
Chairman, this road never could be constructed
on terms applicable to ordinary roads. Every
member of the committee knows that it is to be
constructed through almost impassable mount-
ains, deep ravines, canons, gorges, and over arid
and sandy, plains. The Government must come
forward with a liberal hand, or the enterprise must
be abandoned forever. The necessity is upon us.
The question is whether we shall hold our Pacific
possessions,and connect the nations on the Pacific
with those on the Atlantic slopes, or whether we
shall abaudon our Pacific possessions. Gentle-
men are not to apply ordinary rules governing
roads in the western States to this great enter-
prise. We must be liberal at the same time that
we are jusL. We must aid this Pacific railroad to
the extent of paying on the business of the Gov-
ernment the ordinary rates of transportation, or
such rates as will be paid by individuals.
The road is a necessity to the Government. It
is the Government that is asking individual cap-
italists to build the road. Gentlemen are under
the impression that it is a very great benefit to
these stockholders to aid them to an extent of
about half the capital required. I beg leave to call
the attention of gentlemen to the fact that it is the
Government which is under the necessity to con-
struct the road. If the capitalists of the country
are willing to come forwaid and advance half the
amount necessary for this great enterprise, the
Government is doing but little in aiding the com-
pany to the extent of the other half by way of a
loan. Not one dollar of it is given as a bonus to
this company. Every dollar of it is to be secured
oil the investments of the company, and is to be
repaid at the end of a certain period. If not re-
? paid, the Government then steps in and takes pos-
session of the entire road. The least that we can
do is to pay for transportation over this road at
the usual rates. The whole scheme is based upon
a return to the United States of every dollar of the
loan; and on that basis we cei tainly must feel our-
selves obligated to pay the usual rates of trans-
portation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mi. HOLMAN. I only desire to ask whether,
considering the whole features of this bill, the
Government is not really the contractor for build-
ing this road?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out tho words " at reasonable rates of compen-
sation, not to exceed the amount paid by private
parties for the same kind of service," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words <{ at such rates of
compensation as the Government of the United
States shall from time to time prescribe," The
section provides that the amount to be paid for
transportation of troops and supplies shall he at
the same rates as may be paid by private parties.
My amendment leaves the rates entirely at the
discretion of the Government. It seems to me
thataftcr such enormous grants as we are making,
of land, of bonds, and of credit, the corporators
m this great enterprise may well afford to leave to
the Government of the United States the fixing of
the rates for transportation of troops and supplies.
And I say, further, to the gentlemen especially
interested in this question, that on the adoption
or rejection of this amendment will depend cer-
tainly the votes of some gentlemen. There are
many reasons why this bill ought to be passed,
but cortainly it will not be, unless its provisions
are at least as favorable to the Government as to
the corporators nnd capitalists who may be inter-
ested in the enterprise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, the bill
provides that Government shall have the prefer-
ence in the use of this road for all purposes of
Government transportation at fair and reasonable
rates of compensation. I do not see the propriety
of allowing the Government to fix the rates. The
Government is not to be the owner of this road
unless the company fail to perform its part of the
contract, in which case the Government is to take
possession of it under the charter, or under a for-
feiture or foreclosure mortgage. But while the
stockholders own the road, they certainly should
have the privilege of fixing the rates of transpor-
tation. Why should the Government fix them ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman yield ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman lays stress
upon the words " fair and reasonable compensa-
tion." The only question is, who shall determine
that? All I insist on is that the Government shall
determine what is fair and reasonable, instead of
these corporators.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think that, as in the case
of ail other railroad companies,the company itself
should have the right to fix the rates; but they are
controlled by the terms of the charter from fixing
unreasonable rates or making unfair charges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Indiana to modify his
amendment byinserting"attheaverage rates paid
by the War Department during the past year."
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh, no. That average would
exceed by thirty-three and one third per cent,
the rates paid by individuals for the like service
during the same period of time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, modify
it by saying " at the lowest rate," instead of " at
the average rate."
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. Holman's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the sev-
enth section:
Prowled, hoivever, That upon the maps, profiles, and
descriptions aforesaid being filed as afoiesaid,the same shall
be submitted by tin; President of Lite United States to three
competent and dismteiestod comimssioneis, to be approved
bv the President and continued by tho Senate, who shall
discharge their duties upon oath, whose duty it shall be
earel'ullv to examine said map-*, profile, descnptions, and
such otiier source-? of leliahle infoimauon as may be within
their reach, and to dyteimme whether thr pioposed route
of baid road Is practicable as u continuous line of road
throughout its entire length for the transportation of the
maiN, uoop.-, munitions of war, and public stores of the
United States; and no lands shall be granted 1101 bonds
isMicd to the said company by the United States, in any
event, until after said commissioners shall have determined
as aforesaid that the said route if piacticable as aforesaid.
I am very anxious to be able to vote for some
Pacific railroad bill. The dangers that I appre-
hend from this bill are, first, that there is a very
great liability that this thing will occur, which has
been so often alluded to in the discussions upon
this floor, to wit: that this bill will be made the
means and instrumentality of a large draft upon
the Treasury and lands of the Government with-
out resulting in the construction of any continu-
ous line of railroad from our States to the Pacific.
The danger is found in the fact that there is noth-
ing in the bill to prevent that which has been so
often alluded to here, the construction of a por-
tion of this road through such lands as are fertile
and productive, and which portion is also, as we
all understand, the cheapest and easiest made,
drawing from the Government of the United States,
first these alternate sections, extending ten miles
on each side of the road, and of the most fertile
lands, and then also $16,000 per mile, and the
dropping of the enterprise there. Now, what de-
gree of danger of that sort there may be I shall
not, of course, undertake to assert in a five min-
utes' spccch.
Another danger is this—and disguise it as you
will, the fact still stares us all m the face—that it
is not at all demonstrated that any line of railroad
is now ascertained to be practicable for the pur-
poses for which this bill is mainly advocated.
There has not been made, as I understand—and
if I am misinformed, J shall be very glad to be
corrected—any accurate survey or profile of any
line of railroad over the two great ranges of mount-
ains that intervene between us and the Pacific.
One has, perhaps, been made by the State of Cal-
ifornia over one hundred and fifty or two hundred
miles, applicable to the Sierra Nevada; but be-
yond that there is nothing but these unreliable
barometrical surveys, that do not even approxi-
mate accuracy.
If this amendment shall be adopted, there will
be some additional changes required in other por-
tions of the bill, which can readily be made. The
object of the amendment is to interpose between
the Treasury of the United States and the lands
that are to be granted a commission of sworn offi-
cers, appointed by the President, and confirmed
by the Senate, to whom shall be submitted, before
any bonds are issued in favor of this company, or
any land grants made, profiles, maps, and state-
ments, such as are provided for in the amend-
ment, upon which it shall be determined whether
the route proposed and submitted to the Interior
Department be or be not a practicable route.
I know, sir, that even this is a very inadequate
protection to the Government. I should be very
glad to see a better one devised, but it is, I think,
very much better than nothing thatsomebody shall
determine upon actual profile surveys whether the
route is one over which the ordnancc stores and
other property of the Government, contemplated
by this bill, can be carried on a continuous road.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am sorry that the gen-
tleman has not informed himself m regard to the
very many and very accurate surveys which have
been made of this entire route, at least so far as
that portion is concerned from the South Pass to
California.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, Does the gentleman
mean to say that there have been accurate profiles
made of actual surveys of this route over the
Rocky mountains?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do. I have seen the pro-
files, and ascertained the grades, and have ex-
amined every grade foot by foot, and mile by
mile, and if the gentleman, when he has leisure,
will accompany me, I can show him the profiles.
I say that from the South Pass to California,
every mile of this route has been surveyed.
Mr. CUTLER. I have been at some pains to
ascertain whether there has ever been an instru-
mental railroad survey of the line across the Rocky
mountain range. I have examined, as far as I
have been able, all the facts connected with that
subject, and I have not as yet been able to find
anything that approaches an accurate instru-
mental survey of the line across tho Rocky mount-
ain range. There has been a very perfect survey
of the line across the Sierra Nevada range, but
when you have crossed that range, coming in this
direction, you pass over the great basin at an ele-
vation of some four thousand feet above the ocean
level, and then you encounter the Rocky mount-
ain range at an elevation of eleven thousand feet
above the ocean, and over which, so far as 1 am
informed, there has been no survey.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There have been baromet-
rical surveys such as to satisfy committees of this
House, both past and present, that the road is a
practicable one, and that there is no difficulty that
could not be overcome in its construction. But,
sir, this is not pertinent to the question before the
committee, and I hope the committee will excuse
the digression.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
only provides for cumbersome machinery, and is
totally unnecessary. The selection and survey
of these lands is under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and I hope the House will
not provide for cumbersome and quite impracti-
cable machinery.
Mr. Shellabarger's amendment was rejected.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the seventh
section by striking out the words u western bound-
ary of Kansas, "In line five, and inserting in lieu
thereof:
Some point on the one hundred and second meridian of
longitude west from Greenwich, to be determined by the
Union Railioad Company, subject to tlxe approval ol the
President of the United States.
The object of the amendment which has been read
is to give to the Union Pacific Railroad Company
the power, with the approval of the President, to
determine where this main line of railroad shall
start. It is provided in the eighth section of the
hill that it shall start at the terminus of the west-
ern railroad, so that the Pacific railroad must start
where a local railroad company chooses to make
its terminus.
