2872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
who acknowledge their allegiance to the Consti-
tution of their country, and who oppose treason
tind rebellion as much as the Senators who are
now here. I maintain, therefore, it is a presump-
tion not to be made that ever the time will come
when the Senate, to protect itself, will be com-
pelled to legislate as to exclude from the body men
who have been engdged in attempting to over-
throw the Government in which, if they pre-
sented themselves here, they would be called upon
to take part and govern and control. It is a pre-
sumption not to be made. Never can this rebel-
lion be crushed out, never will these States be re-
stored, until the power of the State governments
shall be securely lodged in the hands of the loyal
citizens of those States; and the authors of this
conspiracy will never, if they can help it, place
themselves in a position by which they will be
subject to the power of this Government, to be
arrested, convicted, and punished for the crimes
they have committed, by presenting themselves
here seeking places in the Halls of legislation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say nothing further
on this question than simply to read the statute of
1790, passed by the men who made the Constitu-
tion. i desire to read it, as the Senator speaks
eo confidently on this point, to show that they
thought it was competent for Congress to disqual-
ify a person from holding an office. Section twen-
ty-one of the act passed on the 30th of April, 17U0,
declares:
" That if any person shall, directly or indirectly, give any
Burn or sums of money, or other bribe, present, or reward,
or any present, conn act, obligation or security, for the pay-
ment or delivery of any money, present, or reward, or tiny
other thing to obtain or procure the opinion, judgment, or
decree of any judge or judges of the United Status, m any
euit, controvusv, matter, or cause depending before him or
tfoera, and shall be theteof convicted, such person or per-
sons so giving, promising, contracting, or securing to be
given, paid or delivered, any sum or sums of money, pres-
ent, reward, or other bribe asafoiesaidjand the judges who
shall, in anywise, accept or receive the same, on convic-
tion thereof shall bo fined and imprisoned atthc discretion
of the couit, and shall forever be disqualified to hold any
office of honor, trubt, or profit under tiie United States."—
Statutes at Large, bc$siou 1, ch.ip. 9, 1700, p. 117.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 have no doubt in the world
of the constitutionality and expediency of that
law. That is a law to protect the Government of
the country from having its offices filled by men
who are unworthy to fill them; but this is a prop-
osition to administer an oath to one who claims
a right to office. I have no doubt if one was to
come here, presenting himself and claiming the
right to fill the office from which he is excluded
by law, because of conviction of an infamous of-
fense, the poweris in the Government to exclude
him from that office; but I see nothing in that
law authorizing the administering of an oath to
the applicant, requiring him to swear whether he
has ever been guilty of bribery or corruption for
the purpose of procuring the office. I really do
not see the applicability of the law quoted by the
Senator to the proposition now before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible for me to
find eyes for the Senator so that he shall see, or to
follow him around. Not five minutes ago he in-
sisted that where the qualification of the office was
cieated by the Constitution, no other qualification
could be added; and now he can see no objection
to a law that declares that a judge shall not be a
member of Congress in a certain contingency; but
if you do not administer an oath to him you can-
not prevent his being a member. It is in the oath.
I do not wish to take up time. I leave the Senate
to decide it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall votefor the amend-
ment to the amendment. J do not think the law
Biated by the honorable Senator from Illinois
meets the objection. The law contains these six
very important woids, " and he shall be thereof
Convicted." When a man has been convicted of
the crime as a part of his punishment this dis-
qualification is set upon him. I understand that
to be a very different thing from this; I do not see
the objection, certainly, to the amendment that the
same oath shall be administered to the Vice Pres-
ident that is to be administered to the Piesident.
As to the members of Congress, each House is
made independent of the other House and of Con-
gress. Each House, under the Constitution, is
expressly made the jud^e of the qualifications of
its own members, and the oath of course is to be
administered in the House. As my friend the
other day in his argument conceded, even if you
pass the law the House need not administer the
oath unless the$r please, and could let him in just
as they pleased. By the Constitution, each House
is made independent of Congress in its action. I
do not see, therefore, why it would not be just as
well to except these, which the Constitution seems
to provide for; and then the bill would receive the
unanimous assent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought I would notsay
another word; but it seems the Senator from Wis-
consin will persist in attempting to mystify the
matter. I should like to ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if it would not be in the power of the
Senate to admit to a seat here a man who had been
convicted of bribery? He puts it on the convic-
tion. Would that alter it? Would it not be in
the power of the Senate or of the House of Rep-
resentatives to admit to a seat in either body a per-
son who had offered or taken a bribe and been con-
victed of it? Do wenotali know thateach House
is the exclusive judge of the election, qualifica-
tions, and returns of its own members ? All this
legislation- could be avoided by the House, but I
do not believe either House would avoid it. I
think the effect of it would be to prevent such per-
sons from presenting themselves.
Mr, DAVIS. I will puta query, and itis this:
can Congress impose as matters of disqualification
to members of the two Houses every act which
they may denounce as criminal?
Mr. TRUMBULL. How do you get over the
act of 1790?
Mr. DAVIS. The act of 1790 does not touch
the question at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not disqualify a
judge convicted of bribery from being a Senator?
Mr. DAVIS. It does as a matter of punishment
but notasamatterofqualification. Thejudgment
of the court of New York read by the Senator
makes the matter perfectly clear, if gentlemen will
read it; and it amounts simply to this, that the
Legislature may disqualify a man from serving as
an officer as a part of his punishment; but if that
punishmentbeinfiictedor administered, there must
be a judicial prosecution and ajudicial condemna-
tion. Congress may pass various laws denouncing
crime. If the principle of the Senator from Illinois
is correct, every act that Congress may make crim-
inal, when done by a man presenting himself lor
a seat either in the House or in the Senate, may be
prescribed as additional qunlificationsto his office*.
Well,sir, to my mind nothing can be plainer, and
nothing is plainer, than that the qualifications of
Senators and Representatives are prescribed by
the Constitution, and they can neither be added
to nor subtracted from.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted— yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Me-srs. Browning, Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Dix-
on, Doolittle, Harris*, Henderson, Kennedy, Latham, Mc-
Dougall, Nesmith, Peaice, Powell, SauUbury, Sherman,
VViiloy, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wi iglit—2'0.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Clark, Foot, Grimes,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilniot—18.
So the amendment to the amendmentwasagreed
to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment, as amended.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear it read, as
amended.
The Secretary read it: to insert after the word
** service,"m the sixth line of the bill, the words:
Ami for whom the foim of the oath of office is not pre-
scitbcd by the Constitution, and except the Vice President
and Senators and Representatives in Congress.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ofFeran amend-
ment in line ten, to strike out the words <c borne
arms,"and to insert the words " levied war;"and
after the word " against," in the same line, to
strike out the words " the Government of;" so
that it will read:
i, A 13, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never
voluntanly levied war agmnst the United States since I
have been a citizen thereof, &c.
I do not like the words " borne arms against the
Government of the United States." 1 suppose the
object of the bill is to reach those parties who have
been guilty of treason. The Senator will see that
an individual may very easily be guilty of the of-
fense of treason without having actually borne
arms, in fact, a great many of the worst traitors
in the country are those who have not actually
borne arms.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will look at
the twelfth and thirteenth lines, he will see that
those lines cover those cases.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; but the Senator
will see, if this amendment is adopted, it will fol-
low, as a matter of course, that 1 shall desire to
move an amendment to those lines. I do not like
those words. I design, if this amendment shall
be adopted, to move to strike out, in the twelfth
and thirteenth lines, the words " voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto,"
and to insert, in lieu thereof, " not, during said
period, adhered to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort." I desire to use the words that are
used in the Constitution, which have had a legal
construction given to them; and then there will be
no difficulty whatever in covering every possible
case of treason. I think it is extremely desirable
to take those words, inasmuch as we have had a con-
struction given to them time and again, and there
will be no difficulty whatever in ascertaining it.
The Senator will see it is objectionable to use
the words, * 'the Governmentof the United States."
They arc used in several places. The phrase,
" opposition to the Government, or to the laws
passed in pursuance of the Constitution," is sev-
eral times used in the bill. A party is bound to
swear that he has never made any opposition to the
Constitution and the laws passed in pursuance
thereof. A man may very properly object to alaw
passed by the Congress of the United States, and
passed jn pursuance of the Constitution thereof.
I refer now more particularly to the 2d page of
this bill. It may turn out that he is mistaken m
his ideas of the constitutionality of the law. He
ought not to be required to say that he will not
make any opposition to any law of Congtess. I
am as much opposed as any one to any individual
making any opposition to a law, except in the
courts of the country; but I do not desire that a
man shall be compelled to swear thathe will never
oppose any of the laws of Congress. If he op-
poses them, let him oppose them in the courts of
the country; and if the courts decide that lie has
made an improper opposition to them, there ought
to be an end of it. He has no right to take up
arms when the courts decide against him; nor has
he any right to take up arms before that time. I
desire to use the words I have indicated. I think
they are the proper words to be used; they are the
words contained in the Constitution; they are the
words contained in the law defining treason; and
the object is to reach those persons who are guilty
of treason under the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is evidently a mis-
apprehension as to where those words occur in
the mind of the Senator from Missouri. This is
a part of the oath that the individual takes. It is
not a matter of judicial investigation to be decided
as to what constitutes treason, or about which there
is to be judicial construction; but he is required to
take a certain oath. I have no objection to strik-
ing out the words " the Government of." I do
not think it would alter it at all; it would then read:
I do solemnly swear that I have never voluntarily borne
arms against the United States.
That would be just as satisfactory to me; and
as we have made one amendment to the bill, and
it will have to go back to the House of Represent-
atives, I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOWE. Do not strike those words out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin does not want them struck out. I think the
phrase <{ borne arms against the United States"
would bej list as well as to say" borne arms against
the Government of the United States." I do not
think there is any special importance in the words.
Senators differ about it. To me it would make no
difference one way or the other. As to the other
amendment that is suggested in the next page, m
which the Senator says the party would have to
swear that he would not oppose a law, that is not
so. It reads:
And I do further swear (or affiim) that to the best of my
knowledge and belief X will support and defend the Con-
stitution and Government ot the United States, and ail laws
made in pursuance thereof, against all enemies, foreign or
domestic.
Mr. HENDERSON. But, further, the party is
to swear thathe will" bear true faith and allegiancc
to the same." That applies evidently not only to
the Constitution, but to the " laws made in pur-
suance thereof." The Senator will sec that the
i language is very objectionable.
