1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Now, the objcctofthe amendment which I have
offered is to provide that the company which we
are about to create shall, with the approval of the
President, determine the point on this one hun-
dred and second meridian of longitude. It will
not, gentlemen should observe, interfere at all with
the various connections which are contemplated
in the bill; but it will give the company itself the
power to select the very best point of starting
that, from an actual survey, can be found, so as
to secure the largest business, the largest com-
mercial interests, and so as to make the best con-
nections that can be made. In other words, it
will require this little local road to make its termi-
nus at the point where the great Pacific railroad
shall start, and not require the Pacific railroad
to start at a point to be selected by the local com-
pany. It fixes, I repeat, the one hundred and
second meridian of longitude, but otherwise leaves
the company to select their own starting point.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Do I understand
the gentleman from Illinois to say that the term-
inus of the western railroad is not at the one hun-
dred and second meridian of longitude?
Mr. ARNOLD. I will inform the gentleman
again what my proposition is. It provides that
the words " western boundary of Kansas" shall
be stricken out, and that it shall read " that the
road shall start from apointon the one hundred and
second meridian of longitude, which shall be de-
termined by the Pacific Railroad. Company under
the approval of the President of the United States;"
leaving the various roads m Missouri and Iowa
to make their connections the same as are pro-
vided in the section as it stands. It will of course
be for the interest of the company, as well as of
the whole country, that the road should start from
apointwhich will accommodate the greatest extent
ofcountry, and to accomplish that objectitshould
make the most convenient connections with the
roads running westwardly from the Mississippi
river, it should be that point which will give the
greatest commerce, and that point can be best de-
termined by the company itself.
Now, then, shall we leave it to a local company
in Kansas to determine, or shall we leave it to the
Pacific Railroad Company to deteimino where the
point shall be? My design is to confer upon the
company the power of locating their road at such
points as will furnish the greatest possible com-
merce.
I move the amendment with a view of perfect-
ing the bill, and I am not aware that it is objec-
tionable to the members of the committee having
chargl of the bill. Those with whom I have had
the opportunity of conferring on the subject agree
in its propriety.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.-BLAIR,ofMissouri. The gentleman sets
out upon a faise predicate in this matter. The
bill provides, as I understand it, as the committee
agreed upon at its last session, when the gentle-
man from Illinois himself was present, that the
location of the road shall be determined by actual
survey upon the ground. The company are to
be left free to select the best route across the con-
tinent, between certain degrees of latitude. The
proper loute can only be determined by actual
survey upon the ground, and that discretion we
agreed to leave to the company who are to con-
struct the road.
Mr. ARNOLD. That is very true, and I do
not propose to strike out that provision or inter-
fere with it at all.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, the question of the location of a railroad
across the continent is, as I have said, one that
can only be properly determined by engineers upon
the ground. And when it is determined at what
point it will cross the Rocky mountains, that will
determine the point at which it will strike the one
hundred and second meridian of longitude. That,
I think, was by a vote of the committee incorpo-
rated into the bill. I have not looked at the bill
very carefully at that point, but my recollection is
that such were the instructions of the committee,
that the point at which the road should strike the
one hundred and second meridian of longitude
was to be determined by the route of the railroad
through the Rocky mountains, and that can only
be determined by actual survey.
Mr. ALDRICH. The bill we are voting upon
does not contain any such provision.
Mr. SARGENT. We intend it shall contain it.
Mr. ALDRICH. This is not the bill upon
which the committee on the Pacific railroad finally
determined,and I would suggest that we substitute
that bill for the one we are voting upon.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
well awaie what was the determination of the
committee in this respect.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 propose to vote, when the
time comes, for the very amendment to which the
gentleman alludes, and the amendment which I
have now offered only carries out the idea that the
terminus of the road shall be at such a point as
from actual survey shall be found to be the best
for the interests of the road and for the interests of
the country, and of course that must be determ-
ined, to a great extent, by the point at which the
road crosses the Rocky mountains.
Mr. BLAIRfof Missouri. I repeat that that
is provided for by theamendment which thecom-
mittee on the Pacific railroad ordered to be incor-
porated in the bill, an amendment which received
the sanction of the entire committee; and it seems
to me that the amendment the gentleman now pro-
poses is not only entirely unnecessary, but it looks
also to another object which ought not to be sanc-
tioned by the House.
I am in favor of locating this route by the sur-
veys to be made through the Rocky mountains.
I do not care where it goes so that we get the best
route through the mountains. When we have
determined that, the local routes can conform to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish the gentleman would
withdraw the motion for a moment, to allow me
to offer an amendment to perfect this section.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The committee can determine
whether they want to rise or not.
Mr. STEVENS. I will renew the motion, I
will occupy but a moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask for a vote upon my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Crisfield reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the special order, being a bill (H. R. No. 364") to
aid in constructing a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (H.
R. No. 406) for the relief of Francis Huttmann;
when the Speaker signed the same.
REBEL BARBARITIES.
Mr. GOOCH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution, which was read, and
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ther« be printed for the use of the House
fifty thousand copies of the leport of tlie joint committee
on the conduct of the war, submitted to the Senate on the
30th of April, in response to a resolution of the Senate di-
recting it to collect evidence ia regard to the barbaious
treatment by the rebel* of the remains of the Union soldiers
killed at the battle of Bull Run.
And then, on motion of Mr. GURLEY, (at four
o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned. 
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 2, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HARLAN presented six petitions from
citizens of Iowa, praying for the construction of
a ship canal from Lake Michigan to the Missis-
sippi river: which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented two petitions from citizens
of Linn county, Iowa, praying for the abolition
of slavery; which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, piviying for the confiscation of the prop-
erty of traitors; which were ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
zens of Ohio, praying for the abolition of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the-bill (H.R.
No. 407) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the name of the vessel John Faroa
to Excelsior, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 62) authorizing and directing the -Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the location of the
light vessel on Eel Grass Shoals, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of David Ogden and others,
praying that the owners of ships or vessels may
be refunded moneys alleged to have been illegally
exacted of them by collectors of the customs for
constructive permitsfortheexamination and land-
ing of the baggage of passengers, under the forty-
sixth section of the act of 2d of March, 1799,
reported adversely thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethkridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 177) for the
relief of Sylvester Crooks.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following hilly; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 44(>) supplementary to an act ap-
proved on the 13th July, 3861, entitled "An act
to provide for the collection of duties on imports
ana for other purposes;" and
A bill (No. 447) for the relief of Horace M.
Hieskell, a paymaster in the United States Army.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 124) relating to highways in
the county of Washington and District of Colum-
bia, and it was signed by the President pro tem-
pore.
r bills become laws.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on"the ^Isr orXpYifar^^
establish a branch of the Mint of the United States
at Denver, in the Territory of Colorado^ anfffdTT^
the 24th of April a joint resolution 'fEt. ^o.
67) to supply the Smithsonian Institution with
volumes of Wilkes's Exploring Expedition.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States transmitting a petition of citizens of
Oregon and of Washington Territory,anda report
of the Third Auditor of the Treasury, in relation
to the Indian war claims in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territory; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
ARREST OF GENERAL STONE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate the following message:
Executive Mansion, Washington,
May 1,1862.
To the Scnule of the United States;
In answe-r to the resolution of the Senate in relation to
Brigadier General Stone, I have the honor to state that he
was arrested and imprisoned under my general authority,
n.ui upon evidence which, whether he be guilty or inno-
cent, requited, as appears to me, such pioceeding^tobe had
against bun for the public safety. I deem it incompatible
with the public inteiCftj as also, perhaps, unjust to General
Stone, to make a more particular statement oi the evidence.
Ho has not been tried because, in the state of military op-
erations at the time of his arrest and since, the officers to
constitute a couit-maitial and for witnesses eould not be
withdrawn from duty without serious injury to the service.
He will be allowed a tt ial without any unnecessary delay ;
the charges and specifications will be fuim-hed him m due
season, and every facility for his defense will be afforded
him by the War Department.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
The message was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by uuanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Secretary of War be, and he is here-
