1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
For third of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the tribe may select to be then-
head chief, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
jFlatfieads and other Confederated Tribes.
For third installmen ton onehundred and twenty
thousand dollars for beneficial objects, at the dis-
cretion of the President, per fourth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
six thousand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, keeping
in repair the buildings, and providing suitable
furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth articlc
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for providing
suitable instructors therefor, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', and wagon and plow makers'shops, and
providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of two farmers, two millers, one black-
smith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand four hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnishing
the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings required for the various em-
ployes, and furnishing necessary furniture there-
for, per fifth aitide treaty sixteenth July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the pay of
each of the head chiefs of the Flathead, Kootenay,
and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, fifteen hundred dollars.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in JMid-
dip Oregon.
For third of five installments of eight thousand
dollars for beneficial objects, at the discretion of
the President, per second article treaty twenty-
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For third of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for pay and
subsistence of one physician, one sawyer, one
miller, one superintendent of farming operations,
and one school teacher, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five thousand six hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for payment
of salary to the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
Mold Indians.
For third often installments for keeping in re-
pair saw and flouring mills, and for the pay of
necessary employes, the benefits of which to be
shared alike by all the confederated bands, per
second article treaty twenty-first December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, one* thousand five
hundred dollars.
For third of five installments (ih addition to the
installments specified in the treaty of twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with
the Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua valley)
for furnishing iron and steel and other materials
for the smith and tin shops provided for in said
treaty, and for the pay of the necessary mechan-
ics, per second article treaty twenty-first Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For third of ten installments for the pay of a
carpenter and joiner to aid in erecting buildings
and making furniture for said Indians, and to fur-
nish tools in said service, per second article treaty
twenty-first December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual labor school, for
all necessary materials therefor, and for the sub-
sistence of the pupils, per sccond article treaty
twenty-first December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For third of five installments for the pay of an
additional farmer, per second article treaty twenty-
first December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight hundred dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
For third installment on twenty-five thousand
dollars for beneficial objects, under the direction
of the President, per fourth article treaty first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two thou-
sand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and for
pay of suitable instructors, per tenth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for support of
smith and carpenter shop,, and to provide the ne-
cessary tools therefor, per tenth article treaty first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and
a physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per tenth article treaty first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five,four thousand six hundred
dollars. S'Klallams.
For third installment on sixty thousand dollars,
under the direction of the President, per fifth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five thousand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and for
pay of suitable teachers, pereleventh article treaty
twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundredandfifty-
five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a
physician who shall furnish medicines for the sick,
per eleventh article treaty twenty-sixth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand six
hundred dollars.
Indian Service in New Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in New Mexico, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes,
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
life, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, fifty thousand dollars.
Indian service in the District of Country leased
from the Choctaws for the Indians lately residing
in Texas.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements and stock; pay
of necessary employes; purchase of clothing, med-
icine, iron, and steel; establishment and main-
tenance of schools, and building houses for the
Indians lately residing in Texas, in lieu of those
abandoned in that State, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty-
two thousand eight hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars.
For the Wichitas and other affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing said bands with agricultural imple-
ments and stock, pay of necessary employes, pur-
chase of clothing, medicines, iron, and steel, and
maintenance of schools, and building agency
houses, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, thirty-seven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Indian service in California.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in California, including traveling ex-
penses of the superintending agents, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
^Miscellaneous.
For transportation, and neccssary expenses of
the delivery of Pawnee, Ponca, and Ynnc.ton Sioux
annuity goods and provisions, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For transportation, and necessary expenses of
the delivery of annuities and provisions to the In-
dian tribes in Minnesota ana Michigan, twenty
thousand three hundred and fifty dollars and sixty-
two ccnts.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuity goods to the Blackfect Indians for the
year, seventeen thousand dollars.
For transportation and necessary expenses of
the delivery of annuities and provisions to the
Chippewas of Lake Superior, five thousand seven
hundred and sixty-two dollars and sixty-three
cents.
For transportation and neccssary expenses of
the delivery annuities and provisions to the
Chippewas of the Mississippi, three thousand
eight hundred and eighty-six dollars and seventy-
five cents.
Forcompensation of five extra clerks employed
in the Indian Office, under the act of fifth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and under appro-
priations made from year to year, seven thousand
dollars.
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian
office, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
carry out the regulations prescribed to give effect
to the seventh section of the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty
lands to Indians, fourteen hundred dollars.
For compensation of two extra clerks in the In-
dian office, employed to carry out the treaty with
the Chickasaws in the adjustment of their claims,
two thousand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses attending the vaccination of In-
dians, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the payment to the Shawnecs of the residue
of se\en hundred thousand dollars, to be paid
after the termination of (he seven years stipulated
for in the third article of the treaty of tenth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eighty-nine thou-
sand dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua Vqlley.
For the first and second installments of the sec-
ond scries of annuities of two thousand tin ee hun-
dred dollars each, not heretofore asked for, for
beneficial objects, to be expended as directed by the
President, four thousand six hundred dollars.
For medallions of the Piesident of the United
States for distribution to Indian tribes, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Oregon and Washington Territory,
including insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and presents, (where no special provision
therefor is made by treaties,) and office and trav-
eling expenses of the superintendent and sub-
agents, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians in Oregon and Washington
Territory (not parties to any treaty) and for pay
of necessary employes, fifty thousand dollars:
Provided, That all appropriations heretofore or
hereafter made to carry into effect treaty stipula-
tions, or otherwise, in behalf of any tribe or tribes
of Indians, all or any portion of whom shall be in
a state of actual hostility to the Government of the
United States, including the Cherokees, Creeks,
Choctaws, Chickasaws, Seminoles, Wichitas,
and other affiliated tribes, may and shall be sus-
pended and postponed wholly or in part at and
during the discretion and pleasure of the Presi-
dent: Provided further, That the President is
authorized to expend such pan of the amount
heretofore appropriated and not expended and
hereinbefore appropriated for the benefit of the
tribes named in the preceding proviso as he may
deem necessary, for the reliefand support of such
individual members of said tribes as have been
driven from their homes and reduced to want on
