1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
001
So the; committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mallory reported that the
Committee oftlio Whole on the state of the Union
had,according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration,*and particularly House bill
No. 240, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto; and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that all debate
upon the amendment under consideration in com-
mittee be closed i'i one minute after its considera-
tion shall be again resumed in committee.
The moiion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Malloiiy in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Sen-
ate amendments to the Treasury note bill.
The question being upon the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Window,
Mr. WINDOM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Alley, and
Steele, of New York, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 57.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
the Senate; and being taken, the Senate amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the remaining amend-
ments of the Senate are all merely verbal in their
character. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend that they he concurred in, and I hope
the vote may be taken upon all at once.
There being no objection, the remaining amend-
ments were concurred in in gross.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the commit-
tee rise, and report the bill and amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mallory reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No.240, to authorize the issue of United States
notes and for the ledcniption or funding thereof
and for funding the floating debt ot the United
States, with the amendments of the Senate thereto,
and had instructed him to report the same to the
House, with the recommendation that some of
the amendments be concurred in, otheis non-con-
cuired in, and that one be concurred in with an
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I now propose to offer a sin-
gle amendment, so that there may be a vote upon
it, call the prcvious^question, and when it shall
have been ordered, postpone further action upon
the bill until to-morrow. .
I move to amend, after the word " notes, in
the twenty-seventh line of the first section, by
inserting as follows:
And payments to be made to officers, soldiers, and sailors
in the Army and Nuvy of the United States, and for all sup -
plies purchased toi the scud Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 make the same point
of order I did m the committee, that that amend-
ment is not relevant to the Senate amendment, and
therefore not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. It is certainly relevant, lhe
Senate amendment makes certain exceptions, and
my amendment merely enlarges the list of excep-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see why
the amendment is not germane.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I should be glad to give
some reasons why it is not germane.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no. T object to any de-
bate. i demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVEiNS. 1 .suppose if the House ad-
journs now, tins will come up as unfinished busi-
ness to-nvirrow.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at,
twenty minutes pastfivo o'clock, p. m.)the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 20, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT si-ned the following
enrolled bills, which had previously received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives:
A bill (S. No. 112) to authorize a change of ap-
propriation for the payment of necessary expend-
itures in the service of the United States for Indian
affairs;
A bill (S. No. 141) making appropriations for
the signal service of the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 156) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense,
for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June,1862;
A joint resolution (S. No. 39) providing a ste-
nographer for the joint committee appointed to
inquire into the conduct of the war;
A joint resolution (S. No. 44) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Samuel P. Dupont,
and officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines,
under his command, for the victory at Port Royal;
A joint resolution (S. No. 49) for the relief of
the loyal portion of the Creek, Seminole, Chicka-
saw, and Choctaw Indians; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 51) giving the thanks
of Congress to the officers, soldiers, and seamen
of the Army and Navy, for their gallantry in the
recent brilliant victories over the enemies of the
Union and the Constitution.
ILLUMINATION OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The bill (H. R. No. 286) making an appropri-
ation to illuminate the public buildings, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the bill be put
on its passage at once.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to appropriate $1,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings to carry out the order of Congress
for the illumination of the public buildings on the
22d of February, 1862.
Mr. ANTHONY. The CommissionerofPub-
lic Buildings asked for an appropriation of $5,000
for this purpose. It has been cut down by the
House of Representatives to $1,000, and so passed
that body. If we are to carry out the resolution,
of course it is necessary that the bill should be
passed immediately.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered-to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of John R.
Joy, of Exeter, m the county of Buckingham,
State of New Hampshire, praying for an addi-
tional pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Cap-
tain B. McMahon, praying for compensation as
instructor and riding master to the first Missoun
cavalry, under the appointment of General Fre-
mont; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying for the total abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the total abolition of slavery throughout the coun-
try; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition ot citizens of
Holden, Massachusetts, praying for the entire
removal of American slavery; which was ordered
j to lie on the table.
: Mr. CARLILE presented the petition of P. R.
1 Fendallj J. M. Carlisle, Johnson Hellen, R. S.
! Coxe, W. J. Stone, and others, citizens of Wash-
i ington city, District of Columbia, praying that
i Congress "will not allow the construction, of
! wooden buildings for hospitals in the center ot
I the city, and that the location of hospital huild-
: in^s be* made with a due regard to the health ot
the citizens; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. . - •
PURCHASE OF INDIAN LANDS IN MINNESOTA,
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the" following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Tndian Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of holding: a council and
making a treat}' with the Chippewa Indians, in northern
Minnesota, with a view to the purchase of <.i pait of.their
lands in that State; ami that said committee report by bili
or otherwise.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. POWELL..
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the .following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed:
Wbeieas Lazarus W. Poweli*. a Senator from the State
of Kentucky, after eleven States had published their ordi-
nances of secession, by which to sever themselves from the
Government of ilie United States, had fortned a confed-
eration and provibional government, and made war upon
the United States, did, on the 20th day of Jane last, at the
city of Uendeison, in-the State of Kentucky, attend a
large southern State rights convention, over which he was
called to and did preside; and on taking his? seat as presi-
dent thereof, made a speech, in which he stated the object
of said convention, and then appointed a committee, which
reported to said convention a long series of resolutions
that were unanimously adopted by it. Among those reso-
lution? are the following:
"2. That the war being now waged by the Federal Ad
ministration against the southern States is in violation of
the Constitution and law?, and has already been attended
with such stupendous usurpations as to amaze the wot Id,
and endawzor every safeguard of constitutional liberty.
" That the lecall" of the invading armies, and 1 he recog-
nition of the separate independence of the confederate
States, is The nue policy to restore peaccand preserve the
relations of ftatetnal Jove and amity between the States."
'f6. That we heartily approve the refusal of Governor
Magoffin to ftirm h Kentucky troops to subjugate the South;
and we coidially indorse his recent proclamation defining
the position of Kentucky in accoidance with the sentiments
of her people, and lbi bidding the invasion of Kentucky by
Fcdcial or confederate troops.
i£7. That although Kentucky has determined that her
propei position at present is that of strict neutrality between
the beiligeient sections, yet, it cither of them invade her
boil agdinM hei will, she ought to rcccnt and repel it by no
ces^aiv foice."
The pith of Governor MagoffinV proclamation, which
that convention so cordially approved, is embodied in this
paragiaph:
" 1 hereby notify and warn all other States, separate or
united, especially the United and confedeiatc States, that I
solemnly loibid any movement upon Kentucky soil, or oc-
cupation of any pair or place therein for any piu pose what-
evei, until authouacd by invitation or permission of the
Legislature and executive authorities. 1 especially forbid
all citizens of Kentucky, whether in the State guard, or
otherwise, fiom making any hostile demonstration agambt
any of the aforesaid sovereignties, to be obedient to theoi-
deis of lawful authoiitic&, to lemaiu quietly and peaceably
at home when oft* of military duty, and refiain from all
wokK and acts likely to piovoko a collision, and so other-
wise to conduct themselves that the deplorable calamity of
invasion may be averted ; but, in the mean time, to make
piompt and efficient preparation to assume the paramount
and supreme law of self-defense, and strictly of self-defense
alone."
The closing speech ot this convention was made by Sen-
ator Powell, and the resolutions passed by it, and a sum-
maiy statement of its pi acceding* signed by him at> it*, presi-
dent On the 10th ofSeptembci last,while the Legislature, ot
Kentucky was in session in the town of Fiankfort,and after
her teintory had been invaded at tvvodistinct points by the
cont'cdeiate armies, and while Humphrey Maibtiall was em-
ploy ed in oigamzingand drilling an armed body of rebels in
the" contiguous county of Owen, a laige southern Slate
rights convention assembled and held its sessions in Frank-
fort for the apparent puipose of oveiaweing the Legislature,
controlling its deliberations, and detemng it from pav-ing
measures to support the Union and the Government ot the
United States. La/,.uu;i w. Toweli, wasadelogate to that
convention fiom the county of Henderson, and was. ap-
pointed on its committee of resolutions. Among othei res-
olution-, that committee imported these:
"Rewired, That evciy matcual interest of Kentucky, as
well as the higher dictates ot patriotism, demand that peace
should b«; maintained withm her !>ordeis,and this conven-
tion .solemnly pledges the hoiioi of it-s inenibeis to do all in
their povvci to piomote this end.
" -2. That it i- the dehbeiate sen^e of this convention, and,
it is believed, of an ovei whelming majorit) of the people
of Kentucky, that the be&r, and perhaps the only, mode of
eiTecting this' gieat obiect, is by adhering strictly, rigidl\,_
and impartially to her chosen and oft declatcd position ot
neutiaiit} during the existence of the di plmablo war now
rasjiu,T between the sections. taknvj titles neither with tin*
Government 1101 with the acceding States, and declaring het
soil niUft be preserved inviolate iiom the aimed occupation
w 9. That we cniv-ider it incompatible with the ncuuahty
avow
th
'owed by Kentucky to vote mou^y for the prosceutinu of
<  civjl war or to tax the people of the Suite or augment
its debt, for a purpose bO unwise, and foi a cause so hope-
ie-sas the military subjugation of the conicdeiate otatco. '
This was a convention of mon intrude
,uul «•*- attended l.y John <-■ B.e.'kn.n.fge and man> <>f t > .
leader* of thai party from generally over the btate. u il-
ium P.eston in d K. W. Woolcy, Etqs., made speeches U)
itt ftaugM Witll the rankest treason, and denouncing the
