394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
31th Cosg....2d Sjess.
Laws of the United States.
account of their friendship to the Government.
And an account shall be kept of the sums so paid
for the benefit of such tribe, which account shall
be rendered to Congress at the commencement of
the next session thereof. And all purchases of
articles for the purposes above set forth, shall be
made on advei tisement, as provided in other cases,
and an account shall be rendered of all such pur-
Chases, with a statement of the prices paid there-
for: And provided further, That in cases where
the tribal organization of any Indian tribe shall
be in actual hostility to the United States, the
President is hereby authorized, by proclamation,
to declare all treaties with such tribe to be abro-
gated by such tribe, if, in his opinion, the same
can be done consistently with good faith and legal
and national obligations.
To carry into effect the treaty of February eigh-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, with
Arapahoes and Cheyenne Indians of the
Upper Aikansas river, viz:
For surveying the exterior of the reservation,
and dividing the same between the two tribes, es-
timated to be three hundred and fifty miles, at an
expense of ten dollars per mile for surveying,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For the first of fifteen installments of annuity of
thirty thousand dollars, to be expended for their
benefit, that is to say,fifteen thousand dollars pet-
annum for each tribe, commencing with the year
in which they shall remove to and settle upon
their reservations, for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, thirty
" thousand dollars.
_ Also for the same object for the fiscal year end-
ing J une thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
thirty thousand dollars.
For transportation and necessary expenses of
delivering of annuities, goods, and provisions to
the Arapahoes and Cheyenne Indians of the Up-
per Arkansas river for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, five thou-
sand dollars.
. Also for the same object for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirty,eighteenhundred and sixty-three,
live thousand dollars.
For the purpose of negotiating a treaty with the
Ohippewas of northern Minnesota, and the extin-
guishing of their title to the lands in that vicinity,
or so much thereof as may be needed for that pur-
pose, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, fifteen thousand dol-
iars.
For defraying; the expenses of negotiating a
treaty with the Shoshonees or Snake Indians,'or
so much thcreofas may be needed, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, twenty thousand dollars.
For amount in the hands of late agent W. W.
Dennison, unaccounted for, belonging to the Ot-
toesand Missourias, eighteen thousand nine hun-
dred and seventy dollais and seven cents.
For deficiency in the contingent fund of the In-
dian department for the balance of the half year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, ten thousand dollars.
See 2. And be it further enacted, That after the
end oi the present fiscal year the salary of the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for the northern and
for tne southern districts of California shall be
three thousand dollars.
• Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sum
ot forty thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated to enable the President to negotiate
a tieat y with the IN ez Perce Indians of Oregon and
Washington I erntory, for the relinquishment of
a portion or ail of their present reservation, or its
exchange for other lands.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That under
any of the appropriations contained in this act for
the purpose of negotiating treaties, there shall be
no new engagements entered into to pay monevs
to any Indian tribe; that all payments to be made
under such treaties shall be made in specific arti-
cles of clothing and agricultural implements.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
no goods snail be purchased by the Indian De-
partment, or its agents, for any tribe, except upon
the written requisition of the superintendent in
Charge of the tube, and only upon public bids in
the mode prescribed by law for the purchase of
other supplies.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, directed
to cause settlements to be made with all persons
appointed by Indian councils to receive moneys
due to incompetent or orphan Indians, and to re-
quire all moneys found to be duo to said incom-
petent or orphan Indians to be returned to the
Treasury of the United States; and all moneys
so returned shall bear an interest at the rate of six
per centum per annum, until paid by order of the
Secretary of the Interior to those entitled to the
same; and no money shall hereafter be paid to any
person or persons appointed by any Indian council
to receive moneys due to incompetent or orphan
Indians, but the same shall remain in the Treas-
ury of the United States until ordered to be paid
by the said S'eeretdiy to those entitled to receive
the same, and shall bear six per centum interest
until so paid.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, in like
manner, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the In-
dian service in California:
For salaries of clerks to superintendents of In-
dian affairs for the northern and southern dis-
tricts of California, for three quarters of the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, at eighteen hundred dollars per annum,
twenty-seven hundred dollars.
For the same service for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
at one thousand five hundred dpllars per annum,
three thousand dollars.
For compensation of five supervisors for the
reservations in California, to instruct the Indians
in husbandry, for fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, authorized by
act of June nineteen, eighteen hundred and sixty,
nine thousand dollars.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and farm-
ing tools for Indians, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for
the northern district of California, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the same for the southern district of Cali-
fornia,for the fiscal year ending Jurre thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, fifteen thousand
dollars: Provided, That the Secretary of the In-
ferior is hereby authorized and directed to inquire i
into the expediency of ieducing the Indian reser- '
vations in California to two in number; theproper
places foe the same; the probable expense there-
of; the propriety of disposingof any of the reser-
vations, and the value thereof, and of the property
thereon; of the manner and terms of such dis-
posal; and, in what manner, in his judgment, the
expense of the Indian department in that State
can be reduced and its system simplified without
injury to the same, and report thereon to the next
regular session of Congress.
Approved, July 5, 1862.
of suits against the sureties of postmasters by the
third section of the act of Congress, entitled "An
act to reduce into one the several acts establishing
and regulating the Post Orlice Department," ap-
proved March third, one thousand ei;,'bt hundred
and twenty-five, shall not be considered as run-
ning in any State or part thereof, the inhabitants
whereof have been by proclamation of the Presi-
dent declared in a stateof insurrection, during the
time the insurrection shall continue.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, Thatanyoath
required by law to be taken by any contractor,
postmaster, clerk, or employe of the Post Office
Department, in any part of the United States men-
tioned in the preceding section, may be taken be-
fore any officer, civil or military, holding a com-
mission under the United States, and such officer is
hereby authorized to administer and certify such
oath.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
^XXXVIII.—-An Act to grant the right
of Preemption to Settlers on certain Lots in
Wisconsin.
He it enacted hj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of th'e United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
.Land Office be, and he is hereby, directed to cause
survey to oe made of that portion of lots numbered
ten and eleven, lying east of the River au Diable,
ill township twenty-three north, of range twenty-
one east, m the State of Wisconsin, Ind which
portion was not embraced by the confirmatory
piovisions of the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary twenty-one, eighteen hundred and twenty-
three, entitled "An act to revive and continue m
force certain acts for the adjustment of land claims
in the Territory of A'lichi^nn."
Approved, July 1], 1S6;2. '
Chap. CXL.—An Act to carry into effect the
Treaty between the United States and Her Bri-
tannic Majesty for the Suppression of the Af-
rican Slave Trade.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That to carry into effect the provisions
of the treaty between the United States and Her
Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the Af-
rican slave trade, the President be, and he is
hereby, authorized to nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate to appoint,
a judge, and also an arbitrator on the part of the
United States to reside at New York; a judge and
also an arbitrator to reside at Sierra Leone; and
a judge and also an arbitrator to reside at the Cape
of Good Hope.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the said
judge at JNew York shall be paid at the rate of
two thousand live hundred dollars, and the said
arbitrator there at the rate of one thousand dol-
lars a year, and the said judges at Sierra Leone
and the Cape of Good Hope shall be paid at the
rate of two thousand five hundred dollars a year,
respectively, and the said arbitrators at these two
places at the rate of two thousand dollars a year,
respectively, the said salaries to begin with the
acceptance of their commissions by the said judsrts
and arbitrators respectively.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthejudge
of the court at New York, whose appon^ment is
authorized by this act, shall have power to ap-
point a clerk or registrar to the said court, who
shall receive such fees for Ins services as are al-
lowed by law to the clerk of the court of the Uni-
ted States for the southern district of New York
for similar services; and it shall bo the duty of the
marshal of the southern district of Now York,
and he is hereby, authorized to serve all processes'
and execute all orders and decrees of the said
court, for which he shall be allowed fees in the
discretion of the judge of the said court.
Sf.c. 4. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts of Congress inconsistent wiih
the stipulations of the treaty aforesaid and with
the present act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CXXXIX—An Act in relation to the
■r ost Ornce Department,
Se tt enacted by the Senute and House of Repre-
sentatives ojHie United States of America in Confess
assembled, Tkat the time fixed for the limitation
Chap CXLT.— An Act for the Relief of the
Widows and Orphans of the Officers, Seamen
and Marines of the United States Ships Cum-
berland and Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ifovsc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlnia icarn Congress
assembled, I hat the widow, or child, or children,
and m case there shall be no widow, or child, or
children, then the parent or parents, and if there
be no parents, the brothers ant] sisters of die offi-
cers, seamen, and marines, and others in boruce
who were lost in the United States ships Cumber-
land and Congress, including: captains' c.'cjKs,
shall be entitled to and shall receive, out of anv
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, a sum equal to twelve months' pay of their
respective deceased relations aforesaid, in addition
to the pay duo to the said deceased at the date of
the Joss of said vessels.
ArpRovED, July 1], jgfj;}.
