2874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J une 23,
struck out, the pay of the assessors having been
increased by another amendment of the Senate.
The Senate recede from the one hundred and third
amendment, which is a provision allowing five per
cent, for leakage, evaporation, &c., on spirits
transported from the place of distillation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator, and ask what is the recommendation
about leakage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate put in a pro-
vision making an allowance of five per cent, for
leakage. We recede from that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is nothing allowed now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing. The Senate re-
cede from amendment No. 173g. The Senate
struck out certain words,giving the Secretary of
the Treasury supervision over the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue m certain eases. The com-
mittee thought it was not woith while to strike
out those words.
I pass over the second amendment from which
the Senate recede; it is merely a verbal amend-
ment in regard to the collection districts.
The Senate recede from the two hundred and
twentieth amendment, which was striking out the
duty of three pei' cent, on furs. It was doubtful
whether they weie riot included in the general
provision as to the three per cent., and it was
struck out, because it was thought it might come
in under the genetal provision; but that being
doubtful, we retained the clause imposing the spe-
cial tax.
The Senate rcccde from the two hundred and
thirty-fourth, two hundred and thirty-fifth, two
hundred and thirty-sixth, and two .hundred and
thirty-seventh amendments, which were in regard
to auction sales, they being placed hack af one
tenth of one per cent., as in the original bill.
The Senate also recede from the two hundred and
fortieth amendment laying a tax on plate and bil-
liard tables. We, however, retain the original
tax put on by the House of Representatives, very
nearly.
The Senate rcccde from the two hundred and
fifty-second amendment, which exempted the sur-
plus fund of the banks from paying the three per
cent. tax.
The Senate recede from the two hundred and
fifty-foui th amendment, which was a similar pro-
viso in regard to savings banks.
The three hundred and ninth, three hundred
and tenth, and three hundred and eleventh amend-
ments, from which the Senate recede, are merely
vet bal.
Then the House recede from their disagree-
ment to the Senate's third amendment, so far us
it proposed to strike out the words " in Con-
gress." The third amendment substituted the
Thirty-Eighth for the Thirty-Seventh Congress
in reference to the number of distiic's. The
House agree to the words we propose to inseit,
substituting for the woids £t in theThii ty-Eighth
Congress," the words:
In the present Confess, except 111 ^ueli hr'tat*1* as aie en-
titled to an lepieseniatton hi the TniiT-K.^tith
Co.ioio**, jn u-.'im h tlio number-)! (liquet- . half nor,
exceed the number of Jlep!eM'iitative3 to v\ inch nnv .-noh
tftate ma y ly> f-o eutiii-d : ..2n? pro tided fuithc,\ That m
the State of U-ihfoinin the {V^idcnt may' establish a mim-
bci of dl-tif^ not exceeding the mi-isbn of Ignatius ami
Ke}tre«cjtatrA to winch said tiiato is entitled in the pres-
ent Cofi£ie.->fc.
The Senate will perceive the cfFectof that amend- i
ment; the result is that the number of collection :
districts is to be the same as the number of Rep- !
re&entativcH in the prevent, which is the Thirty-
S'^enth Congress, except in Slates where the
number of R-'prespntatives is increased , end mak-
ing a soeciai provision in repaid to California.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment, and agrcj to the same :
With an amendment, as follows: strike out" July''
and inoei r " August."
They recede fiom tlfirdisagrecnrmt to the Sen-
ate's nineteenth amendm"nt,and agree to the same
with the .same amendment. ;
I he House  <>';ede tro-n their disagreement to J
the Senate's* forty-' ighth amendment and a^iee '
to the same wth rm amendment to strdre out ail
afn-r the wnul "that," in the first line of .said !
amendment down to and including the word "act " I
in UK! thud hue, and insert ni lieu theioof: |
! ■) <ui\ ens-' v. iH-!'"1 good-, chatuK. Of * U'eei .s snt'iei -.it to
t-ao-jly the din ie^ nm;o5ed l v tin-- act upon any pee-on liable \
to p ?y the c-amc ^hali not b-. found by "he eoiiecioi or depu'y I
collector wbo^* duty it may bw, to c«*li 3ct tht. ^arno, lie is i
lieieby authorized to collect the same by seizure and sale
of real estate.
On examination, it was found that there was
no sufficient provision authorizing the seizure of
real estate, and for that reason ttie section was
amended so as to give the specific power, and
throughout that section we have struck out the
woids " distrain" and " distrained," and inserted
" seize and sell" and " seized and sold;"it being
not exactly a legal phrase to talk about distrain-
ing on real estate. Then, at the end we make a
provision to meet the supposed difficulty that
there was with regard to getting a record of such
sales, in these words:
And it shall be the duty of every collects to keep an ac-
count of all sales of land made in Ins collection district,
whether by himself or his deputies, together with the dates
of seizure and sale, the name of the party o^sesspd, and ail
proceedings in making s.a:d *ale, the amount of fees and
expenses,"the name ot the puichaser, the dateot thedeed,
which record shall bo ceitified by tiie officer making the
same ; and it shall be tiie duty of'anv deputy making sale
as aforesaid, to return a statement of all ins pioccedmgs to
the collector, and certify the reeoid thereof; and in case of
the death or removal of the collector, 01 the expiration of
his term, the said record shall be deposited in the office of
the cleik of the distiictcoiiitof the United States tor the
distuct in which said collector resides, and a copy of bucli
record *hall be evidence of the truth of the facts stated
therein; and when any lands sold as aioiesaid shall be re-
deemed, as herein piovided, the collector or cleik, as the
ease may be, shall make an entry of the facts aforesaid,
and such entry shall be evidence of such redemption ; and
the claim of the Governmentto land soid undei the pro-
visions of this act shall be held to acciue at the time of
the seizure thereof.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's fiftieth amendment, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: after the
woid 4'aforesaid,''in line seventeen, insert in place
of the words stucken out the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is amhoiized to-des-
ignate one or more depositation lor the deposit and safe-
keeping of the moneys collected by virtue ot tins act; and
tiie iceeipt of tiie ptoper officer to the collectoi foi money
deposited by iuin shall be a sufficient vouchei for said col-
lector in tiie settlement of lus accounts at the Tieasiuy
Department; and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may, under the direction of the Secretary of theTieasury,
ptCftCiibe such icguiations m reference to such deposits as
lie in iy deem nceessaiy.
Jtis the same piovision thai was in the original
tax bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Arc the depositaries disburs-
ing agents to pay interest?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing is said about
that.
Mr. SIMMON'S. That was in the old bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House recede from
then-disagreement to tiie sixty-fourth amendment
with an amend me tit striking out "one "and insert-
ing "two. "That is an increase of the pay of the col-
lectors, giving them two percent, upon the amount
collected ovei £.100,000. The House recede fiom
their disagreement to the sixty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with an
amendment insetting the words "except as here-
inatter provided." That is merely veibal. The
House lecede from their disagreement to the six-
ty-eighth amendment,and agtee to the same with
amendments as follows: in line nineteen strike
out "for deputies;" insert after the word "dis-
trict,' 5 m the twentieth line, the words "or from the
amount of internal duties collected;" and add at
the end of the amendment, " but the whole com-
pensation shall not exceed §10,000, exceptm col-
icetion disti ict'3 embiacmg more than one con-
giessional district." The Secretary of the Treas-
uiy supposes that in some cases, as in the large
cities, it may be advisable to make one collection
distnct of two or moie congressional districts—
in the city of A'ew York, for instance—and in
that case it may be necessary to increase the com -
pensauon : and wo have aiiowed an increase even
above £>10,000 in such a case. Tins comes in as j
an amendment to an amendment which gave him
the power to increase the pay of tiie deputies of 1
C"li ctors. This allows linn to give the collector
an nieieastd compensation, and he is required to ■
appoint ms own deputy. ]
ihe House recede from their disagreement to i
the eighty-aixth amendment of the^Senate, and \
e to thf same wall an amendment stiiking out ;
"Jul}'" and inserting "August;" theic are many ;
of i hese, and We rnu ice these alt u at 10 nsso as to put
the act in op'-uition from the 1st of August,
The I [oi'-;e re<a do hom t heir disagreement to the .
niuety~fiu>t amendment of the Semue,and agtee to :
the samii with an amendment striking out "July •' '
and inserting !JAuiruf.t." I
The House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fourth amendment of the
Senate with an amendment, as follows: in the fif-
teenth and sixteenth lines strike out the words
" from which amount the allowance fixed by this
act for evaporation and waste shall be deducted,"
and insert" shail require further security." That
is rendered necessary by the striking out of the
clause making an allowance for evaporation.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and tenth amendment, with an
amendment striking out "July" and inserting
"August." &
The one hundred and fourteenth amendment is
disposed of in the same way.
The next is a little amendment for the preserva-
tion of a hen, and there being found to be no lien
to be preserved, we strike it out.
The next is to strike out "July" and insert
"August." Tiie next is to strike out "July" and
inseit "August." The next is merely as to the
number of a section. The next is a little amend-
ment of the clause in reference to jugglers, to ren-
der it more certain. The next is to strike out
"July" and insert "August." The next is to
correct a reference to a section. The next is to
strike out "July " and insert "August." The
next is an amendmentto the provision laying a tax
on coal, to add to it:
Provided, That under all contracts for the lease of coal
lands made before tiie 1st day of Apul, 183:2, the lessee shall
pay the tax.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's one hundred and eighty-thii d amend-
ment so far as it proposes to strike out woids, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
stuke out all that is proposed to be inserted. This
is with regard to the duty on rectified spirits; and
that-is disposed of by striking out the House pio-
vision and striking out the Senate's amendment,
so that the article is left with no duty.
The House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's one hundred and eighty-seventh amend-
ment in so far as it proposes to strike out words,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment: strikeoutthe words proposed to be inserted,
and inseit in lieu thcieof the following:
On smoking tobacco picparcd w itli the steins in, valued
at more than thirt> cents per pound, fiiteen cents ; valued
at any sum not exceeding thuty cents pei pound, ten cents.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's one hund red and eighty-eighth amend-
ment, with amendments as follows: in the one
bundled and twenty-seventh line inseit "of;"
strike out " ten" and inseit " five;" and at the
end of the said amendment insert, " on smoking
tobacco made exclusively of stems, two cents per
pound." The result of all that is that the duty
on tobacco, as fixed by the Senate, is reduced to
fifteen, ten, five, and two cents, respectively.
Mr. SIMMONS. On mjnufac.'uied tobacco?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes. There is two cents
on smoking tobacco pie pared exclusively ot stems.
The House recede, ft om their disagreement to the
Senate's one hundred and ninety-second amend-
ment so far as it is proposed to strike out " ten,"
and agree to the same with an amendment strik-
ing out "fifteencents per pound" 111 line one hun-
dsed and thirty-four, and inserting " §1 50 per
thousand." This is with reference to cigars, sub-
stituting a tax upon them per thousand instead of
per pound. It amounts to jusl about the same
thing.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's one hundred and ninety-sixth amend-
ment so far as it is proposed to strike out the
word " twenty," and agree to the same with an
amendment inserting 50 per thousand." This
is pai t of the same proposition.
Then there are put into the list of articles ex-
cepted fiom the three per cent, duty "maps,
ciuuis, charcoal, alcohol made or manufactured
of spirits, or mate-rials upon which the duties im-
posed by this net shall hav^ been paid." The
House recede- troni their disagreement to the two
hundred and thirty-first am^miment of the Senate,
nod agree to the same with the following amend-
ments: in line flstee hundi-, 5 arid seventy-two
strikeout "July" and inseit "\ugusi;" strike
out from the word " except," in line three hun-
dred and seventy-three, to the uou! " manufac-
tured,''in hue three hundred and seventy-four,
inclusive, and insert "and lo such as are manu-
factured and notremoved from the place of manu-
