892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaiy 20,
fiercest war against the United States. lis resolutions were
unanimously adopted, and its business closed with th$fol-
lowing one, offered by Senator Powei£>:
" Resolved; That Colonel William Preston, George W,
Johnson, Esq., General Lucius Desha, Captain Richard
llawes, and Thomas P. Porter, Esq., he, and they are here-
by, appointed a committee of organization, in oider to carry
out the purposes of tins convention ; and full powers are
conferred upon them for that object."
These men were thus commissioned in the cause of
conspiracy, treason, and rebellion. By the warrant given
them, on the motion of Senator Powell, they went forth
and organized, or advised and assisted in the organization
of aimed bands of traitors, and soon thereafter led them
into the confederate camps, wheiethey are yet struggling
to consummate the disruption of the Union, and the over-
throw of the Constitution and laws of the United States.
From the beginning of this great rebellion to the present
time Senator Powell has neither done nor said anything
in Congress or out of Congress to strengthen or sustain the
Unlted'Statcsin this mighty struggle for national life. While
the true and loyal men of his own State were engaged in
an arduous and protracted struggle to bring her to perform
her duty to the nation and its Government, he not only
withheld from them all assistance and sympathy, but gave
to the rebels the moral force of his disloyal position and
opinions, and ail the aid and comfoit which he could render
them short of the commission of technical treason. Ilis pur-
poses, if not ins acts, have been treasonable. Being an ex-
Governor of the State of Kentucky, and one of her Senators
in Congress, Ins example and counsel have doubtless been
potential with hei people, and of mischievous tendency in
other States. Under the false and delusive ery of neutrality
and peace, and the absurd purpose to protect the soil of the
State against invasion fiom the military force of the United
States, he has doubtless asnic-ted to bcduec hundreds and
hundreds from loyalty and duty into rebellion and treason.
He has not supported the Constitution of the United States;
hut he has sounded the chaigc to his recruits, and they have
made the overt attack upon it: Thcriore,
Be it resolved. That the said Lazarus W. Powell be,
and he is hereby, expelled from the Senate.
ARMORY AT ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 39.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (8. No. 19) to
establish a national armory at Rpck Island, m the
State of Illinois, tlTc question being on ordering
the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HOWE, i submit a motion that this bill
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise only to express the hope
and the confident belief that the Senate will not
recommit the bill to another committee than that
from which it emanated. This bill was reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs; and cer-
tainly, if we arc to follow the precedents that have
been established in this body, such a motion will
not prevail, because when a motion was made the
other day to recommit a bill that had come from
a committee of which the Senator from Wisconsin
is himself a member, the Committee on Finance,
to the Committee on Military Affairs, it was re-
garded as rather an aspersion on the Finance Com-
mittee thus to recommit it, and the Senate,by al-
most a unanimous vote, I think, refused to do it.
I do not know but that the Senator who made the
motion, when he saw that the Senate entertained
uunifotm opinion on the subject, witlidiew the
motion; but such was the sentiment of the body
that it ought not to be recommitted to another
com mittee.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have had just
as good an opportunity to investigate this subject
and are presumed to be just as well acquainted
with the subject of the manufacture of arms, as
the Committee on Military Affairs. Indeed, sir,
all the advances that have been made in the man-
ufacture of aims m this country have proceeded
from the Navy Department rather than fiom the
Army Department. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts f Mr. Wilson] smiles as though this were
not so. _Why, sir, your Army is only following
humbly in the steps of the Navy Department in
the manufacture of your large guns. Have you got
anything to compare with the eleven-inch Dahl-
gren gun? Nothing. You have attempted in two
instances to exceed them by the manufacture of
one fourteen-inch gun and one fifteen-inch gun
which you have at Old Point Comfort. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] says 1
am mistaken about it, that one of them is a twelve
and the other ,i fourteen-inch gun.
Mr. CLARK. I have measured them.
Mr. GRIMLb. I hose are the only two in-
stances in which they have exceeded them, where-
as, all your ships of war are armed with nine and
eleven-inch Dahlgren guns. The Senator from
Massachusetts has introduced a bill by which he
proposes to establish a great national foundery,
and I am in favor of it. He proposes to place it
under the control of the Army—that Army which
has not made the progress in the manufacture of
arms that your Navy has. He proposes to place
it under the control of your Army, and to ignore
the Navy that has made such progress in the man-
ufacture of arms. I am content that that foundery
shall be placed under the control of the Army; but
while you do that,you ought notentirely to ignore
the Navy, and you ought not to say to the Naval
Committee that it is incompetent to consider a
question of this kind as well as the Committee on
Military Affairs.
There are different views entertained by differ-
ent ordnance men as to where such an establish-
ment should be located, and where you should
manufacture your arms. Some of the most skillful
men in the Army say that it should be located on
the eastern border of the Atlantic States, for the
reason that they think the best iron for the manu-
facture of ordnance is to be found in the East. On
the other hand, some of the best ordnance officers
in the country say that the best iron for the man-
ufacture of ordnance is to bo found on Lake Su-
perior, and hence that the foundery should be some-
where in that vicinity, or where the ore that can be
procured upon Lake Superior will be accessible to
the foundery. But I want both places to be sup-
plied. I am satisfied that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who seems to smile at the remarks that
I have been making, although a little coy about
taking up this bill and considering it, is anxious to
do the western section of the country that justice
which is due to it. A Senator who represents a
State that has within its borders a navy-yard upon
which millions are expended every year, that has
an armory at Springfield to which we appropriated
for its extension §450,000 at the last extra session,
and I believe they ask for §1,000,000 more, and
some $10,000,000 for ordnance supplies this year;
a State that has an immense arsenal at Watertown,
and with all the public funds that are expended in
that State for divers and sundry pur-poses in con-
nection with the Army and Navy, will not attempt
to deprive the western country of the chance of
having an armory established within her borders.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, it is due to the
Committee on Naval Affairs that I should disclaim
promptly and altogether the idea that in submit-
ting the motion which I have made, I intended
anything like an aspersion or a reflection upon the
Naval Committee. On "the contrary, I have no
sort of question that the Naval Committee is as
competent as tiny other committee, even the Com-
mittee on Finance, to locate an armory or a found-
ery, or to superintend the manufacture of arms.
I had the impression in the beginning that the
War Department was the Department which had
the control of our armories and arsenals, our de-
positories of arms and our manufactories of arms,
such as we have; and that seems to have been an
opinion which prevailed very generally in the Sen-
ate. It has resulted m this peculiar state of things:
during the last session of Congress memorials and
petitions were sent in for the location of armories
at different points, which were referred, some of
them, to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
other petitions and memorials have been sent in
here from time to time on the same subject and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. The
bill before the Senate is a bill which I think was
reported at the last session of Congress. During
the whole of this session memorials have been re-
ceived from a great variety of States and places
which have been, I think, very generally referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. Both these
committees seem to have jurisdiction on the sub-
ject. The Committee on Naval Affairs certainly
lias not acted upon all the light which has been
presented to the Senate. The^Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs cannot act upon all that light unless
they have this bill before them, and the papers
which were submitted to the Committee on Naval
j Affairs. The truth is, the Senate has got astride
of the subject somehow or other; both committees
have obtained jurisdiction, and my only object is
to consolidate the thing. If we can withdraw the
papers from the Military Committee, and icfer
them with this bill back to the Naval Committee,
it will be entirely satisfactory to me; but inasmuch
as these papers have been referred by the almost
uniform action of the Senate to the Committee on
Military Affairs, it seemed to me proper that they
should have a view of the whole case, and, there-
fore, that the bill should go to them. It seems to
me so now. I do not mean to say that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs cannot as properly take
jurisdiction as the Committee on Military Affairs;
but one committee or the #ther should have the
whole subject before it, and should listen to all
sections of the country. It is very evident that
the Committee on Naval Affairs has not had the
opportunity of listening to every section of the
country. 1 have no sort of doubt that it would do
so with as much pleasure as any other committee
if it had the opportunity; but it acted on the sub-
ject before the country was aroused to speak upon
it, and petition Congress in regard to it. For these
reasons, 1 submitted the motion to refer this bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON s of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair will remark that while
he is desirous certainly not to limit discussion, a
question in regard to the order of business does not
open the merits of the pending bill to debate.
Mr. HOWE. 1 was not aware that I had gone
into the merits of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not mean to say that any gentleman has trans-
gressed the rule.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon of the Chair. Is a
motion to refer a bill to a committee a question as
to the order of business ? This is a motion to re-
commit a bill, and it strikes me that that does not
fall within the designation of a question as to the
order of business. It is a motion to recommit a
bill to a different committee—to take if from the
jurisdiction of the Naval Committee and refer it to
the Committee on Military Affairs; and it seems
to me, with all deference to the Chair, that that
does open the merits of the bill to debate, and is
not a mere question as to the priority of business.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This bill
comes from the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
a motion is now made to commit it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. As a member of the
latter committee, I am free to say that I do not
desire the bill to be committed to it. I understand
that this is not a foundery bill, but an armory bill
—a bill to establish an armory in the West, some-
thing like what we have established at Springfield;
and for that purpose it proposes an appropriation
of $100,000. The bill is certainly an important
one, for although the appropriation now pioposed
is a small one, if the bill passes we know that it
must involve a large expenditure in the future.
Whether we need another armory or not, is a
question for serious consideration. I know that
it is very difficult for me to express an opinion on
that subject which would be considered impartial
by Senators, because we have an armory now
located in the State which I represent here; but
I wish to say to the Senator from Iowa, that he
need not have referred to tffatfact,or to the navy-
yard at Charlestown,or to any expenditures made
m my State by the Federal Government, as a
reason why I should be willing to do justice to
any other portion of the country. I trust that I
cannot be influenced by a consideration of that
kind. I introduced the other day, and it is now
before the Committee on Military Affairs, a bill
for the establishment of a foundery for the fabri-
cation of cannon for the Army and for the Navy.
I do not understand that this bill has anything to
do with that. I do not understand that if* this bill
shall be passed, it will have any influence upon
the passage of a bill for the establishment of a
foundeiy for the fabrication of cannon for the
Army and for the Navy. The Senator told us
that the Navy led the way, and he did not approve
of any one smiling at the idea that the Navy led
the way in the fabrication of arms for the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. GRIMES. Cannon.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, In the fab-
rication of cannon it may be so; but certainly it
is not so m regard to the fabrication of muskets,
and this is to be an armory for the fabrication of
muskets, and not of cannon.
I doubt the propriety eff the passage of this bill.
I doubt whether the Senate is prepared to-day to
pronounce an intelligent judgment on the question
whether we ought to have another armory or not,
"and if we are to have one, where it shall be located.
Claims are made for the place named in this bill,
for Chicago, and for other places in the western
