1862."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
395
Laivs of the United, States.
•fan Cong....2d Sess.
Chap. CXL.II.—An Act to authorize an addi-
tional issue of United States Notes, and for
other purposes.
lie it enacted by the Senate and I~Iov.sc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States nfJlmefica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to issue, in addition to the
amounts heretofore authorized, on the credit of the
United States, one hundred and fifty millions of
dollars of United States notes, not bearing inter-
est, payable to bearer at the Tieasury of the Uni-
ted States, and of such denominations as he may
deem expedient: Provided, That no note shall be
issued for the fractional part of a dollar, and not
more than thirty-five million shall be of lower de-
nominations than five dollars; and such notes shall
be receivable ill payment of all loans made to the
United States, and of all taxes, internal duties,
excises, debts, and demands of every kind due to
the United States, except duties on imports and
interest, and of all claims and demands against
the United States, except for interest upon bonds,
notes, and certificates of debt or deposit; and shall
also bQ lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
ment of all debts, public, and private, within the
United States, except duties on imports and inter-
est, as aforesaid. And any holder of said United
States notes depositing any sum not loss than fifty
dollars, or some multiple of fifty dollars, with the
Treasurer of the United States, or either of the as-
sistant treasurers, shall receive in exchange there-
for duplicate certificates of deposit, one of which
'maybe transmitted to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who shall thereupon issue to the holder an
equal amount of bonds of the United States, coupon
or registered, as may by said holder be desired,
bearing interest at the rate of six per ccntum per
annum, payable semi-annually, and redeemable
at the pleasure of the United States after five
years, and payable twenty years from the date
thereof: Provided, however, That any notes is-
sued under this act may be paid in coin, instead
of being received 111 exchange for certificates of
deposit as above specified, at the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury. And the Secretary
of the Treasury may exchange forsuch notes, on
such terms as he shall think most beneficial to the
public interest, any bonds of the United States
bearing six per centum interest, and redeemable
after five and payable in twenty years, which have
been or may be lawfully issued under the provis-
ions of any existing act; may reissue the notes
so received 111 exchange; may receive and cancel
any notes heretofore lawfully issued under any
act of Congress, and in lieu thereof issue an equal
amount in notes such as are authorized by this
act; and may purchase, at rates not exceeding that
of the current market, and cost of purchase not
exceeding one eighth of one per centum, any
bonds or certificates of debt of the United States
as he may deem advisable.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, author-
ized, m case he shall think it inexpedient to pro-
cure said notes, or any part thereof, to be en-
graved and printed by contract, to cause the said
notes, or any part thereof, to be engraved, printed,
and executed, in such form as lie shall prescribe,
at the Treasury Department in Washington, and
under ins direction; and he is hereby empowered
to purchase and provide all the machinery and
materials, and to employ such persons and ap-
point such officers as may be necessary for this
purpose.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the lim-
itation upon temporary deposits of United States
notes with any assistant treasurer, or designated
depositary authorized by the Secretary of the
Treasury to receive such deposits, to fifty millions
of dollars be, and is hereby, repealed; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized to receive
such deposits, under such regulations as he may
prescribe, to such amount as lie may deem expe-
dient, not exceeding one hundred millions of dol-
lais, for not less than thirty days, in sums not
less than one hundred dollars, at a rate of interest
not exceeding five, per centum per annum; and
any amount so deposited may be withdrawn from
deposit, at any time after ten day's notice, on the
return of the certificate of deposit. And of the
amount of United States notes authorized by this
act, not less than fifty millions ot dollars shall be
reserved for the purpose of securing prompt pay-
ment of such deposits when demanded, and shall
be issued and used only when, in the judgment
of the Secretary of the Treasury, the same, or
any part thereof may be needed for that purpose.
And certificates of deposit and of indebtedness
issued under this or former acts may be received
on the same terms as United States notes in pay-
ment for bonds redeemable after five and payable
in twenty years.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may at any time until
otherwise ordered by Congress, and under the
restrictions imposed by the Act to authorize a
national loan, and for other purposes," borrow,
on the credit of the United States, such part of
the sum of two hundred and fifty millions men-
tioned in said act as may not have been harrowed,
under the provisions of the same, within twelve
months from the passage thereof.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, Thatany part
of the appropriation of ten thousand dollars for
the detection and bringing to trial of persons en-
gaged in counterfeiting the coin of the United
States, made by the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one,"approved June twenty-three, eighteen
hundred and sixty, may be applied in detecting
and bringing to trial and punishment persops en-
gaged ill counterfeiting Treasury notes, bonds,
or other securities of the United Slates, as well
as the coin of the United States. And to carry
into effect the preceding sections of this act the
sum of three hundred thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That all the
provisions of the act entitled " An act to author-
ize the issue of United States notes, and for the
redemption or funding thereof, and for funding
the floating debt of the United States," approved
February twenty-five, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-two, so far as thj same can or may be applied
to the provisions of this act, and not inconsistent
therewith, shall apply to the notes hereby au-
thorized to bo issued.
Approved, July 31, 1862.
* 1
Ciiap. CXLIII.—An Act making further Appro-
priations for sundry Civil Expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and addi-
tional Appropriations for the year ending thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jhnericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby,appropriated for the objects here-
after expressed, for the fiscal year ending thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, viz:
For completing the west wing of the Treasury
building, five hundred thousand dollars.
For painting the outside of the old portion of
the Capitol, eight thousand dollars.
To pay the amount provided for under and by
virtue of an act entitled "An act to facilitate com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific States
by electric telegraph, "orso much thereof as may
become payable under said act, forty thousand
dollars.
For the purpose of enabling the Commissioner
of Public Buildings and Grounds to remove the
Army bakery from the basement floor of the Cap-
itol and to repair the damage causcd by said
bakery, the sum of eight thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
For constructing burglar-proof vaults for the
assistant treasurer at New York, and for fire-proof
file cases for the collector at New York, and for
the incidental expenses of a change of location of
these offices, one hundred thousand dollars.
For annual repairs to custom-houses, including
a new roof for the Milwaukee custom-house, and
repairing the damage by fire, ten thousand dollars.
For repairing the Government warehouses,
wharves, and fences, at Staten Island, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For the salary of a commissioner and consul
general to the republic of Hay ti, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the salary of a commissioner and consul
general to the republic of Libciia, four thousand
dollars.
For compensation of four additional draw-
keepers for the two draws at the Potomac bridge,
three thousand and sixty-six dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnacled, That the com-
pensation of the Treasurer of the United Slates
shall be four thousand dollars a year, to com-
mence on the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums he, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the fiscal year Gliding the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, out of
any money 111 the Treasury nototherwiseappro-
priated.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for lighting the Capitol and public grounds, twelve
thousand dollars.
And the act incorporating the " Washington
Gas-Light Company" is hereby so amended as
to prohibit the said company from receiving, after
the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, more than twenty-eight cents per hundred
cubic feet of gas furnished" by it to the Govern-
ment, and thirty cents to other customers, subject
to a discount of not less than ten per centum on all
bills for gas, if paid at the office of said company
within five days from the lendition theieof, pro-
vided all arrears shall have been previously paid.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the seventh census, three thousand doilais, or so
much thereof as may be found necessary.
For compensation to Henry K. Brown, James
R. Lambdin, and John F. Kensett, for thirteen
months' service as art commissionei s, appointed
by the President of the United States under acts
of Congress of June twelfth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, and March thnd, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, nine thousand dolluis.
To pay the amount due under and by virtue of
the act entitled " An act to facilitate oommumea-
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific Stales by elec-
tric telegraph,,} for the period embraced between
November one, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
and June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
twenty-six thousand six hundred and thnty dol-
lars and forty-four cents.
To supply deficiency m the appropriation for
incidental and contingent expenses, including
wastage at the mint of the United States at Phila-
delphia, twenty-three thousand six hundred and
forty-three dollars and eighty-four cents.
For additional expenses in transportation of
bullion and coin between the assay office and the.
Mint for the year eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
twenty-one thousand dollars.
For compensation of Assistant Secretaty of
the Interior, per net of fourteenth of March, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, from fourteenth of
March to thirtieth of June, eighteen hundied and
sixty-two, eight hundred and seventy-five dolluis.
For compensation of the Assistant Secretary of
the Interior during the fiscal year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundied and sixty-tluee, three
thousand dollars.
For compensation of four additional draw-
keepers for the twodiaws at the Putomac bridge,
from the dates of their several appointments to
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred nnd sixty-
two, three hundred and ninety-five doibus .tnd
forty cents.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the contingent fund of the Senate for furniluio,
fitting of rooms, gas fitting, repairing, painting,
painting mateiials, and other miscellaneous items,
ten thousand dollars.
Apruo-vEDj July 3 J, 18G2
Chap. CXL1V.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Payment of the Bounty authoiized by
the sixth section of an Act entitled "An Act
to authorize the employment of Volunteers to
aid in enforcing the Laws and prot< cling Pub-
he Property," appioved July twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
