1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
country. I am clear that if we are to have an-
other armory, it ought to go westofthe Alleghany
mountains. 1 believe we oughtto have afoundery,
for we need now the immediate fabrication of fif-
teen and twenty-inch cannon, and quite a large
number of them, for the defense of the country,
and we need to-day the fabrication of several thou-
sand columbiads. I do not believe that private
parties can make (hem, and make them as they
oughtto be made for the Government. I believe we
ought to establish a foundery, and that the Gov-
ernment ought to make the iron out of which the
cannon arc to be fabricated, and that this foundery
ought to be established on tide-water on the At-
lantic coast, and in some place where it can be
perfectly defended.
Now, sir, I do not wish to make an opposition—
certainly not an opposition that maybe regarded
as an illiberal one by the Senator from Iowa—to
the passage of this bill. I am not, however, now
prepared to give an intelligent vote on the subject.
I wish that this bill and the foundery bill, and all
matters connected with this general subject, in-
stead of going to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, should be placed in the hands of a special
committee composed of gentlemen of both these
committees and of other Senators, and that the
subject should be carefully studied, carefully re-
ported upon, and settled in a way that will best
promote the interests of the country and be most
* satisfactory to the people.
Mr. GRIMES. In the first place, Mr. Pres-
ident, as to the point the Senator makes that there
has not been time to consider this question, all I
have to say is, that this bill was reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs last July, and has
been under the consideration of the Senate, or is
presumed, at any rate, to have been under the con-
sideration of Senators, from that time until this.
It came up at an early day of the session, and
came near passing; butitwas then postponed and
made a special order for about ten days from that
time. It lost its place in consequence of the de-
bate growing up on the resolution to expel the
former Senator from Indiana, and hence has lain
over until this time.
In the next place, the Senator says that this is
not a foundery which we propose to establish.
The bill does not say that it is to be a foundery.
The bill says that it is to be an armory, a place
where arms are to be manufactured; and arms, I
take it, include both small arms and cannon. The
Government, if it sees lit, can manufacture cannon
or any other species of arms there that it chooses.
In regard to the point proposed, all I have to
say is, that in 181G the United States Government
located a fort on Rook Island, in the Mississippi
river; that in 1836 the lbrt was abandoned; and
from that time until to-day seven hundred and two
acres of land on that island have been reserved by
the Government for military purposes, and for
this very specific purpose, intended by the ord-
nance men and the men who were familiar with
the military ad ministration, for this object, and for
no other object. The bill winch I have intro-
duced, and which has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, simply authorizes the
President of the United States to expend the paltry
sum of §100,000in clearing the way and preparing
for the erection of a proper armory at this point.
This is all I have to say on the subject.
Mr. CLARK. A fact stated by the Senator
from Iowa leads me to the conclusion that this
bill ought to be recommitted, and that is the fact
that it was reported so early as last July. There
has been a great alteration in the country since
lay f July, and a very large supply of arms has been
received. I have no doubt, I presume that no
Senator has any doubt, that when this rebellion
is over, we shall have a very large supply of arms
on hand, both serviceable and unset viceable.
Since July, the capacity of your armory in Mas-
sachusetts for the manufacture of arms has been
very largely increased, and various private estab-
lishments have sprung up about the country for
the mauufactuio of aims; and it becomes now a
very serious question whether wo want another
armory.
I have no fault to find with the gentleman's
location; I agree with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that if another armory is to be estab-
lished, it should be west of the Alleghany mount-
ains; and so far as I understand, 1 would just as
soon have it located at Rock Island as at any place
that I am aware of. It seems to me, however,
that the bill ought now to go either to the Naval
or the Military Committee. 1 have no feeling
about either committee; I have no feeling in re-
gard to which is ahead or which is behind. I may
say that I feel very much in regard to these com-
mittees as I do in regard to the generals in the
Army: I do not care which of them gets ahead so
that somebody gets ahead. I think the bill should
be recommitted to some committee, in order that
they may determine whether we now really need
another armory in the present condition of the
country.
Mr. GRIMES. We wanted two in time of
peace, when we had but twenty thousand men in
the service.
Mr, CLARK. It is sai£ by the Senator that
we wanted two in time of peace. If we did, 1
do not know that we shall need more in time of
war. It is said that we have ordered an enor-
mous amount of arms, and fault has been found
with the late Secretary of War for ordering so
many. It is said that ne ordered too many; more
than we can pay for. I am told that the capacity
of the armory m Massachusetts is such that it
will turn out ten thousand a month, one hundred
and twenty thousand a year; and that, in addi-
tion to what you will have left at the end of this
rebellion, will certainly be as many as this Gov-
ernment ought to manufacture. If itisnot, in any
case of emergency the various private establish-
ments can furnish just as many as the Govern-
ment may want. There is a very different con-
dition of things now from what there was last
July, and I hope the bill will be recommitted to
some committee, I do not care which of the two,
for the purpose of examination.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I hope that the bill will be
recommitted, not that I. have any preference for
one committee over the other. Both committees
arc composed of men of intelligence, who will, I
have no doubt, direct every attention to the bill
which the importance of the subject demands.
But, sir, the files of the Senate show the fact that
there are many propositions of this character now
before the Military Committee for the establish-
ment of armories and founderies in different sec-
tions ofthe Union. This is a very important matter,
and it will involve a very large expenditure of
money. It is thought by some that one armory
will be sufficient; it is thought by others that two
or three may be require*); and some others I be-
lieve think it will not be necessary for us to have
a new armory or foundery at all. Under this
state of facts, it strikes me as being particularly
proper and appropriate that some one committee
shall have the whole subject under their considera-
tion, that they may examine and investigate all the
propositions and applications for the establish-
ment of armories in different sections; and it is to
be hoped, it is believed, they will be able to over-
look all neighborhood preferences, all individual
desires and partialities, and direct their eyes ein-
gly and solely to the necessities and the good of
the country.
I have had some doubt in my own mind whether
any committee of this body, acting hastily under the
influences which may and which necessarily must
surround them, could determine during the course
of a session, occupied by other business as they
are, what is the best thing to be done with respect
to the number of these establishments to be erected,
or with respect to the sites to be selected, and I
could well hope and wish that some Senator would
introduce a resolution or other proposition by
which it might be recommended to the Executive,
or by which he might be authorized to constitute
a competent board for the purpose of investiga-
ting this whole subject and recommending to Con-
gress what founderies and armories may be, if any
are required, and the appropriate and befitting
places for their permanent establishment. This
seems to me to be the regular and reasonable and
rational business-like course for Congress to pur-
sue on the present occasion; and 1 hope, from
what I have heard intimated, that some Senator
has prepared some such resolution or measure as
! that to submit to the Senate.
! Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I shall vote for the
! motion to recommit the bill to the Military Com-
mittee, and when it is m order I shall move to
recommit with instructions to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill and insert:
That the President ofthe United States be and he thereby
authorized and empowered to appoint three commission- .
ers,*>y and with the advice and consent of the Senate, who
shall proceed to examine and report to the Secretary of
War what point is, in their opinion, most suitable for the
establishment of an additional national armory i and that
for carrying into effcct the purposes of the hill the sum of
$5,000 be appropriated.
I think it is entirely proper to recommit this bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs for this rea-
son ; the bill was introduced early at the extra ses-
sion; at the time of its introduction I confess I had
not heard the subject named in the Senate; no
petition, at least, hM been brought to my notice
calling for any such thing. Upon the introduc-
tion of the bill at the extra session from the Naval
Committee, the attention of the public was di-
rected to the subject; and since that time very
many points in the West have presented their
claims for the establishment and location of this
armory. I recollect now the city of Toledo, tho
city of Pittsburgh the city of Cleveland, the city
of Cincinnati, the city of St. Louis, the city of
Chicago, the city of Indianapolis, and perhaps
fifty other points have presented their claims for
the location of this armory. These petitions have
all,'I think, without exception, been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and are now
before that committee, no report having been
made. It is a matterof perfect indifference to me
whether this bill be referred to a select committee,
as has been suggested, or to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs; but I think it nothing but right and
proper that these memorialists should be heard,
and that their claims should be presented, and that
they should not be precluded by a bill introduced
caiiy at the extra session, before they had any
opportunity of being heard through any commit-
tee of this House, either general or special. It
seems to me perfectly right and proper that the
matter should be recommitted; and my own pref-
erence is to recommit it with the instructions I
have designated, leaving the whole subject to three
commissioners to be selected by the President, and
to report to the Secretary of War, so that we may
act knowingly in regard to it.
Mr. HALE. It is a mistake to suppose that
the Committee on Naval Affairs acted upon this
subject hastily or unadvisedly, or without an op-
portunity to other people to be heard upon it. It
is a great mistake, too, to suppose that they were
influenced by any local or neighborhood preju-
dices; fori believe that upon that committee there
is but one individual from the West, except the
Senator from California from the extieme West.
The committee recommended a place not within
the neighborhood of any of its members, except
it may be the Senator from Iowa. The commit-
tee is composed of a Senator from New Hamp-
shire, a Senator from Vermont, a Senator from
New Jersey, a Senator from Maryland, a Senator
from Ohio, a Senator from Iowa, and a Senator
from California. They selected a place that has
been reserved for nearly thirty years. The Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Browning] who wanted
to be heard in opposition to it, was heard. I do
not remember whether he came before the com-
mittee or not, hut he was in conference or con-
sultation with the committee for a long time. The
committee, instead of being governed by local or
neighborhood prejudices, as it is intimated that
they may have been, selected a place out of the
local neighborhood ofa large majority of the mem-
bers of the committee—a place that had been
chosen by the Government, and reserved nearly
thirty years ago for this very purpose.
Now, sir, while I, of course, shall be glad to be
relieved from any responsibility, I must again
protest against the idea that the Naval Commit-
tee, in acting in this matter, was guilty of any
usurpation, or took upon themselves anything
that did not legitimately belong to their inquiries.
It is a mutteAhat was referred to them, and, it
strikes me, appropriately referred to them.
But while I am up, 1 want to throw out one
suggestion. I shall be candid enough to admit
that I have mentioned it to several navalofKcers,
and that they are all adverse to it; but, neverthe-
less, it strikes my own mind favorably, and that
is, that your ordnance department should be one
in this Government, and there should not be an
ordnancc department for the Navy, and an ord-
nance department for the Army. There is great
clashing. Let me tell you one practical inconven-
ience at the present time. Within the past year
we have had great demands for powder, and it is a
