2876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
him to make a proposition that the amendments
be read by the chairman, and be acted on seriatim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cannot
be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He did not make that
proposition, either. He merely wanted an ex-
planation, as I understood him.
Mr, HOWE. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that we cannot act on the amendments sep-
arately >
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report of
a committee of conference must be rejected or
accepted as an entirety. There is but one single
question before the Senate on it. Separate votes
cannot be taken on separate propositions in a re-
port of a committee of conference.
Mr. HOWE. I certainly was not aware that
such was the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is as old
as parliamentary law itself. It has never been
otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the very diffi-
culty the other day.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; it was a very different
question that we quarreled about the other day.
f understand what that was. I shall not take any
appeal from this decision, but I shall only say
that I was not aware that such was the rule, ft
strikes me that it is a rule not favorable to correct
legislation, but decidedly the contrary; a rule that
the sooner it is abandoned the better it will be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been in existence
ever since the Government was established.
Mr. HOWE. The Government has got along
very well with it if that has been the rule, it is true.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a very
familiar rule, and there has never been any other
rule adopted either in American or English legis-
lation.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to be very familiar to
the "Senate, but as I have been but a very short
time a member of any parliamentary body, I may
be pardoned for not being very familiar with it.
The character of the rule is illustrated as clearly
as it can be by the present proposition, which
calls upon us to vote upon between three hundred
and four hundred propositions at once. There
are between three hundred and four hundred prop-
ositions submitted now to the Senate, and we
must vote " yea" upon all or " nay" upon all.
I shall have to submit, of course, to get the best
understanding I can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the priv-
ilege of the Senator from Wisconsin, or any other
Senator, to take an appeal from the ruling of the
Chair, and have the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will not ratify
this report of the committee of conference. I think
there are some matters that are settled in a man-
ner so improper, and so unjust that it ought not
be accepted, and among them, I think, is the prop-
osition in relation to the leakage and the shrink-
age of whisky. Any man who knows anything
about whisky in the barrel, knows that the deduc-
tion of five per cent, for leakage is not half of the
amount that m fact exists. If the committee of
conference had recommended that the deduction
for leakage should be double what was passed in
the Senate, it would have been much nearer the
truth, and much nearer justice. It is just requir-
ing people to pay for that which they have not
g°t.
The recommendation of the committee of con-
ference to strike out the tax upon rectified liquor
or liquor that goes under the denomination of rec-
tified liquor, is still more unjustand objectionable.
1 believe the House passed the bill with a tax of
twenty cents a gallon on rectified liquor, and all
liquor that passed under that denomination. Fif-
teen and twenty-five cents, I am reminded by my
friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] were
the rates. They established two classes, and they
recommended upon one class a tax of fifteen cents
a gallon, and upon another class a tax of twenty-
five cents a gallon. The Senate, in the first in-
stance, struck out the tax entirely upon all such
classes of liquor, and afterwards adopted a tax of
ten cents a gallon upon the whole. Here is a
committee of confeience presenting this most ex-
traordinary report that where the House of Rep-
resentatives had agreed upon a tax upon all the
rectified liquor, divided into two classes, of fifteen
cents upon one, and twenty-five cents upon the
other class, and the Senate had agreed upon a tax
often cents upon both classes in the aggregate,
the committee recommended that the whole of it
be struck out, and that the article be subject to no
taxation at all. If that is not a strange result, it
seems so to me, at least.
Mr. President, I know the injustice from my
own personal knowledge of the exemption of all
liquor that passes under these denominations en-
tirely from taxation. I do not doubt that more
than one half of the entire article that is called
whisky that is sold in the city of Cincinnati goes
under thedenomination of rectified whisky. Upon
one class of barrels they paint the head of the bar-
rel red, and it is called u red head." They paint
another class of barrels blue, and it is called " blue
ruin ;"and theydeserveph rases that would degrade
and ostracize them still more strongly than even
those. I knowasamatterof personal knowledge,
that men who are engaged in thus adulterating this
liquor called whisky, out of a barrel of genuine
whisky make three or four barrels of the rectified
stuff, and at a cost of probably a dollar or two
dollars upon jhe barrel—not more, I presume. I
have seen barrels examined, and 1 have seen the
material that is infused into this liquor and which
makes it, as it is termed, rectified liquor. I have
seen fish berries; I have seen raw tobacco; I am
told from those who know of the manner in which
it is gotten up, that soap-suds are extensively used
in the manufacture of it, that fish berries, or the
coculus indicus is used, that arsenic is used, that
strychnine is used,and variousothercommodities.
Now, sir, what is the condition of this trade?
I do not know the number of barrels of whisky
that are reported to be sold annually in the city of
Cincinnati. Will the Senator from Rhode Island
give me that information if he pleases ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know.
Mr. FOSTER. Twenty-seven million gallons
is the amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must speak
of the raw whisky.
Mr. FOSTER. I speak of the raw whisky.
M r. SHERMAN. Not the adulterated article ?
Mr. FOSTER. I understand fhe Senator from
Kentucky to ask the whole quantity of the arti-
cle sold.
Mr. DAVIS. Those twenty-seven million gal-
lons comprehend all classes. Now I venture to
state it is a fact about which I have no doubt what-
ever, that more than half of those twenty-seven
million gallons of whisky is of the rectified stuff.
Mr. FOSTER. You are greatly mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not care what the propor-
tion may be. A great deal of liquor is brought
into the interior of Kentucky from Ohio, and nearly
the whole of it that comes from Ohio is either red
head or blue head. It is sold for the consumption
of Irish laborers, especially upon turnpikes and
railroads, and other public works.
Mr. HOWARD. For their destruction ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; for their destruction. At
least, it is sold to excite their palates, and stim-
ulate their desires and get their money, without
any regard to the fact whether it poisons or kills
them, or not. I know that in the city of Louis-
ville this process of rectifying whisky by the in-
sertion of the matters that I have enumerated, is
extensively carried on, and it is also extensively
carried on in St. Louis, and I have no doubt in
other large western towns.
It seems to me there is no more legitimate sub-
ject of taxation, even to proscribing it wholly,
than this stuff called rectified liquor," that has
the various compounds in it, either m whole or in
part, which I have enumerated. If the only cffect
of it was to stop such an adulteration of whisky
entirely, and to prevent its manufacture and sale,
it would amply remunerate in the good effects
which it would produce any tax that might be im-
posed upon it, although that tax did not produce
a solitary cent to the Treasury. But, sir, when I
tell the Senate that a barrel of whiskey is bought
by one of these establishments in Cincinnati* is
made into three or four barrels, and that each of
these barrels produces nearly the same amonnt
which they paid for the barrel that made those
three or four barrels, the Senate may perceive the
enormous profits which the operators in the adul-
terated stuff make.
I do not believe that it would be found imprac-
ticable to collect a tax—and a tax that would pro-
duce a very considerable sum of money—off that
article; and I think that the tax which the Senate
imposed upon it should be insisted on. I believe
that it would be largely remunerative to the pub-
lic Treasury. When the House of Representa-
tives imposed a tax on the article of fifteen cents
on one description and twenty-five cents on an-
other, malting an average tax of twonty cents, and
the Senate imposed a tax of ten cents on every
gallon of whisky or spirits denominated " recti-
fied," it is the strangest thing in the world to me
that the committee ofconference of the two Houses
should have come to the conclusion to recommend
a total abolition of the tax upon the article.
I protest against thisexemption of the counter-
feit article of4' old Bourbon." If men will coun-
terfeit it and society will sanction the counterfeit
by using it? let them at least pay for the operation.
If the operation is laigely remunerative, as it is,
and as it has made considerable estates in all the
western cities, it seems to rnc the continuance of
this business will amply bear a tax of ten cents a
gallon, and I think the Senate ought to insist upon
retaining it.
.Mr. SHERMAN. I know very well that the
task imposed upon the committee of conference
was a very severe one. They had before them a
great number of amendments, many of them very
important, and they were perfectly familiar with
the rule which is always practiced in every de-
liberative body, that their action is substantially
final. That rule, indeed, is nccessary in the pas-
sage of any bill. If the practice suggested by the
Senator from Wisconsin were adopted, it is mani-
fest that any bill upon which there were diverse
opinions could never pass both Houses. There
must be a point at which every legislative body
shall vote " yea" or "nay" on the final adoption
or rejection of a bill. If wc reject this report of
the committee of conference, the only effect will
be to send all the amendments to another commit-
tee of conference. We cannot adopt some of them
and reject others; it would be impossible. The
action of a committee of confeience is based on
compromise and adjustmentof the differences be-
tween the two Houses of Congress, and wc must
take that adjustment as it stands. We cannot
amend that adjustment; otherwise we should make
a great variety of complicated questions.
Therefore, when this subject was referred to a
committee of conference, I made up my mind to
yield my opinions on many poinis, and I shall
now vote for the report of the committee of con-
ference, although I dissent very strongly from that
report on one or more material propositions. In
jegard to the wastage on whisky, I think there
ought to be an allowance for that wastage; but it
may be replied that the very fact that whisky has
undergone an evaporation adds to its value in the
market, and that is accounted for in that way; and
if you make this allowance as a drawback you
substantially give to the manufacturer in the West
the allowance of a drawback, and you also give
him thebenefitof the increased valueof his wlu&ky
in the market on account of the evapoiation. In
regard to the article about which my friend from
Kentucky complains, I should be very glad indeed
to levy a heavy duty on the whisky which is
manufactured into brandy, gin, &c., adulterated
spirits; but I was sa^sfied after full examination
that it was impossible to collect it. The process
of adulteration can go on m such a way that you
cannot reach it. The increase of five cents a gal-
lon in the tax on whisky will probably produce
ten times as much as could be icalized from any
tax you might impose upon the rcctifyingprocess.
Although the rectifying process is very largely
carried on, I doubt whether one gallon in thirty of
whisky is lectified. The great bodyof it is used
in the raw state and used as an at tide of com-
merce. Of the twenty-seven million gallons, no
doubt correctly stated by the Senator from Con-
necticut as the amount sent from Cincinnati, which
I suppose is one third of the consumption of tho
country, I doubt very much whether one gallon
in thirty is rectified into what we call adulterated
brandies and gins. Perhaps I may state the pro-
portion too small, but the great body of the whisky
goes forward as pure spiuts and is made into al-
cohol, and is used for drinking and a vatiety of
purposes.
Nor have I any objection to the other import-
ant compromise of the committee as to the direct
tax. It seems that certain interests desired to
keep the direct tax as a tax upon property. The
bill as it now stands contains no tax upon real es-
