396
appendix to the congeessional globe.
[July 11,
3>7th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, namely:
For payment of the bounty to widows, chil-
dren, fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters of
such volunteers as may have died or been killed,
or may die or be killed, in service, authorized by
the sixth section of an act entitled "An act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
erty," approved July twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, five millions of dollars, or
so much thereof as maybe found necessary: Pro-
vided, That said bounty shall be paid to the fol-
lowing persons, and in the order following, and to
no otherperson, to wit: first, to the widow of such
deceased soldier, if there be one; second, if there
be no widow, then to the children of such deceased
soldier, share and share alike; third, if such sol-
dier left neither a widow, or child, or children,
then, and in that case, such bounty shall be paid
to the following persons, provided they be resi-
dents of the United States, to wit: first, to his
father, or if he shall not be living, or has aban-
doned the support of his family, then to the
mother of such soldier; and if there be neither
father nor mother as aforesaid, then such bounty
shall be paid to the brothers and sisters of the
deceased soldier, resident as aforesaid.
For compensation of twenty additional clerks,
hereby authorized to be employed in the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions, to wit: For fifteen
clerks of the first class, eighteen thousand dollais;
for five clerks of the second class, seven thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of three thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be found necessary, be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated for the expenses of the com-
mittee on disloyal employes of the Government,
appointed by resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, July eight, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-one.
Sec . 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That that part
of the sixth section of the act " to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, which secured to the widow, if there be one,
and if not, the legal heirs of such volunteers as
die or may be killed in service, in addition to all
arrears of pay and allowances, a bounty of one
hundred dollars, shall be held to apply to those
persons who have enlisted in the regular forces
since the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, or shall enlist in the regular forces dur-
ing the year eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
be paid to the heirs named in this act; and that the
bounties herein provided for shall be paid out of
any money appropriated for bounty to volunteers.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Ciiap. CXLV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An act to divide the Slate of Illinois into two
Judicial Districts," approved February 13,
1855.
Be It cnactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the counties of Hancock and Mc-
Donough, in the Sfnte of Illinois, be, and the same
are hereby, detached from the northern district of
Illinois, and the same are hereby attached to the
southern district of Illinois, and said counties
shall hereafter constitute apart of said southern
district of Illinois the same as if said counties had
originally belonged to said southern district.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in any
suit or suits pending at the time of the passage of
this act either in the circuit or district court of the
northern district of Illinois where any such suit
or suits could originally have been brought in the
southern district of Illinois if said counties of Han-
cock and McDonough had, at the time of com-
mencing any such suit or suits, formed a part of
said sou thern district, any party to any such suit or
suits, upon application to the court, upon the oath
either of such party, his or her agent or attorney,
may have any such cause, together with the ori-
ginal files thereof and a certified copy of the re-
corded orders or decrees in said cause, transferred
to the southern district of Illinois; any such cause,
when so transferred, shall be heard and determ-
ined by the circuit or district court, as the case
may be, in and for said southern district of Illi-
nois, as if such cause had been originally com-
menced in the circuit or district court in and for
said southern district.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That all pro-
cess issued out of either the circuit or district
court for the northern district of Illinois prior to
the passage of this act, and not served before its
passage, shall be served and returned in the same
manner as if this act had not been passed.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That in all
causes pending either in the circuitor district court
for the northern district of Illinois at the time of
the passage of this act, which shall proceed to
final judgment or decree without being removed
from said northern to said southern district ac-
cording to the provisions of this act, such judg-
ments or decrees shall have like effect as though
said counties of Hancock and McDonough had
not been detached from said northern district; and
any party thereto shall be entitled to have any
such judgments or decrees executed by like final
processor otherwise, the same as if the said coun-
ties of Hancock and McDonough had not been
detached from said northern district, which said
process shall also be executed and returned in the
same manner as if said counties had not been de-
tached from said northern district.
Sec. 5. And be itfurther enacted, That so much
of the act to which this is an amendment as is in
conflict herewith be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap.CXLVI.—An A ct concerning certain Lands
heretofore granted to the State of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the five sections of land granted
to the State of Iowa, by the third subdivision of
section six of an act entitled " An act supple-
mental to the act for the admission of the States
of Iowa and Florida into th^ Union," approved
March thii d, eighteen hundred forty-five, be, and
the same are hereby, released and discharged from
the limitation contained in said section; and the
General Assembly of the State of Iowa may make
such disposition of said land as rfiay be deemed
best for the interests of said State.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CXLVII.—An Act to abolish certain Ports
of Delivery in the Mississippi Valley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the severallaws constituting Han-
nibal, in the State of Missouri, Hickman and Co-
lumbus, in the State of Kentucky, Chattanooga
and Knoxville, in the State of Tennessee, and
Tuscumbia, in the State of Alabama, and Shreve-
port, in the State of Louisiana, ports of delivery,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act for the establishment
of certain National Arsenals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That there shall be, and hereby is, es-
tablished a national arsenal at Columbus, in the
State of Ohio; at Indianapolis, in the State of In-
diana; and on Rock Island, in the State of Illinois,
for the deposit and repair of arms and other mu-
nitions of war.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of carrying this act into effect, the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars for each arsenal
named in the preseding section be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CXL1X.—An Act to change the place of
holding the Circuit and District Courts of the
United States for the District of West Ten-
nessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That hereafter the circuit and district
oourts of theUnited Statesforthe district of West
Tennessee shall be holden on the first Mondays
in April and October, in the town of Huntingdon,
in the county of Carroll, in said district, instead
of the town of Jackson, the place heretofore fixed
bylaw. And all proccss,civil andcriminal,which
may have been, or hereafter may be, issued, re-
turnable to said courts at Jackson, shall lie re-
turned to said courts at Huntingdon; and all books
and records of every kind, pertaining to said
courts, shall be transferred from said town of
Jackson to said town of Huntingdon.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CL.—An Act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to appoint a Deputy Collector
of the Customs at Chincoteague Island, in the
State of Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, accord-
ing to law, a deputy collector of customs to reside
on Chincoteag[u]e Island, in the State of Virginia,
and to exercise such powers, under the revenue
laws, as he, the Secretary of the Treasury, may
prescribe; the compensation of the said deputy
collector to be the legal fees on the business he
may transact, and no more.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CLI.—An Act relating to Schools for the
education of Colored Children in the Cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the duties imposed on the board
of trustees of the public schools in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, by virtue of an act entitled " An act
providing for the education of colored children in
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes," ap-
proved May twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, be, and the same are hereby, trans-
ferred to Daniel Breed, Sayles J. Bowen, and
Zenas C. Robbins, and their successors in office,
who are hereby created a board of trustees of the
schools for colored children in the cities aforesaid,
and who shall possess all the powers and perform
all the duties conferred upon and required of the
trustees of public schools in the said cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown by the aforesaid act.
See. 2. And be it further enacted, That the be-
fore-named trustees shall hold their offices for the
respective terms of one, two, and three years, to
be determined by lot, and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior, on the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and an-
nually on that day thereafter, to appoint from
among the residents of the said cities a trustee in
place of the one whose term has expired or is about
to expire. And the Secretary of the Interior is
also authorized to fill vacancies in said board of
trustees whenever, from any cause, such vacan-
cies may occur.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CLIV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to aid in the construction of a Rail-
road and Telegraph Line from the Missouri
River to the Pacific Ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for Postal,
Military, and other purposes," approved July
2, 1862. ,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the first meeting of the commis-
sioners named in the act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a raihoad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific occan, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, and of the five commissioners directed by
said act to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, shall be held at Bryan Hall, in the city
of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, on the first
Tuesday of September next, at twelve o'clock, at
noon. A notice of said meeting, to be signed by
