1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
ation, because we must appropriate according to
existing law; but the existing laws, which were
fiamed lor an army of nineteen thousand men, and
ugon which we have ingrafted an army of half a
millionaire far m excess of what would be a just
compensation for the services rendered. There
is the item for tumspoi tation, fur mileage, and a
great variety of others. I simply wish now to
call the attention of the Senate to the importance
of acting at once on the bill reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, in order that these
expenditures may be [united somewhat. As long
as the present laws exist, as a matter of course, we
are compelled to appropriate to meet those laws.
The Committee on Finance have no control over
the matter, and no power to control the appropri-
ations. They must give what is required by ex-
isting laws. I hope, therefore, that the very im-
portance of this measure, the large appropriations
asked for, and which will now'bc granted, wjll
show the necessity of immediately acting on those
measures winch will limit, or tend to limit, the ap-
propriations for the quartermaster's department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. All that could possibly be saved by
that bill, or, at least, the greater part of what could
be saved, would be with reference to the pay. The
bill which is before the Senate at this time is to
meet deficiencies; it is to pay debts already in-
curred, and to meet the expenses of the next five
months; that is all. It does not go beyond that.
The larger portion of it is due now. The real
truth of the matter is, when the Quartermaster
General made his estimates, in the first place, it
was foran army of about three hundred thousand
men; then the President recommended four hun-
dred thousand; Congtess ordered five hundred
thousand; and, m fact, it has gone up to between
six and seven hundred thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know what
the Army is now, if the Senator can inform me'
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot give any more
information than the honorable Senator has. We
can only judgo fiom the report of the Secretary of
War. The Senator has the same means of in-
formation that I have. It is certainly very large;
it is over the amount which Congress intended;
and I hope that when we come to act upon the bill
making appropriations for the next year, we shall
settle that matter distinctly. We did not think it
advisable to introduce into this bill appropriating
for deficiencies an amendment defining what shall
be the extent of the Army. Add to that the diffi-
culties that arise from its being a new thing, (he
way m which the contracts were made in the first
place, the pressure of the times, the want of knowl-
edge, the want of experience in these matters, and
it is peifectiy explainable to me how these laige
deficiencies have oceuricd. That there has been
improvidence and waste, is undoubtedly due;,
whether more than was absolutely inevitable ft 0111 ;
the nature of the case, it is impossible to determ-
ine. I make no accusations against any body with
reference to it. As my fi iend and colleague on the
committee sayy, however, with reference to this
matter, there is no way but to pass this bill,
because the money must be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. This appropriation does in-
clude several matteis that would be cut off by the i
bill of the Senator from Massachusetts. This very i
appropriation includes the allowance for quarters j
and for fuel. That is not paid by the paymaster; i
it is paid by the quartermaster. The allowance I
for tianspoi tation, for mileage, for traveling ex- :
penses, nearly all these incidental expenses of the
Army, as will be icadily seen, aie paid by the
quartermaster's department. Therefore it is that I
the quartet mastei \s department pays out a greater |
sum of money than the pay department. I think j
the entire amount appropriated for the pay of vol- '
unteers, including officers, is about one hundred
and fifty millions of dollars, i may be mistaken
in that, though I think not. The allowance for
the quat tci mastei "s department is far m excess of
that amount. Ideally all the incidental expenses
of the Army, which nught bo largely retrenched
upon without doing nquiy to anybody, without ,
affecting the soldiers in the slightest derive, oeeur
m the quartet mastei 's department. No saving
could be made in the subsistence d'-nartnient, and ,
but very 1; tile in the pay department; the proposed
reduction being but ten per cent., and that only ,
extends to officers. The large saving that could
be made by the bill reported by the Senator from .
Massachusetts is in this very department, the de-
ficiency in which now amounts to $100,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
me, I understood him to say that if we had passed
that bill there would have been that amountsaved
m this appropriation. He was mistaken about
that. We may pass that bill to-morrow or the
next day, and, with the exception of a slight re-
duction on a few items, nearly all this amount
would be required in the quartermaster's depart-
ment. Of course, if the law was changed, the
money would not be paid out.
Mr, SHERMAN. My friend from Maine mis-
understood me, if he supposed I stated that. I
knew very well that this appropriation must be
made at any rate, because it is to meet a deficiency;
but I thought this a proper occasion to call the
attention of the Senate to the necessity of imme-
diately correcting these abuses in this department,
to which large sums, millions and now hundreds
of millions, are appropriated almost without ex-
planation. We shall be called upon in a short
time to pass an appropriation bill for the Army
for the next year, now wisely withheld for a time.
If in the mean time we pass the bill reported by
the Senator from Massachusetts, it will enable us
to cut down the appropriations of the quartermas-
ter's department very much indeed, and enable us
to regulate the expenses of that department, so
that I trust hereafter the deficiency will not be so
laige.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the best
possible commentary on the impropriety of pass-
ing bills for such large appropriations without due
consideration is exhibited m the answer of the
cluiirman of the CommitteeofFinance to the ques-
tion which I asked him as to the size of the Army.
We do not know how many men we are provid-
ing for, it seems. I should hope that at the quar-
termaster's department, when they make up these
payments of millions and hundreds of millions of
dollars, they would be able to tell how many men
they wore providing for. I know theie was a
statement from the War Department that we had
between six and seven hundred thousand men;
but I think it was very generally understood that
there, was some mistake in regard to that.
I think there is a disposition to overestimate the
number of men upon both sides in the field. We
have seen a statement within a few days going the
rounds of the papers, that Fort Donelson was in-
vested by an army of fifty thousand men; I have
seen it in a number of papeis; but when we conic
to sec what regiments were there, instead of being
fifty thousand men, there were not thirty thou-
sand men. A gentleman direct from Cairo, well
acquainted with all the troops engaged in that
gallant affair, informs me that the number of our
troops was less than twenty-eifht thousand.
Mr. GRIMES. Where? "
Mr. TRUMBULL. At Fort Donelson. In-
stead of having fifty thousand men there, we were
scaicely, if at all, more nunieious than the enemy
in their mtrcnchmcnts. This is a fact that ought
to be known to the country; for the ciedit due to
our gallant soldiers is much greater, if, with an
army of twenty-eight thousand men, they have
overcome an intrenched army of very little less
number, than it would be if they had fifty thou-
sand . I mention this circumstance as a fact which
should be known to the country; and it is due to the
men who fought and conquered on that occasion.
I do not design making any opposition to this
bill. 1 am not infoimcd in regard to it. As far
as 1 am concerned, I shall rely upon the report of
the Finance Committee; hut I think we ought to
know at least how many men we are providing
for before we pass bills appropuating hundreds !
of millions of dollars. • ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question j
is on the amendments reported by the Committee ]
on Finance. The question will be taken on all the j
amendments together, unless some Senator asks a ,
\ofe on ecu h sepaiately. j
Mr. HOWE. I suggest that a separate vote |
be t.ikeu on the fourth amendment, I think it ;
is, which makes an additional appropriation of j
s76,500,000 to the quartermaster's department. j
" The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend- i
ment will b<- excepted. The question will be taken |
on theiesidueut the amendments together, unless 1
some Senator asks that an exception be made. i
The lemai ntler of the amend ments we re agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question '
nojv is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee, which was excepted at the request of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
Mr. HOWE. I asked that a separate vote
might be taken upon one of the amendments, and
I did so because 1 had made up my mind not to
vote for that amendment upon the information
which 1 now possess; and when the question was
put to the Senate I was conversing with the chair-
man of the committee. I am not going to make
any settled opposition to it. I only wanted to in-
dicate my own pm pose tu vote against it. Itseems
to me the information before the Senate*does not
warrant us—ljncan does not warrant mc—in vot-
ing for an appropriation of that kind. I do not
know that there is a single item for "which we
have an estimate submitted to the Senate or to the
committee from the head of any Department going
to makeup this enormous sum of $76,000,000.
We have a letter from the head of thequartermas-
ter^department which says that they are ex-
pending a large amount of money; their expenses
arc very great; and he enumerates some of the
occasions, so to speak, they have for expendi-
tures; but not making an estimate for any one of
them, so far as I know. I do not feel it safe to
vote for such an appropriation, and intend to vote
against it; and for that reason I called for a sep-
arate vote, and I should have voted against it
then, if my attention had not been otherwise
directed when the vote was taken. 9
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole. The amendment
indicated by the Senator from Wisconsin will be
excepted, so that he can have an opportunity of
voting upon it. The question upon the residue
o£ the amendments will be taken together, unless
some Senator asks for a division.
The remaining amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment reserved
at the request of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I want to state
one slight reason that I have for distrusting the
accuracy of these estimates. I do not know of
any other term by which to designate them; and
yet they seem to me to lack ail the essential char-
acteristics of estimates, and are entirely dissimilar
from any estimates I ever saw or heard of before.
I noticed in this letter one statement, or one argu-
ment, employed by the writer to secure prompt
and early action on the part of the Senate. It is
this:
u The teamsters and others employed on tlie trains, who
are neaiiy ail lined laborers, tuny tloseit the eeivieo, in
which they can only he retained by legular pay, and the
Army will he paiaiy/ed at the moment when its greatest
exmions aie callcd lor."
It is not a statement calculated to show the ne-
cessity of this appropiiation; but i t is a statement
intended to show the importance of acting upon
it at once. 1 only refer to it as an indication of
the inaccuracy of statement which seems to me
to characterize this paper. The statement is made
that the teamsters on the trains are nearly all hired
laborers. Now, it is only two days ago since I
received from the Quartermaster General a letter
in reply to an application which has been pending
there two months and a half to pay two teamsters
employed on these trains, and the Quartermaster
Genoa! declined to pay them because he had no'
authority to do it. When an application is made
to the Quartermaster General to pay a couple of
teamsters, he says, not that he is out of money,
but the law does not warrant him in paying any
such officeis. When he comes to the Senate and
risks for an appiopriation>and asks it m a hurry,
he toils us his teamsters are nearly all employed
fiom civil life, and will desert if he does not get
the money instanter. One of these statements is
certainly ineoncct, I do not know which; but I
do not i'.el authorized to vote §76,000,000 upon
the mere call, the check, so to speak, of any officer
i n the woi id w ho makes statements so contradict-
ory as those two a^e.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment. I see there is no quo-
rum here.
The yeas and nays w,ere ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish that the amendment might
be read*
