1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laics of the United States.
37th Gong....2d
at least ten of the commissioners named in said
act, shall be published at least oncc a week daring
the six successive weeks commencing on the
twentieth of July, one thousand eight hundred
and sixty-two, in one daily newspaper in each
of the cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Cincinnati, Chicago, and St. Louis, and no other
notice of said meeting shall be requisite.
Approved, July 12, 1862.
Chap. CLV.—An Act supplementary to the "Act
for the release of certain Persons held to Ser-
vice or Labor in the District of Columbia,"
approved April sixteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the oath or affirmation required
by the second section of the act entitled "An act
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia," to verify
the statements or petitions in writing filed before
the commissioners, under the act aforesaid, of
persons holding claim to service or labor against
persons of African descent, freed and discharged
therefrom, under the act aforesaid, may in all cases
in which the persons holding claims, as aforesaid,
are infants or minors, be made by the guardian or
by any other person, whether separately or joint-
ly, having the custody, management, or control
by law of the person and property of such infants
or minors; and that in all cases in which the per-
sons holding claims as aforesaid are non-residents
of the District of Columbia, or resident absentees,
the oath or affirmation required as aforesaid may
be made by the attorney or agent of said non-
resident or resident absentees; and in all cases in
which the statements or petitions, required as
aforesaid, of persons in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States, shall have been or may
be hereafter verified before any commander o.f any
military post, or of any officer having a separate
command of any military force in the field, or be-
fore any captain, eommander, or lieutenant com-
manding in the Navy, the same shall he received
and deemed valid, to all intents and purposes, as
fully as if the verification had been or were made
before any officer competent by law to take and
administer oaths and affirmations: Provided, That
the commissioners shall be satisfied that, at the
time; of the verification aforesaid, the person mak-
ing the same was employed in the military or
naval service of the United States within the ju-
risdiction of a rebellious State or Territory, and
unable to make the oath or affirmation required,
as aforesaid, before any officer authorized by law
to take or administer the same, holding allegiance
to the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
person having claim to the service or labor of any
person or persons in the Distuctof Columbia by
reason of African descent, shall neglect or refuse
to file with the clerk of the circuit court of the
District of Columbia the statement in writing, or
schedule provided in the ninth section of the act
approved April sixteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to which this is supplementary, then
it shall be lawful for the person or persons, whose
services are claimed as aforesaid, to file such
statement in writing or schedule setting forth the
particular facts mentioned in said ninth section;
and the said cleik shall leceive and record the
same as provided in said section, on receiving fifty
cents each therefor.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That "when-
ever the facts set forth in the said statement or
schedule shall be found by the commissioners to
be true, the said clerk and his successors in office
shall prepare, sign, and deliwcr certificates, as pre-
scribed m the tenth section of the act to which
this is supplementary, to such person or persons
as shall file their statements in pursuance of the
foregoing section, in all respects the same as if
such statements were filed by the person having
claim to their service or labor.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, all per-
sons held to service or labor under the laws of
any State, and who at any time since the six-
teenth day of April, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, by the consent of the person
to whom such service or labor is claimed to be
owing, have been actually employed within the
Distnct of Columbia, or who shall be hereafter
thus employed, are hereby declared free, and for-
ever released from such servitude, anything in the
laws of the United States or of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all
judicial proceedings in the District of Columbia
there shall be no exclusion of any witness on ac-
count of color.
Approved, July 12,3862.
Chap. CLVI.—An Act relating to Trust Funds
of seveial Indian Tribes invested by the Gov-
crnmentin certain State Bonds abstracted from
the custody of the late Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, directed to cause to be entered
upon the proper books of his Department the fol-
lowing credits to the Indian tribes herein named,
to wit: to the Delawares the sum of four hun-
dred and twenty-three thousand nine hundred
and ninety dollais and twenty-six cents; to the
Iowas the sum of sixty-six thousand seven hun-
dred and thirty-five dollars; and to the confeder-
ate bands of ICaskaskias, Peorias, Piankeshaws,
and Weas the sum of one hundred and sixty-
nine thousand six hundred and eighty-six dollars
and seventy-five cents; which said amounts are
for and in place of the same amounts heretofore
invested by the Government under treaty stipu-
lations with said tribes in the bonds of the States
of Missouri, Tennessee, and North Carolina,
which were stolen while in the custody of Jacob
Thompson, late Secretary of the Interior, in whose
Department they had been deposited for safe-
keeping.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said
entries shall be and remain evidence that the Uni-
ted States holds the said several sums named in
trust for said tribes respectively, and the Treas-
urer of the United States is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to said tribes, respectively, on
requisitions fiom the Secretary of the Interior,
interest on the sums credited as aforesaid, at the
rate of five per centum perannum, in semi-annual
payments, on the first days of January and July
in each year, the first of said payments to be on
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all
interest which said tribes may have had in said
bonds, as aforesaid, is hereby terminated, and the
same is vested in the United States; and any re-
covery, or reclamation of the same, or any part
thereof, shall be for the use and benefit of the
United States.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum
of fifty thousand and sixty-six dollars and sixty-
four cents is hereby appropriated, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the payment of interest to the tribes
aforesaid on the sums invested in the bonds afoie-
said, from the date.of the lastpaymentof interest
on said bonds to the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to wit: the sum of thirty-
two thousand three hundred and seven dollars
and ninety-one cents to said Delawares, five thou-
sand and thirty-two dollars and twenty-three cents
to said Iowas, and twelve thousand seven hundred
and twenty-six dollars and fifty cents to the said
confederate bands of Kaskaskias, Peorias, Pianke-
shaws, and Weas.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect and be hi force only in relation
to such of the tribes aforesaid as shall file with
the Secretary of the Interior their assent, in writ-
ing, to so much thereof as relates to them respect-
ively. -
Approved, July 12, 1862.
Chap. CLVII.—An Act to provide for the quiet-
ing of certain Land Titles in the late disputed
Territory of the State of Maine, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted bv the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Laura A. Stebbins, of Bangor,
in the State of Maine, Catherine C. Ward, of
Roxbury, in the State Massachusetts, Rufus
Mansur, of Houlton, in the State of Maine, and
James A. Drew, of Chelsea, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, the sum of thirty-three hundred and
fifty-three dollars each, being in all the sum of
thirteen thousand four hundred and twenty-two
dollars, in full compensation for three thousand
three hundred and fifty-three acres of land, in-
cluding the timber previously taken therefrom, in
the half township m the State of Maine, granted
by the State of Massachusetts, to the late Genera!
Eaton, and called the 14 Eaton Grant," to which
said parties lost title by the operation of the fourth
article of the treaty of ninth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, " to settle and define the
boundary between the United States and the
possessions of her Britannic Majesty in North
America:" Provided, That the said Laura A.
Stcbbins, Catherine C. Ward, Rufus Mansur,
and James A. Drew shall execute deeds of release
to the parties holding "possessory" or "equi-
table possessory claims" to the said three thou-
sand three hundred and fifty-three acres of land,
or any portion thereof, as described in the reports
made to the Governor and Council of Maine by
Ebenezer Hutchinson and others, commissioners
under a resolution passed by the Legislature of
said State on the twelfth day of April, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and the plan of surveys
accompanying said reports, and of the record in
the land office of said State: Jlnd 'provided also,
That it shall appear to the satisfaction of the
land agent of said State of Maine that such deeds
of release do effectually convey a good title to said
lands, except so far as said titles have been affected
by the operation of the treaty aforesaid: Jlnd pro-
vided further, That if it shall appear to the said
land agent that the aforesaid parties are incompe-
tent to make such deeds of xelease to the whole of
said lands, then they shall be entitled to receive a
pro rata only of the compensation provided in this
act for so much thereof as they shall convey as
aforesaid.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he. is hereby,
authorized and required to pay, out of any unap-
propriated money m the Treasury, to Edmund
Monroe and Benjamin Sewall, of Boston, in the
State of Massachusetts, the sum of thirteen thou-
sand five hundred and forty dollars, in the pro-
portion of three fourths thereof to the former and
one fourth to the latter, in full compensation for
three thousand three hundred and eighty-five
acres of land, including the timber previously
taken therefrom, in the western half of " Ply-
mouth township," so called, in the State of Maine,
and the sum of six thousand seven hundred and
sixty-eight dollars to Rufus Mansur, of Houlton,
Maine, and James A. Drew, of Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, in full compensation for sixteen hundred
and ninety-two acres of land, including the timber
previously taken therefrom, in the eastern half of
said township, to which the said parties severally
lost title by the operation of the fourth article of
the aforesaid treaty: Provided, That the regula-
tions, restrictions, and provisions contained m the
provisos to the first section of this act shall be
made, to all intents and purposes, applicable to
this sectioru
Sec. 3. JTnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, di-
rected to pay, out of any money in the Treasury
nototherwise appropriated,to Laura A. Stebbins,
of Bangor, Maine, and Catherine C. Ward, of
Dorchester, Massachusetts, the sum of six thou-
sand six hundred and forty-seven [dollars;] and
to Edmund Monroe and Benjamin Sewall, of the
city of Boston, in Massachusetts, the sum of seven
thousand six hundred and thirty-five dollars, in
the proportion of three fourths of the same to said
Monroe, and one fourth to said Sewall; and to
James A. Drew, of Chelsea, Massachusetts, and
Rufus Mansur, of Houlton, Maine, the sum of
nine thousand three hundred and twenty-light
dollars; the said several sums being in full com-
pensation. at the rate of one dollar per acre, for
timber taken from lands owned by said parties,
respectively, and located in the Eaton Grant and
