1862.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
irresponsible power to do just what he thinks the
necessity of the occasion requires to put down re-
bellion and to maintain the Constitution. A more
dangerous construction of that instrument could
not be conceived. It is altogether anomalous; it
is not in harmony with any provision of the Con-
stitution, or the spiritof our institutions. I sup-
pose the rights of war do invest this Government
with all the power that is necessaiy to maintain
itself intact. The Senator from Illinois, if I rec-
ollect him aright, and he is an excellent lawyer,
said that if it were necessary to maintain the Con-
stitution, we might not only forfeit and confiscate
the property of the rebels, but take the life of every
man of them. Yes, sir; I know we can. A Gov-
ernment, in the last resort, shorn of these great
rights, would stand at the mercy of pirates and
assassins who migluconspire to defy it. Nodoubt
that was sound doctrine; but the simple question
is, who shall exercise the power? I do not know
that even the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan] contends that there is no power of self-
defense somewhere lodged m the Constitution
equal to its preservation under any emergency.
Does he suppose that we are somehow fettered by
the Constitution so that we cannot defend it?
Mr. COWAN. I believe precisely as the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Browning] does.
I think the power is m the President, full, ample,
to do everything that is necessary, and I think
that he is an absolute despotas against the rebels.
He has the right to do anything and eveiything
necessary to suppress the rebellion that is war-
rantable by the law of civilized war.
Mr. WADE. I am very glad to hear it, sir,
for I was not quite clear, from hearing the Sena-
tor's argument, that he did not believe there was
somewhere some limit by which we, who intend
to maintain the Constitution, must he down inert,
defenseless, and allow the rebellion to triumph,
lest we should violate some piovision of the in-
strument in attempting its defense. I am glad to
hear that such an absuidity has not taken lodg-
ment m the brain ofthe Senator.
Then, sir, the controversy dwindles down to
this; tlie power exists, but where is it lodged ?
Where would our fathers, in establishing the freest
Government on God's earth, be likely to lodge it?
In the irresponsible power of one man, called a
President ? Was it not the labor of their lives to
prevent any man's being armed with absolute,
unlimited power? Do you believe that those men
who so sedulously guarded against irresponsible
power anywhere, would, the moment war was de-
clared, when the exigencies of the Government
were such that irresponsible power in a President
might endanger our institutions, arm him with
the power to trample all the limitations they had
established for liberty under his feet? There is
nothing in the Constitution that warrants you in
saying this power is in the President. He is the
Commander-in-Chief of your Army and Navy,
and holds that exalted position by the consent of
the people of the United States. lie is their crea-
ture and agent; but, according to the argument of
some Senatois, he can assume to be their master,
and when their institutions are imperiled their
hands are tied, and they can do nothing! The
absurdity is in placing the creatuie above the cre-
ator; in placing the man, who by the Constitution
is the agent of the people, above the people and
above Congress. Away with so slavish a doctrine.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. WADE. Yes,sir; as many us you please.
Mr. COWAN. Is not Congress, as much as
the Piesideui, the creature and agent of the peo-
ple ? Are there not in the Constitution powers
delegated to the President that were not delegated
to Congress; and powers delegated to the judi-
ciary that were not delegated to Congress ' Would
it not be a violation of the Constitution if the one
were to uurp the powers which are expressly
giwn to the otlu-r ?
Mr. WADE. Suppose all that to be so, who
stands neai est the people, the source of all power:
we or this irresponsible chief of yours? Congiess
has power to declaie war and make peace, to pro-
\ide u nines to defend the counny, or to assail
other countries. That power is lodged ill Con-
giess by the Constitution. And yet you suppose,
with these vast and important powers in Con-
giess, that the President is, somewhere outside of
the Constitutions invested with a supreme power
ij aoove that of despots—unlimited, uncontrolled,
and uncontrollable. The idea is absurd, and un-
worthy an American Senator or an American
|l Congress. The President is Commander-in-Chief
of your armies. When war is declared, or if
war exists without any declaration, as it may,
it depends upon Congress, not upon him, to say
whether that war shall continue, and to prescribe
piecisely upon what principles it shall be gov-
erned. The President cannot lay down and fix
the principles upon which a war shall be con-
ducted.. He is as powerless as one of us or one
of the people. It is for Congress to lay down the
rulesand regulations by which the Executive shall
be governed in conducting a war.
Senators drag in the law of nations as a stum-
bling block to ourconstitutional rights* Why,sir,
does not every man who is a lawyer know that,
although we ought to be observant of the law of
nations, it is in the power of Congress, if they
please—not that they ought—to overrule it, and
trample it under foot? Why, then, interpose the
law of nations between us and our rights? It may
be very good advisory doctrine, but when you put
it as a limitation of our power, it is nothing better
than nonsense. 'It is but a very few days since
we deliberately, and I believe without any dis-
sent, laid down an article of war bmdmgand tying
the hands of the Presidentas Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, and directing him upon what prin-
ciple he should, in a certain particular, conduct
the war. Was that constitutional? Could we,
under the Constitution, provide an article of war?
There may be a hundred articles of war; and if
we can prescribe the rule to the President in one,
so we can in all.
Mr. COWAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him another question ?
Mr, WADE. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. He persists in utterly and to-
tally misrepresenting the position of the opposi-
tion to this bill. What we say is, that the power
of the Executive of this nation is absolutely des-
potic and unrestrained as against the rebels. Now,
the Senator says, because Congress can make
articles of war therefore that is not true. Upon
whom do the articles of war operate t Upon rebels?
No; but upon our own citizens in the ranks of
the Army. Congress have a light to make lulcs
and regulations for the Army inter se, but those
rules and regulations do not affect rebels, those at
war with the Government. I trust gentlemen, if
they have a good case, will meet this question
faiily, and not endeavor to divert the attention of
the country from the real issue; because I admit
there is a real issue, and I have great respect even
for those who entertain a different opinion from
myself—and put it upon something else. The
question is distinctly, and I would be glad to hear
the learned,and I had almost said venerable Sen-
ator fiom Ohio 
Mr. WADE. Do not say that, above all things.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. I mean to say the Senator from
Ohio has a gieat deal more of experience, a great
deal more of learning and knowledge upon this
subject than 1 have. I say the real question is,
in a time of rebellion, when these people aie re-
sisting the municipal law, who shall, under the
Constitution, meet them and apply to them the |
fotce of the nation, so as to biing them back
within the domain of our lawtfinde by Congress?
We say it is the President. The gentleman says,
if I understand his argument, that Congress is to
direct those operations. Now, I am willing to
hear him make that point good if he can.
M r. WADE. I did not intend to yield the floor
for the gentleman to make a speech, but to ask
me a question, and he has asked me the very
question that 1 supposed 1 was arguing, and that
was, where was the power to conduct this war
lodged? That is precisely what I am discussing,
and 1 have endeavored to show the absmdity of j
making an in esponsible chief of the Commander-
in-Chief of your At my and Navy. Then, sir,
where does it belong? I say it is in Congress,
and I was proceeding to show it, not only fiom
the Constitution, but from our action as assented
to by Congress, ahVays and without dispute, in
making articles of war. Not one of them exists,
nor can etfist. without the consent of Congiess,
for an hour. The Senator wants to know whether
we can have anything to do with the conduct of
this war. Sir, can we not prescribe to the Presi-
dent upon what principle he shall release every
prisoner of war he has got1? Can we-not pre-
scribe to him: you may take prisoners of war,
but they shall be discharged upon taking the oath
of allegiance, or they shall be hung When taken?
We are to say whether a rebel taken in war shall
forfeit his estate, or whether he shall go scot free.
It is all with us; and he who believes that this
great power is lodged anywhere else, is an advo-
cate of despotism, and has never caught the spirit
of his fathers in forming the Constitution. He
would make the President an irresponsible des-
potic chief, whom Congress could not reach Dor
touch. What are we legislating about? Why,
sir, if I understood the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, the other day, he thought, in times of peril
to our institutions, in a gigantic rebellion like
this, that the whole power of Congress consisted
in furnishing means to the President for carrying1
on the war; that that was our limitation, and we
could do nothing more. If we sought to do less,
I do not know what he would do. It would be
strange, if in this, as in all other cases, the greater
did not include the less. If we might fetter the
President and render him powerless by withhold-
ing supplies, and thus pwt an end to the war,
would it not be singular jf wc could not prescribe
the rule upon which the war should be conducted?
It is said that the President can do anything;
that he can forfeit estates. Was that the Sena-
tor's argument? Does he believe that the Presi-
dent may by his proclamation forfeit all the es-
tates in the South? I want to know that.
Mr. COWAN. Does the Senator want an
answer ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; now and here.
Mr. COWAN. I stated I think, repeatedly,
certainly at least three times, the extent to which
the President could go in that rcspect.
Mr. W ADE. Answer my question if you please.
Mr. CO WAN. Well, sir, in the first place, the
President is guided in that by the laws of war.
He has the right to take all the public property of
the enemy, and to apply it and appropriate it to
the maintenance of the war against the rebels.
Mr. WADE. Has he the right to take the
private property ?
Mr. COW AN. He has the right to take pri-
vate property only by way of retaliation, not to
establish the rule, but to prevent the rule from
becoming established. He has a right to take pos-
session of their real estate and hold it until the
war is over, until he procures the submission of
the rebels, and is able to hand them over to the
civil tribunals for punishment for their crime.
Mr. WADE. 1 thought the Senator would not
like to meet directly the inferences drawn from his
own doctrine. I cannot extort from him whether,
in his judgment, the President has power to con-
fiscate the property of rebels, put the proceeds in
the Treasury, and apply it to the indemnification
of those who have lost in the war, or for paying
the expenses of the war?
Mr. COWAN. May I ask what kind of prop-
erty the gentleman alludes to?
Mr. WADE. Any kind that a man has.
Mr. COWAN. I answer distinctly, the Pres-
ident has no right to forfeit the title of a rebel to
his real estate, nor has Congress either, for longer
than his lifetime. Congress may forfeit it for his
life on conviction of treason, and, as I believe,
upon a judgment in outlawry against him upon
an indictment found for treason. That is as far
as either Congress or the President can go.
Mr. WADE. Can he forfeit the personal prop-
erty ?
Mr. COWAN. The President may take and
seize personal property. It is not exactly a for-
feiture. It is a capture that he takes under the
laws of war, by way of retaliation when they take
and seize our personal property. That constitutes
what is called the military necessity, and that mil-
itary necessity is the measure ofthe power of the
President, the measure of the power of the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army m that regard.
Mr. WADE. The Senator is not quite con-
sistent with himself. He said, a minute ago, it
could be done by way of retaliation, and now he
says it must be done as a military necessity. Let
it be so. What becomes of it in the end ? Does it
go back to the individual, or does it come to the
Government? Will the Senior tell me that?
Mr. COWAN. If tjn^gcutleman desires an
answer, I say no:^rfuoes not go back to the
