1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
enemy any more than the life of a person killed for
retaliation.
Mr. WADE. The Senator does not like to
meet the proper inferences deduced from his own
doctrine. He denies that the President, even
armed as he says with despotic power, can change
the title of property, for retaliation or anything
else. Hecandonothingbeyondhiscamp. Not-
withstanding all these attempts to magnify the
power of the Commander-in-Chief, the true doc-
trine is this: when he marches an army into the
enemy's country and seizes upon his property,
all that by main strength comes into manual pos-
session he takes; but can he make a rule beyond
his camp, beyond the line of his military depart-
ment? None at all; he is perfectly, totally power-
less. Sir, every man who has caught the spirit
of our institutions should frown down this at-
tempt to magnify the President into an irrespons-
ible despot with power to presci'ibe rules and
regulations by which the estates, real or personal,
of men can be forfeited. The belligerent rights
of your general, your commander-in-chief in the
field, never did and never will go one inch beyond
the boundary of his camp where he holds martial
law. There he must prescribe rules while he
does hold it; but the moment he moves his camp,
that moment all his rules and regulations are gone
with his removal. That is all there is of it; and
that ghost of an authority the other side have en-
deavored to magnify into plenary despoti# power.
I denounce the doctrine as utterly slavish, anom-
alous, and at war with our free institutions. Rut
enough upon that subject.
Sir, there is no man in this Senate who needs
lecturing upon constitutional obligation less than
myself. I believe I am as much impressed with
the full importance of maintaining that great in-
strument as any man in this or the other House
of Congress. I go further, and say that not only
the American people are interested in maintaining
our free, glorious institutions intact, but it inter-
ests the wnole civilized world, yea, and the un-
civilized world; for the great and just principles
deduced from the law of nature and the nature of
man, and woven by our wise forefathers into our
Constitution, are the political hope of the world.
Destroy them, and the world is a^ain at sea with-
out a compass. It is because 1 am zealous to
maintain them that I trample under my feet these
slavish doctrines of to-day, that tiie Congress of
the United States have not the power to maintain
that Constitution against all violation from any
quarter.
Talk to me, sir, about violating the Constitu-
tion! I do not like to hear it. I have heard too
much of it. Every man who was here a year or
two ago knows that this same idea was inculcated
then by those who are now open traitors. They
sought to tie and fetter our limbs by the cry of a
violated Constitution, that its enemies might stab
it to death. There is not a man now in what are
called the confederate States levying arms, coerc-
ing men into this accuised rebellion to overthrow
this glorious Constitution of ours but harped upon
the same string thatSenators have harped upon in
this debate. The arm of the Constitution was too
short to defend itself from aggression. These were
the doctrines that they announced, and then they
went offand formed an organization,and implored
foreign nations, yea, and agreed to become the
vassals of foreign despots, if they would only aid
and assist them in overthrowing this Constitution
of ours. First they claimed that we had no con-
stitutional power to defend the Constitution, a
very cheap way if they could succeed in it to get
along with their rebellion. We must lie right
down in our tracks, because if we undertook to
form an army to go forth to conquer the rebel-
lion, we were acting without constitutional au-
thority. Was not that what they harped upon?
Did they not say of the Administration what Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber are saying
every morning now? Did not the former col-
league of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Pow- (
ell] accuse the Administration of tyranny and !
despotism. It is the old tune that was harped
upon by every traitor who is now an open enemy
to the Constitution of the United States. They
undertook to show that the Constitution was, (
somehow, felo de se; that it did not contain any j
power, or it restricted us from using any power
for its preservation. Sir, these arguments will
not do.
Senators are very tender of forfeiture and of j
confiscation. How is it with the open enemies j
of the Constitution of the United States? Have :
theyany scruples to maintain that infamous coun-
terfeit called the confederate constitution ? The
man who fails to come up to all of its requisitions,
if he escapes with the loss of all his property
with his life is fortunate. This cowardly, this
unworthy doctrine that Senators preach is only
for the gratification of those who are seeking the
destruction of the Constitution.
Let me say in passing, that you compel loyal
men in the confederate States to become the abet-
tors of treason because you are so lenient that
you will not raise your hand against their mur-
derers and robbers. In truth, up to this hour, the
men in the confederate States who have raised
their unhallowed arms to strike down the Consti-
tution of the United States are more favored by
this Government than are the true and much per-
secuted loyal men there. It is a blemish upon
our Administration, and I hope to God that it is
about to pass away forever.
Senators regret the scope of this bill forfeiting
the property of traitors in these confederate States.
If my will could prevail, the men whose unhal-
lowed and damning amfbition has incited them to
bring all this misery upon the country through
this rebellion, who have stirred it up without
cause, should be mode justly guilty of all the
consequences of their infernal acts—murder, trea-
son, perjury, robbery. They are guilty of all.
You are very tender-footed towards these men;
your Constitution will not let you take their prop-
erty. You may rob your own citizens, you may
bankrupt your Treasury, to defend yourselves
against them; but their property must not be
touched to fill the coffers of your Treasury !
If you defeat this bill, if you fail to take all
the property of rebels who are seeking the de-
struction of the Government, and confiscate it to
relieve the burdens of loyal men, and to indemnify
us for the just debts we have incurred in defend-
ing ourselves against these traitors, I say to you,
and through you to the people, for I want it to
go to them, 1 am not the man who has prevented
it. I go for the largest forfeiture. I am in favor
of visiting just punishment on every man who
lms raised his accursed hand to strike down the
institutions of our fathers. I will take their prop-
erty, and I will relieve the loyal North, and the
loyal men of the South, and indemnify them with
the confiscated property, yea, to the last dollar of
these scoundrels. He who will not do it may
meet me before our masters, the people, upon this
subject. If I am wrong, they will undoubtedly
remind me of it. If it is right, if it is just, if it
is equitable, if it is demanded by the high exi-
gencies of the times in which we live, I trust I
shall stand justified. But, sir, I wish to state
distinctly that I will go for the utmost scope of
your bill. I would make it stronger if I could,
when I have broughta traitor whoisseeking my
life and my property to terms, and when I become
bankrupt in my endeavors to put him down and
defend myself, I have no scruples about the prop-
erty of his that shall be taken to indemnify me.
I do not like the argument of some of my friends
here who have risen and prefaced their remarks
by saying they did not expect to get much to in-
demnify the losses by this war out of this con-
fiscation. Sir, I do expect it. If we are true to
ourselves, if we go on with that patriotism, that
regard to the Constitution, that haired of treason
and all its consequences that ought to govern us,
we shall find property sufficient to indemnify loyal
men for the expenses of this unholy war. It will
be but a poor indemnity at last. Sir, what will
indemnify us for the most precious blood of our
young men who, by these scoundrels, have been
compelled to go forth on the field of battle and
hazard their lives in defense of our liberty. They
will lie in their graves, lamented by all just men,
deplored by all their acquaintances, mourned by
their country. If you were to take all the prop-
erty of the rebels, it would never make satisfac-
tion for the great and most burdensome losses oc-
casioned by this accursed rebellion. So much for
their property.
I was very sorry to hear that my friend from
Wisconsin had become so exceedingly tender
about the forfeiture of the slaves of rebels. lie
thought that was too sweeping. Sir, I am more
amazed at this idol which is setup in the form of
slavery, that seems to deprive men of their rea-
son, than anything else. Some of my friends
think, and I believe that is the doctrine of my
friend from Wisconsin, that we might forfeit prop-
erty in some shape; but when you come to sla-
very, he seems to be struck with horror at the
thought. Why, sir, the South consider slaves
just as other property. I do-not concede it; I never
did concede it. All 1 conceded was, that in times
of peace, when they let our institutions alone, I
would let them alone in the States; that I would
not touch a hair of their head. Abhorrent as sla-
very is to man and God, 1 had agreed that in their
States they might have it, provided they would
keep it there, and let us alone; but when they re-
pudiated the Constitution of the United States,
when they waged violent war against it, when
they made use of those very slaves as the fulcrum
by which to overturn the Constitution of the coun-
try, I lost all my veneration—no, not veneration,
for I never had any veneration for slavery; 1 re-
pudiate the idea; but it absolved me from all my
sense of duty in that regard, and allowed me to
give full scope to my sense of justice in dealing
with slaves and their masters. They have repu-
diated me; they have repudiated you; they have
used these very slaves to murder your brethren
and mine, and to rob us of our property. Being
now withdrawn from all obligation m their behalf,
I say to every traitor who holds a slave, " so far
as my hand can reach that slave is free and a much
better man than you. You ought to thank God if
you escape the gallows; your slave is remitted to
his rights."
I am a little astonished at the doctrines of these
border State gentlemen, lam not much aston-
ished at them, because I know they have strong
influences pleading in their behalf, just as we on
this side have pleading in our behalf. They were
nurtured in the institution. It'had been in their
States from time immemorial, at least to them.
Ail theii relations, and all the groat men they have
had among them, had piacticod this system of
slavery. Of course, they do not view it as we do;
and 1 make all duo allowances upon that subject.
But, sir, I wonder that gentlemen, as sagacious
as they are, men of great capacity and of gener-
ous impulses, fail to sec the absurdity of attempt-
ing longer to maintain an institution of that kind.
1 admit that, in the progress of nations from bar-
barism to civilization, there is, and has been a
time in every nation of which I know anything
when slavery was not only permitted, but formed
an institution among men. If you look back to
the institutions of antiquity, you will find it there;
if you look at the middle ages, you find it there;
but you find it in times of ignorance, when the
arts and sciences had advanced hardly beyond
barbarism. Then, sir, your institution of slavery
was in harmony with the other institution!; but
do you not see that in the progress of a nation from
a barbarous state to a high degree of civilization
you will reach a time when slavery becomes
utterly impossible?
Why, sir, do you not see that it has emascu-
lated you; that it has laid you almost prostrate at
the feet of a power scarcely greater than your own?
During one year of this accursed war—and I take
some pride in saying it—no hostile foot has yet
invaded the territory of a free State. How is that?
It is not because you southern men are not brave;
it is not because you are not enterprising; but you
have leaned upon this accuised institution until
you are as weak as infancy in the grasp of free-
men, and to-day you are tenants at will, tenants
at sufferance, to the masculine principles and the
manly attributes of free communities. I wonder
that you are not more anxious than we arc to do
away with an institution that makes you tenants
at will to us for your liberties. I talk plainly, but
it is even so.
We have been complained of by some gentle-
men on this floor that this war was prosecuted in
a spirit of severity and intolerance towards trai-
tors. They have harped upon it from day to day.
Sir, from the earliest period of the history of man-
kind to the present, you will find no war, much
less any rebellion, that has been characterized
with the forbearance, the lenity bordering on im-
becility, with which this one has b^en prosecuted.
If, with the aid and assistance of all your slaves
brought into your camps to build your fortifica-
tions, to do all your manual service, to cultivate
all the agricultural productions on which you feed,
