896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
The Secretary read it, to insert after line nine-
teen the following:
For i egular supplies, incidental expenses, transportation,
barrack-? and quarters, clothing, camp and garrison equi-
page, keeping, transporting, and supplying prisoners, and
other supplies and services of the quartermaster's depart-
ment to the 30th of June, 1882, and to be divided among the
several heads of appropriation herein named, as the exigen-
cies of the service may require, $76,500,000.
Mr. HALE. I have not the estimates before
me; but I would ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance what were the estimates under
this head at the commencement of the session?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The original estimate for
deficiency was about twenty-eight millions of dol-
lars, I think. He then sent us, as 1 said before,
the communication which I hold in my hand,ask-
ing for $76,000,000. It seemed to be doubtful
whether he intended the $76,000,000 to be in ad-
dition to the $28,000,000, or to include it, and to
take the place of it. I therefore had an interview
with him, and he said he would examine the sub-
ject and write me again; and I received letters this
morning on the subject, in which he says that on
examination he thinks it had better be made as
an additional sum, and that this is all the money
that will be needed.
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President, I think so,
too It is a mere trifle—$28,000,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Seventy-six millions.
Mr. HALE. I mean, whether the $28,000,000
are to be included or excluded. Sir, it is time to
meet these questions. A bill of this sort should
not behurriejJ through in this manner. It is morti-
fying to say what 1 think I am obliged to say;
that it is no soi t of use to make such an appropri-
ation as this; not the ahghteston earth. You can-
not get this money. Here is a bill appropriating
§209,000,000 for deficiencies in this department
since the last session of Congress, which closed in
August. Altogether, under this head alone, we
have an appropriation of $76,000,000 in addition
to the estimates that were sent in at the beginning
of this session. Now, sir, if we have got to let
this pass, and things are managed in this way, 1
say we had better passu bankrupt law, and let the
Government take advantage of it at once. It would
be of no sort of use to pass such bills as this, be-
cause tho money is not to be had; it is an utter
impossibility. You might, justas well pass an act
that from and after the 30th of June next twelve
times twelve, instead of being one hundred and
foity-four, should be a thousand, as to pass bills
of the character we are passing. They have sent
us down from the House of Representatives an-
other bill, making appropriations for the naval
force. What do you suppose, sir, they ask us to
appropriate there? About $80,000,000 for that;
and here are $200,000,000 fur Army deficiencies.
J do not know what the estimated appropriations
for the fiscal year are. I only say that for one I
will vote against it; because it is dishonest for us
tohold out to the country, our creditors, or to any-
body else, that we can pay such sums. We can-
not do it; it is an utter impossibility.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Would you
close up ?
Mr. HALE. I would close up anything on
earth rather than hold out such false pretenses as
this. I have nothing mure to say.
Air. FESSENDEN". We have passed a bill
already through this Senate providing for the issu-
ing of $150,000,000 of Treasury notes, which arc
to be a legal tender. The object of that was to
pay our debts; it was all due; and this is a part
of th<> debt,
Mr. HALE. We did not know it then.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Ceituiuly we did. We
knew wc owed oiu contiactors; that we had be-
come indebted to a great many people for supplies
to the A.rmy—those very things that we are now
talking about. We had not made an appropua-
tion to pay them. Now, if we had ever so much
money m our Treasury, unless we pass this bill
no mon-y couid go out to pay these debts. What
does the Senator mean? That we shall not pass
an appiopruuion bill, so that if wc do get the
money hy iUiy accident, it shall not be paid, but
shall be kept there3 We must have an appi opri-
ation to authorize the payment, because all that is
now authorized to be paid has been paid; and
unless we have the authority of Congress to pay
these bills, they cannot be paid at alf, even if we
succeed in getting the'mftney. We should lose
all the advantage that we propose to obtain by the
Treasury note bill, which is now in progress in
the other House, and which I hope will be passed
in a day or two; so that the Senator's argument
hardly seems to apply. I think we shall be able
to pay these debts. The idea that when we are
carrying on a war with over six hundred thou-
sand men in the field, we are to pass no appropri-
ation bills because it takes so much money to pay
them, strikes me to be a little wild. We must
not only get the money, if we can, but we must
order thnt money to be paid. I have no doubt
that we can get it; and I believe to-day we can
get it as well without the legal tender as with it.
I believe that is almost the universal opinion in
the country. But let that go; I am not disposed
to argue that over again. I have no doubt we
shall obtain means by that, if in no other way.
The very object of that clause was to prevent the
Government from being broken down by not pay-
ing these bills. It is no use to pass that bill to
get the means unless we pass this, which will
enable the Government to use the means after it
gets them.
Mr. HALE. What I find fault with is that in
our regular estimates sent to us at the commence-
ment of this session this great and vast amount
of $76,000,000 was entirely omitted. It seems to
me that there is something out of the waj' some-
where.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, here is the ex-
planation, if the Senator wants to have this letter
read at the desk.
Mr. HALE. I do not. I have heard the read-
ing from the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He read but one passage.
Mr. HALE. 1 know it; but he gave us his idea
of it—the digest of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. HALE. I remember a good many years
ago, in the time of the Mexican war, when the Ad-
ministration then came forward and asked for an
appropriation of $15,000,000 to supply the defi-
ciencies of the whole year, we looked upon it as
a very outrageous evidence of gross mismanage-
ment on the part of the Administration that they
had so conducted themselves that at the commence-
ment of the session they came in and asked for a
deficiency of<j,15,000,000. Here is a deficiency of
not only $120,000,000, which was in the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives, but of
$76,000,000 more coming in by this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All lean say in reference
to that is, that the reasons are given in the letter
of the Quartermaster General in full. They were
satisfactory to the committee: that is, to the com-
mittee generally. They were not quite so satis-
factory in this particular to the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] on account of
some correspondence with regard to a couple of
teamsters. He thought there was a sort of dis-
crepancy between the statements. I think, un-
questionably, that could be explained without the
slightest difficulty in the world.
The Quartermaster General says here, in the
first place, that he estimated last session for three
hunuied thousand men, supposing that would bo
the number called out. At the beginning of this
session, he estimated for five hundred thousand
men; and then ho conkl not know distinctly what
the deficiencies were; the bills had not come in.
Contracts were made all over the country, and
made by men without his being aware precisely
of what the contracts were at the time. We all
know the way in winch they were made. Then
the report of the Secretary of War shows that
there are six hundred and fifty thousand instead
of live bundled thousand men; and bills have been
coming m to the department ever since.
Now, sir, it is not for me to say whether this
might have been avoided. I do not believe it
could. I believe the difficulties were unavoidable
from the very nature of the case. I have said so
before, and 1 say so now. That there lias been
mismanagement on the part of individuals, that
there hay been fraud on the part of some individ-
uals, I have no manner of doubt; but what can
the department do? They can only meet the ex-
penses by appropriations; and made as these con-
tracts have been, raised as this Army hay been,
not by the Quartermaster General, but by others,
and contracts made by others without his knowl-
edge—general authority given from the Depart-
ment in some places to men to do just what they
pleased substantially, and they had to do n from
the urgency of the case—how could the Quarter-
master General make an estimate ? It was beyond
the power of man. It ought not to be expected
of him or anybody else.
Now, sir, the idea of comparing this war to the
Mexican war, is a very strange one. Any one
can see the vast diffeience of the two cases; it is
quite manifest. What shall we do, sir? Shall
we refuse to pay these bills; refuse to carry on
the war? Does the Senator mean, when he says
he shall vote against it, that he does not want to
pay these bills; that he will not meet the expenses
of the quartermaster's department; will not pay
the contractors; will not pay for the support of
the Army ? I know he does not mean any such
thing.
If the Quartermaster General himself cannot
make a detailed estimate of these things, it cer-
tainly cannot be expected of the Committee on
Finance to do it. He says, from the best inform-
ation he can get there are $50,000,000 he shall
have to meet at once that he knew nothing about
comparatively; and he deems it unsafe to leave it
without this appropriation. I have that kind of
confidence in the department and in the Quarter-
master General that I am willing to trust them
with this sum of money, because I know it will
be honestly administered in their hands, that they
will not pay bills that are not due, and that what
they do not pay will be left as surplus in tho Treas-
ury,to be appropriated to other objects. But, cer-
tainly, at this time, when everything seems to look
so fair with regard to our own prospects, I would
not withhold for a single instant what is supposed
by the proper authorities to be necessary for the
prosecution of the war. To-day I learn that the
commissary department in Tennessee, just where
those prospects are brightest, have spent their last
dollar. Shall wc delay making these appropria-
tions under such circumstances, because we do
not understand all the items, which it is impossi-
ble to understand? Why,sir, the idea is prepos-
terous.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but remark that
it strikes me there is something very extraordi-
nary in the objection that is made to this appro-
priation. Here we have had a bill passed through
tho Senate, and which is now in the House of
Representatives, making certain Treasury notes
—an issue of which we have authorized—a tender
upon the Government's debts. These are the very
debts. Making them a tender on the Government
debts does not help to buy supplies with them
hereafter. You cannot tender them in that way.
That whole clause was put into the bill and must
have been sustained by this Senate, and could have
been on no other ground, that they were made a
tender to pay these very debts; and now gentle-
men hesitate about making this appropriation,
and utterly refuse the advantage of the paper
altogether, i shall vote for it certainly.
Mr. HALE. I trust the Senator from Vermont
does not suppose that the Senate passed a bill for
$100,000,000 of Treasury notes and making them
,a legal tender, in order to pay $200,000,000 of
debts. He says, these are the very bills that
that was intended to pay. These bills amount to
£>200,000,000, and wc only voted $100,000,000 of
Treasury notes. I do not mean to say that I
would not pay our debts. I am for paying every
honest debt; and when we cannot pay, I am for
giving our notes; but what I am opposed to is the
springing upon us of an amendment like this, ap-
propriating #76,000,000 in thi* way.
Now, let me say a single word to the Senator
from Maine, while I am up, and then I shall leave
the subject. lie admits,and ho thinks that there
have been cases of mismanagement and fraud in
the administration of this Government. Every-
body seems to admit it, and everybody seems to
think that it is not to be tolerated or countenanced;
but they want individual cases. Well, sir, 1
brought an individual case of mismanagement of
the public funds to the consideration of the Sen-
ate the other day, and what did they do? I can-
not got a vote upon it. I pioolvum here to the
Senate that I cannot have a vote upon it. What
did the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Wilson,] n man for whose integ-
rity and fidelity and patriotism I have as high
regard as I have for any living man, do? He got
right up and moved an amendment that such
things should not be allowed, except in cases of
extraordinary emergency. That will be the way
