1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2879
such pei&on stinll not appear and take liis tual as requited,
such pei?on t-hail betaken and deemed to have renounced
all claim to any propeity which may have been seized as
afoif.-nid, <u "f winch he'•hall be the owner, and he and
hid hen'c- Miai! he huevci baned fioui making any claim or
maintaining any action im (he recovery theieoi, but the
tame r-iuilI he Imfeitod and become the piop<ntyot the Uni-
ted State-, and in-* • !ave>, it any, shall he free.
Sec 8. </lnd he it fuitkcr enacted. That the PiCsidont of
the C.nted Stare-, \vh"nevcr he -hall deem it ncw^aiy and
piopei for asjie-dy a-id Micce^ful toiiniiiation of the pres-
ent lebeHion, that any pei-onal p.^peity, seized by the
Aitny <>r Navy, and hclougui? to a pei -on who t-hall, after
the pa^agt* ot tins act, have engaged in lebcihon, or given
aid or comfoi t ihetcto, should hi- confiscated, may eau-e
piocceding- in rem to be in-united airain-t -aid piopcty, a-
in admiralty or revenue ca-;e-; and 11 s-aid piopeity -hail be
found to have belonged to a pe-->o:i ensealed m icbellion. oi
who ha- so given aid and eomfoit thereto. tiic <>ame -hall
be loifeued and bet oim: til" piope.iy of the United States,
and may be -old oi d:-po<ed of a.-; ihe court shall direct.
Sec. 9. And he it furtko cnactcd, That atanytnne after
the pa^a^e of U'h act, whenever the President ot the Uni-
ted Stale-i-hal I deem it neee->-ary for the ciippie-Mon ofthi-*
rebellion, he shall i—ue ins ptoelamation commanding all
person-* unmediatciy to by down their arm-* and to leturn
to theirallejnance to the United States ; proclaiming tliat if
any pei-on with in any State or di-ti .ct dee hired by him in a
state of msuiiecuon shall he found in aim^ again-t the
Government ol the United States, thirty day-; after the date
of such pioel un.iiion, m mvina; aid and eoinfui t to the pie -
cnt lebelhon, the '•Live-of all Mich pervon-*, wifiiin -neh
State or dt-tijet, shall be made fiee, and theieupo-i the
slavey of all such pei-on<, at the expuauon o! ?aid timty
days, shall bo itee and forever discharged frem any and ail
claim to their labor ot *.erviecj. an\ law or custom of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding
Sf.c. 10 slnd he \t further oiacted, That no slave escap-
ing into any State, Tei i nor\, or the Di-rriet of Columbia,
fioin any other State, shall be delivered up, or tn anyway
impeded or hmd"ied or hi- hbeity. c\eept foi crime, or
some oftense against the l.iw-. unle;-- tlie pei-on rlaimmg
said fugitive shah fii-t make oath that the ppison to whom
the labor or sei vie"• ot -nch furtive i- allentd to b_• due, i«
his lawful ownei, and has* nor home at m- against the United
States inthepiesentiebcllion.noi it. am wn\ <rivep aid ;md
comfort theieto; and no person encased in the mihtaiy oj
naval .-ei vice ot the United Status shall, mulct any picten-e
whatever, assume to d«*Cid" on the validrv of the claim ot
any person to tiie teiviee ot labot of a,i\ otliei per-on, ot
sunender up any such poison to the claimant, on pain ot
being di-smi-scd liom the scivice
Sec:. 11. ~2nd be it fuil/ici enacted. That the Pio-ident ot'
the United States i> .mtlioi izi d t<> employ many pp(-ons
of African descent as he may deem necessary and proper,
for the supptes&ion o: this icbelIioii,aiuUorthispuipo&eiie
may organize and u0c them in :-ucii manner as he may
judge be-t toi the public welfare.
Sec. 1:2. Jludbe it fuithcrcnactcd, That the Pie-identof
the United States is heiehy aathonzed to make ptovision
foi the transportation, colonization, and settlement, in ^ome
tiop.cal counti v bevond the limits of the United States, of
such pei-ons of the Aftican iace, made fiee by the provis-
ion;. of this act. a-> in.iv he willing to emlgiate, h ivi.-.g fu.-t
obtained the eon-ent of ihc Government of <<1 eounrty to
then piotectton and settlement within the same, With all
the right- and piiv.kccs oftieemen.
See. 13 ifind he it thither cnactcd, That the Piesidont U
hereby authotized, at any time liereaitei,by pioclaination,
toextendto pei>on-> t\ho may have pauicipatrd m the ex-
istmgiebellion in any State or pan Iheieof. pardon and am-
nesty, with such exceptions and at such tune and on siieh
conditions as he mav deem expedient tor the public Yvol;ate.
Sec. 14 *-2nd he it fiuthe? cnacted, That the com ts of the
Unitetl States fduill iKive full powet to ui.-titute j>rocecd-
injjSj make oideis and deciee^, i-s ue pioce^-, and do ail
othet tilings nece^saiy to casiy ths-s act into effect.
Mi*. SAULSBURY. I undorstanditisthe wish
of the Senate to 50 into executive session, and as
1 propose to address the Senate on the questions
involved in the confiscation bills, if it is the desire
of the Senate now to §0 into executive session i
will not speak to-night, hut will do so to-morrow
morning when the subject comes up.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mi*. WILSON", of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doois were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mokday, June '23, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Enday last was read and ap- j
proved. I
MESSAGE rilOM THE SENATE. !
A message was lecetved from the Senate by Mr. |
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that j
that bodv had passed a Luil (S. No 3(r2) in reia- !
tion to the Post Oifice Department; ri which he |
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House, j
Also, that he had been directed to return to the |
House bill of the House No, 47*?, to free from  
servitude the slaves of certain rebels engaged in
01* abetting the existing rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, agreeably to its re-
quest.
Also, that he had been directed to return to the
House bill of the Senate No. 172, to reorganize
the lsTavy Department of the United States.
Also, that it had disagreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Indian nppropiiation
bill, insisted on its former action, and asked for
another conference; and had appointed Messis.
Doolittle, Sherman, and Saulsbury, managers
of said conference on its part.
Also, that it had passed House bill No. 364, to
aid 111 the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same forpostal, military, and other purposes, with
sundry amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurience of the House.
Aiso, that it had disagreed to some and agreed
to other amendments of the House to Senate bill
No. 175, to define the pay and emoluments of cer-
tain ofFicetsof the Army,and for other purposes;
and n.skod for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Messis. Wilson-, of Massachusetts,
NnsMiTH, and Howard managers of said confer-
ence on its part.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that the Presidentdid, on the
90th instant, approve and sign bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act to change the port of entry for the dis-
tii-'t of Brunswick, Georgia;
An act to pay B. Y. Shelley for his claim and
improvements taken from him by the Omaha res-
ervation in the Territory of Nebraska; and
An act for the relief of Commodore Hiram
Paulding.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent, of the House for leave to take
fiom the Speaker's table the amendments of the
Senate to the Pacific railroad bil!,m order that
they may be icferred to the select committee on
tiie subject, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER slated the first business in
order to be the call of committees for reports for
reference.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to submit
two reports from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, accompanied by bills, for the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] dianman of that com-
mittee, who could not be present.
Thcte was no objection; and Mr. Thomas, of
Maryland, reported bills of the following titles,
which were severally lead 0 fitst and second time,
referred to the Committre of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
A lull for repairing the St. Thomas Protestant
Episcopal Church at Hancock, Maryland; and_
A bill for the relief of the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company.
NEVADA LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Commit- '
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union from
the further consideration of House bill No. 442,
to establish a land district in the Territory of Ne-
vada, and for other purposes, for the purpose of
putting it on its passage.
Mr," WASHBURNE. Has the bill been re-
ported fiom any committee?
Mi. CRADLEBAUGII. It lias been reeom-
meiicW by tlu- Department, and has also Ijmi le- ,|
poited on favorably by the Committee on 1 ubhe p
Th<M-e was no objection, and the Committee of ij
the Whole on the state of the Union was discharged i;
from the further consideiation of the bill, and it jj
was taken up in the House. n
« The bill, which was read, piovid^s that the n
public lands of the United States in the Territory
of Nevada shall constitute a land district, to be
called the district of Nevada, the office for which
shall be established at such place within the dis-
trict as the President of the United States may
from time to time direct, and the preemption laws
arc extended to the Territory; that the President
be authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a register and receiver
for the district, who shall be required to reside at
the site of the officc, and who shall have the same
powers and perform the same duties as are pre-
scribed by law for other land officers, and whose
compensation shall be the sameasallowed to such
officers by the act approved April 20, 1818, enti-
tled " An act for changing the compensation of
receivers and registers of land 001008;" that when
the settlers in any township or townships, not
mineral or reserved by Government, shall desire
a survey made under the authority of the sur-
veyor general of the United States, and shall file
an application therefor in writing, and deposit in
a proper United States depository to the credit of
the United States a sum sufficient to pay for such
survey, together with all expenses incident thereto,
withoutcost or claim for indemnity on the United
States, it shall be lawful for the surveyor gen-
eral, under such instructions as may be given him
by the Commissioner of the General Land Officc,
and in accordance with existing laws and instruc-
tions, to survey such township or townships, and
make return thereof to the general and proper local
land office; provided the townships so proposed
to be sui veyed are within the range of the regular
progress of the public surveys embraced by ex-
isting standard lines or bases for the township and
subdtvisional surveys.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and being engtossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third t.mc, and passed.
EDUCATION OF COLORED CHILDREN.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill relating to schools for the education
of colored children in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, m the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, and leferied to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
EMANCIPATION IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. LOVLJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce for reference
a bill explanatory of an act entitled "An act for
the release of certain persons held to service or
labor in the District of Columbia," approved
April 10, 18 G2.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is onlyfor reference.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not care what it is
for.
COLORADO DESERT.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill to donate the Colo-
rado desert to the State of California, in order that
it may be put on its passage.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
THANKS TO COMMANDER C. II. DAVIS, ETC.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, introduced a
joint lesohuion tendeiingthe thanks of Congress
to Commander Charles H. Davis, of the United
States Navy, his officers, and crew; which was#
read a Hist and second time and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
CTUULF.S HENRY FOSTER.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I ask the House to take up the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections on the memoiial of sundry
citi7ens of the second congressional distnet of
North Carolina, praying that Charles Henry Fos-
ter might be admitted to a seat in this House as a
Representative from said district.
The Cleik read the report, as follows:
That t'ley have Ii.'ul the >uf)jeeMnatter of suid memorial
umlei cMmuU'iatio)). and have iu'tly heuul Mi. Fo.^tei insup-
pojt of in* el:um No one of the nit'nwi i.ilM-- ha*
befoie the committee. A< all the evidence m suppor/ <>i tl'is
claim "t tlie afoie?aid memorial. \\Inch !■< punt'd
111 Mi^et ildncou.- Document No ,">3. a copy ot «lui) pur-
ported to be <-i memorial at thm v citizens ot Carter* f oom-ty,
"rau'yuig ami ^ppiovifi<j,"> the eleeiion of the claiuMiir. a
cop\ ot arisoivt'in favor oi the fame claau, puipo, (nu to
havi been adopted !>) citizens of Ciaven count), winch htk-r
