18d2<:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
you have accomplished so little against us, I ask
you, suppose we had appealed to your bondmen
to come on our side, where, in God's name, would
you have been to-day ? Do you not see that it is
owing to our forbearance to use the power the
Almighty has put in our hands that you breathe
tlie breathof life to-day. I wonder, sir, that hon-
orable men, statesmen 
HENDERSON". Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him for a moment ?.
. JJlr. WADE. Certainly.
;&£r. HENDERSON. I- appreciate the kind-
ness of the Senator in his allusion to the border
State men; but I desire to ask him if it be desira-
ble to do away with the institution of slavery en-
tirely throughout these States, if he has perfectly
satisfied his mind that his course will accomplish
it sooner than the course of the border State men ?
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am not per-
mitted t6 choose my course; and this leads me to
another observation that I will make on a point
which has been very much argued here: what is
the object of the war? For what is it prosecuted?
Is it-for the purpose of abolition and emancipa-
tion? Gentlemen have sometimes charged that
the war was commenced and prosecuted with that
view. So far from it, we had no choice in the
matter. The war was commenced upon us, and
all there was fo* as to do was purely the right of
self-defense. We had no other alternative,
j Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will excuse
me for saying I certainly made no such argument.
Mr. WADE. I did not say the gentleman did.
I excuse him, and know thatamong all the saga-
cious men in the South he is among the most
liberal. He cannot help seeing that a great many
things I have said here to-day are true.
Sir, if you are not able to make head againstus
in the field, it is not because-you are not equally
brave and enterprising; it is not even for the lack
of numbers; but it is because slavery has impov-
erished you, emasculated you, and now without
our appealing to the force you feel would be most
potent to put you down, you are still on the de-
clining side. I do not invoke it; but when I see
black regiments put forward to shoot down my
sons who are in the war, and your relatives, when
I see these, black chattels thrust forth in front of
the chivalrous owners to shoot down, murder,
and destroy our men who have gone to the fields
only in defense of our glorious institutions, I am
strongly tempted to make the appeal, and say to
your bondsmen: "Stand forth invested in the
rights wherewith God Almighty has clothed you;
come to our side; help to fight the battles of free-
dom, and you shall be free." It would only be
a righteous retribution to those who have held
them against common right. Suppose we should
do it, \\4iat would become of you, my friends?
Where would you be? Talk to us of prosecuting
the war in a vindictive spirit! You may thank
your God that we have been as forbearing as we
have.
But, sir, I was diverted from the course of argu-
ment I wanted to pursue. I say these reflections
fill me with wonder that sagacious, honorable men
of the southern States do notof their own accord
arise and put down an institution that so weakens
and emasculates them, and which places them in
the power of the free States around them when-
ever they shall think best to put them down. My
border State friends might just as well look this
subject square in the face as not. I am not an
abolitionist in the sense in which they speak of
abolition; but I am going to announce the plain
fact.
I have said that in the progress of nations, after
a certain advance in civilization and the arts, sla-
very becomes impossible. Deeply rooted as this
institution of slavery was, every invention of a
useful character for a thousand years has tended
to make it impossible. Once you might work the
galley slave with profit. Warlike nations for-
merly put slaves aboard of their armed ships to
row them to the enflmy, and made them labor in
that way. Could that system be continued now?
Slavery might then be useful m war when nobody
knew any better, and when the nation having the
most slaves to man its galleys was the strongest
and most powerful. Huw is it when you put the
galley skive against the steam engine ? Was it
any abolitionist that rose up and argued down the |
institution? Can you work a naked savage or a
negro against a steam engine? If you cannot,
your system is at an end. Every labor-saving
machine is an abolitionist. Every puff of the en-
gine upon a railroad is an abolition sermon, more
potent and more effective than was ever preached
by mouth of abolitionist. Can you work a slave,
carrying his bundle on his back, against the tre-
mendous power and energy of your railroad ? Can
you put the one against the other? How is it with
the reaper we have introduced into our fields to
harvest our grain, the tremendous power of our
mowing-machines, power-looms, and spinning-
jennies? I might count over from now till to-mor-
row the instrumentalities that have rendered your
system absolutely impossible; and yet against the
laws of God and nature, you are hanging on with
pertinacity to a system that has passed away, and
can never be renewed.
Sir, I am not very solicitous about it. It is
very rare that you hear me speak on this subject
of slavery; but when gentlemen rise here day by
day and talk about the object of this war, whether
it be for; the perpetuation of slavery or freedom, 1
think it best to take a common-sense view of the
subject and see how it stands. I am so entirely
convinced of its impoteney, its failure to answer
the requisitions of the state of civilization to which
we have approached, that I have no fears of it.
Sir, it will pass away. If every man in this Sen-
ate, if every man in. this Congress, stood forth as
an advocate for perpetual and eternal slavery, it
would only be the poor instrumentalities of man
fighting against God. God and nature have de-
termined the question, and we shall not affect it
much either way. But I throw out these hints to
these gentlemen who seem to believe that the
world will notgo round when slavery isabolished.
As the Almighty sometimes overrules the wick-
edness of man to perfect a glorious end, so the
hand of God was never more obvious than in this
rebellion. Slavery might have staggered along
against the improvement of the age, against the
common consent of mankind, a scoff and a by-
word on the tongue of all civilized nations for a
great many years, but this rebellion has sealed its
fate and antedated the time when it becomes im-
possible. You cannot escape from this war with-
out the emancipation of your negroes. It will not
bo because I am going to prcach it; it will not be
because I am going to move anything in that di-
rection; but it is because I sec the hand of God
taking hold of yOur own delinquency to overrule
for good what your rulers meant for evil. Pro-
slavery men seem to suppose that the Ruler of
the universe is a pro-slavery Being; but if I have
not mistaken Him greatly, He is at least a grad-
ual emancipationist. [Laughter.] *
This war, you say, should not be prosecuted
for the purpose of abolishing slavery. I grant it.
After we got into it—perhaps it is not very hon-
orable to make the admission,butuisso—we did
pass a resolution here that we would not prose-
cute this war with the idea of abolishing slavery,
I believe I voted for that resolution. I did not care
with what view you prosecuted the war; I knew
slavery was gone, whatever your views might be.
I warned gentlemen of it in that famous committee
of thirteen. I was a member of that committee,
which contained almost every high officer of the
so-called southern confederacy, with Mr. Davis
at their head. Month after month we discussed
this principle. I told those gentlemen, *'1 rely
infinitely more upon you to abolish slavery than
upon all the Garrisons and Fosters and Phillipses
on earth. They are theorists; they are right in
theory, but they never will harm a hair of your
head; but you attempt this secession, and the first
blast of civil war is the death-warrant of your insti-
tution. " It was so.
The part of wisdom, then, in any border State
man is to elevate himself above the prejudices of
the times, above the strong prepossessions of ed-
ucation, which I can make as much allowance for
as anybod y. I say, elevate yourselves to the great
principles of human .destiny and to the great crisis
in which we are placed. The fate of your dar-
ling institution is scaled. All human institutions
must finally come to an end; but, thank God, the
worst of them has come to an end first. You can-
not defend it, if you would. You do yourselves
infinite harm m not conforming to what is the
plain and most manifest will of the Almighty; and
that is, that your bondsmen shall be free. Regu-
late your institutions accordingly; follow the in-
dications of Providence that are thrown out so
plainly in your path, and all will be well. Any
attempt to resist them will be worse than idle,
nugatory, and vain.
In regard to the amendments to this bill I have
but little to say after the most forcible and con-
clusive argument made yesterday by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morrili..] He proved con-
clusively that the argument and the bill of the
Senator from Vermont did not very well accord.
That bill or substitute does nothing to the rebels
until peace is proclaimed. It proceeds on the as-
sumption that this Government in all its parts is
invested with full power in ail its judicial tribu-
nals to go on just the same as though it were a
time of profound peace. Sir, there is nothing more
unphilosophic, nothing I will say more unstates-
manlike, than for a man to overlook the condition
in which the country is plunged, and make just
such provisions and provide just such remeaies
for evils now as he would when the Government
in all its parts stood upright, when every delin-
quency could be prosecuted in any of your courts
with a full assurance that impartial justice would
be done both to the accused and the accuser. Is
that the condition of things now? Do gentlemen
wish to close their eyes and blink the fact that
over a territory larger than the half of Europe you
cannot summon a jury, you have not a judge to
try a case who is not liable to the condemnation
that you seek to have him pronounce. No, sir;
that cannotbe done. But Congress is invested in
this tremendous crisis of our nation with power
to provide all things and anything which it is
thought will best ministerto the putting down of
this rebellion and the restoration in its integrity
of the glorious old Constitution of our fathers.
Sir, I repeat in conclusion, that any remedy
that you provide that has no reference to putting
down this rebellion, and only looks to the pun-
ishment of traitors after peace shall be proclaimed
everywhere, is not a remedy that seems to me to
be wise. It would be a kind of vindictiveness.
Badly as these men have used us, venomous as
they have shown themselves—mutilatingourdead,
murdering our prisoners, doing every wrong that
savage malice could invent—still if they would lay
down their arms to-day and come into the fold
and ask pardon for their infernal treason, 1 do not
feel that 1 could coolly go on under the bill of the
Senator from Vermont to take their lives. That
would be no remedy. It would be wreaking mere
vengeance upon those who were deprived of power
to defend themselves. The magnanimity of the
American people would forbid the creation of any
such tribunal as that. As my friend from Maine
said, the American people would not brook the
bloody assize traversing front State to Slate for
the purpose of summoning juries and hanging
men, who, whatever their past crimes mighthave
been, were now entirely in their power. They
are to be dealt with as the American people would
see fit to deal with them. Their magnanimity
would forgive them, and your bill would be power-
less. I want the remedy provided by my friend
from Illinois, that has reference to all these things,
and which proposes to indemnify the Treasury
for the vast sacrifices that we have been compelled
to make in our defense.
Sir, if there was anything wrong in our posi-
tion, the whole tenor of this argument would be
changed; but there is not. What have we done?
What have those of us who stand here for the
Constitution and the laws done that should pro-
voke these scoundrels to this position of rebel-
lion? They have made it incumbent upon us to
defend ourselves or die. For what purpose? For
no other or better purpose than to establish a
government founded on eteinal slavery. Sir, we
have indices by which we know what the traitors
sought. It was despotism against freedom. Mr.
Stephens, who is the very brain of the southern
rebellion, in his inaugural address, undertook to
set forth the principleson which this southern con-
federacy was to be founded; and he went on philo-
sophically to state that the purpose of it was to
make slavery the basis of their institutions, which
would be eternal. He believed it was the will of
God and the order of Providence that some men
were born to rule, and some men to be their slaves
and their servants. He took great credit to them-
selves that they of the South had made this grand
discovery, which had escaped all men up to that
period. This, sir, is the principle on which this
war is prosecuted. If you want to know the
