THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C,* RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1862.
New Series No. 57.
^eternally—general declamation against wrong;
and when we find a case, it is to be put down as
an extraordinary emergency, and winked over.
Tlittt is the solemn truth about the matter.
I shall not oppose this bill, and after the expla-
nation that has been made by the Senator from
Maine, I shall not oppose the amendment-, but I
must say that I think it unfortunate, exceedingly
unfortunate, and indicative of a gross want of that
knowledge of public affairs which ought to exist
in the heads of our Departments, and an evidence
pfsuch gross mismanagement as, I venture to say,
the history of no civilized nation on the face of the
earth ever exhibited since the beginning of time,
that it should be necessary for them, in addition
to the regular estimates they sent in at the com-
mencement of the session, on the 1st of Decem-
ber, now to come in and ask for an appropriation
in one gross sum of $76,000,000, to supply these
deficiencies.
But, sir, I do not want to be unjust to the pub-
lic creditors; and, as I said before, after the ex-
planation made by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, I shall not vote against the amend-
ment; but I shall not take back, unless I am mere
satisfied than i am now, one word that I have said
in condemnation of this measure. I think, upon
the whole—I will notsaywhatl think; I was going
to say I thought it disgraceful; but I will notsay
it. [Laughter.]
A friend of mine, since I have been up, has put
in my hand an advertisement which explains what
is going on, and explains what the head of this De-
partment cannot explain, the necessity for these
appropriations. I will read it. It is an adver-
tisment from the New York Herald:
" A good looking, affable young man, who has just com-
pleted a large and'piofitable Government contract, is dc-
siious of foiming the acquaintance of a young lady who is
Willing to share the proceeds and his lot."' [Laughter.]
That, sir, explains the necessity of these great
appropriations.
Mr. HOWE. 1 regret more than anything that
has transpired since the commencement of hostili-
ties, the desertion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. I started the opposition to this amendment,
and framed it for his especial latitude and longi-
tude. I thought if it addressed itself to the con-
sideration of anybody in the Senate, it would ad-
dress itself to him; and I was very glad when he
stepped to my side and proposed to give me the
light of his countenance to light me through this
dark passage.
Mr. CLARK. " Darksome w^y."
Mr. HOWE. This darksome way. I thank
my friend, the poet from New Hampshire. New
Hampshire seems almost to monopolize the poetry
of the session.
However, as the matter now stands, I suppose I
shall be compelled to vote against this amendment
alone. It is a desperate position to be placed in;
but I believe I had a little rather do it than to back
out. I was not satisfied with this amendment, not
exactly for the reasons stated by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that I had
discovered a discrepancy between the statement
here and a statement from the author of the letter,
contained in another letter addressed to myself.
That is not the only reason, nor the mam reason,
why I am opposed to this amendment. I am on
principle inclined to think it is dangerous to ap-
propriate the large sum of $76,000,000 upon the
call of any officer, no matter wlio he is, who tells
you he does not know what he wants it for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is assuming
what is not true in reference to it. He does tell
what he wants it for distinctly. He does not give
the estimates in dollars and cents, but he does tell
you what he wants it for, and gives the reasons
in full
Mr. HOWE. I made the assumption with the
document in my hand. I have read it; and I
think, before I go any further, I will send it to
the Secretary and have it read again to the Sen-
ate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tion will be read.
57
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, D. C., February 3,18G2.
Sir: Shoitly after I entered upon the duties of the War
Department, the Quartermaster General informed mo that
he had discoveted that the estimates for appropriations re-
quired by his department would not he sufficient to meet
the exigencies of the Government. lie and the heads of the
other bureaus were required to furnish estimates of what
additional appropriations would be required lor their re-
spective branches of the service. 1 have the honor to sub-
mit herewith:
1. An estimate by the Quartermaster General of addi-
tional appropriations required bv him, amounting to the
sum of #76,500,000.
2. An estimate by the chief of ordnance of additional
appiopriations required by him, $10,458,500.
Permit me to add that there is an urgent necessity for im-
mediate provision for the quartennaster'H department. The
appiopnations at his command aio leduced to a very small
smn, less than two hundied thousand dollars. The wants
of the forccs m the field and the military expenditures on
foot aie very pi easing. Attention is lequested to the letters
of the Quartermaster General and Paymaster General on
tins point. Measures have already been taken, and will be
vigoiously pursued, to retrench the expenditures by brigade
and tegumental quartermasters, and wheiever else the ser-
vice Will admit of retrenchment. By vigilant inspection,
and piompt punishment of abuses when detected, there is
reason to believe that extravagant waste will be cheeked,
and a more economical administration ol* public property
promoted.
I have the honor to be, verv respectfully, vour obedient
setvant, EDWJN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. W. P. Fessenden,
Chairman Committee on finance. United States Senate.
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington City, January 29, 18G2.
Sir: I beg leave to call youi attention to the fact, that the
appropriations for the seivice of the quartermaster's depart-
ment are exhausted.
The estimates piesented to Concress at the last session
weie intended to piovide tut the mpport, clothing, and
movemenh-ot an At my ot three hunched and nine thousand
men. Cowness authorized the Piei-ident to acccpt the
*ei vices ot live bundled thousand volunteers, and increased
tlio tegular Aimy to about fitly thousand men; but appro-
piiated for the use of thi-* department, lor the service ot the
fiscal year endinir June 33, 18G2, only the sunn estimated
for the army ot tlnee hundied thousand men.
Seven months of the year have passed; large and most
costly expeditions by seaitnd land have been fitted out; an
Aimy estimated by the Seeictaiy of War at siv hundied and
sixty thousand nine hundied and seventy-one men lias been
raised and put in the field. The appiopnations are ex-
hausted, and the depaitment is heavily in debt for transport
ation and clothing, and finds it-elf unable to pay pioiuptly
for the supplies even of forage, indispensable to maintain
its position in the face of the enemy.
The puces of supplies are already limine;; contractors,
manufaetuiers,and dealers have strained their credit to the
utmost, and should they break down we may be unable, at
any puce, to supply our cavahy, aitilluiy, and baggage
trains with foiagt!.
The teamsters and others employed on the trains, who
arc nearly all lured laboiers, may desert the service in
which they can only be retained byiegular pay, and the
Armv will bo paralyzed at the moment when its greatest
exf'tUons are called lor.
On the 27th of November la&tl presented an estimate for
deficiencies of appropriations, amounting to $28,713,586 77.
(See page 197 ot the annual estimates, as printed at this ses-
sion of Congress.)
These estimate* were made up fiom the best data in pos-
session of this office, and upon a basis of an aimy of five
hundied thousand volunteers and forty-five thousand regu-
lars. It i  evident that thev will not be sufficient for an
aimy o? my hundred and sixty-one thousand men.
I have lately made an attempt to estimate the floating debt
of this Department. By the report*, called for by telegraph,
1 find evidence that it already exceeds this estimate of de-
ficiencies.
We have no experience of the cost and contingencies ot
canying on war uu a great scale, and it is bejond any hu-
man foresight to estimate it with accuracy. The Army is
said to lar exceed m number that intended to be Mised. It
was raised ir xgulaily, upon the spui of extreme danger. It
was impossible for the offieeis ot this department, lew in
nunibci and overburdened with duties, to provide all the
suppiies needed as rapidly as the Aimy gievv. The State
authorities, the efforts ot pamotie committees and citizens,
all were by the foiee of encumstances called into play, and
the result has been an Army of gi eat size, well equipped in
a marvelous short time, but at great cost.
The lnlls ot the States, of committees of citizens for sup-
plies procured by their cxettioin. the accounts of numer-
ous quaiterma.steis appointed fioni civil 1'u'e without ex-
perience or knowledge, all eoine to this department for
settlement, and the eostot the equipment thus got together
is much beyond that of the equipment of the regular Army
which was'mamuactuied at a single establishment by ex-
perienced workmen, undei the 'superintendence of officers
giowu old in the service.
No expedition of any magnitude to operate bv sea can be
fitted out except at the co t of millions. The whole Aimy
has been moved over the railroads oi the country; large
parts of it sent on long voyaged by sea; and the precedents
of the service fail when used in estimating for this new
state of things.
There is in the depots at New York, Philadelphia, and In
same of the western depots, a very large stock of clothing
and materials for clothing. Large quantities of tents anil
camp equipage arc also on hand. The means for paying for
them are exhausted. Of the principal materials for cloth-
ing or clothing made up, and of camp and garrison equipage,
I presume that about six month's supply is now on hand.
A very large stock of wagons and harness has been pur-
chased, and great numbers of horses, a tjjumber of which
have been furnished for purposes of transportation. The
destruction of these, however, is very great; and I contin-
ually receive requisitions for more. Until lately, I have
been able to fill these orders, though not without running
heavily into debt.
Now the army in Kentucky, that at Port Royal, and that
in Missom i complain of delay for want of means of trans-
portation ; and certain western railroads have given notice
that unless their bills are paid they must discharge theli
hands, and stop carrying troops. Nearly all the available
sea-going steamers of the country not purchased by the Navy
have been bought or chartered for the various coast expe-
ditions, and I have not now the means of paying the pur- .
chase money of many, or the charter money of others.
Much of the clothing purchased by inexperienced agenta
when the factories of the countiy could not supply the de-
mand for Arniy goods, proves to be of inferior strength and
durability. Some of this was unavoidable with the groatest
care. Some frauds have been committed. This clothing'
soon wears out, and in many cases the issues have been
much in excess of the usual allowance. An army of raw
soldieis in camp knows not how to take care of health or
property.
The estimate submitted from this department for the^
service of the year ending June 30,1863, for an aimy of
five hundred and forty-five thousand men, amounts to
,•$132,000,000. If it be increased in the ratio of the number
■offive hundred and foity-five thousand to six hundred and
sixty-one thousand, the latter being the strength of the
Aimy actually in service, as estimated by the Secretaiy of
War in hi«s annual report, the appropiiation needed for the
seivice of the year ending June 30,1833, if the war should
unfortunately last so loner, would amount to $L48.000,000.
From the experience of the past seven months, I am con-
vinced that the cost of the first year of the war will not be
less than that of the second, The Army has been crcated,
oigauized, and equipped so rapidly that "the incic'ascof cost
over the usual supplies will fully make up for the fact that
during the first months of the fiscal year it had not reached
its lull strength. The greater part of the Army has been
transported from long distances. The great expeditions by
sea have been fitted out, and are only supplied at gieat ex-
pense. I think, therefore, that the estimate for deficiencies
should be so increased as to make the total appropiiation
for the fiscal year ending June :K), 386*2, equal to those
needed for the year ending June 30, 1863, the second ytfar
of the war.
The appropriations heretofore made for the service ot the
quartermaster's depaitment,for the year ending 30th June,
1862, amount to $71,464,134 56. (See page 68, of annual
estimates, as printed at this session of Congress.)
To increase them to the estimates of next year, would
require, therefore, a further appropriation for deficiencies
in appropriations for transportation, for clothing, and for
other supplies and sei vices of the quartermaster'^ depart-
ment, during the year ending30th June, 1862, of $76,500,000.
Considering the great difficulty of forming any accurate
estimates of the co^t of hostilities upon the scale on which
they arc now carried on, I submit that .some larjge sum
should be placed at the disposal of the President for sup-
pressing the rebellion. The piacticeoi making appropria-
tions only on specific estimates, however necessary and im-
portant in time of peace, leads to delay and injury to the
efficiency of the public service in time of war. The esti-
mates lot warded at the commencement of the session, aa
those sent in at the extra ses-siou of Congress, were eaio-
fully prepared with the best data at the command of this
office. They'have proved insufficient, and I think that tlx?
experience of the war, thus far, shows the impoitance of
some such appropriation as here advised.
This cour.se is not without precedent. Congress has in
form or tunes placed l.uge sums at the disposal of the Pres-
ident for suppression ot hostilities, for defense of the coun-
try against probable attacks.
The power given to the President to u*e a sum of
$100,000,000 to meet any unforeseen exigency, or to aid a
branch of the service for which the appropriations made
upon regular estimates proved inadequate, would give great-
er confidence and security to tho-,c who have heretofore or
may hereafter give to the Government their manufactures,
their goods, or their services, in the firm conviction that the
country will see them repaid.
I am, very re*p<sctfullv« your obedient servant, ^
isr. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. E. 31. Stanton, Secretary of IVar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
me, I should like to have the other letter read,
which was received this morning;.
The Secretary rend the following: letter:
q,U\llll.k.ttasikk getfrral/8 Ofkicr.
Washington City, Felrruanj 19, 1865.
Sir: The estimates for deficiencies in appropriations for
the quartermaster's department for the present fiscal >ear
ending June 30, 1862, presented to th« Secietaiy of War
under date of 29th January, 1882, amounting to .^6,500^000,
was intended to take the place of that of .$28,715,58* > 7 at
