2880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
papers accompany this report, and what was said by Mr.
Foster himself, in support of ins own claim, the committee
deemed it best that the House should have the benefit of the
latter also. They therefoie employed a stenographer, and
all that Mr. Foster offered to the committee in support of his
claim accompanies this report. Therefore, the entire claim
rests upon what may be found in said Miscellaneous Doc-
ument No. 53, and the papers accompanying this report. U
appeared so plain to the committee that (he memorialists
and Mr. Foster himself had failed to show the slightest foun-
dation for this chum that nothing more than a brief state-
ment of it is deemed necessary. This is the fourth time that
Mr. Foster has claimed to have been clected a Repiesenta-
tive to the Thirty-Seventh Congress, irom the State of Noah
Carolina—twice from the fiist and twice ftom the second
district. On the 18fh day of December last the House
adopted, without, division, the following resolution :
u Resolved, That Charles Heniy Foster is not entitled toa
soatm thus House asalieprcocntauve m theTlmly-Sevemh
Congress, either from the fii&t or from the second distuctof
North Carolina."
The present claim is based entirely upon proceedings
which have transpired since that date. Those pioceodinga
consist of what pui ports to be a poll list of eighty-one votes
cast for Mr. Foster at Chickamacomieo precinct, on the 16 th
of February last, supported by a copy of a paper purporting
to be signed by thirty citizens of Carteret county, " ratify-
ing and approving" said election, and a copy of a resolution
of iike pui port, supposed to have been adopted by some citi-
zens, how many it is not known, of Craven county. The
other voting presented to the committee were proceedings
upon which a former election was claimed, which claim
was unanimously lejected by the House.
The second district of North Carolina is composed of the
counties of Wayne, Edgecomb, Gieen, Pitt, Lenoir, Jones,
Onslow, Cat teret, Craven, Beaufoit, and Hyde, and usually
caus about nine thousand votes. The iegtij.tr <l.iy of elec-
tion was the first Thursday in August, 1SG1. There was
no election for members ot Congress held on that day. be-
cause the whole State was at that time in the armed occu-
pation of rebels. Since then some portions of it have been
leelaimed, and the authority of the Government asserted
therein. The single voting place of Cinekamaconiico,
wheie alone was any evidence of voting at this election, is
in that part of Hyde county which is called llatteras Banks.
The claimant admits that voting in any other precinct in the
district would be impossible, because ever} other piccnict
was either in the artrted occupation of the rebels oi under
the control of our own Army. who%e commanding general
had tot hidden political meetings altogether. And even theie
the claimant knew of none who would have voted if an
opportunity had offered. This voting at Cluckamaeoimco
\\\u without the slightest authority ot law. No election had
been called. No win of election had been i-sued. Theie
was no Governor of the State, piuvi-qonal. militajy, or of
any other character but the iehel govemoi, to is^uw one.
The memorial of Unity names, puipoiting to be of citi-
zen* of Carteret county, latifymg and appiovmgot such an
e!< etion, was of an anomalous character. The pap«;r pie-
vnted to the House was a copy. The committee called for
the onginal, and when piodueed it was found to be, e.xcept
the naine-s, in the handwriting of the claimant himself, to
be without date, and the names themselves to be written,
nmny of them, in one handwriting, though not thar of the
claimant. His account of tins paper wib, that it was pre-
pared by him foj, and handed to the man whose name was
fast upon it; that if was returned to him «oirn? time m .May
of the present year by the editor of the Newborn 1'iogiess,
who appeared to have been a .Massachu^etu volunteer, de-
tailed trom the twenty-fifth regiment or that State to edit a
papei at Newborn, in what manner the names weie ob-
tained upon it the claimant did not know. Theougmal of
the iCMjive, purpoiting to have oomc tiom citizens of da-
wn countv, the committee have never teen, and they arc
entnely ignorant of the numbei, ehaiacter, or residence of
the peifton^ who adopted it.
This is the whole ot the case. It is ditlieiilt to understand
how any one can, seriously and «n good taith, claim this to
be an election of a Representative" to the Thirty-Seventh
Congress. The committee have not deemed it neeessm
to add aigument to o Minpie statement.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
have had several hearings at different times upon
the claims of Mr. Foster to a seat in this House.
Of the proceedings before the comnutteo there has
been no record that the House hay had any knowl-
edge of. On one occasion the testimony was of so
remarkable a character that it was the opinion of
the committee that had they had a stenographer ;
who could have recorded these proceedings and i
spread them before tins House, the House would
not have been troubled again with this case.
When the case camc up upon a new application,
based upon what was claimed to be a new election,
the committee took the liberty to employ a ste-
nographer, so that what transpired in the commit-
tee room, being the evidence upon which the claim
was based, could be reproduced before the Finite.
The committee employed a stenographer without
any authority from the House. The expense is
somewhat less than twenty-five dollars, and I ask
the consent of the House that a lvsolution author-
izing the Committee of Accounts to audit the same
may be adopted.
Ao objection being made, the following resolu-
tion was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th.it tho Committee of Account- be aut'ioi tzed
to audit and allow the chaige of the steuogiapherenjploj ed
by the Committee of Kiemons in the case of Chailes lluirv
Foster. J
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire myself to oc-
cupy the time of the House at all upon this report.
The claimant desires to be heard. I have given
him notice several times that I was going to call
up this case at any time'I could obtain the floor.
He was here at the opening of the session this
morning, but I do not now see him in the House.
I do not desire to call the previous question, nor
do I desire to postpone it. The case is in the
keeping of the House.
The question was put upon the resolution of the
committee, and it was adopted.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentle man will not
make that motion, for, pcradventurc, this appli-
cant may desire to say something upon a motion
to reconsider.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I renew it.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague upon the
committee will leave the matter open.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. The House
has been sufficiently occupied with this matter.
It has once been voted a fraud upon the House,
and I believe it to be a fraud now.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with my colleague in
all that; but it is a shoiter way to dispose of the
case by letting the man be heard than by refusing
him a hearing. I agree that the whole matter, if
not absolutely an out and out fraud, is as baseless
as the fabric of a vision; and I would rather he
would demonstrate it to the House than that he
should goto the country and complain that we
have stifled him. That is all.
Mr. BROWNE, ofRhode Island. 1 msistupon
my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Phelps, of Missouii, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 187) to au-
thorize the issue of demand Treasury notes.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Chairman, I have given a
cheerful support to all measures heretofore pro-
posed to raise armies, to build fleets, to make ad-
equate provision for the payment of our troops
and supplies, to place liberal means in the hands
of the Executive to put down a causeless and
wicked rebellion; but the measure now under con-
sideration is so needless, so unwise, and will lead
to such disaster and ruin that I cannot sanction it.
As the fiscal year is about closing, and in order
that our financial condition and operations may be
clearly understood, permit me to present a balancc
sheet.
The acts passed at the called and regular sessions
of this Congress have authorized the following
loans and issue of notes and bonds:
Act of l'/th July, 1801:
Si\ pei cent, twenty year bonds .<550,000.000
Seven and three tenths per cent, three y eai notes 130.000,000
Notes payable on demand  5'J.OOO.OOO
§250,000.000
Act of lOth February, 1862:
Notes pavahit; on demand  10,000,000
Act oi 2otli Februaiy, 1862:
Tumsuiv notes, legal tender $150,000,000
To rede< m demand uotus  60.000,000
Act of 23th F< bruaiv, 1852:
Six per cent, live-twenty ye<u bonds 
Act of 23th of February and J2th Maich
Temporary deposits 
Act of Ut Maich :
Certificates of indebtedness 50,030.000
90,000,000
500.000,000
50,000.000
Grand total .$9.jO,OOO.UOO
Of these funds thus provided and placed at the
disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury, there
had been used, as per account rendered on the 29th
of May, after deducting the old debt and the in-
crease ot debt up to the 1st nf July, for winch pro-
vision had been made by the Thirty-Smh Con-
gress, just about four hundred million dollais.
Taking that amount fiom the grand total of au-
thorized loans and issues, and it will be seen that
the Department has been furnished with notes
and securities still untouched to the amount of
$550,000,000, besides being empowered to issue
an unlimited amount in twelve months' promis-
sory notes, disciimiiidtingly called certificates of
indebtedness.
In reposing such trusts in the Secretary of the
Treasury,an almost boundless power has already
been granted to draw forth the resources of the
country, and by other legislation to increase our
yearly income lie has been aided to maintain and
augment its credit. It may be prudent and just
to our constituents to pause and inqmie before
hastily sanctioning the proposed measure, which
I view with amazement, whether the power thus
fai bestowed has been skillfully and propeily used.
In consequence of the appeals for relief of public
creditors, of the sinking condition of our national
credit, and the knowledge that our sailors and sol-
diers were unpaid,! was induced to examine into
the cnndition-of our financial affairs shortly after*
the holiday recess, and in a speech which 1 deliv-
ered in this Chamber oil the 13th of January last,
which was prompted solely by a solemn sense of
duty, I endeavored to point out the wretched state
of our finances, the procrastinating failure to seize
golden opportunities, and the wasteful misappli-
cation of means at the command of those controll-
ing the Treasury Department. I was then con-
vinced, and subsequentevents have sustained and
fortified that conviction, that the whole manage-
ment of our finances was characterized by a resort
to temporary expedients, mere make-shifts, and
a reliance on the fluctuating accidents and fortunes
of the hour.
On the 17th of January the memorable resolution
was introduced and passed, with scarcely a dis-
senting voice, pledging Congress to levy by a tax
such internal duties as would, in connection with
the tariff on foreign importations, fully realize a
yearly revenue of §150,000,000. From that hour
our credit began to mend. The Treasury note
bill, which was projected and proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means and adopted by
the Secretary of theT reasury, was then introduced
in the material form in which it was finally adopted.
When that bill was on its passage the gentleman
who ably advocated it, the chairman of the Ways
and Means, gave this House and the country a
grave assurance, which was unquestionably sin-
Gere, that no further increase of such notes would
be required or solicited. The assurance gave much
satisfaction to many gentlemen of prudence and
sagacity, and gained for the measure a large sup-
port.
Following close upon the heels of the act au-
thorizing the issue of notes for §150,000,000, and
of bonds at six per cent, for twenty years, re-
deemable at pleasure of the Government after five
years, for $500,000,000; and of the receipt, upon
interest, of$25,000,000—subsequently enlarged to
theextentot $50,000,000—was the one previously
alluded to of permitting the issue of an unlimited
amount of twelve months'promissory notes. Te
ascertain what disposition has been made of the
loans authorized by these several acts, let us ex-
amine the statement of general indebtedness dated
the 59th of May, 1862, in connection with the let-
ter dated the 7th of June, and signed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, it appeals that under the
easy and simple process of printing1 and engrav-
ing the Treasury notes—legal fender—authorized
by the act of the 25th February, $90,000,000 were
scattered far and wide within the short period of
two months, with lavish extravagance. * That is-
sue was then exhausted, with the exception of a
few notes since issued to exchange for a like num-
ber of the $60,000,000 of demand notes, when re-
ceived in payment of public dues.
The system of receiving money on deposit has
woiked well, as it enables the Government to get
a large sum of money at a low rate of interest,
and unless we meet with a serious reverse it is not
likely to he withdrawn until a prospect of peace
shall call for its investment or employment. In
consequence, therefore, of the general stagnation
of trade, and the reduced demand for currency, a
huge sum of idle capital has been temporarily
placed m the Treasury to earn even a small rate
of interest. For several months past the people
have been loaning to the batiks §10,000,000 on the
average moie than the banks have loaned for com-
mercial purposes, the whole amount of bank loans
in New York being $140,000,000, of which sum
§40,000,000 js loaned to the Government on tem-
porary deposit, and only $100,000,U00 to the mer-
