898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
page 197 of the annual estimates printed at this session of
Congress. 1 beg leave to invite your attention to the let-
ters of this department of the 38th and 29th of January,
which accompanied this estimate when nansmitted to the
Secretary of War. f then urged the importance of some
general appropriation to be placed at the disposal of the Pres-
ident to meet the eontmgeticies.of war, which set all esti-
mates at defiance. I also stated that 1 was then making
an attempt to ascertain the floating debt of the quartermas-
ter's department. Returns since received carry the debt in
the latter part of January up to $50,000,000. This is larger
than T had supposed. From it should be deducted what-
ever requisitions made by this office had not by the Treas-
ury been remitted and reached the officers at the several
points of expenditures al the date of their telegiaphic re-
ports. The amount thus delayed or in transitu, I have not
the means of ascertaining. It was probably large. The reg-
ular appropriations for the service of the department at the
last session were, as stated iu the letter to the Secretary of
War of January 28, nearly $71,500,000. Neglecting the
sums in transit to the officers, and the requisitions of this
office on the Treasury not acted upon, the floating debt of
$50,000,000 indicates an exp< nditure m organizing and
equipping the Armv and collecting Jt upon the bolder, of
$122,500,000 in the'first seven months of ihe fiscal year.
The estimate of $76,300,000 would pay off the debt of
$50,000,000, and leave only $26,500,000 to carry on the op-
erations of the department from the latter pait of January,
say five and a half months, to the end of next June. I do
not now think that it will be enough for the purpose. If
I may advise, therefore, I think that it will be wise to let
• the specific appropriation for deficiencies at page 8 of the
bill, lines thiiteen to nineteen, stand as appropriated by
the House of Representatives, and add the gro«s sum of
$76,500,000 as estimated on the 29th of Januai y. The fui-
ther appropriation of a sum to be at the disposal of the Pres-
ident to meet any deficiency in appiopiiathms, would be
only prudent.
The estimate of appropriations for expenses of keeping,
transporting, and supplying pi isoners, was made on a basis
of ten thousand prisoners. We have lately taken nearly
double that number, and if the Aimy goes on as it has lately,
may probably look to being obliged to piovideaUvaysfor not
less than twenty thousand prisoners while it lasts. It will
bo well to introduce an item lor supplies, tran^pouaiion,and
care of prisoners during the fiscal vear ending 30th June,
1862, of$l,000,000, and if the war continues a year, to double
the appropriation tor that purpose for next year at page 7.
I remain, sir, very lespeetfuliv, your obedient servant,
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. William F. Fcssenden, United States Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I said after having read thatfirst
letter—the one just read T had never seen—that
the Quartermaster General was notable to tell us
and did not tell us what he wanted this $76,000,000
for. I repeat the statement. If the chairman of
the committee can explain to us what lie wants it
for, T shall listen to him with a great deal more
satisfaction than I have listened to the letter a sec-
ond time. He undertakes to explain why he calls
for this large deficit. He tells us that he estimated
for an Army of three hundred thousand men, or
about that. He estimated for his deficiencies on
the 27th of November last. Then he knew or
ought to have known what the Avmy was. He
then estimated his deficiencies at $28,000,000. In
January he writes this letter to the Secretary of
War, and recommends that the $23,000,000 be in-
creased to $76,000,000. In February he writes to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance and
recommends that the item of $28,000,000 stand,
and that the $76,000,000 be added to it. The two
apologies for this are, first, that the Army has been
increased very much beyond what he originally
estimated for, and second, that the plan of opera-
tions in the field has been quite different from what
he had anticipated. He talks aboutjin army of
six hundred and sixty-one thousand*men. 1 do
not suppose there is a man in the United States
who believes we have any such army in the field.
1 was told by a very competent authority a few
weeks since, that upon the closest examination he
could make, the best data he could find, we had but
a little over four hundred and fifty thousand men
in the field. I suppose he had access to all data
in military quarters; he was Commander-in-Chief,
and ought to have had. I do not suppose wc
have five hundied thousand men; and it was upon
the basis of five hundred thousand men that the
Quartermaster General was estimating in Novem-
ber last. He undoubtedly then estimated for every
man we have got.
The larger part of the letter is occupied by ex-
planations of the reasons why we should appro-
priate at once, rather than by stating the reasons
why we should appropriate any specific sum.
There are but very few passages occupied in in-
forming the Senate or the country why he needs
the particular sum he has mentioned in that letter,
and I believe there is not a word contained in the
second letter which was received this morning
from him upon that point. I think, therefore, it
is wise to withhold such an appropriation as this
until we can get more specific information. Iknow
very well the Senate will differ from me; but let
this be understood: lam not indisposed to pay the
public debt, let it be what it may; and there is no
need of putting ourselves in the attitude of repu-
diation, if we take a few days to get more specific
information as to the sum we need. The Govern-
ment is abundantly able to pay all it owes—can get
the money, will j>ay it, ought to pay it; but it ought
to know before it makes the appropiiation why
the particular sum called for is needed, and where
it is going. That is all I ask. When we get that,
I shall be cqntent to vote any sum, no matter how
large it is, which seems to be actually called for
by the public obligations.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Cttfhlc, Chandler,
Clark, Uollamei, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fe&senden,Fos-
ter, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Johnson,
Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDougall, Moi-
iill, Nesmith, Tomeioy, Powell, Rice, Shennan, Sumnei,
Ten Eyek, Thomson, Wade, Willey, Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wilson of Missouri—35.
NAYS—Messrs. IIovvc and Wilkinson—2.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed. Its title was
amended to read: "An act making additional ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862."
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The House joint resolution (No. 37) in relation
to ccrtain railroads in the State of Missouri, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the Senate joint resolution (S.
No. 37) for the collection of war statistics.
ILLUMINATION OF l'UBLIC BUILDINGS.
The message furthcrannounced that thcSpeaker
ofthe House had signed an enrolled bill (H. II. No.
986) making an appropriation to illuminate the
public buildings; and it thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President.
Mr. WADE. I have been requested to inquire
whether the proposition for an illumination on the
22d is confined to the public buildings. The ob-
ect of making the inquiry is this 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The best method
of answeuni? the Senator's inquiry will be to read
the bill which is now on the table.
The Secretary read the bill (H. R. No. 286)
making an appropriation to illuminate the public
buildings.
Mr, WADE. 1 have been written to by sev-
eral gentlemen who say thatour resolution is mis-
understood m the city. A great many suppose
that the illumination is expected to be general
throughout the city, as a kind of test of loyalty,
so that those who do not illuminate will be con-
sidrred as unfavoiable to the Government. I am
requested to state to the Senate that there are many
who cannot afford to illuminate their houses, and
who would not like to have such an inference
drawn against them from their not doing it. There
are other loyal citizens who have lost friends or
relatives in the war, who for that reason do not
feel disposed to illuminate their houses. I have
been requested to say thus much in order that the
matter may be understood.'
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after two hours spent m executive session,
the doors were reopened.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OP MR. POWELL.
Mr. WILKINSON presented papers m relation
to the resolution submitted by him this day for the
expulsion of Hon. Lazarus W. Powell from the
Senate; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
SENATOR FROM OREGON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The subject before the Senate is the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
was referred the credentials of Benjamin Stark,
appointed a Senator from Oregon.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the further
consideration of that report be postponed until
to-morrow, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ISSUE OF UNITED STATES NOTES.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk,announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 240) to authorize the issue of United States
notes and for the redemption or funding thereof
and for funding the floating debt of the United
States; and that it had agreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
Treasury note bill, just returned to us from the
House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 240) to authorize the issue of
United States notes and for the redemption or
funding thereof and for funding the floating debt
of the United States.
The Secretary proceeded to read the action of
the House on the Senate amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that only the
amendments non-concurred in by the House be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection.
The Secretary read them. The House non-
concurred in the amendment of the Senate, in line
five of section one, to strike out the words 44 and
fifty," reducing the issue of notes to §100,000,000
The House also non-concurred m the amend-
ment of the Senate to strike out, in section one,
all after the word " each" in the tenth line to the
word ''dollars," inclusive, in the eighteenth line,
m the following words:
Provided, hou-crcr, That £50,000,000 of said notes shall
be in lieu of the demand Tiea^urv notes authorized to be
issued by the act of July 17,1861; which said demand notes
shall be taken up as lapldly a* practicable, and the notes
herein piovuh'd for substituted for them: Jlnd -provided,
further, Thatthe amount of thu two kinds of notes together
shall at no time excced the sum el $lo(J,000,000.
The House also non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to insert after the word "au-
thorized, "in the nineteenth line of the first section,
in the clause making these notes receivable in pay-
ment of all public dues, the words: "and the notes
authorized by the act of July 17, 1861."
The House also non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate, in the forty-second line of the
first section to insert after the word " after" the
words "five years, and payable," so as to make
the bonds issued redeemable at the pleasure of the
United States after five years, and payable twenty
years from the date thereof.
The House also non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate, to strike out in section one
the following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Tieasuiy shall, upon
piesentation of said eeitifieatf"? of deposit, issue to the
hoklei (hereof, at his option, and instead of the bond* al-
ready dcscnbed, an equal amount of bond-* of the United
States, coupon or icsi-steied, as may by said holder be de-
siied, beanng interest at the rate of seven per cent, per
annum, pa>able semi-annually, and ledeemable at the
pleasute ot the United States alter fi\e yeais liom the date
thereof; and to in=eif, in hen thereof, the following:
Provided, That the Sccietary of the Treasury shall, upon
presentation ofthe notes mentioned in the preceding pait ot
thih bection, in sums of notice than $100, i&s-nc to the holder
thereof at his option, and instead ofthe bonds already de-
- cubed, an equal amount of Tieasury notes or coupons or
; lesisteied bonds, redeemable at the pleasure of the United
! State-- at any time after two ycai^,bearing inteicst at the
rate of seven and three tenths per cent, per annum, and
paj able semi-annually.
The House also non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to insert in line seven of sec-
tion two, after the word " after" the words " five
years, and payable," so as to make the bonds
issued redeemable at the pleasuie of the United
States after five years, and payable twenty years
from date.
The House also non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate, to insert, as section five, the
following:
See. 5. ^lnd he it further cnartcd, That all duties on im-
ported goods, the proceeds of the sale of the public lands,
and the piocecds of all property seized and sold under the
laws of the United States as the pioperty ot lcbels, shall
be set apart as a special fund, and shall be applied as fob
