900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
act to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States, approved Feb-
ruary 24, 1855.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered; but it cannot be considered at this
time.
TREASURY NOTE BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have a very
few words to say. I approach the subject with
more depression of spirits than I ever before ap-
proached any question. No personal motive or
feeling influences me. I hope not, at least. I
liave a melancholy foreboding that we are about to
consummate a cunningly-devised scheme, which
will carry great injury and great loss to all classes
of the people throughout this Union, except one.
With my colleague, I believe that no act of legis-
lation of this Government was ever hailed with as
much delight throughout the whole length and
breadth of this Union, by every class of people,
without any exception, as the bill which we passed
and sent to the Senate. Congratulations from all
classes—merchants, traders, manufacturers, me-
chanics, and laborers—poured in upon us from
all quarters. The Boards of Trade from Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Louisville,
St. Louis, Chicago, and Milwaukee approved its
provisions, and urged its passage as it was.
1 have a dispatch from the Chamber of Com-
merce of Cincinnati, sent to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and by him to me, urging the speedy
passage of the bill as it passed the House. It is
true there was a doleful sound came up from the
caverns of bullion brokers, and from the saloons
of the associated banks. Theircashiersand agents
were soon on the ground, and persuaded the Sen-
ate, with but little deliberation, to mangle and de-
stroy what it had cost the House months to digest,
consider, and pass. They fell upon the bill in hot
haste, and so disfigured and deformed it, that its
very father would not know it. [Laughter.] In-
stead of being a beneficent and invigorating meas-
ure, it is now positively mischievous. It has all
the bad qualities which its enemies charged on the
original bill, and none of its benefits. It now cre-
ates money, and by its very terms declares it a
depreciated currency. It makes two classes of
money—one for the banks and brokers, and an-
other for the people. It discriminates between
the rights of different classes of creditors, allow-
lowmg the rich capitalist to demand gold, and
compelling the ordinary lender of money on in-
dividual security to receive notes which the Gov-
ernment had purposely discredited.
Let us examine the principal amendments sep-
arately, and see their effect. The first import-
ant one (being the fifth) makes the notes issued
under the law of July 17 a legal tender, equally
with those authorized by this bill. There can he
but little wisdom in putting these two classes on
an equality. The notes of July bear seven and
three tenths per cent, interest,and are payable in
three years. This gives them a sufficient advant-
age over notes bearing no interest and payable
virtually in twenty years, with six per cent, in-
terest. Why give them this additional advant-
age ? Simply because the §100,000,000 issued are
ail held by the associated banks, and this is their
amended bill. They would displace §100,000,000
of this money in the circulation, and renderitim-
possiblc to use any considerable amount of these
United States notes as a currency. These notes
have served their purpose. Why allow them to
block up the market against further relief to the
Government ?
The banks took $50,000,000 of six per cent,
bonds, and shaved the Government $5,500,000 on
them, and now ask to shave the Government fif-
teen or twenty per cent, half yearly, to pay them-
selves the interest on these very bonds. They
paid for the $50,000,000 in demand notes, not
specie, and now demand the specie for them. Vet
gentlemen talk about our making other loans in
these times. They are crazy or sleeping, one or
the other, I do not know which.
When this question was discussed before, the
distinguished gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] asked me whether it was the inten-
tion or expectation of the House to go on and
issue more than one hundred and fifty millions of
doliarsof legal tender notes—a pertinent question,
which I saw the whole force of at the time. 1
told him that it was my expectation that no more
^vould be issued by the Government; that they
would be received and funded in the twenty year
bonds.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether $150,000,000 of gold could
not be put into circulation as well as $150,000,000
of Treasury notes?
Mr. STEVENS. If this $150,000,000 would
come out of the bankers'and misers'hands; but
they have suspended specie payment, and would
not give out a dollar. They say pay us a dis-
count, and then when these notes are made a legal
tender we will be again in the • clutches of these
harpies. I do not want to use liaid names. I
suppose these men act from instinct. If I were
now to answer the question of the gentleman from
Kentucky, I would not give that answer. I do
not expect one dollar of the $150,000,000 of legal
tender notes ever to be invested in the twenty
years bonds. I infer from the amendment that
before we adjourn $150,000,000 will be asked for,
which will never be funded in those bonds, and
so on, as they are needed, as no bonds will -be
sold until our circulation will become frightfully
inflated.
The notes, by another amendment, are author-
ized to be invested in notes or bonds payable in
two years, and hearing an interest of seven and
three tenths. One of the great objects of the bill
was to induce capitalists to invest in six per cent,
bonds or lose their interest, and thus to furnish
a continually recurring currency by the sale of
these six per cent, bonds. This provision would
effectually prevent the funding a dollar in those
bonds. They would all go in preference into seven
and three tenths bonds, due in two years, when
no one believes we can pay them.
But this is not the worst. The tenth amend-
ment provides that any holder of the United States
legal tender notes, if he have $100 and upwards,
shall draw five or six per cent, interest on them
until he chooses to use them. The poor who
have less than $100 shall draw no interest. It is
plain that, by these two contrivances, not one dol-
lar of these United States notes will ever be funded
in six per cent, bonds.
But now comes the main clause. All classes of
people shall take these notes at par for every article
of trade or contract unless they have money enough
to buy United States bonds, and then they shall be
paid in gold. Who is that favored class? The
banks and brokers, and nobody else. They have
already $250,000,000 of State debt, and their com-
missioners would soon take all the rest that might
be issued.
But how is this gold to be raised? The duties
and public lands are to be paid for in United States
notes, and they or bonds are to bo put up at auc-
tion to get coin for these very brokers who would
furnish the coin to pay themselves, by getting
twenty per cent, discount on the notes thus bought.
Now, in loss than a year, taking the public debt
at what my colleague makes it—I make it more—
$1,200,000,000, what will the interest be upon it at
sevpn and three tenths per cent., for it will all cen-
ter inthat rate of interest? It will be $87,000,000,
and one half of that amount, $43,500,000, must
be raised every six months for the paying of this
interest, and it is to be raised in com, which no-
body holds but the large capitalists. Does any-
body suppose that they are going to give that coin
for such notes as we are nosv about to issue, at
par? They will sell the gold for what their con-
sciences will allow, and they will compel the Gov-
ernment to give anything they choose, unless the
Government consents to become dishonored. The
first purchase of gold by the Government will fix
the value of these notes which we issue and de-
clare to be a legal tender. That sale will fix their
value at ten, fifteen, or twenty-live per cent, dis-
count, and then every poor mail, when he buys
his beef, his pork, and his supplies, must submit
to this fifteen, or twenty-five per cent, discount,
because you have said that that shall bo the value
of the very notes which you have made a legal
tender to him, but not a legal tender to those who
fix the value of these very notes. Does any one
believe thatanybody but bankers and brokers fixes
the depreciation of currency ? So you will thus
have fixed the market value of your notes at sev-
enty-five or eiglity per cent., and yet they are a
legal tender to the poor of the country, while they
are no legal tender to those who hold the coin of
the country. |
By the original bill the Secretary of the Treas- I
ury was allowed to sell these bonds at their value
for lawful money—that is, for these legal tender
notes. But now, by the provisions of this bill,
after the market value has been fixed and they are
depreciated, the Secretary of the Treasury is au-
thorized to go into the market and sell them for
coin, not at par, but at the market value therefor.
Was there ever a more convenient contrivance got
up, into which blind mice run, to catch them?
Was ever before such a machine got up for swind-
ling the Government and making the fortunes of
the gold bulliomsts in one single year?
But as if this accumulated folly were not quite
enough, another amendment provides that these
notes, when presented in sums not less than $100,
may be transferred into seven and three tenths
notes payable in two years. Parties may buy
these notes at a discount and put them into notes
payable in bullion at two years, at seven and three-
tenths interest, for that is part of the whole system.
Now, sir, does any man here believe that, not-
withstanding the victories we are gaining, the
Government will be able to redeem these notes in
two years? If not, they will be shoved upon the
market and sold for coin at whatever discount may
be demanded.
I have proposed an amendment to the Senate
amendment upon the principle of legitimate par-
liamentary rules, that you may make as palatable
as" you can an amendment which you do not like
before the vote is taken upon it. My amendment
is offered for the purpose of curing a little the
evils and hardships of the original amendment of
the Senate. And though it may be adopted, the
whole will be pernicious; and if adopted, I shall
vote against the whole as amended. My amend-
ment is to except from the operation of the legal
tender clause the officers and soldiers of the Army
and Navy, and those who supply them with pro-
visions, and thus put them upon the same foot-
ing with the Government creditors who hold their
bonds. I hope they will not be thought less mer-
itorious than the money-changers. 1 trust it will
be adopted as an amendment to the Senate amend-
ment, so that if this pernicious system is to be
adopted, if the beauty of the original bill is to be
entirely impaired, those who are fighting our bat-
tles, and the widows and children of those who
are lying in their graves in every part of the coun-
try, killed in defense of the Government, may be
placed upon no worse footing than those who hold
the bonds of the Government and the coin of the
country.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. STEVENS. I know the gentleman does
notrise for information; and I have no hope what-
ever of converting him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman has alluded
to my want of confidence in the operations of the
Government.
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all. I said unless he
would repudiate them, which I think he never
will do. So that is a sufficient explanation.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I want 
Ml". STEVENS. No, sir; J think I have taken
away everything offensive.
Mr. Speaker, if this disaster must come upon
us I am free from responsibility in reference to it.
I say, with all candor, that I would much prefer
that the whole bill should fail and that some sys-
tem like that of my friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] or that of the gentlemafi from New
York, or any other you may choose to desire,
which shall secure a uniform currency, however
depreciated, and which shall be equally just to all
interests of the country, should be introduced and
passed. I look upon the passage of this bill as
deplorable, and permanently injurious to all
classes of the community except those 1 have
excepted.
Mr. SPAULDING. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman that there are now $37,000,000 of the notes
under the bill of last July upon which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is unable "to realize. They
have been upon the market for the last three
months, and the Secretary cannot get them taken.
Mr. STEVENS. I know that, butif my friend
will refer the Secretary to the gentleman from Il-
linois [Mr. Lovuoy] lie will tell him where to get
the gold. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The gentleman says we
cannot get the coin with which to pay the interest,
