1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
and yet he proposes to pay the officers and sol-
diers in coin. I would like to know where he
would get coin for that purpose?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman assumes what
I did not say. I said you could not get the gold
with which to pay interest, without selling, at a
large sacrifice, the bonds in the market overt. I
think if you can get the coin in that way to pay
the interest, in the same way you can get the gold
to pay to the soldiers.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Would not that require a
larger sacrifice?
Mr. STEVENS. And ought not a larger sac-
rifice be made in favor of that class?
Mr. D1VEN. I want to ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether it is not
claimed that the original bill will furnish a greater
relief to the Government than to place $150,000,000
of coin in the vaults of the Government^
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think that if the Govern-
ment had $ 150,000,000 of coin, and they could cir-
culate it in such a way that it would come back in
payment of new bonds,^he gold would be justas
good as $150,000,01)0 of par notes, except that
gold would be more inconvenient. [Laughter.]
Washington's birthday.
The SPEAKER. Before proceeding to act
upon the amendments, the Chair desires to call the
attention of the House to the resolution which
was passed yesteiday, by which he was ordered
to see if the families of Senators and Members
could be provided with seats upon the floor of the
House. It is impossible for that to be done un-
less one half of the Hall should be assigned for
that purpose; that would exclude most of the
guests directed to be invited by the concurrent
resolutions of the two Houses.
The west gallery, including a portion of what
is now the gentlemen's gallery, will be set apart
for the use of the families of Senators and Mem-
bers. The gallery upon the east side will remain,
as usual, open for the admission of ladies. The
diplomatic gallery will be reserved for the diplo-
matic corps, including the families of the Secre-
taries and heads of Departments.
Tile Chair would ask the cooperation of mem-
bers in carrying out the order. Seats in the west
gallery will be provided only for those having
cards of admission, so that no one need expect the
doorkeepers to pass any ladies into that gallery
not having cards.
. Mr. FENTON. I understand that some ar-
rangements are to be made in the Hall to-morrow
in icference to Saturday, and in that view I move
that when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Saturday.
treasury note bill again.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better pro-
ceed with the Treasury note bill now.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Before the House takes
a vote upon the motion of the gentleman from
New York, I wish to make a statement in refer-
ence to the subsistence department of the Army,
especially as it relates to the immediate necessity
of an appi opriation to feed the soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish the gentleman would
postpone it until we get through with this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire merely to make
this statement 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must first
obtain leave of the House. Is there any objec-
tion ? *
Mr. STEVENS. I object to anything else
being done until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish the gentleman
and the House would hear me. It is not in regard
to this bill, but in regard to a matter that is of the
utmost importance to the army in Kentucky and
Ten nessee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw his objection?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think five minutes
will make any difference with him.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman insists
on his objection ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir; I understand
him to say that five minutes will make no differ-
ence to him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 'Surely the gentleman
docs not object to hearing the condition of the
army.
The SPEAKER The gentleman is not in
order, objection being made. „
The House then resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the Treasury
note bill.
First amendment:
Lines three, four, and live, strike out the words: "To
meet tlie necessities of the Treasury of the United States,
and to provide a currency receivable for the public dues."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurrfed in.
Second amendment:
Lines six and seven, strike out the words " and fifty;" so
that the clause will read: " $11)0,000,000 of United States
notes."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of ■
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Line nine, stiike out tiie words " at Washington or New
York."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Beginning at line eleven, strike out the following proviso:
Frovidetf, however, That ^50,000,000 of said notes shall
be in lieu of tlie demand Treasury notes authorized to be
issued by the act of July 17,1861; which said demand notes
shall he taken up as rapidly as practicable, and the notes
herein piovided lor substituted for them : -lad provulcd fur-
ther, That tlie amount of the two kind's of notes together
shall at 110 tune exceed tlie sum of ^150,000,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
In the clause "and such notes herein authorized, and the
notes authorized by the act of July 17,1861, shall be receiv-
able in payment of all taxes, duties, imposts, excises, debts,
and demands of every kind due to the United States," strike
out the words, " and the notes authorized by the actof July
17,1661."
The Committee of tlie Whole on the state of the
Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Immediately after the clause last quoted, strike out the
words, "and "for all salaries, debts, and demands owing by
the United States to individuals, corporations, and associa-
tions within the United States," and insert, "and of all
claims and demands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and notes,
which shall be paid in com "
To this amendment Mr. STEVENS moved an
amendment to insert, after the word " notes," the
following:
And payments to be made to officers, soldiers, and sailors
IntheAriny and Navy of the United States, and for all sup-
plies purchased for the t-aid Government.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw that
amendment. It was only intended to illustrate
an absurdity, and I hope he will withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. No,sir; I cannot withdrawit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAKER. 1 should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order at this
time.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yens 67, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Mfisf-r-j- Aldnch, Ancona, Babbitt, JosephjMily,
Baker, diddle. Bingham, Fiancis I'. Blair, Jacg^iB-rlJIair,
Samuel S. Bhin. Geoige H. Diowiie, Buffintmi7Cainpbell,
C'hailibeilm, Clark, Cobb, Davis, Lliven, Edwards, Ely,
Fenton, 1-Vsscmlen, Fisher, Franehot, Frank, Gooell,
Giangci, Hale, Ilanchctt, Harrison, llolnian,Hooper, John-
son, Julian, William Kellogg, Killinger,Lehman,Mcl'hcr-
soil, Mimoii, Maynard, Mitchell. Anson P. Morrill, Nocll,
Odeil, Olin, I'eny. Joim II. Uice, James S. Rollins, Shanks,
Sheiman, Shlel, Sloan, Spauklmg, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens Van Iloni, Van Valkenburgh, Verrec, Vooihees,
Wall, Wallace, Ward, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom,
Woodruff, and Woicester—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Allev, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Blake,
William G. Brown, Burn ham, Calveit, Clement*, Frederick
A. Colliding, lto^eoe Conkling, Conway, Cox, Cravens,
Cuttenden, Dawes. Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, English,
Goodwin,Grider, Gurlcy,llaiglit, llall, Harding, Hickiuaw,
Ilorton, Kelley, Knapp, Law, Leary, Loumi-. Lovejoy,
McKnMit. Mallorv, Mav, Menzi.-s. Moorhead, Justin S.
Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Patton, Timothy
G. Phelp>, Pike, Ptmieioy, Aloxandei II. Rice, Riddle, Rob-
inson, Sargent, Sedgwick,Sheffield, Smith, John 13. Steele,
Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomasr, Train,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Vallandlgliam, Charles W. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Washbume, Webster, Wheeler, WickliiTe,
and Wright—7-2.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ALLEY (when his name was called) said:
I am opposed to paying anybody in specie unless
we pay everybody. I therefore vote " no."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order. The Chair desires here to announce that
if gentlemen persist in interrupting the roll-call
with remarks, he will feel it to be his duty to order
them into custody.
Mr. SHELLABARGER stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Corning.
Mr. HUTCHINS said: I have paired off upon
the Senate amendments with Mr. Colfax, who is
absent on account of the illness of his wife, and
inasmuch as this amendment may affect the Sen-
ate amendment, I withdraw my vote.
Mr. PENDLETON (who was not within the
bar when his name was called) asked leave to
vote.
Mr. OLIN objected.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment to the amendment
was rejected; and also moved t.o lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
sixth amendment of the Senate.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
bill of the House No. 286, making an appropria-
tion to illuminate the public buildings.
TREASURY NOTE BILL—AGAIN.
The question being upon agreeing to the sixth
amendment of the Senate, in which the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union rec-
ommended concurrence,
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING demanded the yeas
anil nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Bea-
miin, Biddle, Jacob B. Iilair, George II. Browne, William
G. Blown, Burnhain, Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Frederick
A. Conkling, lioscoe Colliding, Conway, Covode, Cox,
.Cravens, Crittenden, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, English,
Goodwin, Grider, Giuley, IJaiglit, llall, Harding, llolman,
ilorton, Johnson, Kelley, Knapp, Law, Lcary, Lehman,
Loom Is. Loveioy, McKmght, Mallory,May,Menzies, Jus-
tin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Odcll, Patton,
Pendleton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomerny,
Price, Alexander II. lticc, Kiddle, Itolnnson, Edward H.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield,
Sherman, Sliiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stratton, Benjamin F. TIioma«, Francis Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Vallandigham, Vibhard, Voorhces, Charles W.
Walton, 1). P. Walton, Ward, Washbume, Webster,
Wheeler, Wiclilille, Woodrutf, and Wright—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt, Joseph Baity,
Baker, Bingham, Fiancls r. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
ISulliiiton, Campbell, Chamberlin, Clark, Davis, Dawes,
Duell, Edwards, Ely, Fenton, Fcssenden, Fisher, Fran-
ehot, Frank. Granger, Hale, Ilanchctt, Harrison, Hickman,
Hooper, Julian, William Kellogg, Killingcr, Lansing, Mc-
Pheison, Mars'ton, Maynard, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrili,
Noel), Olin, John 11. Rice, Shanks, Sloan, Spaulding, Ste-
vens, 'Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Vorree,
Wall, Wallace, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Worcester—56.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SHELLABARGER stated that if he had
not been paired off with Mr. Corning, he should
have voted against the amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Moiikis and Winf-p, were detainedfrom
the House necessarily.
Mr. BAILEY, of Massachusetts, not having
been within the bar when his name was called,
asltcd leave to vote-
Mr. WEBSTER objected.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. R0SCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
siderthevoteby which the amendment was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and resolution.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
