902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
R. No. 286) making an appropriation to illuminate
the public buildings; and a joint resolution (S.
No. 37) for the collection of war statistics; -when
the Speaker signed the same.
TREASURY NOTE BILL—AGAIN.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the words " cxcept interest as aforesaid," in
the clause "and shall also be lawful money and a legal
tender in payment of all debts, public and private, within
the United States, except interest as aforesaid."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Line forty, stilke out the words " at the Treasury orsub-
Treasuries of the United States."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrcncc.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out the words " five years, and payable," in the
clause " and redeemable at the ploasiu c of the United States
after five years, and payable twenty yeais from the date
thereof."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In line forty-three strike out, "that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall, upon piescntation of said certificates of de-
posit, issue to the holder thereof, at his option, and instead
of the bonds already dcsciibcd, an equal amount of bonds ot
the United States, coupon or legisteicd, as may by said
holder be desired, bearing interest at the rate of seven per
cent, porannum, payable semi-annually, and redeemable at
the pleasure of the United States after five years fiom the
date thereof," and insert in lieu theieot:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Tteasury shall, upon
presentation of the noted mentioned m the preceding part
of this section, m sums of not less than .$100, issue to the
holder thereof, at Ills option, and instead of the bonds al-
icady described, an equal amount of Tieasury notes or
coupons or icgi&tcicd bond", ledeemabie at the pleasure of
the United States, at any time aftoi two yeais, beating in-
terest at the late of seven and three tenths per cent, per
annum, and payable semi-annually.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Eleventh amendment:
Commencing at line sixty-four,strike out the follow Ing:
Tlveie shall ne printed on the hack of the United States
notes, which may be issued under the provisions of thh act,
the following words: "The within note is a legal tondei in
payment of nil debt.-, public and private, and ^ exchange-
able for bonds of the United States bearinc six pn cent,
interest, at twenty years, or in seven pci cent, bonds at five
years."
The Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
In line six, section two, stiike out the word ''and.*'
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrcncc.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
fu line seven of the same section, strike out the woid
<kGovernment,"andinseitin lien theteol " United States."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred hi.
Fourteenth amendment:
After the word "after," in the same line, insert, "live
years, and pay aide &o that the clause will read :
That to enable the Secictaiy of the Treasuiv to fund the
Treasury notes and floating debt of tiie United States, he
is hereby authorized to issue, on the credit of the United
States, coupon bonds, or regNteied bond--, to an amount not
exceeding $500,000,000, redeemable at the pleasuie of tin-
United States atter five years, and paj able twenty years
from date, and bearing intere>t at the lute of six percent,
per annum,payable semi-annually. And the bonds herein
authorized shall be of such denominations not less than
fifty dollars, as may be determined upon bv the Secretatv
of the Treasury, ' J
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
In line thirteen, second section, aftci the word "time "
insert, "at the maiket value thereof;"' so that the cl-m=e
will lead:
And the Sccrctaiy ot the Treasury may depose of such
bonds at any time at the maiket value thereof.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence,
Mr. HORT0N asked for a division.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were appointed.
Mr. CHAMBERLIN called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Baxter,
Beaman, Biddle., George H. Browne, William G. Brown,
Calveit, Clark, Cobb, Frederick A. ConkIing,Roscoe Conk-
ling, Conway, Covodc, Ciavens, Crittenden, Cutler, Dun-
lap, Dunn, Eliot, English,Goodwin, Grider,Hall, Harding,
lioiman, llorton, Johnson, Kelley, Knapp, Law, Leaiy,
Lovejov, McKnijjht, Menzies, Justin S. Morull, Nixon,
Noble, Norton, Nugcn, Odell, Patton. Pendleton, Perry,
Pike, Pomerov, Porter, Alexander H. itice, Kiddie, Robin-
son, Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele, Stiatton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Tumble,
Vcv'ree, Vibbard, Voorhees, Charles VV. Walton, E. P.
Walton, Washbume, Wheelei, Woodruff", and Wuufit—72
NAYS—Mcssis. Aldrich, Alley. Ashley, Babbitt,'Joseph
Baily, Baker, Bingham, Fiancis'P. Blair, .lacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake. Buffinlon, Campbell, Cbamberlin,
Clumenfs, Cox,Davis. Dawe^, Ihven, Edgeiton,Edwaids,
Ely, Fenton, Fessetiden, Fisher, Fianchot, Fiank, Gran-
ger, Ilaight, Hale, Ilauchett, Ilanison, Hickman, Hooper,
Hatching, Julian, Killingcr, Lansing, Lehman, Loomi*,
McPherson, Marion, Maynaid, Moorhead, Anson P. Mor-
ull, Noell, 01m, Pottet, John II. Rice, Shanks, Sneiman,
Sloan, Spaulding, John B. Steele, Stevens, Tiowbndcc,
Vallandigham, Van Uom, Van Valkenburgh, Wall, Wal-
lace, Albert S. White, Wickhffe, Wilson, VVmdom, and
Woicester—66.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
In line fourteen, second section, strike out the words
"lawful money," and insejt in lieu thereof" the com."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
In line twenty-one, second section, strike out the words
"nny State or county,1' and in lieu thercofimcit "oi under
State authority so that the clause will read :
And all stocks, bonds, and othei seun ities of the United
States, hold by individuals, coipoianon*, ot associations
within the United States, shall be exempt from taxation by
or under State authority.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert the following n<* an additional section:
Skc. 1. Jlnd be itjurther cnacted, That the Secretary of
the Ticasury mav leccivc fiom any person or poisons", or
any corporation, United States notes on deposit foi notless
than Unity day*, in sunus of not less than $100, with any of
the Assistant Treasmers or designated depositaries of the
United States authouzed by the Secretary of the Treasury
to reeeive them, who shall issue thcrei'oi certificates of de-
posit, made in such form as the Seeretarv of the Treasuiy
shall prescribe, and said certificate of deposit shall beai
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum; and any
amount of United States notes so deposited may be with-
drawn fiom deposit at any time, alter ten days' notice, on
the return of said certificates: Provided* That the inteiobt
on all Mieh deposits shall erase and deteiimne at the pleas-
ure of the Seeietary ottbe Tieasuiy: Jlnd provided further,
1 hat thi' aggregate ot such deposits shall at no tunc exceed
the amount ot $2T>,000,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended concurrcncc in the amend-
ment, with the following- amendment:
After the word " notc.y in the thud line, add the words
{<or com," and after the word <k late," in the tenth line,
strike out the woids "of five," and inset t "which the Seo-
ictaty of the Treasuiy may, from tune to time, prescube,
not exceeding six," and after the woul unoto<,"in the
eleventh line, inseit the words " or coinso that the sec-
tion will lead:
See. 4. J3nd be it further cnactcd. That the Secretary of
the Treasuiy may receive from any pcison or persons', or
any corporation, United States notes or coin on deposit for
not less than thirty days, in sums of not less than £100, with
any of the A^sistantTi earners or designated depositaries of
the United States authorized by the Seeictary ot the Treas-
uiy to leeeive them, who shall issue therefor ceiuficates of
depo-it, made in such form as the Sccrctaiy of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, and < aid certificates of deposit shall bear
interest at the late which the Seeieiaiv of the Treasury
may, fiom time to time, piescnbe, not exceeding six per
cent, pci annum; and any amount of United States notes
or com so deposited may be withdrawn fiom deposit at anv
tune atter ten days* notice on the return ofsaidceitificatcs":
l?i onded, That the uuei est on ail such deposit* shall cease :
and determine at the pleasine of the Secietatv of the Tieas- ;
ury: *dnd provided further, That the aggregate ot such de- i
posits shall at no time exceed the amount of $25,000,000. j
Mr. HOOPER. I consider the adoption of the j
fifteenth amendment of the Senate, which author- '
izes the Treasurer to sell the bonds at the market !
p^ice, as an invitation to the public to depreciate
their value, and so entirely contrary to the prin- ;
ciple of the bill, that I move to lay the bill, with
the amendments, on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The bill is not before
the House.
The SPEAKER. A motion to lay a single
amendment on the table carries the bill with it.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to lay this amendment
on the table; and demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 21, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Samuel S. Blair, Diven, Eliot,
Fisher, Granger, Hickman, Hooper, Anson P. Morrill,
Justin S.Morrill,Norton,Olin, Pendleton, Sedgwick, Shef-
field, Shiel, Sloan, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram,
and Vallandigham—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Ancona, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Goldsmith P. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Baxter, Beaman,
Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buf-
finton, Calvert, Campbell, Chambeilin, Clark, Clements,
Cobb, Fiedeiick A. Conkling, Uoscoe Conkling, Conway,
Cox, Cravens, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Ely, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Franchot, Fiank,
Goodwin, Grider, Gurley, Haight, Hale, Manchett, Ilaidmg,
Harrison, Ilolman, llutchins, Johnson, Julian, ICelley,Kil-
lingcr, Knapp, Law, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy,
McKniglit, MePherson, Malloiy, Mar?ton, Mavnatd, Men-
zies, M(>orhead, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Nugcn, Patton, Perry,
Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Price, John II. IUce, Iiich-
aulson, Riddle, Sargent, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman,
Smith,Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G Steele, Strat-
ton, Ftancis Thomas, Tumble, Tiowbridge, Van Horn,
Van Valkenburgh, Venee, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wallace,
Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Ward, Washburne,
Webster, Wheeler, Whalcy, Albeit S. White, Wicklilfe,
Wilson, Wmdon), Woodruff, Woicc&ter, and Wright—110.
So the House refused to lay the amendment on
the table.
During1 the vote,
Mr. KELLOGGr, of Illinois, stated that he had
paired oif, on this vote, with Mr. Horton.
The amendment as amended was agreed to; and
the amendment as amended was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Add the following as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. 5. And he it farther enacted, That all duties on im-
ported goods, the proceeds of the sale of the public lands,
and the piocceds of all pioperty seized and sold under the
laws of the United States as the pioperty of icbels, shall be
set apait as a special fund, and shall he applied as follows :
First. To the payment in coin of the interest on the bonds
and notes of the (Tinted States. Second. To the puichasc
or payment of one pci cent, of the entuc debt of the United
States, to he made within each fiscal year aftei the 1st day
of July, 1862, which is to be set apart as a sinking fund, and
the interest of which shall in like manner be applied to the
puieha^e or payment of the public debt as the Secietarv of
the Tieasuiy shall, fiom time to time, direct. Third. The
residue theieofto be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended non-concurrence.
Mr, WICKLIFFE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CALVERT demanded telleis.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rice, of
Maine, and Eliot, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 51, noes 52.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The remainder of the amendments, being merely
verbal, were read, voted on in gross, and severally
concurred m.
UNITED STATES BRANCH MINTS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means a bill to estab-
lish a branch mint of the United States at Denver,
in the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the bill be received,
I shall move to refer it to the Committee on Com-
merce, which has before it a bill tu establish a
branch mint at Nevada. I think the two subjects
ought to £*o together.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the reception of the hill?
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose to ask that the
bill be road twice, and the bill and report printed
and referred back to the Committee of Ways and
Means. I have no objection to its being referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not object to that.
I will get the opinion of the Committee on Com-
merce whether they will nutreport their bill back,
and have it referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. Both ought to go togcthei.
Theie being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
SHIP CANAL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, fiom the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill Co construct a
