406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
they severally arrive at the age of sixteen years,
find no.ionger: Provided, however, That nothing
herein shall be so construed as to entitle said or-
.phans to more than one pension at the same time,
under the provisions of this act: And provided
further, That no moneys shall be paid to the
widow, or children, or any heirs of any deceased
soldier on account of bounty, back pay, or pen-
sion, who have in any way been engaged in or
who have aided or abetted the existing rebellion
in theUnitedStates, buttherightof such disloyal
widow or children, heir or heirs of such soldier
shall be vested in the loyal heir or heirs of the
deceased, if any there be.
Sec.5. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatpensions
which may be granted, in pursuance of the pro-
visions of this act, to persons who may have been,
or shall be, employed in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States, shall commence on the
day of the discharge of such persons in all cases
in winch the application for such provisions is
filed within one year after the date of said dis-
charge; and in cases in which the application is
not filed during said year, pensions granted to
persons employed as aforesaid shall commence
on the day of the filing of the application.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the fees
of agents and attorneys for making out and caus-
ing to be executed the papers necessary to estab-
lish a claim for a pension, bounty, and other al-
lowance, before the Pension Office under this act,
shall not exceed the following rates: For making
out and causing to be duly executed a declaration
by the applicant, with the necessary affidavits,
and forwarding the same to the Pension Office,
with the requisite correspondence, five dollars.
In cases wherein additional testimony is required
by the Commissioner of Pensions, for each affida-
vit so required and executed and forwarded, (ex-
cept the affidavits of suigeons, for which such
agents and attorneys shall not be entitled to any
fees,) one dollar and fifty cents.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That any agent
or attorney who shall, directly or indirectly, de-
mand or receive any greater compensation for his
services under this act than is prescribed in the
preceding section of this act, or who shall contract
or agree to prosecute any claim for a pension,
bounty, or other allowance under this act, on the
condition that heshalt receive a per centum upon,
or any portion of the amount of such claim, or
who shall wrongfully withhold from a pensioner
or other claimant the whole or any part of the
pension or claim allowed and due to such pen-
sioner or claimant, shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall,
for every such offense, be fined not exceeding
three hund red dollars, or imprisoned at hard labor
notexceeding two years, or both,according to the
circumstances and aggravations of the offense.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Pensions be, and he is hereby, em-
powered to appoint, at his discretion, civil sur-
geons to make the biennial examinations of pen-
sioners which are or may be required to be made
by law, and to examine applicants for invalid
pensions, where he shall deem an examination by
a surgeon to bo appointed by him necessary, and
the fees for each of such examinations, and the
requisite certificate thereof, shall be one dollar and
fifty cents, which fees shall be paid to the surgeon
by the person examined, for which he shall take
a receipt, and forward the same to the Pension
Office, and upon the allowance of the claim of the
person examined, the Commissioner of Pensions
shall furnish to such person an order on the pen-
sion agent of his State for the amount of the sur-
geon's fees.
Sec. 9. Jlnd bcitfarther enacted, That the Com-
missioner =of Pensions, on application made to
him in person or by letter by any claimants or
applicants for pension, bounty, or other allow-
ance required by law to be adjusted and paid by
the Pension Office, shall furnish such claimants,
free of all expense or charge to them, all such
printed instructions and forms as may be neces-
sary in establishing and obtaining said claim; and
in case such claim is prosecuted by an agent or
attorney of such claimant or applicant, on the
issue of a certificate of pension or the granting of
a bounty or allowance, t-he Commissioner of
Pensions shall forthwith notify the applicant or
claimant that such certificate has been issued or
allowance made, and the amount thereof.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pi-
lots, engineers, sailors, and crews upon the gun-
boats and war vessels of the United States, who
have not been regularly mustered into the service
of the United States, shall be entitled to the same
bounty allowed to persons of corresponding rank
in the naval service, provided they continue in
service to the close of the present war; and all
persons serving as aforesaid, who have been or
may be wounded or incapacitated for service,
shall be entitled to receive for such disability the
pension allowed by the provisions of this act, to
those of like rank, and each and every such per-
son shall receive pay according to corresponding
rank in the naval service: Provided, That no per-
son receiving pension or bounty under the pro-
visions of this act shall receive either pension
or bounty for any other service in the present
war.
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted, That the
widows and heirs of all persons described in the
last preceding section who have been or may be
employed as aforesaid, or who have been or may
be killed in battle, or of those who have died or
shall die of wounds received while so employed,
shall be paid the bounty and pension allowed by
the provisions of this act, according to rank, as
provided in the last preceding section.
Sec . 12. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to appoint a special agent for the Pension
Office, to assist in the detection of frauds against
the pension laws, to cause persons committing
such frauds to be prosecuted, and to discharge
such other duties as said Secretary may require
him to perform; which said agent shall receive for
his services an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars, and his actual traveling expenses incurred
in the discharge of his duties shall be paid by the
Government.
Sec. 13. And be itfurther enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXVII.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAtnei icain Congress
assembled, That the bridge partly constructed
across the Ohio river at Steubenville, in the State
of Ohio, abutfino; on the Virginia shore of said
river, is hereby declared to bealawful structure:
Provided, That when completed, if constructed
without a draw, it shall leave an unobstructed
headway in the channel of the river of not less
than ninety feet above low-water mark, and such
channel or water-way shall have an unobstructed
width of not less than three hundredfeet between
the pieis next to said channel or walr-way; and
one of the spans next adjoining thereto shall not
be. less than two hundred and twenty feet in
length; orsaid bridge,if constructed with adraw,
the same to be constructed under the limitations
and conditions provided in the fourth section of
this act.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the said
bridge and Holhday's Cove railroad are hereby
declared a public highway, and established a post
road for the purpose of transmission of mails of
the United States, and that the Steubenville and
Indiana Railroad Company, chartered by the
Legislature of the State of Ohio, and the Holli-
day s Cove Railroad Company, chartered by the
State of Virginia, or either of them, are author-
ized to complete, maintain, and operate said road
and bridge when completed, as set forth in the
preceding section, anything in any law or laws
of the above named States to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That it shall
be lawful for any other railroad company or com-
panies, whose line or lines of road may now or
shall hereafter be built to the Ohio river, above
%i!" uUt? °f the„Big: Sandy ''iver>in accordance
with the terms of the charter or charters of such
company or companies, to build a bridge across
said river for the more perfcct connection of any
such roads and for the passage of trains thereof,
under the limitations and conditions hereafter
provided.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any
bridge erected under the privileges of this act may,
at the option of the company or companies build-
ing the same.be built either as a drawbridge,
with a pivot or other form of draw, or with un-
broken and continuous spans: Provided, That if
the said bridge shall be made with unbroken and
continuous spans, it shall not be of less elevation
than ninety feet above low-water mark over the
channel of the said river; nor in any case less than
forty feet above extreme high water, as under-
stood at the point of location, measuring for such
elevation to the bottom chord of the bridge; nor
shall the span of such bridge, covering the main
channel of the river, be less than three hundred
feet in length, with also one of the next adjoining
spans of not less than two hundred and twenty
feet in length, and the piers of said bridge shall be
parallel with the'current of the river as near as
practicable: And provided, also, Thatif any bridge
built under this act shall be constructed as a draw
bridge, the same shall be constructed with a span
over the main channel of the river, as understood
at the time of the erection of the bridge, of not
less than three hundred fect in length, and said
span shall not be less than seventy feet above low
water mark, measuring to the bottom chord of
the bridge, and one of the next adjoining spans
shall not be less than two hundred and twenty
feet in length; and also that there shall be a pivot-
draw constructed in every such bridge, at an ac-
cessible and navigable point, with spans of not
less than one hundred feetm length, on each side
of the central or pivot pier of the draw: And pro-
vided, also, That said draw shall always be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the passage
of boats whose construction may not, at the time,
admit of their passing under the permanent spans
of said bridge, except that said draw shall not be
required to be opened when engines or trains are
passing over said bridge, or when passenger
trains are due, but in no case shall unnecessary
delay occur in the opening of said draw after the
passage of such engines or trains.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any
bridge or bridges erected under the provisions of
this act shall be lawful structures, and shall be
recognized and known as post routes, upon which
also no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and munitions of war of the United States, than
the rate per mile which the company or compa-
nies erecting such bridge may from time to time
receive on the balance of their line or lines for
such services, and the officers and crews of all
vessels, boats, or rafts navigating the said Ohio
river are required to regulate the use of the said
vessels, and of any pipes or chimneys belonging
thereto, so as not to interfere with the elevation,
construction, or use of any of the bridges erected
or legalized under the provisions of this act.
Approved, July 14, 18G2.
Chap. CLXVII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled " An Act to prohibit the sale of Spirituous
Liquors and Intoxicating Drinks in the District
of Columbia in certain cases," approved Au-
gust fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any person offending against the
provisions of the act entitled " An act to prohibit
the sale of spiiituous liquors and intoxicating
drinks in the District of Columbia, in eertt^i
cases, approved August fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, may be tried before any justice of
the peace for the District of Columbia, and , upon
conviction, shall pay a fine of twenty dollars, or,
in default of such payment, shall be committed
to the jail in Washington county, in the District
of Columbia, for thirty days.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son licensed, or who shall hereafter be licensed,
to sell spirituous liquors, or intoxicatieg drinks
within said District, who shall suffer or permit
any soldier or volunteer in the service of the Uni-
ted States, or any person wearing the uniform of
such soldier or volunteer, to drink any spirituous
liquor, or intoxicating drink upon his premises
