1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
Again, in the same letter, and speaking on the
earm; subjcct, the following sentiments occur:
« I appreciate fully your excellency's suggestion as to
the InheKMit weakness of ti>o rebel4-, arising Irom the pre-
ponderance of their servile population. The question, then,
la: in what manner «haii we take advantage of that weak-
ness ? JJy allowing, and of course arming, that population
to ri-e upon the dUenscle-h women and chiidien of the
country, carrying rapine, ar-on, and murder—all the horrors
of San Domingo a million times magnified—among those
whom we hope to reunite with us as brethren, many of
whom are already so, and all who are worth pieserving will
be when thi* hoi rible madness shall liavc pa& edawayorbe
thrashed out of them I Would your excellency advise the
troops under my command to make war in person upon the
defenseless women and children of any p;ut of the Union,
accompanied with hrutahties too horrible to be named?
You will say, ' God forbid !' If we may not do so in per-
son, shall we arm others so to do, over whom we have no
restraint, exercise no eontio!; and who, when once they
have tasted blood, may turn the very arms we have put in
their hands against ourselves, as a part of the oppressing
white uice?
« The reading of history, so familiar to your excellency,
will tell vou the bitterest cause of complaint which our
father* had against Great Britain, in the war ot the Revolu-
tion, was the arming, by the i3ritis>h Ministry, of the red
man with the tomahawk and the sealping-knife against the
women and the children of the colonies, so that the phrase
* may we not use all the means which God and nature have
. put m our power to subjugate the colonies,'has passed into
a legend of inf.uny against the leader of that Ministry who
used it in Parliament. Shall history teach us in vain?
Could we justify ourselves to ourselves? Although with
arms in our hands, amid the savage wildness of camp and
field, we may have blunted many of the finer moral sensi-
bilities in letting loose four millions of worse than savages
upon the homes and hearths of the South, can we foe jus-
tified to the Christian community of Massachusetts? Would
such a course be consonant with the teachings of our holy
religion ? J have a very decided opinion upon the subject,
and" if any one desires, and f know your excellency does
not, this unhappy contest to be prosecuted in that manner,
some instrument other than myself must be found to carry
it on."
Thus spoke General Butler, under the eye and
the sanction of the President of the United States,
on the 9th day of May, 1861. The Capitol was
tjien in danger. The cry that went forth then
from here was a burning and constant appeal for
armed men to surround and save the archives of
the nation. The torn flag of Fort Sumter was
held up before the indignant gaze of the country,
and a patriotic people were called upon to restore
it to us original luster, and cause it to wave once
more over the Government which our fathers or-
dained. In the midst of all this came the grate-
ful assurance which I have just read, thatthelaws
of the southern States were to be upheld, and that
neither white mobs nor black mobs were to be al-
lowed to violate them. How stands Massachu-
setts oil that question to-day > Does she indorse
her general of the 9th of May as he was indorsed
bythePresident? Will she consentthather troops
• shall be used lo put down servile insurrections in
the South, and to enforce the laws of slave States
as they find them ? Will her Representatives on
this floor vote money to carry on this war in the
manner pledged by General Butler on the 9th day
of May? She silently acquiesced in his princi-
ples then, and waited for a more auspicious mo-
ment for the promulgation of her heresies. Bos-
ton sat quietly on her hills, and stifled her groans.
She consoled herself with a future hope, and per-
haps emoyed a vision of secret purposes deferred,
but at list fulfilled. But, sir, the plain masses of
the country, who enjoy none but an outside view
of publieaffairs, looked upon this letter of General
Butler, written with the silent approbation of the
President, as another high promise, not made to
be broken, on the subjectof slavery m connection
with the war in which we are so unhappily en-
gaged It may be broken now, it may be tieated
as idle and unmeaning by a majority of this
House; but permit me to say, that when that is
done, another and powerful reason will be fur-
nished to posterityforregardingwith strong aver-
sion the abolition party of the present day.
But to proceed in the exiimination of the record.
J3ir, there is one name which will live long, if not
enviably, in connection with the history of this
war. Many men have been brought before the
public and lame thrust upon them by the convul-
sive events of the last few months; but the names
of none will remain fresh in the minds ot the
people longer, 1 imagine, than that of the late bcc-
retary at War, who is now pei torming a pilgrimage
to the cold resrions of Russia. The last days of
his admimstiation of the War Department were
signalized by his earnest efforts to arm the slave,
and to promote the cause of universal abolition-
ism. But even he, in the early stage of his great
struggle, when he was daily and hourly appealing
to the country for troops, left on record the strong
condemnation of the policy which he afterwards
adopted, and which is sought to be fastened on
the country by the -action of this House. Mr.
Cameron at that time took the pains to tell his
patriotic countrymen his views as follows:
" This is a war for the Union, for the preservation of all
constitutional rights of States, and the citizens <g all the
States of the Union."
Who is here to deny that it is.the constitutional
right of the southern man to hold slaves? Here
is the pledge of Mr. Cameron, then Secretary of
War, that that right should be protected. He
broke it, it is true, as far as it was in his power
to do so; but the people at the time believed him,
and flocked to the standard of the Union, never
supposing for an instant that they would soon be
called upon to strike down the Constitution and
destroy constitutional rights.
One more witness I shall call from the Cabinet
of thepresent Administration. The distinguished
head of the Department of State, when the boom-
ing of the rebellious cannon had scarce died away
at Fort Sumter, spoke on this subject to the na-
tions of Europe and to the civilized world. The
curtain was withdrawn, and the bloody drama
was open to his philosophic mind. He surveyed
it calmly, and then fully and clearly wrote down
the policy which the Administration nowinpower
would pursue; and in his official capacity pledged
the unsullied honor and untarnished faith of the
Republic, in the face of the world, for the truth
of what he said. Sir, I challenge the attention of
Congress and the country, now in this mad hour
of desperate measures, to the principles deliber-
ately laid down by the great leader of the great
party of the North, when we were not only en-
listing our own people in the awful struggle which
is upon us, but when we were also seeking favor
for our cause in the favorable public opinion of
mankind.
On the 22d day of April, 1861, Mr. Seward,
writing to Mr. Dayton, our minister at the Court
of the Emperor Napoleon, and treating of the sub-
ject of the present rebellion, said:
" I need not further elaborate the proposition that the rev-
olution is without a cause; it has not even a pretext.
" It is iust as clear that it is without an object. M oral and
Dhvsical causes have detci mined inflexibly the character
of each one cf the Territories over winch the dispute has
arisen, and both parties after tile election harmoniously
agreed on all the Federal laws required for their organiza-
tion. The Terntones will remain in all respects the same,
whether the revolution shall succeed or shall fail, the con-
dition of slavery m the several States will remain just the
same whether it succeed or fail. There is not even a pre-
text for the complaint that the disaffected States are to be
conauerec! bv the United States if the revolution fail; for
tile rights of "the States and the condition of every human
bein«ln them will remain subject to exactly the same laws
and forms of administration whether the revolution shall
succeed or fail. In the one case the States would bq,fed-
erally connected with the new confederacy; j'l thc other,
tliev would, as now, be membeis of the United Mates; but
their constitutions and laws, customs, habits, and institu-
tions m cither case will lemain the same.
" It is hardly necessarv to add to this incontestable state-
ment the further fact that the new President, a« well as the
citizens through whose suffrages he lias coinc into the ad-
mmis!rattan, lms always repudiated all designs whatever
and whenever imputed to turn and them ol disturbing the
system of slavery as it is existing under the Constitution and
laws. The case, however, would not be fully presented if
I were to omit to say that any such cffoit on his pai t would
be unconstitutional; and all his actions in that direction
would be prevented by the judicial authority, even though
they were assented to by Congress and the people.
Sir, this language needs no comment. It speaks
plainly for itself. It is the solemn pledge of the
Government that, under no circumstances, will it
interfere to change or abolish or modify any of
the laws or institutions of the States which are in
rebellion. Will that pledge be kept? What say
the leaders of the movement for universal eman-
cipation to this? Mr. Seward says that such a
measure would be prevented by the judicial au-
thority, even though the President and Congress
and the people should all act together tor its pro-
motion. What say the profound lawyers on the
opposite side to this barrier raised in an unex-
pected quarter against the fulfillment of theiriond
hopes' I leave them to dispose of it by some
slight of hand more familiar to them than tome.
Under date of April 10,1861, Mr. Seward wrote
to Mr Adams, the Amencan minister to bnglanfl,
and in his official instructions to him spoke as
follows:
" You will indulge m no exprcssionsof harshness or dis-
respect, or even impatience, concerning the secedcd states.
their agents, or their people; but you will, oil the contrary,'
all the while remember that those States ate now,as they
always heretofore have been, and, notwithstanding their
temporary self-delusion, they mustalways continue-to be,
equal and honored members of this Federal Union, and that
their citizens, throughout all political misunderstandings
and alienations, still are and always must be our kindred
and countrymen." -
On this doctrine, sir, I take my stand. It em-
braces the deliberate conclusions of my mind and
the sentiments of my heart. I believed in thffpriti'
ciples laid down by the Secretary of State, on the
10th day of April, when they were written, and I
believe in them now. If others have changedsi'nce
then,I have not. The Union which I seek to have
restored is the old Union, as it was made by our
ancestors; notanewand different one, shaped and
fashioned to suit the capricious notions of modern
politicians. I long to see the States once more re-
united as " equal and honored members of this
Federal Union," with the Constitution unchanged
in letter or in spirit, extending its protection and
its blessings alike to them all. I have no wish,
however, for the kind of aUnion which now seems
to meet the approbation of many of the distin-
guished leaders of the dominant party. Rome
her subjugated provinces reduced to squalid had
wretchedness by her vast standing armies. Her
trembling tributaries wailed and bled beneath her
cruel power. Her consuls went forth to govern,
to rob, to plunder, to scourge, and to crucify. She
reduced independent sovereign States to territo-
rial vassalage. She received theircnforced homage
as a conqueror. She confiscated their lands and
their substance. She filled her lap with extorted
wealth. But does the sad sequel to her history
commend her policy to us for adoption ? Stand-
ing armies preyed upon hervitalsand smote down
her liberties. Unwilling,unequal, and dishonored
States arose against her whenever the opportu-
nity offered. The Gaul, the Briton, the Tartar,
the Hun, the Goth, the Vandal, all,
" Dealt upon the seven-hilled city's 'pride,"
rifled her of her glory, and repaid her a thousand
fold for the bitter humiliations which her arrogance
had inflicted. All history repeats the same teach-
ing!
England, in modern times, has contributed her
example to this great lesson of history. Her whole
existence has been one protracted struggle to hold
within her grasp conquered and vassal colonies.
Her success has, indeed, thus far been great, but
. her experiment is not over. She has formed many
unions with weaker Powers whose soil she has
laid waste and whose people she has murdered;
but what sorrowful spectacles they are! She has
a union with Ireland, but who wants to behold
one like it on this continent,filled with blood, with
bitterness, with tears of grief, with cries of hate,
with charging armies, with revolution following
revolution in quick and horrid succession, and
with all those repulsive crimes which forever at-
tend such events, and over which humanity has
shuddered and wept in all ages? No, sir; let us
labor for no such Union as this. All history, all
ages, and every clime contain volumes of teach-
ing on this momentous subject. It becomes the
Ameri-can statesman to heed their warnings. Give
us back the Union as it always heretofore has
been, consisting of "equal and honored mem-
bers." Fail to do this; strip the States of their
attributes as States under the Constitution and
reduce them to territorial bondage, a measure
already introduced into the other branch of Con-
o-rcss, and though our armies may be victorious
?n every field; though they may, in their triumph-
ant march, cross every river, scale every mount-
ain, and encamp in every valley, from the Poto-
mac to Mobile, there will never come a day when
the an°"el of peace will return to the Hind; there
will never come a day when the drum-beat and
the roll-call of vast standing armies shall cease
to be heard; and there will never come a day
when the footfall of the Federal tax-gatherer shall
cease to be heatd at the threshold of every la-
borer's hamlet from the Atlantic to the Pacific
ocean. There will be no peace in such a Union.
The lightning of civil war will be forever playing
in fitful gleams along our horizon. The people
of the South are " our kindred and countrymen,
and the blood which we inherit in common, the
proud race to which we belong, never yielded a
i passive obedience to the degrading conditions of
I inequality and dishonor. I am fully aware that
i the sword must now briiTg the conclusion of this
