410
appendA to the congressional globe.
[July 16,
31th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of said board of police to cause the location of the
patrolmen to be changed from time to time, as the
efficiency of the force shall require.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said
board of police may appoint not exceeding six
detectives, who shail receive a monthly compen-
sation of seventy dollars each.
Sec . 9. And be it further enacted, That the board
of police, for meritorious and extraordinary ser-
vices rendered by any member of the police force,
in the due discharge of his duty, may permit any
member of the police force to retain for his own
benefit any reward or present tendered him there-
for; and it shall be cause of removal from the me-
tropolitan police force for any member thereof to
receive any such reward or present without notice
thereofto the Board of Metropolitan Police. Upon
receiving said notice, the said board may either
order the said member to retain the same, or shall
dispose of it for the benefit of the policemen's
fund. All fines imposed by the board of police
upon members of the metropolitan police force,
by way of discipline, and collectable from payor
salary, and all rewards, fees, proceeds of gifts, and
emoluments, that may be paid and given for ac-
count of extraordinary services of any member of
the metropolitan police force, (except when al-
lowed to be retained by safd member,) shall be
paid to the treasurer of the Board of Metropolitan
Police, unless otherwise appropriated by the board
of police.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
eral members of the police force, including the
commissioners of police, shall have power and
authority to immediately arrest without warrant,
and to take into custody any person who shall
commit, or threaten or attempt to commit, in the
presence of such member, or within his view, any
breach of the peace or offense directly prohibited
by a<^ of Congress, or by any ordinance of the
city or county within which the offense is com-
mitted, threatened, or attempted; but such mem-
ber of the police force shall immediately and with-
out delay upon such arrest convey in person such
offender before the nearest magistrate, that he may
be dealt with accouling to law.
Sec. 11. And be it further enactcd, That for the
better exercise of the powers and duties herein-
before enumerated, the board of police is hereby
authorized immediately, and from time to time
hereafter, but without expense to the United
Stales, to cause to be collected intoa compact form
all the laws and ordinances iij force in the said
District having relation and applicable to police
and health, and publish the same in a form easily
accessible to all members of the community, as
the police code of the said District; and the said
code so prepared, and such rules as the said board
of police may from time to time adopt for the
purpose of enforcing and carrying out the pro-
visions thereof shall constitute the law of the said
District upon the matters therein contained. All
laws, or parts of laws inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CLXXXII.—An Act making supplement-
al Appropriations for sundry Civil Expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, and for other purposes.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated for the objects here-
inafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, viz:
For mileage and per diem compensation to wit-
nesses, and other incidental expenses of the High
Court of Impeachment in the case of West H.
Humphreys, judge of the district court of the
United States for the State of Tennessee, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For laborers employed about the Hall of Rep-
resentatives, one thousand dollars.
For repairing custom-house atld post office at
Bangor, Maine, six thousand doilais.
For salary of clerk to Committee on Public
Lands authorized by resolution of the House of
Representatives of May twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, eighteen hundred dollars,
said salary to commence with the date of said res-
olution, and the sum herein mentioned shall be the
amount of his salary annually.
For painting iron fence around Lafayette Square,
and in front of the President's House, one thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the President to carry out the act of
Congress for the emancipation of the slaves in the
District of Columbia, and to colonize those to be
made free by the probable passage of a confisca-
tion bill, five hundred thousand dollars, to be re-
paid to the Treasury out of confiscated property,
to be used at the discretion of the President in
securing the right of colonization of said persons
made free, and in payment of the necessary ex-
penses of their removal.
For clerk hire in the consolidated land office at
Des Moines, Iowa, to be disbursed by the regis-
ter at a rate not exceeding three dollars per day,
from the thirty-first day of December, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, to the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, one thousand
six hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
For the pay of a commissioner and incidental
expenses, under the "Act for the codification and
revision of the laws of the District of Columbia,"
approved May twentieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, the sum of three thousand dollars.
And so much of the above recited act as author-
izes the appointment of more than one commis-
sioner be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ap-
propriations heretofore made for furnishing the
Department of State with Howard's Reports of
the Supreme Court of the United States, be ap-
plied to Reports of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, under whatsoever name published.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sal-
ary of the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
shall be the same as the Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, to commence with the present fiscal
year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated for the objects hereinafter expressed, for
the year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, viz:
For coal and firemen to warm the Library of
Congress, on account of a deficiency, for the fis-
cal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and for the present fiscal year,
twelve hundred dollars.
For the fund of the PatentOffice, fifty thousand
eight hundred and fifty-five dollars and forty-
nine cents, to supply a deficiency existing under
the act of March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, entitled, " An act in addition to an act
to promote the progress of the useful arts:" Pro-
vided, That the fourteenth section of said act be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for
rentofsurveyorgeneral's office in California, fuel,
books, stationery, and pay of messenger, two thou-
sand dollars.
• For service on such of the routes authorized by
the " Act establishing additional post routes" as
in the opinion of the Post Office Department may
be necessary, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses in carrying into effect the treaty
with Great Rritnin for the suppression of the slave
trade, the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That the office
of clerk in charge of unfinished surveys in the
General Land Office, under act of twenty-second
January, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
three, be, and the same is hereby, abolished, and
the duties thereof shall be transferred to the prin-
cipal draughtsman of the General Land Office, or
such other clerk as the Commissioner of said office
may designate.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That the sum
of fifteen thousand dollars be appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purchase of artificial limbs for sol-
diers and seamen disabled in the service of the
United States, to be expended under the direction
of the Surgeon General.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CLXXXIII.—An Act to establish and
equalize the grade of Line Officers of the United
States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the active list of line officers of
the United States Navy shall be divided into nine
grades, taking rank according to the date of their
commissions in each grade, as follows, viz:
First. Rear admirals.
Second. Commodores.
Third. Captains.
Fourth. Commanders.
Fifth. Lieutenant Commanders.
Sixth. Lieutenants.
Seventh. Masters.
Eighth. Ensigns.
Ninth. Midshipmen.
Sec.2. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the num-
ber of officers allowed to each grade shall not ex-
ceed nine rear admirals, eighteen commodores,
thirty-six captains,seventy-two commanders, one
hundred and forty-four lieutenant commanders,
one hundred and forty-four lieutenants, one hun-
dred and forty-four masters, and one hundred and
forty-four ensigns.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, That the ves-
sels of the United States Navy shall be divided
into four classes, to be commanded, as near as
may be, as follows:
First rates, by commodores.
Second rates, by captains.
Third rates, by commanders.
Fourth rates, by lieutenant commanders.
Lieutenant commanders may be assigned as
first lieutenants of naval stations and of vessels
not commanded by lieutenant commanders.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary ofthe Navy shallappointan advisory board
of not less than three officers, senior to those to
be reported upon, who shall carefully scrutinize
the active list of line officers above, and including
the grade of masters in the line of promotion, and
report to him in writing those who, in the opinion
of the board, are worthy of further promotion in
the following words: We hereby certify that 
 has the moral, mental, physical,and profes-
sional qualifications to perform efficiently all his
duties, both at sea and on shore, of the grade to
which he is^tD be promoted, and recommend him
for promotion.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the offi-
cers recommended shall be immediately commis-
sioned, according to their present seniority, in the
followmggrades and numbers, viz: eighteen com-
modores, thirty-six captains, seventy-two com-
manders, one hundred and forty-four lieutenant
commanders, one hundred and forty-four lieuten-
ants, one hundredand forty-four masters, and one
hundred and forty-four ensigns: Provided, That
this number of officers remain upon the active list
after the action of the board, otherwise so soon as
the graduates from the Naval Academy are avail-
able for promotion.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, Thatasimilar
advisory board shail be appointed at least oncc in
every four years: Provided, That the same offi-
cers shall not be eligible for two successive terms.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thatninerear
admirals may be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
who shall be selected, during war, from those
officers upon the active list not below the grade
of commanders, who have distinguished them-
selves, or shall hereafter most eminently distin-
guish themselves by courage, skill, and genius,
in theirprofession: Provided, Thatnoofficershall
be promoted to this grade unless, upon recom-
mendation of the President, by name, he has re-
ceived the thanks of Congress for distinguished
service. During times of peace vacancies to this
grade shall be filled by regular promotion from
the list of commodores, subject to examination as
aforesaid.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever, upon the recommendation of the President
of the United States, any officer of the Navy now
upon the active list, not below the grade of com-
mander, has received, or shall leceive, by name,
during the present war, a vote of thanks of Con-
gress for distinguished service, such officer shall
not be retired except for cause until he has been
