908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
will get to that in a moment. It is the very sub-
ject i rose to discuss. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
not enter upon any general discussion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will not take long.
I say I congiatulatc my colleague upon his an-
nouncement here to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. I really hope the gentleman
will not interfere with the passage of this bill.
It is absolutely necessary that we should pass it
speedily.
Mr; RICHARDSON. I would have been
through by this time, if the gentleman had waited.
Mr. STEVENS. If I nad known what the
gentleman wanted, he would not have begun.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Il-
linois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague alludes
to the proclamation of General Grant on his en-
tering the borders of Kentucky.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, my colleague has
indorsed General Grant.
Mr. WASHBEJRNE. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And I think one of the
most sensible proclamations that has been wiitten
since the commencement of the war, was written
by General Grunt when he entered Paducuh, Ken-
tucky. In that proclamation, he laid down this
proposition: "I have not come," says he. (i to
fight opinions; I have come tn resist treason and
to overwhelm it. I am not here to force opinions
upon you. I am here to sustain the Constitution
and the supremacy of the laws.*'
And one of the best signs during this whole
session, is the indorsement by my colleague of
General Grant. I did not know that my colleague
was prepared to indorse that proclamation. Hut,
sir, it is one that I would Jikc to sec written in
letters of gold upon the sky itself so that all the
world could read. It is the only correct doctrine
that has been proclaimed by any of our generals.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a great deal has been said
about the objects and purposes of this war. The
gentleman from Massachusetts remarked that we
stand in a very different position from what we
did at the called session. Well, sir, so we do;
but the only difference is that we now have an
army of six hundicd thousand men in the field.
How did you get them there? Did they come there
for the p urposes of abolition—for overthrowing the
Constitution and the laws? Notatall. You would
never have had this army; you would never have
won the victory at Port Donelson if it had been
understood that such were the objects of the war.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will not stop to present
any argument upon this proposition. I suspect
that, out of the four thousand men from my con-
gressional district who wcie in the fight at Fort
Donelson, twenty-five hundred of them voted for
me at the last election. I am inclined to believe
that at least that number of them voted for me.
I did not get th" votes of many of the officers,
[laughter,] but I did get the rank and file.
I will tell my colleague another thing. There
are footsteps of the Republicans in the Army, but
#the marks of their feet are all in one direction, and
when the rank and file return to their homes, after
the rebellion shall have been crushed out, as the
man toils upon his farm, as he labors to pay tins
taxation that is upon us, as he toils to support the
old /lag of his country, lie will not be very apt to
tiy the experiment of Republicanism or abolition-
ism n ain. That thing is about used up. There
is not much more of it. It is growing beautifully
small by degrees and elegantly less as it goes
along. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will tell you the J ev- (
liable result of this war is, you must hang a good j
many of the iraitois. I could not go home to my
people if] was not m favoi of that. When you
hang the extreme men in cither section, those in >
the other section will take warning by their fate.
The extinction of one will be the death of the
othe r.
We have remained in this House, sir, and seen
strange things going on without being able to help
ourselves. One of these men in the  South would
inflame his district by reading an abolition docu-
ment from {he North, a speech delivered here or
elsewhuie, it mattered not; and another up North
would set his district in a blaze of excitement by
disuibutin« the printed tavings of one of the fire-
eaters of the South, They were liioo a couple of
calves in spring standing on the hillside, who
constantly lick each other; and they are the only
ones I ever kne# who got fat on it. [Laughter.]
In that way they have sustained two large fami-
lies, one at the North and the other at the South.
Now, we might have been able to have got along
with them but for the unfortunate mistake in 1856.
We then committed a sad mistake. We believed
thirty or forty years ago that we could make a
good Democrat'out of an old Federalist; but it
was a deplorable error. [Laughter.] You may
take a shell from the sea-shore anywhere; you
may take it upon the mountains, or into the for-
ests, still it will sing the song of its ocean home.
Mr. Buchanan remained the same at the end that
he was in the beginning.
This revolution would never have broken out
but for two elements at the North, one the ex-
treme abolition party, and another party which
was infinitely worse—a party made up of James
Buchanan, Isaac Toucoy, Caleb Gushing, and
other like men. They'were worse than abolition-
ists, because they were smarter. [Laughter.] I
give that as my opinion.
The CHAIRMAN. Thcgentlcman'stimehas
expired.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Iam very sorry for that.
First amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the following :
That the following sums he, and the same are hereby,
appiopruited, out of any money in the Treasuiy not other-
wise appropuatcd, for the suppoit of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1863:
For expenacsot i counting, transportation of recruits, and
compensation to citizen sutgeons for medical attendance,
§180,000.
For purchase of books of tactics and instructions forvol-
unteeis, ^OO^OOO.
For pay of the Aimy,,<$3,905,318.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, $1,574,186 50.
For commutation of forage lor otliceis' hoises, $*<233,414.
For payments to di*chaiged soldieis for clothing not
di:wn, $150,000.
For paj meats in lieu of clothing for officers' servants,
$•71,630.
For pav of volunteers under acts of 22d and 05th of July,
181-1. $ 47,2S3,2b:S.
For subsistence in kind for regulars and volunteers.
§58,4:29,1 <0 80.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster^ depart-
ment, consis ting of luel foi the officois, enlisted men. guard,
hospitals, storehouse*, and offices; ot forage in kind for the
hotses, mule-., and oxen oftlie quartermaster's department
at the seveial post1* and stations, and with the aumes m the
field ; for the hoi^es oftlie several regiments of cavalry, the
bailvnes of artillery, and such companies of nitantiy as
may be mounted, and lor the authorized number ot officers'
hoises when serving m the held and at the outposts, includ-
ing bedding for the animal*; ot straw tor soldiers' bedding,
and ot statioueiy, including blank-books for the quarter-
master's d 'p:utment, certificates for discharged soldieis,
blank lorms tot the pay and quartermaster departments,
and for printing division and depaitment orders and icports,
$30,300,000.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermasters de-
partment, consisting of postage on letters and packets re-
ceived and sent by officers ofthc Auny on public service;
expenses of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, including
the additional compensation of judges advocate, reeoideis,
membeis, and witnesses, while on that seivice, under the
act of March 30, 1S0J; c\tni pay to soldiers employed, un-
der the direction of the qunrteunastot'« department, in the
election of barracks, quarters, sfoiebmiscs, and hospitals;
in the construction ot loads, and on othci constant labor,
foi periods ofnot le-fs than ten day*, under the acts of March
2,1819, and August 4,1S54, including those employed as
clciks at division and department headquarter*; expenses
of expresses to and fiotn the h onoei posts and Jinnies m the
field; of escorts to paymaster and other disbursing officers,
and to trains where imlitaty escorts cannot be furnished;
expenses oft he mtei men! of officer* killed in action, or who
die when on duty in the field, oi at posts on the frontieis.
or at other posts and places when oulcred by the Secretary
of War, and of non-comnns«ioned officets and soldiers;
authonzed office fuimtmc; hue of laborers in the quarter
mantel's department, including the lure of interpreters,
spies, and guides for the Army; compensation ol clerks of
the otiiecis of the quartermaster's depaitment; compen-
sation of foiagc and wagon masters, authorized by the act
of July f>, 1P38; tor the apprch n*ion of deserters, and the
expenses incident to their pins.uit; and for the lollowing
cxpendituiPS requited toi the sevens! icgimenf* of cavahy,
the battcue?- of light artillery, and such companies oCin-
fantry as may be mounted, viz : the purchase of traveling
forces, blacksmiths' and shoeing tooN, hoi &e and mule shoes
and nails, iron and stcei tor shoeing. hue of veterinary sur-
geon';. medicines for hordes and mules, picket ropes, and
tor shoeing the horses of the coi ps named; also, geneialiy,
the proper and authorized expense* forthe movement* and
opciations of an army not expressly assigned to any other
depaitment, $16,000,000.
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses.
§3.913,680.
For mileage, or the allowance made, to officers of the
Armv for the transpoitation of themselves and their bag-
gdgc, when traveling on duly without tioop-?, escorts, or
supplic*, .5l.UUO.OOO.
For transportation ol the Atmy, including the baggage of
the tioop* when moving, either by land 01 water; ot cloth-
ing, camp, and garrison equipage'iroin the depots at tlul
adefphia and New York to the several posts and Army de-
pots, and fiom those depots to the troops in the field : and
subsistence from the places of purchase audftom the places
of delivery under contract, to such places as the eiicum-
stanccs of the service may require them to be sent; of ord-
nance, ordnance stores, and small arms from foundenes and
armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and
Army depots; freights, whartago, tolls, and leruages; for
the purchase and hire of horses, mules, oxen, and harness,
and the pmchase and repair of wagons, carts, and drays,
and of ships, and other sea-going vessels and boats required
for the transportation of supplies andforgairi&on purposes;
for drayage and cartage at the several posts; lure of team-
sters ; transportation of funds for the pay and othei disburs-
ing depaitments; the expense of sailing public transports
on tiie various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, anil the Atlantic
and Pacific; and for procunng water at such posts as,from
their situation, require that it be brought tiom a distance;
and for clcaung loads, and removing obsti uctions fiom
roads. harbors, and rivers, to the extent which may be re-
quired for the actual operations of the tioops in the field,
§35,000,000.
For hire or commutation of quarters for officers 011 mil-
itary duty, hire of quarters for tioop?, of stoichouses for the
safe-keeping of military stoies, of grounds for summer can-
tonments, tor the construction of tetnpoiary hut-, hospitals,
and stables, and forrepaiiingpublic'buUdings at established
posts, $3,500,000.
For hoatmg and cooking stoves, $-75,000.
For gunboats on the western river*. $1,000,000.
For contingencies of the Anny, $400,000.
For clothing for the Army, camp and gariison eofuipage,
and for expenses of offices and arsenals, $3D,G30,717 91,
For the medical and hospital department, £3,500,000.
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant General's de-
partment at depaitment headquarters, $2,000.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger in the office
of the Commanding General, $2,000.
For contingent expenses of the office of the Commanding
General, $300.
For supplies, transportation, and care of prisoners of war,
$1,124,576.
For armament of fortifications, $1,062,500.
For the current expenses of the ordnance service,
$732,600.
For oidnance, otdnanee stores, and supplies, including
horse equipments for ail mounted troops, $7,380,000.
For the manufacture of arms at the national armory,
$1,600,000.
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at the
national aimory at Springfield, Massachusetts, $150,000.
For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, $1,100,000.
For additions to and extension of shop room, machinery,
tools, and lixtuies at arsenals, $500,00$.
For surveys of military defenses, $100,000.
For purchase and repair of liistiiuncnts, $>10,000.
For printing charts of lake surveys, $10,000.
For continuing the survey of the northern and northwest-
ern lakes, including Lake Superior, $105,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sccond amendment:
Change the second section to section first.
The amendment was concurred m.
Third amendment:
In the following, strike out the word " dragoon," and in-
sert " cavalty j'"1 so that it will read :
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
$1,661,040.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Insert:
Foi regular supplies, incidental expenses, transportation,
barracks, quartets, clothing, camp and garrison equipage,
equipping, transporting, and supporting prisoner^ and other
supplies for the quartermaster's department for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1882, and to be divided among the
said several States by appropriations herein named as the
exigencies of the service may require, §70,300,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Insert:
For aimamcnt of fortifications, $834,000,
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Insert:
For current expense" of the ordnance servicc, *$-200,000.
The amendment was concuried in.
Seventh amendment:
For oidnance, oidnance stores and supplies, including
arms for the mounted troops, $1,034,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Insert:
For purchase of arms for volunteers and regulars, and
ordnance and ordnance siores, $7,500,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out the title and insert the following: •< An act
making additional appiopnntionsfor the support of the Army
tor the year ending the 30th of June. 18o2.;'
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee lise
and report the bill and amendments to the House.
The motion way agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
