1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
009
resumed the chair, Mr. Alley reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 209, making appropriations for the support
of the Aimy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863, and additional appropriations for the servicc
of the year ending the 30th of June, 1S62, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, and had in-
structed him to report the same to the House, with
the recommendation that the amendments be con-
curred in.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was. con-
curred in.
adjournment over.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House ad-
journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next, at half past twelve o'clock, p. m. It is
necessary to get this Hall in order for the celebra-
tion on Saturday.
The question was taken ;and the House refused
to adjourn over.
benjamin iiigdon.
Mr. HOLMA-N. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On the 20th of January, on the statement
of certain facts to the House by the special com-
mittee on Government contracts, it was ordered
that a certain witness, Benjamin Higdon, of Ohio,
should be brought to the bar of this House to
answer an alleged contempt. Afterwards that
witness appeared before the committee, in this
city, and was examined—the House not being in
session at the time—on the condition that he
should pay the costs of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
who had sent a deputy to Ohio to serve the attach-
ment on him. The Sergeant-at-Arms makes the
following repoit.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To the Committee of vhiih
Hon. Chari.fs II. Van Wyok is Chairman:
On the 20th day of January, 1862,1 received the warrant
of attachment for the arie^tof Benjamin Iligdon, and on the
same day dibpatchcd John Q. Lane, Esq.^is a special as-
sistant, to Cincinnati, Ohio, to execute lift writ.
Owing to the absence of said Higdon front Cincinnati, the
arrencould not be made until the 4th day of February, 186-2.
When airested, the said Higdon informed the assistant
that since the issuing of the attachment he had appeared
befoie the committee, and had been peimitted to testify
upon the condition (to which lie agreed) that he would pay
the expense* of the Government gt owing out of the issuing
of said attachment." '' upon the payment of which costs the
committee had, as he alleged, agreed to recommend to the
Hou&e to di&ehaige him without further proceedings "
In consideration of tins agreement,and notdesirmgto put
eithei the Government or the piisoner to unnecessary ex-
pense, he has not vet been conveyed to Washington, but has
been permitted to remain at Cincinnati, with the under-
standing that he consider himself still in legal custody, un-
til a reasonable time could be given for a decision by the
House.
The paid Iligdon has transmitted to me, by Hon. J. A.
Gcrley, one hundred and fifty dollar* to pay costs, which,
as soon as he shall be discharged, I propose to pay into the
public Treasury.
I therefore request the committee to have the subject
brought to the attention of the House and disposed of at an
CaRespcotfUl!y, EDWARD HALL,
Sergcant-at-Jlrm$ House of Representatives.
Ptfr. HOLMAN. While it is true that the wit-
ness was guilty of a contempt of the authority of
the House in failing to appear, yet it seems that
he expected to -appear before the committee in
Cincinnati, and would have done so hud not the
committee left the city earlier than was expected.
The committee, however, thought that it would not
be proper to incur theexpenses arising outof the
con tempt, although it may not have been intended,
and as the money has been paid to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, I move that the witness be discharged
from the attachment to which he is now subject,
and that there be no further proceedings m the
premises.
The motion was agreed to.
iiiium paulding.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, by unammousconscnt,
introduced a bill for the relief of Hiram Paulding,
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m. ) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 21, 1862.
death of a son of the president.
The Chaplain, Rev. ByuonSunderlandjD.D.,
offered the following prayer:
Almighty and Everlasting God, with what a
deep and profound mystery of mingled emotion,
now of joy and exultation, and now of grief and
sadness, dost Thou fill the heart of this great
people; for, while the most thrilling tidings are
borne upon our ears from the armies of the Re-
public, and while a voicc'hke the voice of the old
Prophet and Chieftain of Israel is uttered by our
Minister of War, inspiring in us a still greater
confidence in Thee, our thoughts have been sud-
denly arrested by the dark shadow of domestic
and personal affliction which has fallen now upon
the heart and the home of our President. With
him and with his family, we do sincerely and most
earnestly sympathize this day; and we pray Thee,
O God, to give to him and to them that divine
support which no earthly rank, nor honor, nor
distinction can afford in such an hour of trial.
And may the spirit of the Almighty rest upon
these Senators in council and upon our soldiers
in the field until the hourofThydeliverance shall
strike the nation's full and final victory. Amen.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I submit
the following jesolution:
Entertaining the deepest sentiments of sympathy and con-
dolence with the President of the Unit"d States and hn
family in their present affliction, by the death of his son,
liesoZuerf, That the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolution was unanimously adopted; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 21, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate insist upon their amendments disagreed to
by the House of Representatives to the bill of the
House, No. 240, to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States, and disagree to the amendments
of the House to the eighteenth amendment of the
Senate, and ask a committee of conference upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and that they had appointed Mr. Fessenden, Mr.
Sherman, and Mr. Carlile to be such commit-
tee upon the part of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I movp that the bill just re-
turned be taken from the Speaker's table, and that
the request of the Senate be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Horton, and Mr. Sedgwick as
such committee on the part of the House.
chippewa indian lands.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be, and
hereby are, instructed to inquire into the expediency ami
necessity of making a small appiopuation todcfiay the ex-
penses of holding a council and making or negotiating a
treaty with the Chippewa Indians of northern Minnesota,
with a view to the puichase ot all or a portion of their lands
in that State, and loport by bill or otherwise
resolutions of state legislatures.
Mr. BLAKE, byunanimousconsent,presented
to the House the resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Ohio, ill reference to the following
subjects; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed:
Relative to the protection of our soldiers from
the imposition of sutlers in the Army;
Relative to requesting Congress to pass such
laws as Will prevent fraud and corruption by the
agents and office is of the Government;
Relative to establishing a naval tfcpot on the
westejn lakes;
Relative to the establishment of a branch cloth-
ing bureau, &c.; and
Relative to the opening of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad.
CONTESTED-ELECTION C5ASI3.
Mr. WORCESTER. I desire to give notice
that on Monday next I shall move to take from
the table the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of Ferguson vs. Upton, for "con-
sideration at that time.
Washington's birthday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to siay
to the members of the House that to-morrow the
front door of the Hall will be closed until the
Senate and Cabinet appear. The side doors on
each side of the Hall will also be closed during
that time, and members are requested to enter the
Hall by the private stairway back of the Hall.
CLERK TO a COMMITTEE.
Mr. SPAULDING asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resoh-ed, That the committee on the defenses of the great
lakes and livers be authorized to employ a clerk on the
umkU terms, for not exceeding sixty davs.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING objected.
Mr. ELIOT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
homestead BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of bus-
iness is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
125) to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain, and to provide a bounty for
soldiers in lieu of a grant of public lands, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
.The pending question is the motion to recom-
mit the bill with the following instructions:
Strike out the eighth section of the bill, and insert;
And he it further enacted. That the provisions of an act,
entitled "An act in addition to certain acts granting bounty
hind to certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
m the military service of the United State:*,v approved
March 3,1855, shall extend to and be eon&ti ued to embrace
the officer*, soldiers, and seamen who have been engaged
in the military ot naval sctvi.ce of the United States since
the 12th day of April, 1861, or who shall beenaaged in such
service during the piesent war: Provided, however, That no
officer, soldier, or seaman shall be entitled tothe benefit of
said act unless he shall have been engaged m the service
afoiesaid for a period of not less than sixty days, or been
honorably discharged on account of wounds received or
sickncs incurtcd while in the line of his duty in such'scr-
vicc: Provided jurther, That the widows and children of
officers, soldieis, and seamen who shall die from wounds
received or sickness incurred while in the seivice of the
United States, as aforesaid, shall bo entitled to the benefits
of said act.
And that they further provide that this act, except this
section, shall not go into operation for the period of one
year after the elosc of the war in winch we are now en-
gaged
Here Mr. Wasiiburne temporarily assumed
the chair.
Mr. STEVENS. This is an important matter,
and I desire to move its reference to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. GROW. It is not my purpose to trespass
on the patience of the House with any lengthy
remarks on the homestead policy; for it is a subject
that has been fully discussed in both branches of
Congress for the last ten years. Five times during
that period, a bill similar in its provisions to this
one has passed the House—twice by a two-thirds
vote when there were political parties here nearly
balanced on all other questions.
Mr. STEVENS. What is the question now
UPMr. GROW. The homestead bill.
Mr. STEVENS. It was not a homestead bill
read by the Clerk.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; it was the instructions
on the motion to recommit.
Mr. STEVENS. The instructions are not to
report a homestead bill.
Mr. GROW. No, sir. A homestead bill was
reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
moved to amend a motion to recommit with in-
structions to report a bounty land bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not understand the
homestead was up; I only heard the instructions
read.
Mr. GROW. I have but a few words to say
on this subject, for the reasons J have just indi-
cated. A measure that has been discussed for so
long a time and has received the approval of both
branches of Congress, indorsed by the popular
will expressed in primary assemblies, State or-
ganizations, and~national conventions, should be
sufficiently matured for the immediate action of
