910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
the Representatives of the people, or it speaks
poorly for their attention to public affairs.
There has, perhaps, never been a measure be-
fore Congress so emphatically approved by a ma-
jority of the American people, especially that por-
tion of it still loyal to the Constitution and the
Union, as this. I am aware that it was never very
popular with the Representativesof that portion of
the people now in rebellion, and of late years it
received from them almost a unanimous opposi-
tion.
This measure having in its support the indis-
pensable requisite for all legislation in a free elect-
ive government, the unmistakable approval of the
popular will, why should it not now pass?
One objection urged is, that such is the condi-
tion of the Treasury at this time, that the public
lands should be disposed of as heretofore, m order
to supply its wants. That its immediate wants
cannot be relieved in that way is conclusive, by
the statement made in the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The Secretary
of the Interior, in reviewing that statement, in his
annual report submitted to this Congress, says:
"It will be seen from this statementthat the public lands
have ceased s<ubi.tanhaMy, for rhc present at least,, to be a
source of revenue to the Government."
For the present, then, no revenue is to be de-
rived from the public lands, consequently no im-
mediate relief from that source, if any at all, it
must be by keeping them as a source of future
revenue, if that shall be the decision of Con-
gress, then it is an abandonment of the homestead
policy, and the doctrine that the best possible
disposition to be made of these lands would be to
grant them in limited quantities to theactual set-
tier, at the bare cost of survey and transfer, is
false in principle, and in profession—a cheat.
The only other objection that 1 have heard is,
that even though no present revenue is to be de-
rived from the public lands, the passage of a
homestead bill at tins time would injure the Gov-
ernment ciedit.
Sir, who loans the Government at this time with
any reference to the public lands? The capitalists
of the country have not been so indifferent specta-
tors of the doings of Congress and the movements
of political parties as not to regard the passage of
a homestead bill as a foregone conclusion. In my
judgment, the retention of the lands by the Gov-
ernment will in no way enhance its credit. The
standard of credit with a nation is not the amount
of unproductive property that it may possess, but
the ability of Us people to pay taxes. 1 ts real wealth
consists not in the sums of money paid into its
Treasury, but in its flocks, its herds, and culti-
vated fields, and, above all, in the comfort of its
laboring classes; not in the mass of its wealth,but
in its diffusion.
Believing that the best disposition to be made
of these lands, at any time, in order to secure from
them the greatest benefit to the Treasury, would
be to set them apart in homesteads for actual set-
tlers, it is, in my judgment, doubly so now, even
for that purpose.
Whatever changes this rebellion may produce
in the industrial puisuits of the country, it must
certainly revolutionize its revenue policy; for it
will bo impossible to raise the necessary revenue
for its current expenses and provide for the na-
tional debt by duties on imports alone. Hence
must come a icsort to internal taxation; and the
amount of taxes thus collected will depend, in a
great degree, on the ability of -<he people to con-
sume the products taxed. Thegreater the ability
to consume the greater the consumption, and tin1
greater the consumption the greater, of course,
must be the production, and, consequently, the
greater the revenue collected on it.
Neither direct or indirect taxes can be collected
from the lands of the Government, except the
price that should be paid on what may be sold.
But by the present mode of disposing of the lands
the ability of the occupant to consume foreign or
domestic products is greatly lessened by the ab-
sorption of so large an amount of his earnings j
in paying for the land which he desires for his
home.
The whole nmount of land disposed of by the
Government to September 30,1859, was 388,858,-
325 acres; since that time, to September 30,1861,
17,349,585 acres—in all, to September 30, 1861,
406,207,910 acres. For the last five years, of the
whole amount disposed of, not quite one fifth was
to preemptors.
Bat assuming that as a fair average, and that
the quantity taken by preemptors would be about
the proportion taken directly from the Govern-
ment by actual settlers—though a large amount of
lands preempted is taken by the speculator—and
apply this proportion to the whole amount of lands
disposed of, and there has been sold to the actual
settler about 81,251,382acres atGovernment price;
while for the 324,956,528 acres he has had to pay
from three to ten dollars per acre additional. Call
the average of the lands purchased from the spec-
ulator five dollars per acre, and the settler will
have paid for all the lands disposed of by the Gov-
ernment $1,726,345,865, besides the interest accru-
ing during the time of his payments.
While this large amount has been abstracted
from the earnings of the cultivator, the Govern-
ment has actually received a little less than one
hundred and eighty-four millions of dollars, the
balance of this enormous sum having been paid
to the speculator, from which the Government
has derived no benefit. And yet it is proposed to
continue this system by which the sons of toil are
compelled, for every dollar they pay into the
Treasury of the nation, to pay almost nine dol-
lars to the speculator. Would it not be a wiser
statesmanship to adopt a policy that would secure
labor in all its earnings, with which to make its
home comfortable, educate its children, and, by
its increasing wealth, contribute more largely to
the support of Government by consuming to a
greater extent the articles from which it derives
its revenue. We complain of this system of legis-
lation, by which idleness and extravagance flour-
ish on the wail and woe of industry, as unjust in
principle and suicidal in policy.
In my judgment, it is now more than ever the
true policy for the Government to grant tho pub-
lic lands to actual settlers at the baie cost of sur-
vey and transfer. In the imposition of direct taxes
nothing will be collected from them unless dis-
posed of by the Government; nor will anything
be collected therefrom in the indirect taxes with-
out a settler. With o settler on each quarter sec-
tion, though nothing was paid for the land, the
ability of the Government to collect revenue there-
from is greatly enhanced over its present system,
as I have already shown by the figures.
In order to give the soldier now m the field an
opportunity to avail himself of the advantages to
be secured by the bill at as early a day as any one
else, (though the lands will not be absorbed or
materially lessened, should the homestead pass
to-day, before this rebellion will be ended,) it
might, perhaps, be well to fix a future day for the
act to take effect. Whatever advantages can be
secured to the men who are to-day fighting the
battles of constitutional free government, consist-
ent with just legislation, should be cheerfully
adopted. But I can see no reason for the aban-
donment of a homestead policy or long delay in its
enactment into law fiuni any considerations con-
nected with this icbellion.
The bill now underconsidcration provides that
any person who has served in quelling tho rebel-
lion, no matter what his age or nationality, shall
be entitled to all its benefits; so that any one de-
siring to settle on the public domain can take one
hundred and sixty acres, under the provisions of
this bill,and the Government has already provided
for each soldier a bounty of §100 at the close of
his service. The advantage he would have over
any other citizen is this donation in money. So
that provision is made for all the soldiers who de-
sire to make themselves a home on the public
domain, and why should speculation and monop-
oly of the lands he encouraged and facilitated by
a new issue of land warrants, to be sold, judging
by the price of the last issue, for twenty-five or
thirty cents per acre, thus conferring no real ben-
efit upon the soldier, while inflicting an evil and
curse upon the labor of the country"? Whatever
benefit the Government would confer upon the
soldier, let it be made in a way to be a substantial
advantage to him without being of lasting injury
to any one else.
Whatever disposition Congress may evince to
reward the patriotic devotion of the soldier, re-
lieve his sufferings and provide for his future while
living, or to wreathe his grave when dead, will
meet my hearty cooperation. They are the he-
roes of the age, fighting the battles of mankind;
and a nation's honors await them living, and
when dead their tombs will be the hearts of their
countrymen, their monuments the granite hills of
a nation rejoicing in freedom.
But there are soldiers of peace—that grand army
of the sons of toil, whose lives, from the cradle
to the grave, are a constant warfare with the ele-
ments, with the unrelenting obstacles of nature
and the merciless barbarities of savage life. Their
battle-fields are on the prairies and the wilderness
of your frontiers; their achievements, felling the
forests, leveling the mountains, filling the valleys,
and smoothing the pathway of science and civil-
ization in their march over the continent. While
we provide with open hand for the soldier on the
tented field, let us not heap unnecessary burdens
upon these heroes of the garret, the workshop,
and the wilderness home. They have borne
your eagles in triumph from ocean to ocean, and
spanned the continent with great empires of free
States, built on the ruins of savage life. Such are
tho men whom the homestead policy would save
from the grasp of speculation. By it you would
secure to them all their earnings, with which to
make their homes comfortable, build the school-
house and church, and thus contribute to the great-
ness and glory of the Republic.
In conclusion—for I have trespassed upon the
time of the House much longer than I intended—
I submit, in behalf of the Treasury of the nation,
in behalf of its credit, in behalf of its sons of toil,
that the best disposition that can be made of the
public domain is to set it apart and consecrate it
forever in homes for freemen relieved from the
burdens of unjust legislation, and secure in all.
their earnings with which to develop the elements
of a higher and better civilization.
DEATH IN TIIE PRESIDENT'S FAMILY.
Mr. KNAPP. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Entertaining the deepest sentiments of sympathy ami
condolence with the Pievidentof tho United State* and ius
lanuiy in their present affliction, by the death of his son,
Resolved, That thus House do now adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would suggest the propri-
ety of amending that resolution by adding another
resolution rescinding so much of the action of
this House v d the Senate as provides for an
illumination of the public buildings on to-mor-
row night.
It seems to^ne a little incongruous that we
should go on with such a proceeding under the
circumstances. It is well enough to meet and
carry out the programme so far as the reading of
Washington's Farewell Address is concerned, but
no further. I understand that the order of the
War Department in reference to the exhibition of
flags here is to be withdrawn.
Mr. OLIN. Let that be done by separate res-
olution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Very well. I will, then, re-
quest my colleague temporarily to withdraw his
resolution to permit me to offer the one 1 have
suggested.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is no ne-
cessity of the resolution being withdrawn. This
cat} be passed by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Not after the House adjourns.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. No, but before
the other resolution is acted on.
Mr.FENTON. I understand the Senate have
notacted on the jointresolution makinganappro-
priation fur this purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. But the Senate have passed
the resolution directing tho illumination, and un-
less wc take some action to prevent it, it will take
place. 1 repeat, that it seems to me there is some-
thing a little incongruous in the illumination under
the circumstances. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
the resolution directing the illumination is a con-
current resolution of the two Plouses, which a
simple resolution of this House cannot repeal.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. And I will fur-
ther suggest, if the gentleman will permit me, that
I understand the Senate has already adjourned, so
that it is too late for both Houses to act upon a
proposition to rescind.
Mr. ICNAPP. I believe I am entitled to the
floor upon my resolution. I was willing the pur-
pose suggested by my colleague should be accom-
plished if it could be done; but 1 will suggest that,
as the Senate has already adjourned, and nothing
