412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
lino dividing townships forty-one a fid forty-two
north, including Saint Martin's and the adjacent
islands near the entrance to " Bis; Bay De Nor.,"
now forming a part of the present Cheboygan
district, and subject to sale at Traverse city, in
said State, be, and the same is hereby, attached
to the "Lake Superior district," and the lands
therein be subject to sale and entry at the site of
the land office'for said district.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That this act
shall not take effect until three months after fche
date of its approval.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CLXXXVII.—An Act to impose an ad-
ditional Duty an Sugars produced in the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the XJnited States ofJlmerica in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the duties imposed
by the act entitled "An act to piovide internal
revenue to support the Government, and to pay
interest on the public debt," approved July first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, on all brown
muscovado or clarified sugars produced directly
from the sugar cane, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid, under the provisions of said act,
upon all such sugars produced in the United States,
a duty of one cent per pound; and such additional
duty and the duty specified in the act aforesaid
shall be levied, collected, and paid [onj all such
sugars, not manufactured for consumption in the
family of the producer, in the hands of the pro-
ducer or manufacturer thereof or of his agent or
factor, on the day of the approval of this act by
the President: Provided, That within States or
parts of States declared to be in insurrection the
said duties may be collected in such manner and
by such officers as the President may direct until
the insurrection so declared shall cease or have
been suppressed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this act shall not apply to sugar man-
ufactured from sorghum.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
CnAr. CLXXXVIII.—An Act to punish the
fraudulent sale or use of Postage Stamps.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the L nited States of America in Congress
assembled, That any person who shall willfully
remove or cause to be removed from any postage
stamp or stamped envelope the cancelling or de-
facing marks thereon, with intent to use the same
or cause the use of the same the second time, or
shall knowingly or willfully sell or buy such
washed or restored stamps, or offer the same for
sale, or give or expose the same to any person for
use, or knowingly use the same, or prepare the
same with intent for the second use thereof, every
such person shall, upon conviction thereof, bead-
judged guilty of felony, and shall be punished by
im prisonment not exceeding three years or by fine
not exceeding one thousand dollars, or by both
imprisonment and fine as aforesaid; and one half
such fine, when collccted, shall be paid to the
informer.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Act in relation to the
Competency of Witnesses, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ojthe United States oj Arnericain Congress
assembled, That the laws of the State in which the
court shall bo held shall be the rules of decision
as to the competency of witnesses in the courts
of the United States, in trials at common law, in
equity, and admiralty.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much
of section twenty-nine of an act entitled "An aet
to establish [the] judicial courts of the United
States," approved September twenty-four, sev-
enteen hundred and eighty-nine, as requires, in
cases punishable with death, twelve petit jurors
to be summoned from the county where the of-
fense was committed, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed. J
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CXC.—An Act prohibiting the confine-
ment of Persons in the Military Service of the
United States in the Penitentiary of the District
of Columbia, except as a Punishment for cer-
tain Crimes, and to discharge therefrom certain
Convicts by sentence of Courts-Martial, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That hereafter no person in the mili-
tary service of the United States, convicted and
sentenced by a court-martial, shall be punished
by confinement in the penitentiary of the District
of Columbia, unless the offense of which such
person may be convicted would by some statute
of the United States or at common law, as the
same exists in the said District, subject such con-
vict to said punishment.
Sec.2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all such
persons in the military service, as aforesaid, who
have heretofore been, or may hereafter be, con-
victed and sentenced by a court-martial for any
offense which, if tried before the criminal court
of said District, would not subject such person to
imprisonment in said penitentiary, and who are
now and may hereafter be confined therein, shall
be discharged from said imprisonment, upon such
terms and conditions of further punishment as the
President of the United States may, in his dis-
cretion, impose as a commutation of said sen-
tence.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon the
application of any citizen of the United States,
supported by his oath, alleging that a person or
persons in the military service, as aforesaid, are
confined in said penitentiary under the sentence
of a court-martial for any offense not punishable
by imprisonment in the penitentiary by the au-
thority of the criminal court afuresaid, it shall be
the duty of the judge of said court, or, in case of
his absence or inability, of one of the judges of
the circuit court of said District, if, upon an in-
spection of the record of proceedings of said court-
martial, he shall find the facts to be as alleged in
said application, immediately to issue the writ of
habeas corpus to bring before him the said con-
vict; and if, upon an investigation of the case, it
shall be the opinion of such judge that the case
of such convict is within the provisions of the
previous sections of this act, he shall order such
convict to be confined in the common jail of said
District, until the decision of the President of the
United States as to the commutation aforesaid
shall be filed in said court, and then such convict
shall be disposed of and suffer such punishment
as by said commutation of his said sentence may
be imposed.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That no per-
son convicted upon the decision of a court-mar-
tial shall be confined in any penitentiary of the
United States, except under the condition's of this
act.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CXCY.—An Act to suppress Insurrection,
to punish Treason and Rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the Property of Rebels, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That every person who shall hereafter
commit the crime of treason against the United
States, and shall be adjudged guilty thereof, shall
suher death, and all his slaves, if any, shall be
declared and made free; or, at the discretion of
the court, he shall be imprisoned for not less than
five years and fined not less than ten thousand
dollars, and all his slaves, if any, shall be de-
elated and made free; saidfine shall be levied and
collected on any or all the property, real and per-
sonal, excluding slaves, of which the said person
so convicted was the owner at the time of com-
mitting the said crime, any sale or conveyance to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall hereafter incite, set on foot, assist,
or engage in any rebellion or insurrection against
the authority of the United States, or the laws
thereof, or shall give aid or comfort thereto, or
shall engage in, or give aid and comfort to, any
such existing rebellion or insurrection, and be
convicted thereof, such person shall be punished
by imprisonment for a period not exceeding ten
years; or by a fine not exceeding ten thousand
dollars, and by the liberation of all his slaves, if
any he have; or by both of said punishments, at
the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That every
person guilty of either of the offenses described in
this act shall be forever incapable and disquali-
fied to hold any office under the United States.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That this act
shall not be construed in any way to affect or
alter the prosecution, conviction, or punishment
of any person or persons guilty of treason against
the United States before the passage of this act,
unless such person is convicted under this act.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That, to insure
the speedy termination of the present rebellion,
it shall be the duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States to cause the seizure of all the estate and
property, money, stocks, credits, and effects of
the persons hereinafter named in this section, and
toapply and use the same and the proceeds thereof
for the support of the Army of the United States,
that is to say:
First. Of any person hereafter acting as an offi-
cer of the army or navy of the rebels in arms
against the Government of the United States.
Secondly. Of any person hereafter acting as
president, vice president, member of congress,
judge of any court, cabinet officer, foreign minis-
ter, commissioner or consul of the so-called con-
federate States of America.
Thirdly. Of any person acting as governor of
a State, member of a convention or legislature,
or judge of any court of any of the so-called con-
federate States of America.
Fourthly. Of any person who, having held an
office of honor, trust, or profit in the United
States, shall hereafterholdanofficein the so-called
confederate States of America.
Fifthly. Of any person hereafter holding any
office or agency under the government of the so-
called confederate States of America, or under any
of the several States of the said confederacy, or
the laws thereof, whether such office or agency
be national, State, or municipal in its name or
character: Provided, That the persons thirdly,
fourthly, and fifthly above described shall have
accepted their appointment or election since the
date of the pretended ordinance of secession of the
State, or shall have taken an oath of allegiance to,
or to support the constitution of the so-called
confederate States.
Sixthly. Of anjr person who, owning property
in any loyal State or Territory of the United
States, onn the District of Columbia, shall here-
after assist and give aid and comfort to such re-
bellion; and all sales, transfers, or conveyances
of any such property shall be null and void; and
it shall be a sufficient bar to any suit brought by
such person for the possession or the use of such
property, o% any of it, to allege and prove that
he is one of the persons described in thi3 sec-
tion.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That if any
person within any State or Territory of the Uni-
ted States, other than those named as aforesaid,
after the passage of this act, being engaged in
armed rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or aiding or abetting such rebellion,
shall not, within sixty days after public warning
and proclamation duly given and made by the
President of the United States, cease to aid, coun-
tenance, and abet such rebellion, and return to his
allegiance to the United States, alt the estate and
property, moneys, stocks, and credits of such
person shall be liable to seizure as aforesaid, and
it shall be the duty of the President to seize and
use them as aforesaid or the proceeds thereof.
And all sales, transfers, or conveyances of any
such property after the expiration of the said sixty
days from the date of such warning and procla-
mation shall be null and void; and it shall be a
sufficient bar to any suit brought by such person
for the possession or the use of such property, or
any of it, to allege and prove that ho is one of the
persons described in this section.
Sec.7. And be it further enacted, Thattosecure
the condemnation and sale of any of such prop-
erty, after the same shall have been seized, so that
it may be made available for the purpose afore-
