414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July n,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
on conviction thereof before a general court-mar-
tial, be cashiered.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the first
section of the act approved August six, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, entitled " An act to in-
crease the pay of privates in the regular Army
and in the volunteers in the service of the United
States, and for other purposes," shall not be so
construed, after the passage of this act, as to in-
crease the emoluments of the commissioned offi-
cers of the Army. And the eighth section of the
act of twenty-second July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, entitled " An act to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws
and protecting public property," shall be so con-
strued as to give to quartermaster sergeants the
same compensation as to regimental commissary
sergeants.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the aforesaid act approved twenty-second July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, asauthorizes each
regiment of volunteers in the United States ser-
vice to have twenty-four musicians for a band,
and fixes the compensation of the leader of the
band, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and
the men composing such bands shall be mustered
out of the service within thirty days after the pas-
sage of this act.
Sec.G. Andbeit farther enacted, That each brig-
ade in the volunteer service may have sixteen mu-
sicians as a band, who shall receive the pay and
allowances now provided by law for regimental
bands, except the leader of the band, who shall
receive forty-five dollars per month with the emol-
uments and allowances of a quartermaster's ser-
geant.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in lieu
of the present rate of mileage allowed to officers
of the Army when traveling on public duty,
where transportation in kind is not furnished to
them by the Government, not more than six cents
per mile shall hereafter be allowed, unless where
an officer is ordered from a station east of the
Rocky mountains to one west of the same mount-
ains, or vice versa, wiien ten cents per mile shall
be allowed to him; and no officer of the Army or
Navy of the United States shall be paid mileage
except for travel actually performed at his own
expense, and in obedience to orders.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That so much
of section nine of the aforesaid act, approved July
twenly-sccond, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
and of section seven of the " Actproviding for the
better organization of the military establishment,"
approved August third,eighteen hundred and six-
ty-one, as defines the qualifications of chaplains in
the Army and volunteers, shall hereafter be con-
strued to read as follows: Thai no person shall
be appointed a chaplain in the United States Army
who is not a regularly ordained minister of some
religious denomination, and who does not present
testimonials of his present good standing as such
minister, with a recommendation for his appoint-
ment as an,Army chaplain from some authorized
ecclesiastical body, or not less than five accredited
ministers belonging to said religious denomination.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
the compensation of all chaplains in the regulat-
or volunteer service or Army hospitals shall be
one hundred dollars per month and two rations
a day when on duty; and the chaplains of the
permanent hospitals, appointed under the author-
ity of the second scction of the act approved May
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall
bo nominated to the Senate for its advice and con-
sent, and they shall, in all respects, fill the re-
quirements of the preceding section of this act rel-
ative to the appointment of chaplains in the Army
and volunteers, and the appointments of chaplains
to Army hospitals, heretofore made by the Pres-
ident, are hereby confirmed, and it is hereby made
the duty of each officer commanding a district or
post containing hospitals, oi a brigade of troops,
within thirty days .iftci the reception of the order
promulgating this act* to inquire into the fitness,
efficiency, and qualifications of the chaplains of
hospitals or regiments, and to muster out of service
such chaplains as were not appointed in conform-
ity with the requirements oftlnsact,and who have
not faithfully discharged the duties of chaplains
uiinno- the time they have been engaged as such.
Onaptains employed at the military posts called
" chaplains' posts" shall be required to reside at
the posts, and all chaplains in the United States
service shall be subject to such rules in relation to
leave of absence from duty as are prescribed for
commissioned officers of the United States Army
stationed at such posts.
Sec. 10. Andbeit further enacted, Thatsomuch
of the fifth section of the act approved July twenty-
second, eighteen hundredand sixty-one, as allows
forty cents per day for the use and risk of the
horses of company officers of cavalry, and the
tenth section of the aforesaid act, approved Au-
gust three, eighteen hundredand sixty-one, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. XI. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever an officer shall be put under arrest, except
at remote military posts or stations, it shall be the
duty of the officer by-whose orders he is arrested
to see that a copy of the charges on which he has
been arrested and is to be tried shall be served
upon him within eight days thereafter, and that
he shall be brought to trial within ten days there-
after, unless the necessities of the service prevent
such trial; and then he shall be brought to trial
within thirty days after the expiration of the said
ten days or the arrest shall cease: Provided, That
if the copy of the charges l*e not served upon the
arrested officer, as herein provided, the arrest shall
cease; but officers released from arrest under the
provisions of this section may be tried whenever
the exigencies of the service will permit, within
twelve months after such release from arrest: And
provided further, That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall apply; to all persons now under arrest
and awaiting trial. ,
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the name of any officer of the Army or ma-
rine corps, now in the service, or who may here-
after be in the service of the United States, shall,
have been borne on the Army register or Naval
register, as the case may be, forty-five years, or
he shall be of the age of sixty-two years, it shall
be in the discretion of the President to retire him
from active service and direct his name to be en-
tered on the retired list of officers of the grade to
which he belonged at the time of such retirement;
and the President is hereby authorized to assign
any officer retired under this section or the act of
August third, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to
any appropriate duty; and such officer thus as-
signed shall receive the full pay and emoluments
of his grade while so assigned and employed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, ITiatall con-
tracts made for, or orders given for the purchase
of, goods or supplies by any Department of the
Government shall be promptly reported to Con-
gress by the proper head of such department if
Congress shall at the time be in session, and if
not m session said reports shall be made at the
commencement of the next ensuing session.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That no con-
tract or order, or any interest therein, shall be
transferred by the party or parties to whom such
contract or order may be given to any other party
or parties, and that any such transfer shall cause
the annulment of the contract or order transferred,
so far as the United States are concerned: Pro-
vided, That all righ ts of actio n are he reb y reserved
to the United States for any breach of such contract
by the contracting party or parties.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That every
person who shall furnish supplies of any kind to
the Army or Navy shall be required to mark and
distinguish the same, with the name or names of
the contractors so furnishingsaid supplies in such
manner as the Secretary of War and the Secre-
tary of the Navy may respectively direct, and no
supplies of any kind shall be received unless so
marked and distinguished.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any contractor for subsistence, clothing,
arms, ammunition, munitions ofwar, and for every
description of supplies for the Army or Navy of
the United States, shall be found guilty by court-
martial of fraud or willful neglect of duty, he shall
bo punished by fine, imprisonment, or such other
punishment as the court-martial shall adjudge-
and any person who shall contract to furnish sup-
plies of any kind or description for the Army or
Navy he shall be deemed and taken as a part of
Ifei "u,"1 forces of the States, for
which he shall contract to furnish said supplies,
and be subject to the rules and regulations for the
government of the land and naval forces of the
United States.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and hereby is, au-
thorized and requested to dismiss and discharge
from the military service either in the Aimy,
Navy, marine corps, or volunteer force, in the
United States service, any officer for any cause
which, in his judgment, either renders such offi-
cer unsuitable for, or whose dismission would pro-
mote, the public service.
Sec. 18. Andbeit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States shall have power when-
ever in his opinion it shall be expedient, to pur-
chase cemetery grounds, and causa them to be
securely inclosed, to be used as a national ceme-
tery for the soldiers who shall die in the service
of the country.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the act approved the fifth of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, entitled " An act supple-
mentary to an act entitled 'An act to increase
the present military establishment of the United
States," approved the twenty-ninth of July, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, as authorizes the ap-
pointment of additional aides-de-camp, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed. But this repeal shall
not be construed so as to deprive those persons
already appointed, in strict conformity with said
act of the fifth of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, from holding their offices in the same
manner as if it had not been repealed.
Sec. 20. Andbe it further enacted, That the dif-
ferent regiments and independent companies here-
tofore mustered into the service of the United
States as volunteer engineers, pioneers, or sappers
and miners, under the orders of the President or
Secretary of War, or by authority of the com-
manding general of any military department of
the United States, or which, having been mustered
into the service as infantry, shall have been re-
organized and employed as engineers, pioneers,
or sappers and miners, shall be, and the same are
hereby, recognized and accepted as volunteer en-
gineers, on the same footing, in all respects, in
regard to theirorganization,pay,andemolumeiits
as the corps of engineers of the regular Army of
the United States, and they shall be paid for their
services, already performed, as is now provided
by law for the payment of officers and non-com-
missioned officers and privates of the engineer
corps of the regular Army.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That any
alien,of theageof twenty-oneyearsand upwards,
who has enlisted or shall enlist in the armies of
the United States, either the regular or the volun-
teer forces, and has been or shall be hereafter hon-
orably discharged, may be admitted to become a
citizen of the United States, upon his petition,
without any previous declaration of his intention
to become a citizen of the United States, and that
he shall not be required to prove more than one
year's residence within the United States previous
to his application to become such citizen; and that
the court admitting such alien shall, in addition
to such proof of residence and good moral char-
acter as is now provided by law, be satisfied by
competent proof of such person having been hon-
orably discharged from the service of the United
States as aforesaid.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be added to the Adjutant General's depart-
ment,by regular promotion ofits present officers,
one colonel, two lieutenantcolonels, and nine ma-
jors; and that the grade of captain in said depart-
ment shall thereafter be abolished, and all vacan-
cies occurring in the grade ofmajor shall be filled
by selection from among the captains of the Army.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
Chap. CCI.—An Act to amend the Act calling
forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the
Union, suppress Insurrections,and repel Inva-
sions, approved February twenty-eight, sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five, and the Acts
amendatory thereof, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Xjnited Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever the President of the
United States shall call forth the militia of the
