912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22.
place here to-da^, that they be permitted to occupy
those rooms.
The SPEAKER. It was left to the Presiding
Officers of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives to determine the order of ceremonies, and it
will not be known howmuch room will bo required
until the arrival of the procession from the Senate.
Mr. HORTON. 1 object. [Cries from the
galleries, "Speech!" "Speech!"]
' The SPEAKER. The galleries must preserve
order or they will be cleaied.
Mr. FEN TON. I move that the House take a
recess until fifteen minutes to one o'clock, p.m.
[Cries of "Object!" "Object!"]
Mr. FENTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Ordered, That the Clerk inform the Senate that the House
of Kepiescntatives is now ready to receive that body, in
order that the Farewell Address ofGeorgo Washington to the
people of the United States may be read m the presence of
the two Houses of Congress assembled, pursuant to the con-
current resolution ol'the Senate and House of Representa-
tives.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also move that we take a
recess until fifteen minutes before one o'clock, p.
m., and that this notice be sent to the Senate at
that time.
PRESENTATION OF REBEL FLAGS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, byjoiut
resolution of the two- Houses, I suppose we have
prescribed the proceedings of this day. I see, in
a publication made on the subject, that there has
been added the presentation of Hags. 1 do not
think that such flags should be presented on this
occasion. I move, therefore, that that part of the
proceedings be omitted.
The House was divided on the motion; and
there were—ayes fifty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
This has been ordered by the War Department;
and, according to the gentleman, we have no right
to oppose anything done by military men. The
War-Department has ordered the presentation of
these flags.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to know how these
flags a re to be presented to us, if we will not re-
ceive them. 1 do not want to magnify those rebel
tings in this way, and 1 hope that Congress will
respectfully dcclinc to rceeive them in this public
manner.
Mr. CAMPBELL. These are the trophies
which have been won by our brave officers and
soldiers upon hotly contested battle-fields. I would
magnify the deeds of our officers and soldiers,and
not the Hugs. Those /lags represent the blood and
struggle of those brave men, and I hope, in that
view, they will be received, and treated with re-
spect. [Laughter.]
Mr. CIUTTENDEN. Has not the question
been decided?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. 1 have demanded the yeas
and nayy.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois yield to me?
Mr. LO VEJOY. Certainly.
Mr. R03C0E CONKLING. I submit to the
House that these flags are not trophies to be treated
with respect or with consideration by the Govern-
ment of the United States. 1 submit that they are
the badges, tiie tokens, carried by armed rebels—
men red-handed with the murder of the citizens of
this* country—men who arc entitled to no flag, who
possess no flag—men whom we ought not to rec-
ognize as parties to be treated with or considered
here at all.
Now, sir, if there was a riot in this city, a riot
of formidable dimensions, and the municipal au-
thorities had at last succeeded in quelling it, and
the proposition should be made that the municipal
council should assemble, and that there should be
a public presentation of the banners and trans-
parencies, or the badges which had been carried
through the streets by the rioters, would anybody
suppose that .such t\ proposition was in haimony
either with self-respect or public decency; and if
not, why should we accept the presentation of a
flag—not a piece of bunting simply, but a flag
which means more than that, commgfrom a peo-
ple who have no flag and who have no existence,
national or otherwise; but who are simply rebels.
Now, sir, I hope there will be no hesitation in
dispensing with a public presentation of these
rebel flags, for that is no part of the resolution
which we have adopted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 desire to say a word.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Let me finish
my remarks. I want to-make only a single re-
mark in addition, which I am sure the gentleman
will hear. *
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will yield to the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will go as far
as any gentleman in this House, orwithout it, in
my respect and admiration, and in attesting them
for the men who have left their homes to sustain
upon distant battle-fields the existence of their
Government; but I would like to do it consistent
with self-respect and public propriety.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think the gentleman from
New York misunderstood my remarks. 1 intended
to say distinctly that our soldiers who sent these
trophies from distant battle-fields were to be treated
with respect by giving those trophies a proper re-
ception; not, however, that those trophies them-
selves were entitled to any respect anywhere.
That is the point that I made; and I hope I am
now understood.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The law of the land requires,
as I understand it, that all flags taken in battle
shall be presented by the officers of the Govern-
ment, and placed at the disposal of Congress. The
question now is, whether we will execute that
law or not. I do not think we respect the rebels
by the action which is proposed. To suppose
that by receiving these rebel flags we pay respect
to the rebels themselves is the most preposterous
idea that could enter the human brain. I am will-
ing to receive, as a member of Congress or an in-
dividual, every flag taken in battle—the more the
better. They are the evidences of the power of
this Government to suppress this southern rebel-
lion. I now withdraw my call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. EDWARDS. This proposition is not a
very grave one upon its face, but it maybe in the
considerations which surround it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds with his remarks, I want the Clerk to read
the law on the subject of captured flags.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 3. That the Secrctaiies of llie War and Navy Depart-
ments be, and they aie hereby, ducctcd to cause to be col-
lected and tianxmitted to them, at the seat of the Govern-
ment of the United States, all such flags., standard?, and
coloi^ as .shrill have been or may heieafter be taken by the
Army and Navy of the United States Irom their enemies.
"4. That all the flag-*, standard-?, and colors of the de-
scription aforesaid, which are now in the possession ofthe
"Departments afoiesatd,and such as maybe hereaftertians-
mitted to them, be, with nil convenient dispatch, delivered
to the President of the United States, for the purpose of
beinjr, under his direction, preserved and displayed m such
public place as he shall deem pioper."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the date of that
law ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The 18th of April, 1814.
Mr. EDWARDS. The House has decided this
presentation should take place. [Cries of " No!"
"No!"]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. It is no part of
the resolution of either House.
Mr. EDWARDS. If that is so, then it has been
assumed by the authorities that it is proper that
the presentation should take place on this occasion
under the law. It seems that some members of the
House differ in opinion from those authorities, and
it is now to be determined what is the will of the
House in the matter. As an individual, I am in
favor of cai rying out the original programme, and
for the reception of these flags taken from armed
rebels by our brave officers and soldiers. I am in
favor of it because I think they should be pre-
served as is required by the law of the land which
I we have just heard read; or if not strictly within
the- law, yet as clearly within its spirit and object.
The gentleman from New York inquired whether
if a riot should take place in this city, the banner
under which the rioters should act should be hon-
ored and leeeived.
Mr. POTTER. I lise to a question of order.
It is not in order for the gentleman to turn his back
upon the Chair in speaking.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I think it would be less in
order to turn my back on the ladies in (he House.
[Renewed laughter.]
Now, sir, I say, if any gentleman wishes to
draw any analogy between a riot in this city and
half a nation in arms, he argues from premises
which have but little influence with me.
Sir, we have witnessed within the last three
weeks the most desperate exhibition of courage
and military skill that has ever been manifested
in any part of the world. To our Navy on the
coast and to the gallant soldiers of the West we
are indebted for that which has changed the gloom
and despondency which rested over this House a
fortnight since into cheerfulness and rejoicing.
Those flags have been wrested from an enemy by
our gallant sailors and soldiers; and as a tribute
of admiration, I would now [disturbance in
the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say to
the galleries that this is a deliberative body, and
that under the rules of the House, it is his duty
to preserve order. He is sure that on this day,
it will only be necessary to make an appeal to
gentlemen in the galleries to preserve that order
which is becoming the place and the occasion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think the galleries have
behaved better than we have. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I admit, Mr. Speaker, that
they have behaved better than some gentlemen
who interrupt the speaker on the floor. [Laugh-
ter.] I say, then, sir, as a recognition of the gal-
lant services of those soldiers, I would accept the
trophies they have wrested from the hands of the
enemy.
I would do it for another reason: I would hand
down to " the deep damnation of all future time,"
every memento of this rebellion, and every flag
that has been wrested and every flag that can be
wrested from those in arms against the Govern-
ment I would have treasured up as if they were
sacred relics, in some depository in this Capitol,
so that all who shall come hereafter may know
that we were able to suppress the greatest lebel-
lion the world has ever known.
I hope, sir, this ceremony will be permitted to
proceed, and that these flags*will be preserved for
the double object I have mentioned.
Mr. WASHRURNE demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; but subsequently withdrew it.
Mr. SEDGWICK demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will it be in order to inquire
oftheSpeaker,as one of the committee of arrange-
ments, whether an arrangement has been made
upon the part of the Secretary of War for the
presentation? [Cries of "Call the roll!" "Call
the roll!"]
Mr. COX. I wish to make an inqu'iry in ref-
erence to these flags. It is this: is it a part of the
exercises as fixed by the House, that these flags
shall be received ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say, with
the permission of the House, that so far as the
Vice President and the Speaker are concerned,
they have had nothing to do with this matter;
that the Secretaries of War and of the Navy ar-
ranged this upon their own motion.
Mr. COX. Has not the House passed an order
to adjourn as soon as the address is read. [t( Ob-
ject 1" " Object!"]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Before the roll is called, I
ask to be excused from voting upon that resolu-
tion; and upon that I ask the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
after the main question is ordered to be put, a
motion to be excused from voting is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move that
there be a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—j'eas G9, nays 62; as follows:
YE-\S—Messrs. Alley, Beamati. Jacob B. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Gooieje II. Btowne, Butnnton, fJuinham, Clem-
ents, Fiedenek A. Conklitijr, Uoseoe Conklmg, Coming,
Covode, Cox, Ciavens, ('rmcmlen, Cmlor, Dawes, Dela-
plauic, Diven, Dunkip, Ed«?eiton. English, Hardin?, Harri-
son, Hooper, Horton, Hutcluns, Johnson, Julian, William
Kellogg, Lansing, Law, Lehman, McKnight, IVIuIlory.
Maynnrd, Monzio*. Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon,
