1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Laws of the United States.
37th Con®....2d
States, to be employed in the service of the Uni-
ted States, he may specify in his call the period
for which such service will be required, not ex-
ceeding nine months; and the militia so called
shall be mustered in and continue to serve for and
during the term so specified, unless sooner dis-
charged by command of the President. If by rea-
son of defects in existing laws, or in the execution
of them, in the several States, or any of them, it
shall be found necessary to provide for enrolling
the militia and otherwise putting this act into ex-
ecution, the President is authorized in such cases
to make all necessary rules and regulations; and
the enrollment of the militia shall in all cases in-
clude all able-bodied male citizens between the
ages of eighteen and forty-five, and shall be ap-
portioned among the States according to repre-
sentative population.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the mili-
tia, when so called into service, shall be organ-
ized in the mode prescribed by law for volunteers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized, in addition
to the volunteer forces which he is now author-
ized by law to raise, to accept the services of any
number of volunteers, not exceeding one hundred
thousand, as infantry, for a period of nine months,
unless sooner discharged. And every soldier who
shall enlist under the provisions of this section
shall receive his first month'spay, and also twen-
ty-five dollars as bounty, upon the mustering of
his company or regiment into the service of the
United States. And all provisions of law relating
to volunteers enlisted in the service of the United
States for three years, or during the war, except
in relation to bounty, shall be, and the same are,
extended to, and are hereby declared to embrace,
the volunteers to be raised under the provisions
of this section.
Sec 4. And be it farther enacted, That, for the
purpose of filling up the regiments of infantry now
in the United States service, the President be, and
he hereby is, authorized to accept the services of
volunteers in such numbers as may be presented
for that purpose, for twelve months, if not sooner
discharged. And such volunteers, when mustered
into the service, shall be in all respects upon a
footing with similar troops in the United States
service, except as to service bounty, which shall
be fifty dollars, one half of which to be paid upon
their joining their regiments, and the other half at
the expiration of their enlistment.
Sec.5. Andbe it further enacted. That the Pres-
ident shall appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a judge advocate general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel
of cavalry, to whose office shall be returned, for
revision, the records and proceedingsof all courts-1
martial and military commissions, and where a|
record shall be kept of all proceedings had there-!
upon. And no sentence of death, or imprison!
ment in the penitentiary, shall be carried into ex-|
ecution until the same shall have been approved*
by the President.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there may
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, for each army
in the field, a judge advocate, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments, each, of a major of cavalry, who
shall perform the* duties ofjudge advocate for the
army to which they respectively belong, under
the direction of the judge advocate general.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
all offenders in the Army charged with offenses
now punishable by a regimental orgarrison court-
martial, shall be brought before a field officcrofhis
regiment, who shall be detailed for that purpose,
and who shall hear and determine the offense, and
order the punishment that shall be inflicted; and
shall also make a record of his proceedings, and
submit the same to the brigade commander, who,
upon the approval of the proceedings of such field
officer, shall order the same to be executed: Pro-
vided, That the punishment in such cases be lim-
ited to that authorized to be inflicted by a regi-
mental or garrison court-martial: And provided,
further, That, in the event of their being no bri-
gade commander, the proceedings as aforesaid
shall be submitted for approval to the command-
ing officer of the post.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all offi-
cers who have been mustered into the service of
the United States as battalion adjutants and quar-
termasters of cavalry under the orders of the War
Department, exceeding the number authorized by
law, shall be paid as such for the time they wore
actually employed in the service of the United
States, and that all such officers now in service,
exceeding the number as aforesaid, shall be im-
mediately mustered out of the service of the Uni-
ted States.
Sec,9. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to establish
and organize army corps according to his discre-
tion.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That each
Army corps shall have the following officers and
no more attached thereto, who shall constitute the
staff of the commander thereof: qne assistant ad-
jutantgeneral, one quartermaster, one commissary
of subsistence, ana one assistant inspector gen-
eral, who shall bear, respectively, the rank of
lieutenant colonel, and who shall be assigned from
the Army or volunteer force by the President.
Also three aides-de-camp, one to bear the rank of
major, and two to bear the rank of captain, to be
appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, upon the recom-
mendation of the commander of the Army corps.
The senior officer of artillery in each Army corps
shall, in addition to his other duties, act as chief
of artillery and ordnance at the headquarters of
the corps.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the cav-
alry forces in the service of the United States shall
hereafter be ^organized as follows: each regiment
of cavalry shall have one colonel, one lieutenant
colonel, three majors, one surgeon, one assistant
surgeon,one regimental adjutant, one regimental
quartermaster, one regimental commissary, one
sergeant major, one quartermaster serge[a]nt, one
commissary serge(a]nt, two hospital stewards,
one saddler sergeant, one chief trumpeter, and one
chief farrier or blacksmith, and each regiment
shall consist of twelve companies or troops, and
each company or troop shall have one captain,
one first lieutenant, one second lieutenant, and
one supernumerary second lieutenant, one first
sergeant, one quartermaster sergeant, one com-
missary sergeant, five serge[a]nts, eight corporals,
two teamsters, two farriers or blacksmiths, one
saddler, one wagoner, and seventy-eight privates;
the regimental adjutants, the regimental quartei-
masters, and regimental commissaries to be taken
from their respective regiments: Provided, That
vacancies caused by this organization shall not be
considered as original, but shall be filled by reg-
Jjtlar promotion.
Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to receive
into the service of the United States, for the pur-
pose of constructing intrenchments, or perform-
ing camp service, or any other labor, or any mil-
itary or naval service for which they maybe found
competent, persons of African descent, and such
persons shall be enrolled and organized under such
regulations, not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws, as the President may prescribe.
"Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That when
any man or boy of African descent, who by the
laws of any State shall owe service or labor to
any person who, during the present rebellion, has
levied war or has borne arms against the United
States, or adhered to their enemies by giving them
aid and comfort, shall render any such service as
is provided for in this act, he, his mother and his
wife and children, shall forever thereafter be free,
any law, usage, or custom whatsoevei to the con-
trary notwithstanding: Provided, That the mother,
wife and children of such man or boy of African
descent shall not be made free by the operation
of this act except where such mother, wife or chil-
dren owe service or labor to some person who,
duting the present rebellion, has borne arms
against the United States or adhered to their ene-
mies by giving them aid and comfort.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the ex-
penses incurred to carry this act into effect shall
be paid out of the general appropriation for the
Army and volunteers.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, Thatall per-
sons who have been or shall be hereafter enrolled
in the service of the United States under this act
shall leceive the pay and rations now allowed
by law to soldiers, according to their respective
grades: Provided, Thatpersonsof African descent,
who under this law shall be employed, shall re-
ceive ten dollars per month and one ration, three
dollars of which monthly pay may bo in clothing.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That medical
purveyors and storekeepers shall give bonds in
such sums as the Secretary of War may require
with security to be approved by him.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
Chap. CCII.—An Act to allow and pay to the
State of Missouri the amount of Money ex-
pended by said State in thearming and paying
of Troops employed in the Suppression of In-
surrection against the laws of the United States.
JBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America ta Congress
assembled, That the State of Missouri shall be en-
titled to a creditagainst the direct tax apportioned
to said State by the "Act to provide increased
revenue from imports, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes," approved Au-
gust fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, for all
sums of money expended by said State in the
arming, equipping, subsisting and paying of troops
organized under the ordinances of the convention
of said State, passed during the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, and employed in concert with
the Federal authorities in suppressing insurrec-
tion against the United States, and enforcing the
laws thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, for the
purpose of ascertaining the amount due to said
State for moneys so expended, the Secretary of
War shall, immediately after the passage of this
act, by commission or otherwise, cause the ac-
counts to be examined, and a report made to him
of the amount due, which being approved by the
Secretary of War, and by him certified to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the amount thereof shall
be allowed to said State, and deducted from the
amount apportioned thereto by the aforesaid act,
and the remainder only, if any, shall be collected
as therein prescribed: Provided, That, in the ad-
justment of accounts under this act, no greater
rate of compensation shall be allowed than was
provided for by the laws of the United States ap-
plicable to the arming, equipping, subsisting, and
payment of volunteers, in force at the time of the
enrollment of such troops of Missouri.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if said
State shall assume and pay into the Treasury the
balance of said direct tax, if any, atsuch time as
may be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
or should said expenditures be found to be equal
to the tax, the deduction or discount of fifteen per
centum, as prescribed in the fifty-third section of
the said recitcd act, shall be allowed on the whole
amount thus apportioned.
Approved, July 17,1862.
Chap. CCIII.—An Act to suspend temporarily
the operation of an act entitled " An act to pre-
vent and punish Fraud on the part of Officers
intrusted with making of Contracts for the Gov-
ernment," approved June two, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the operation of the act entitled
" An act to prevent and punish frauds on the part
of officers intrusted with making of contracts for
the Government," approved June two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, be,and the same is here-
by, suspended until the firsiMonday of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-thiec.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
Chap. CCIV.—An Art for the better Government
of the Navy of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and, House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That, from and alter the first day of
September next, the following articles be adopted,
and put in force for the government of the Navy
of the United States:
Article 1. The commanders of all fleets,
squadrons, naval stations, and vessels belonging
to the Navy, are strictly enjoined and required to
show in themselves a good example of virtue,
