1862.
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
015
all." The very idea of the power and the right of
the people to establish Government presupposes
the duty of every individual to obey the estab-
lished Government.
All obstructions to the execution of the laws,
all combinations and associations, under what-
ever plausible character, with the real design to
direct, control, counteract, or awe the regular de-
liberation and action of the constituted authori-
ties, arc destructive of this fundamental principle,
and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize
faction, to give it an artificial and extraordinary
force, to put in the place of the delegated will of
the nation, the will of a party, often a small but
artful and enterprising minority of the commu-
nity; and, according to the alternate triumphs of
different parties, to make the publicadministration
the mirror of the ill-concerted and incongruous
projects of faction, rather than the organ of con-
sistent and wholesome plans, digested by com-
mon councils, and modified by mutual interests.
However combinations or associations of the
above description may now and then answer pop-
ular ends, they are likely, in the course of time
and things, to become potent engines, by which
cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be
enabled to subvert the power of the people, and
to usurp for themselves the reins of Government;
destroying, afterwards, the very engines which
had lilted them to unjust dominion.
Towards the preservation of yourGovernment
and the permanency of your present happy state,
it is requisite, not only that you steadily discoun-
tenance irregularoppositions to its acknowledged
authority, but also that you resist with care the
spirit of innovation upon its principles, however
specious the pretexts. One method of assault may
be to effect in the forms of the Constitution alter-
ations which impair the energy of the system, and
thus to undermine what cannot be directly over-
thrown. In all the changes to which you maybe
invited, remember that time and habit are at least
as necessary to fix the true character of Govern-
ments as of other human institutions; that expe-
rience is the surest standard by which to test the
real tendency of the existing constitution of a
country; that facility in changes, upon the credit
of mere hypothesis and opinion, exposes to per-
petual change from the endless variety of hypoth-
esis and opinion; and remember, especially, that
for the efficient managementof your common in-
terests, in a country so extensive as ours, a Gov-
ernment of as much vigor as is consistent with the
perfect security of liberty, is indispensable. Lib-
erty itself will find in such a Government, with
powers properly distributed and adjusted, its
surest guardian. It is, indeed, little else than a
name where the Government is too feeble to with-
stand the enterprises of faction, to confine each
member of the society within the limits prescribed
by the laws, and to maintain all in the secure and
tranquil enjoyments of the rights of person and
property.
I have already intimated to you the danger of
parties in the State, with particular reference to
the founding of them on geographical discrimin-
ations. Let me now take a more comprehensive
view, and warn you, in the most solemn manner,
against the baneful effects of the spirit of party
generally.
The spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from
our nature, having its root in the strongest pas-
sions of the human mind. It exists under differ-
ent shapes, in all Governments, more or less
stifled, controlled, or repressed; but in those of the
popular form, it is seen in its greatest rankness,
and is truly their worst enemy
The alternate domination of one faction over
another,sharpened by thespiritof revenge,natural
to party dissension, which, in different ages and
countries, has perpetrated the most horrid enor-
mities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this
leads at length to a more formal and permanent
despotism. The disorders and miseries which
result gradually incline the minds of men to seek
security *and repose in the absolute power of an
individual, and, sooner or later, the chief of some
prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate
than his competitors, turns this disposition to the
purposes of his own elevation on the rums of
public liberty.
Without looking forward to an extremity of this
kind, (which, nevertheless, ought not to be en-
tirely out«of sight,) the common and continual
mischiefs of the spirit of party are sufficient to
make it the interest and duty of a wise people to
discourage and restrain it.
It serves always to distract the public councils,
and enfeeble the public administration. It agitates
the community with ill-founded jealousies and
false alarms; kindles the animosity of one part
against another; foments, occasionally, riot and
insurrection. It opens the door to foreign influ-
ence and corruption, which find a facilitated access
to the Government itself, through the channels of
party passions. Thus the policy and the will of
one country are subjected to the policy and will
of another.
There is an opinion that parties, in free coun-
tries, are useful checks upon the administration
of the Government, and serve to keep alive the
spirit of liberty. This, within certain limits, is
probably true; and in Governments of a monarch-
ical cast, patriotism may iook with indulgence, if
not with favor, upon the spirit of party. But in
those of the popular character, in Governments
purely elective, it is a spirit not to be encouraged.
From their natural tendency, it is certain there will
always be enough of that spirit for every salutary
purpose. And there being constant danger of
excess, the effort ought to be, by force of public
opinion, to mitigate and assuage it. A fire not to
be quenched, it demands a uniform vigilance to
prevent its bursting into a flame, lest, instead of
warming, it should consume.
It is important, likewise, that the habits of think-
ing, in a free country, should inspire caution m
those intrusted with its administration, to confine
themselves within their respective constitutional
spheres, avoiding, in the exercise of the powers of
one department, to encroach upon another. The
spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the
powers of all the departments in one, and thus to
create, whatever the form of Government, a real
despotism. A just estimate of that love of power,
and proneness to abuse it, which predominates in
the human heart, is sufficient to satisfy us of the
truth of this position. The necessity of recipro-
cal checks in the exercise of "political power, by
dividing and distributing it into different deposit-
ories, and constituting each the guardian of the
public weal, against invasions by the others, has
been cvinccd by experiments ancient and modern:
some of them in our own country, and under our
own eyes. To pieserve them must be as neces-
sary as to institute them. If, in the opinion of the
people, the distribution or modification of the con-
stitutional powers be, in any particular, wrong,
let it be corrected by an amendment in the way
which the Constitution designates. But let there
be no change by usurpation; for though this, in
one instance, may be the instrument of good, it is
the customary weapon by which free Governments #
are destroyed. The precedentmustalwaysgreatly
overbalance, in permanent evil, any partial or
transient, benefit which the use can, at any time,
yield.
Of ail the dispositions and habits which lead to
political prosperity, religion and morality are in-
dispensable supports. In vain would that man
claim the tribute of patriotism, who should labor
to subvert these great pillars of human happiness,
these firmest props of the duties of men and citi-
zens. The mere politician, equallyVith the pious
man, ought to respect and cherish them. A vol-
ume could not trace all their connections with
private and public felicity. Let it simply be asked,
where is the security for property, for reputation,
for life, if the sense of religious obligation desert
the oaths, which are the instruments of investi-
gation in couits of justice? And let us with cau-
tion indulge the supposition, that morality can be
maintained without religion. Whatever may be
conceded to the influence of vefincd education on
minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience
both forbid us to expect that national morality can
prevail in exclusion of religious principles.
It is substantially true, that virtue or morality
is a necessary spring of popular government. The
rule indeed extends, with more or less force, to
every species of free government. Who,jthatis
asmceie fnend to it, can look with indifference
upon attempts to sha-ke the foundation of the
fabric?
Promote, then, as an object of primary import-
ance, institutions for the general diffusion of
knowledge. In proportion as the structure of a
Government gives force to public opinion, it is
essential that public opinion should be enlight-
ened.
As a very important source of strength and
security, cherish public credit. One method of
preserving it is to use it as sparingly as possible:,
avoiding occasions of expense by cultivatingpeace,
but remembering also that timely disbursements
to prepare for danger, frequently prevent much
greater disbursements to repel it; avoiding, like-,
wise, the accumulation of debt, not only by shun-
ning occasions of expense, but by vigorous ex-
ertions in time of peace, to discharge the debts,
which unavoidable wars may have occasioned,
not ungenerously throwing upon posterity the
burden which we ourselves ought to bear. The
execution of these maxims belongs to your repre-
sentatives, but it is necessary that public opinion
should cooperate. To facilitate to them the per-
formance of their duty, it is essential that you
should practically bear in mind that, towards the
payment of debts there must be revenue; that to
have revenue there must be taxes; that no taxes
can be devised which are not more or less incon-
venient and unpleasant; that the intrinsic embar-
rassment, inseparable from the selection of the
proper objects, (\$hich is always a choice of diffi-
culties,) ought to be a decisive motive for a candid
construction of the conduct of the Government in
making it, and for a spirit of acquiesccnce in the
measures for obtaining revenue which the public
exigencies may at any time dictate.
Observe good faith and justice towards all na-
tions; cultivate peace and harmony with all; reli-
gion and morality enjoin this conduct; and can it
be that good policy does not equally enjoin it? It
will be worthy of a free, enlightened, and, at no
distant period, a great nation, to give to mankind
the magnanimous and too novel example of a peo-
ple always guided by an exalted justice and be-
nevolence. Who can doubt but, in the course of
time and things, the fruits of such a plan would
richly repay any temporary advantages which
might be lost by a steady adherence to it? Can
it be that Providence has not connected the per-
manent felicity of a nation with its virtue? The
experiment, at least, is recommended by every
sentiment which ennobles human nature. Alas!
is it rendered impossible by its vices?
In the execution of such a plan nothing is more
essential than that permanent inveterate antipa-
thies against particular nations, and passionate
attachments for others, should be excluded; and
that, in place of them, just and amicable feelings
towards all should be cultivated. The nation
which indulges towards another an habitual ha-
tred, or an habitual fondness, is, m some degree,a
slave. It-is a slave to its animosity or to itsaffec-
tion, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray
from its duty and its interest. Antipathy in one
nation against another, disposes each more read-
ily to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of flight
causes of umbrage, and to be haughty and intract-
able, when occidental or trifling occasions of dis-
pute occur. Hence frequent collisions, obstinate,
envenomed, and bloody contests. The nation,
prompted by ill-will and resentment, sometimes
impels to war the Government, contrary to the
best calculations of policy. The Government
sometimes participates in the national propensity,
and adopts, through passion, what reason would
reject; at other times it makes the animosity of
the nation subservient to projects of hostility in-
stigated by pride, ambition, and other sinister and
pernicious motives. The peace often, sometimes
perhaps the liberty, ofnations has been'the victim.
So, likewise, a passionate attachment of one
nation to another produces a variety of evils.
Sympathy for the favorite nation, facilitating the
illusion of an imaginary common interest, incases
where no real common interest exists, and infus-
ing into one the enmities of the other, betrays
the former into a participation in the quarrels and
wars of the latter, without adequate inducement
or justification. It leads also to concessions to
the favorite nation of privileges denied to others,
which is apt doubly to injure the nation making
the concessions; by unnecessarily parting with
what ought to have been retained, and by excit-
ing jealousy, ill-will, and a disposition to retali-
ate, m the parties from whom ecpjal privileges are
withheld; and it gives to ambitious, corrupted, or
deluded citizens (who devote themselves to the
favorite nation) facility to betray, or sacrifice the
interest of their own country, without odium,
