916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
sometimes even with popularity; gilding with the
appearances of a virtuous sense of obligation, a
commendable deference for public opinion, or a
laudable zeal for public good, the base or foolish
compliances of ambition, corruption, or infatua-
tion.
As avenues to foreign influence in innumerable
ways, sucli attachments are particularly alarming
to \he truly enlightened and independent patriot.
Howmany opportunities do they afford to tamper
with domestic factions, to practice the art of se-
duction, to mislead public opinion, to influence or
awe the public councils! Such an attachment of
a small or weak, towards a great and poweifui
nation, dooms the former to be the satellite of the
latter.
Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence
(1 conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens,) the
jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly
awake; since history and experience prove that
foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes
of republican government. But that jealousy, to
be useful, must be impartial; else it becomes the
instrument of the very influence to be avoided,
instead of a defense against it^ Excessive par-
tiality for one foreign nation, and excessive dis-
like for another, cause those whom they actuate
to see danger only on one side, and serve to vail
and even second the arts of influence on the other.
Real patriots, who may resist the intriguts of the
favorite, are liable to become suspected and odi-
ous; while its tools and dupes usurp the applause
and confidence of the people, to surrender their
interests.
The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to
foreign nations, is, in extending our commercial
relations, to have with them as little political con-
nection as possible. So far as we have already
formed engagements, let them be fulfilled with
perfect good faith. Hcie let us stop.
Europe has a set of primary interests, which to
us have none, or a very remote relation. Hence
she must be engaged in frequent controversies,
the causes of which are essentially foreign to our
concerns. Hence, therefore, it must be unwise m
Us to implicate ourselves, by artificial tics, in the
ordinary vicissitudes of her politics, or the ordi-
nary combinations and collisions of her friend-
ships or enmities.
Our detached and distant situation invites and
enables us to pursue u different course. If we
remain one people, under an efficient Government,
the period is not far off when wo may defy ma-
terial injury from external annoyance; when we
may take such an attitude as will cause the neu-
trality we may at any time resolve upon, to be
scrupulously respected; when belligerent nations,
under the impossibility of making acquisitions
upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us
provocation, when we may choose peace or war,
as otir interest, guided by justice, shall counsel.
Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a
situation? Why quit our own to stand upon for-
eign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny
with that of any part of Europe, entangle our
peace and prosperity in the toils of European
ambition, rivalship, interest, humor, or caprice?
It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent
alliances with any portion of the foreign world;
so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it;
for lot me not be understood as capable of patron-
izing infidelity to existing engagements. I hold
the maxim no less applicable to public than to
piivate affairs, that honesty is always the best
policy. I repeat it, therefore, let those engage-
ments be observed in their genuine sense. But,
in my opinion, it is unnecessary and would be
unwise to extend them.
Taking care always to keep ourselves, by suit-
able establishments, on a respectable defensive
posture, we may safely trust to temporary alli-
ances for extraordinary emergencies.
Harmony, and a liberal intercourse with all
nations, are recommended by policy, humanity,
and interest. But even our commercial policy
should hold an equal and impartial hand; neither
seeking nor granting exclusive favors or prefer-
ences; consulting the natural course of things;
diffusing and diversifying, by gentle means, the
streums of commerce, but forcing nothing; estab-
lishing, with Powers so disposed, in order to give
trade a stable course, to define the rights of our
merchants, and to enable the Government to sup-
port them, conventional rules of intercourse, the
best that present circumstances and mutual opin-
ions will permit, but temporary, and liable to be,
from time to time, abandoned or varied, as experi-
ence and circumstances shall dictate; constantly
keeping in view, that it is folly in one nation to
look for disinterested favors from another; that it
must pay with a portion of its independence for
whatever it may accept under that character; that
by such acceptance, it may place itself in the con-
dition of having equivalents for nominal favors,
and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for
not giving more. There can be no greater error
than to expect, or calculate upon real favors from
nation to nation. It is an illusion, which experi-
ence must cure, which a just pride ought to dis-
card.
in offering to you, my countrymen, these coun-
sels of an old and affectionate friend, I dare not
hope they will make the strong and lasting im-
pression 1 could wish; that they will control the
usual current of the passions, or prevent our na-
tion from running the course which has hitherto
marked the destiny of nations; but if I may even
fluttermysclf thatthcy may be productive of some
partial benefit, some occasional good; that they
may now and then recur to moderate the fury of
party spirit, to warn against the mischiefs of for-
eign intrigues, to guard against the impostures
of pretended patriotism, this hope will be a full
recompense for the solicitude for your welfare by
which they have been dictated.
How far, in the discharge of my official duties,
I have been guided by the principles which have
been delineated, the public records and othef evi-
dences of my conduct must witness to you and
the world. To myself the assurance of my own
conscience is, that I have at least believed myself
to be guided by them.
In relation to the still subsisting war in Europe,
my proclamation of the 22d of April, 1703, is the
index to my plan. Sanctioned by your approving
voice, and by that of your representatives^ both
Houses of Congress, the spirit of that measure
has continually governed me, uninfluenced by any
attempts to deter or divert mo from it.
After deliberate examination, with the aid of the
best lights 1 could obtain, I was well satisfied that
our country, under all the circumstances of the
case, had a right to take, and was bound in duty
and interest to take, a neutral position. Having
taken it, I determined, as far as should depend
upon me, to maintain if. with modeiation, perse-
verance, and firmness.
The considerations which respect the right to
hold (his conduct it is not necessary on*this occa-
sion to detail. I will only observe that, according
to my understanding of the matter, that right, so
far from being denied by any of the belligerent
Powers, has been virtually admitted by all.
The duty of holding a neutral conduct may be
inferred, without anything more, from the obliga-
tion which justice and humanity impose on every
nation, in cases in which it is free to act, to main-
tain inviolate the relations of peace and amity
towards other nations.
The inducements of interest for observing that
conduct will best be referred to your own reflec-
tions and experience. With me, a predominant
motive has been to endeavor to gain time to our
country to settle and mature its yet recent insti-
tutions, and to progress, without interruption, to
that degree of strength and consistency which is
necessary to give it, humanly speaking, the com-
mand of its own fortunes.
Though in reviewing the incidents of my admin-
istration I am unconscious of intentional error, I
am, nevertheless, too sensible of my defects not
to think it probable that 1 may have committed
many errors. Whatever they may be, 1 fervently
beseech the Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils
to which they may tend. I shall also carry with
me the hope that my country will never cease to
view them with indulgence; and that, after forty-
five years of my life dedicated to its service, with
an upright zeal, the faults of incompetent abilities
will be consigned to oblivion, as myself must soon
be to the mansions of rest.
Relying on its kindness in this as in other things,
and actuated by that fervent love towards it which
is so natural to a man who views in it the native
soil of himself and his progenitors for several gen-
erations, I anticipate with pleasing expectation
that retreat in which I promise myself to realize,
without alloy, the sweet enjoyment of partaking,
in the midst of my fellow-citizens, the benign in-
fluence of good laws under a free Government—
the ever-favorite object of my heart, and the happy
reward, as I trust, of our mutual cares, labors,
and dangers.
GEORGE WASHINGTON.
United States, September 17, 1796.
After the reading of the address,
The SPEAKER announced that the proceed-
ings directed by the two Houses of Congress
having been concluded, the House would again
resume its session.
The Senators and invited guests then retired
from the Hall.
As the General-in-Chief of the Army rose to
retire, some one in the gallery called for "three
cheers for General George B. McClellan," which
was most enthusiastically responded to, both in
the gallery and on the floor of the House.
In pursuance of an oider previously adopted,
The SPEAKER declared the House adjourned
until Monday next at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 24, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr Sunderland
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the petition of
R. G. Murphy, late Indian agent for the Sioux
Indians, praying to be relieved from certain vouch-
ers erroneously given; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, praying for a donation of lands and
money to aid in the construction ofa railroad from
St. Paul to the head of Lake Superior, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILMOT presented a memorial of the
board of managers of the Pennsylvania Coloniza-
tion Society, praying that the independence of
the republic of Liberia and its existence as a
nation may be recognized by the Government of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Brad-
ford county, Pennsylvania, praying for the im-
mediate and unconditional abolition of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the duty on wood
screws may be reduced to thn ty per cent, ad valo-
rem; which was referred to the Committee ori
Finance.
Mr. KING. 1 present a petition of merchants
and ship-builders, engaged in the sale and manu-
facture of ship timber in New York, representing
" that there is at the present timea great scarcity
of good timber available for ship building, par-
ticularly such as is indispensable for building ves-
sels of war, and that this scarcity is owing in a
great measure to the extensive orders given for
such timber for the use of the British Govern-
ment;" and praying that measures be adopted to
prevent the further exportation of ship timber
during the continuance of the war. Appended to
this is the following:
"The undersigned ship-owners and underwriters* of
New York tully concur m the tbrcgoatg sutrgosuons of the
ship-biuldci.s and dealers in timber, and take leave to urge
the same on the early attention of Congress."
I move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
It was so refeired.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN ANT) REFERRED.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the papers in the
case of Constance Batcman, which were favora-
bly reported upon from the Court of Claims, be
taken from the files ofthe Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Claims,
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN GOODS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to take from the
table the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of Janu-
ary 30, 1862, in relation to what contracts have
been made in the office of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs for the transportation of goods for
