418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
37th Coxa....2d Sess.
Saps of the United States,
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That no per-
son m the Navy shall strip off the clothes, or pil-
lage, or in any manner maltreat, persons taken
on board a prize, on pain of such punishment as
a court-martial shall adjudge.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That all ran-
som money, salvage, bounty, or proceeds of for-
feiture or confiscation, accruing or awarded to any
vessel of the Navy, shall be distributed and paid
to the officers and men entitled thereto, in the same
manner as prize money, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy.
' Sec . 10. And be itfurther enacted, That any per-
son entitled to wages or prize money may have
the same paid to his assignee, provided the as-
signment be attested by the captain and paymas-
ter; and in case of the assignment of wages, the
power shall specify the precise time they com-
mence. But the commander of every vessel is
required to discourage his crews from selling any
part of their wages or prize money, and never to
attest any power of attorney, until he is satisfied
that the same is not granted in consideration of
money given for the purchase of wages or prize
money.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That all
money accruing, or which has already accrued,
to the United States from sale of prizes shall be
and remain forever a fund for the paymentof per-
sionsto the officers, seamen, and marines who may
be entitled to receive the same; and if the said
fund shall be insufficient for the purpose, the pub-
lic fauh is hereby pledged to make up the defi-
ciency; but if it should be more than sufficient,
the surplus shall be applied to the making of fur-
ther provision for the comfort of the disabled offi-
cers, seamen, and marines.
Sec. 12. Jind be itfurther enacted, That the dis-
trict attorneys of the several districts of the courts
of the United States, m which any cases of prize
are or may be depending, shall, as soon as may
be after the passage of this act, furnish to the
Navy Department a complete list of all the prize
cases which have been determined, or may still
be pending within their respective districts, with
a statement of the condition of each, m such foi m
and embracing such particulars as the Secretary
of the Navy may require, and shall, as often as
once in each month, thereafter, furnish a further
statement of the condition of every case in their
respective districts, and of any further proceed-
ingshad therein since tiieir last returns. And the
Secretary of the Navy is heieby authorized to
appoint an agent or to employ counsel when the
captors do not employ counsel themselves, in any
case in which he may consider it necessary to
assist the district attorneys and protect the inter-
ests of the captors, with such compensation as he
may think just and reasonable. And it shall be
the duty of the several marshals of the United
States to furnish to the Navy Department on re-
quest, or to its agent, a full and particular state-
ment of the disposition of every prize vessel and
cargo, in such form and with such details as the
Secretary of the Navy may require, and as often
as he may require the same; and said marshals
shall also furnish to the Navy Department or their
aforesaid qgenta full and particular statement of
all fees, charges, and allowances of every descrip-
tion, claimed by them m each case of prize, be- f
fore the same are allowed by the court, and no |
such charges for disbursements of any kind shall *
be allowed, unless accompanied by the affidavit of |
the marshal that the same have been actually and >
necessarily incurred in the case; and it shall be \
the duty of tfte district attorney to attend on the !
settlement and allowance of all such bills and pio- I
-tect the interests of the United States and of the I
captors againstany improperand unlawful claims.
And whenever a final decree of condemnation shall
have been made,orany interlocutory sale has been
ordered, the property shall be sold by the mar-
shal pursusant to the practice and proceedings m
admiralty,.and the gross proceeds of such sale
shail be forthwith deposited with the assistant
treasurer of the United States, at, or nearest to,
the place where such sale is made, and the money
so deposited shall remain in the Treasury of the
united States until a final decree of distribution,
orumil a decree of restitution shall be made, and
a certified copy thereof furnished, upon which the
costs of court, and thelawful charges and expenses
shall be paid,and the balance distributed according
to said decree: Provided, That the annual salaries
of district attorneys, prize commissioners, and
marshals shall in no case be so increased under the
several acts for compensation in prize so as to ex-
ceed, in the aggregate, the following sums, and
any balance beyond the several sums shall be paid
into the Treasury,viz: districtattorneys, six thou-
sand dollars; prize commissioners, three thousand
dollars; marshals, six thousand dollars.
Sec. 13. Jind be it further enacted, That every
officer, seaman, or marine, disabled in the line of
his duty, shall be entitled to receive for life, or
during his disability, a pension from the United
States, according to the nature and degree of his
disability, not exceeding in any case his monthly
pay.
Sec. 14. Jind be it further enacted, That in all
cases where the crews of the ships or vessels of
the United States shall be separated from their
vessels, by the latter being wrecked, lost, or de-
stroyed, all the command, power, and authority
given to the officers of such ships or vessels shall
remain and be in full force as effectually as if
such ship or vessel were riot so wrecked, lost, or
destroyed, until such ship's company be regu-
larly discharged from, or ordered again into, the
service, or until a court-martial or court of in-
quiry shall be held to inquire into the loss of such
ship or vessel; and if, by the sentence of such
court or other satisfactory evidence, it shall ap-
pear to the Secretary of the Navy that all or any
of the officers and men of such ship's company
did their utmost to preserve her, and after the
loss thereof behaved themselves agreeably to the
discipline of the Navy, then the pay and emolu-
ments of such officers and men, or such of them
as shall have done their duty, as aforesaid, shall
go on until their discharge or death'; and every
officer or man who shall, after the loss of such
vessel, act contrary to the discipline of the Navy,
shall be punished, at the discretion of a court-
martial, in the same manner as if such vessel had
not been so lost.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That all the
pay and emoluments of the officers and men, of
any of the ships or vessels of the United States
taken by an enemy, who shall appear by the sen-
tence of a court-martial, or otherwise, to have
done their utmost to preserve and defend their
ship or vessel, and after the taking thereof, have
behaved themselves obediently to their superiors,
agreeably to the discipline of the Navy, shall go
on, and be paid them until theirdeath, exchange,
or discharge.
Sec. 16. Jind be itfurther enacted, That each
commanding officer shall, whenever a man enters !
on board, cause an accurate entry to be made in j
the ship's books of his name, the date, place, and j
term of his enlistment, the place or vessel from !
which he was received on board, his rating, and !
his descriptive list to include his age, place of
birth, and citizenship, with such remarks as may
be necessary; and shall, before sailing, transmit
to the Secretary of the Navy a complete list or
muster-roll of the rated men under his command,
showing the particulars above set forth,and also
a list of officers and passengers with the date of
their entering; and he shall cause similar lists to
be made out on the first day of every third month,
to be transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy, as
opportunities shall occttr; accounting in such lists
or muster-rollsforany casualties which may have
taken plane since the hist list or muster-roll. He
shall not receive on board any man transferred
from any other vessel or station to him unless such
man he furnished with an account, signed by the
captain and paymaster of the vessel or station
from which he came, specifying the date of his
entry, the period and term of service, th* sums
paid, the balance due hirn, the quality in which
he was rated, and ins descriptive list. He shall
cause to be accurately minuted on the ship's books
the names of and times at which any death or de-
sertion may occur; and in ease of death, shall take
care that the paymaster secure all the nropei tv of
the deceased for the benefit of his legal represent-
ative or representatives. He shall cause frequent
inspections to be made into the condition of the
provisions, and use every precaution for their
preservation. He shall, whenever he ordeis offi-
cers and men to take cH'arge of a prfze and pro-
ceed to the United Stales, and whenever oflit ers
or men are sent ft om his ahip, for whatever cause,
take caie that each man be furnish'-U wiihacom-
plcte statement of hi« account, specifying the date
of his enlistment, the periods and terms of his ser-
vice, and his descriptive list; which account shall
b^signod by the commanding officer and paymas-
ter. He shall cause the articles for the govern-
ment of the Navy to be hung up in some public
part of the ship, and read once a mouth to his
ship's company. He shall cause a convenient
place to be set apart for sick or disabled men, to
which he shall have them removed, with their
hammocks and bedding, when the suigeon shall
so advise, and shall dueot that some of the ciew
attend them and keep the place clean. He shall
frequently consult with the surgeon in regard to
the sanitary condition of his crew, and shall use
all proper means to preserve their health, and
when his crew is finally paid off he shall attend
m person, or appoint a proper officer, to see that
justice be done to the men and to the United States
in the settlement of the accounts. Any command-
ing officer offending herein shall be punished at
the discretion of a court-martial.
Sec. 17. And be itfurther enacted, Thatitshall
be the duty of the commanding officer of any fleet,
squadron, or vessel acting singly, when on ser-
vice, to send to an Atlantic port of the United
States in some public or other vessel, all petty
officers and persons of inferior ratings desiring to ,
go there at the expiration of their terms of ser-
vice, or as soon thereafter as may be, unless in
his opinion the detention of such persons for a
longer period should be very essential to the pub-
lic interests; in which case he may detain them
or any of them until the vessel to which they be-
long shall return to such Atlantic port; and in case
of such detention the peison so sent home, or so
detained, shall be subject in all respects to the laws
and regulations for the government of the Navy,
until their return to an Atlantic port, and their
regular discharge; and all persons who shnH he
so detained beyond their towns of service, or who
shall, after the termination of their service volun-
tarily reenter to serve until theieturn to an Atlan-
tic port of the vessel to winch they belong, and
their regular discharge then fiom, shall for the
time during which they are so detained, or shall
so serve beyond their original terms of senice,
which shall in no case exceed thirty days after
their arrival in an Atlantic port, receive an addi-
tion of one fourth of their former pay: Provided,
That the shipping articles ^hall heiectfter contain
the substance of this action.
See. 18. And be it further enacted, That ail offi-
cers not holding commissions or warrants, or who
are not entitled to thorn, except such as are tem-
porarily appointed to the duties of a commissioned
or warrant officer, or secretaries and clerks, snail
be deemed petty officers, and shall be entitled to
obedience in the execution of their offices from
those of inferior ratings.
Sec. 39. And be itfurther enacted, That th'1 Sec-
retary of the Navy shall cause each Commissioned
or warranted officer of the Navy, on his entiy
into the fcoivice, tu be furnished with a copy- of
the regulations and genera! oi ders of the Dt f.'ai i-
ment then in force, and thcteafter with a copy of •
ail such as may be issued.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, Tnatallpro-
visions of previous laws which are inconsistent
with those of this act, shall be, and are hereby,
repealed.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
Chap, CCV.—An Act requiring the Command-
ers of American Vessels sailing to Foreign
Ports and Persons prosecuting Claims, to tuke
the Oath of Allegiance.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of H<pr(-
scntativesoj the t nited Slates of Jhnerica in
assembled, That the commanders of all Ann tican
vessels sailing from ports in the Unm-d Stales to
foreign ports, duung the continuance of ihr pres-
ent rebellion, and all persons prosecuting r'nuns
either as attorney or on his own account, before
any of the departments or bureaus of the United
States, shall be required to take the oath of alle-
giance, and to support the Constitution of the
United States, (or affirm, as the case may be,) as
