1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
the Indians, and ask that it be printed,and re-
ferred to the Committee on India*Affairs.
The motion was agreed ts.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES. In compliance with the unan-
imous request of the City Council of the city of
Georgetown, 1 ask leave to introdnce a bill of
which previous notice has not been given. It is
to authorize the corporation of the city of George-
town to issue city scrip to the amount of$50,000,
redeemable whenever it shall be presented in sums
of' five dollars, in United States Treasury notes.
I introduce the bill in compliance with their re-
quest, without expressing any opinion as to the
propriety of the measure.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 209) to authorize the
corporation of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, to issue certain notes for circulation; and
it was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce ajoint resolution
(S. No. 53) to amend an act entitled "An act to
carry into effect conventions between the United
States and the republics of New Granada and
Costa R.ica;" which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
COLLECTION OF TIIE REVENUE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take up
a resolution of inquiry as to what officers employed
in the collection of revenue may be discontinued.
I proposed to have it indefinitely postponed and
stricken off the Calendar, but some Senators want
it passed. 1 move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Anthony on the 5th of August,
1861:
Rcsoltici, Thar the Secretary of the Treasury bo requested
to institute ;in inquiry, and report lit the next session of Con-
gress, what officers, if any, employed in thecoliection and
protection of the revenue, may be discontinued without
detiinienl to the public service.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently said: The res-
olution that has been passed on my motion was
introduced at the last session, and the inquiry was
directed to be answered at the next, meaning the
present, session of Congress. As it now leads, it
will apply to the next session after this. 1 should
like to have it reconsidered for the purpose of
striking out that clause. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the words " at the next ses-
sion of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 210) to repeal certain laws
and ordinances in the District of Columbia relat-
ing to persons of color; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I move the reference of this bill to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. Before the
question is put, I desire to make a brief statement
of its objcc.t and of its provisions. The bill pro-
poses to repeal the act of Congress extending oyer
the District the laws of Maryland then existing
concerning persons of color, and to annul and ab-
rogate those laws. It proposes to repeal the acts
giving the cities of Washington and Georgetown
authority to pass ordinances relating to persons of
color,and to abrogate those ordinances; and it fur-
ther proposes to make persons of color amenable
to the same laws to which free white persons are
amenable, and to subject them to the same penal-
ties and punishments. I have made an abstract,
an analysis of the laws I propose to repeal and
annul by the provisions of this bin.
The eighth sect-ion of the first article of the Con-
stitution of the United States gave to Congress
the "power to exercise exclusive legislation, in
all cases whatsoever, "over the District of Columbia.
February 27, 1801, Congress enactcd that the
laws of Maryland, as thai existing, should be and
continue in force in the county of Washington.
By this act certain laws ef Maryland, from
which the subjoined abstract has been made, were
adopted and became laws of the United States for
the government of the District of Columbia.
"All negroes and other slaves, already imported
or hereafter to be imported into this province, and
all children now born or hereafter to be born of
such negroes and slaves, shall be slaves during
their natural lives." (Laws of Maryland, 1715,
chap. 44.)
" If any free negro or mulatto intermarry with
any white woman, or if any white man shall in-
termarry with any negro or mulatto woman, such
negro or mulatto shall become a slave during
life." (1717, chap. 13.)
If a free colored woman permits herself to be
seduced by a white man she may be sold into sla-
very for the term of seven years, (1728, chap. 4.)
Provision is made for the punishment of the se-
ducer, by selling himalso; butitis enacted again,
that,
" No free negro or mulatto shall be admitted
and received as good and valid evidence in law,
in any matter or thing whatsoever, wherein any
Christian white person is concerned." (1717,
chap. 13.)
If any owner of slaves shall suffer such slaves
to raise any cattle or hogs as the proper right of
such slaves, he shall pay five hundred pounds of
tobacco, one half to the county and one half to
the infotmer; and all such cattlc and hogs shall
be forfeited, to be applied in the same manner.
(1723, chap. 15.)
No person shall trade, barter, ordeal with any
servant or slave without leave or license from the
master, mistress, or overseer of such servant or
slave, under penalty of two thousand pounds of
tobacco. (1715, chap. 44 )
Any person who shall permit or authorize his
or her slave to go at large or hire him or herself,
shall incur the penalty of five pounds cut rent
money per month; and any person who shall hire
a slave by contract with such slave shall incur the
penalty of five pounds current money per month;
which penalties shall be recovered before a single
magistrate of the peace to the sole use and benefit
of the informer. (1787, chap. 33.)
Where any slave shall be guilty of rambling,
going abroad in the night, rising horses in the day
time without leave, or running "away, the justices
of the county court are obliged, upon the appli-
cation of the owner of such slave, or the complaint
of any person who shall be any ways damnified
by such slave, immediately to punish such slave
by whipping, cropping, or branding in the cheek
with the letter R, or otherwise, not extending to
life or to render such slave unfit tor labor. (1751^
chap. 14.)
If any person shall willingly entertain any ser-
vants or slaves unlawfully^ absenting themselves
from their master, or permit them to be about his
or her house or plantation during one- hour or
longer, such person shall be fined one hundred
pounds of tobacco for each hour such servant or
slave shall be permitted to be about his or her
houseor plantation, to be recovered inasummary
way before a single magistrate, with costs, and if
the offender be unable to pay , the magistrate may
punish such offender by whipping, on his or her
bare back, not exceeding thirty-nine stripes for
any one offense. (1748, chap. 19.)
It" any slave shall strike any white person, upon
proof being made thereof before any justice of
the peace, either by the oath of the party so struck
or otherwise, such justice may cause one of the
ears of such slave to be cropped. (1723,chap. 15.)
When any slave shall be convicted ot any petit
treason, or murder, or willful burning of dwelling
houses, the justices may condemn such slave to
have the right hand cut off; to be hanged in the
usual manner; the head severed from the body,
the body divided into four quarters, the head and
quarters set up in the most public places of the
county. (1729, cltap. 4.)
" All legal fees which shall arise on the prose-
cution of any negro or other slave in any court,
whether such slave shall be acquitted or convicted,
shall he chargeable to and paid by the county.
(Laws of Maryland, 17G6, chap. 6.)
- Any person who shall steal a slave, or who shall
be accessory to said offense, and be legally con-
victed thereof, or who shall obstinately or of mal-
ice stand mute, or peremptorily challenge above.,
twenty, shall suffer death as a felon without ben-
efit of clergy. (Laws of Maryland, 1737, chap.
2.) ,
No slaves shall be permitted to carry any gun
or other offensive weapon from off their masters*
land, without license from said master; and if
any slave shall presume to do so, he may be car-
ried before a justice of the peace and whipped,
and the gun shall be forfeited to him who shall
carry such slave before a justice of the peace.
(Laws of Maryland, 1715, chap. 44.)
Every constable shall be obliged to repair, onqy-
a month, to all suspected places within his hun-
dred, and if, at any such place, he shall find any
negroes or other slaves, not belonging to the o#ner
of such place, nor having a written permit from
their owner or overseer, the constable is required
to whip every such slave on the bare back, not
exceeding thirty-nine lashes; and all slave? be-
longing to the owner of place, shall, if required,
assist the constable, on pain of thirty-nine lashes
on the bare back. (Laws of Maryland,
chap. 15.)
" Every person seizing or taking up runaways,
shall receive two hundred pounds of tobacco, to
be paid by the owner of such runaway serv&flt,
negro, or slave." (1715, clmp. 44.)
If any negro, or other slaves, absenting them-
selves from their master's scrvice, shall refuse to
surrenderthemselves,and make resistance against
such persons as pursue to apprehend and take them
up, it shall be lawful for such pursuers,when such
i resistance is made,to shoot, kill, arid destroy.such
negroes or other slaves. (1723, chap. 15.)
If any slave shall happen to be slain for refusing
to surrender him or herself, the officer, or other
person so killing such slave shall be indemnified
from any prosocu tion for such killing. (1751, chap.
14-)
Whenever any slave shall be killed for unlaw-
fully refusingto surrenderhiinselfor herself, such
slave shall be valued by two respectable persons,
to be appointed by the nearest magistrate, and the
whole value of such slave shall be paid to the
owner, or the owner's order, by the treasurer of
this province, on the magistrate's certificate of the
death and value of such slave, out of the public
stock. (1751, chap. 14.)
" livery sheriff that shall have committed to his
custody any runaway servants or slaves, after ono
month's notice given to the master or owner
thereof, of their being in his custody, if living in
this province, or two months'notice if living in any
of the neighboring provinces, if such master or
owner of such servants or slaves dn not appear
within the time limited as aforesaid, and pay or se-
cure to be paid all such imprisonment fees due to
such sheriff from the time of the commitment of
such servants orslaves, and also such overcharges
as have accrued or become due to any person for
taking up such runaway, is hereby authorized and
required, upon the expiration of such time afore-
said, immediately to give public notice to all per-
sons, by setting up notes at the church and court-
house doors of the county where such servant or
slave is in custody, of the time and place for sale of
such servants and slaves, by him to be appointed;
not less than ten days after the expiratiou of the
time limited asaforesaid, and at such timeand[place
so appointed by him to proceed to soli and dispose
of such servant or slave to the highest bidder, and
out of the money or tobacco which suc.h set vaut
or slave is sold for, to pay himself all such impris-
onment fees as are his just dues for the time he
has kept such servant or slave in his custody, and
also to pay such other charges, fees, or reward, as
have become due to any person for taking up such
runaway servantor slave, and after such payments
made, if any residue shall remain of the money or
ii tobacco such servant or slave was sold for, Such
ji sheriff shall only be accountable to the master or
11 owner of such servant or slave for such re#idu«
|j or remainder; and in case any sheriff, or the buyer
>; of such servant or slave, or others concerned ill
j' the execution of this act, shall be sued by any
ji persons for any matter or thing done or to be done
li in pursuance hereof, it shall be lawful for every
tj such person so sued to plead the general issue, and
ij give this act and the special matter in evidence;
i and in caseof non-suit,discontinuance, or verdict
,' against the plaintiff, the court shall award double
costs of suit-." (1719, chap. %)
If any free negro or mulatto shall give or Bell
