918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
any certificate of freedom to any slave, by which
means such slave may be enabled to abscond from
the service of his master or owner, such master
may have a remedy against such free negro in
any court of law, and the court before whom such
free negro may be tried may adjudge such free
negro to be sold at public vendue, and the money
arising from such sale shall be paid to the owner
of the slave. (1796, chap. 67.)
Upon information to any justice of the peace
that any free negro or mulatto is going at large
without any visible means of subsistence, such
justice is required to issue his warrant to any con-
stable of the county, directing him to apprehend
such free negro or mulatto; and if such free negro
or rrtulatto shall fail to give security for his good
behavior, or to leave the State within five days,
or if after leaving the State he shall return again
within six months, such justice may commit said
free negro or mulatto to the common jail; and if
such offender so committed shall not within twenty
days thereafter pay his or her prison charges, the
sheriff of the county, with the approbation of any
two justices of the peace, may sell such free nesro
or mulatto to serve six calendar months. (1796,
chap. 67.)
The eighth section of the act of May 1, 1820,
gave to the corporation of Washington " power
and authority to restrain and prohibit the nightly
and other disorderly meetings of slaves, free ne-
groes, and mulattoes, and to punish such slaves
by whipping, not exceeding forty stripes, or by
imprisonment, not exceeding six months for any
one offense; and to punish such free negroes and
mulattoes by penalties, not exceeding twenty dol-
lars for any one offense, and in case of the in-
ability of any free negro or mulatto to pay any
such penalty and cost thereon, to cause him or her
to bo confined to labor, for any time not exceed-
ing six calendar months; to prescribe the terms
and conditions upon which free negroes and mu-
lattoes may reside in the city; to punish corpore-
ally any colored servant or slave for a breach of
any of their laws or ordinances;" "and to pass
all laws which shall be deemed necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the powers
vested by this act in the said corporation." By
virtue of the power thus conferred certain ordi-
nances have been passed and are now in force, of
which abstracts are given below.
Every free colored person must exhibit to the
mayor satisfactory evidence of his or her title to
freedom, and enter into bond wall five good and
sufficient sureties, in the penalty of" §1,000, for the
good and orderly conduct of ius or her entile
family,the bond to be renewed eveiy year; and on
failure so to do, may be fined twenty dollars and
sent to the workhouse. (October 99, 1836.)
If any free colored person is found going at
large after ten o'clock at night without a pass from
some respectable citizen, he shall be fined not ex-
ceeding ten dollars, and locked up until morning.
(May 31,1827.)
"Persons ofcolor frequenting the Capitol square
' without necessary business, and refusing to de-
part, shall be fined not exceeding twenty dollais,
or confined to labor not more than thirty days for
each offense." (January 9, 1829.)
All secret or private meetings or assemblages
whatsoever, and all meetings for religious wor-
ship beyond the hour of ten at night, of free ne-
groes, mulattoes, or slaves, are declared to be
unlawful; and any colored person or persons found
at such assemblages or mee'tings, or who may con-
tinue at any religious meeting after ten o'clock at
night, shall for each offense pay the sum of five
dollars; and in the event of any such meeting or
assemblage, it shall be the duty of any police con-
stable to enter the house where such assemblage
is hold and employ all lawful means immediately
to disperse the same; and in ease any police con-
stable, after full notice and knowledge of such
meeting, shall neglect or refuse to execute the
duty hereby required, he shall forfeit and pay the
sum of fifty dollars, and be incapable of holding
any office of power or trust under the corporation
for one year thereafter. (October 29, 1836.)
The Mayor of Washington may, for the sum
of §400, grant to any person a license to trade or
traffic in slaves for profit; and every person who
shall without license keep slaves for sale at retail,
shall be fined not less than twenty nor more than
fifty dollars for each offense. (July 28, 1831.)
If a slave breaks a street lamp, he shall be pun-
ished by whipping on the bare back. (Septem-
ber 23, 1830.)
If any slave shall tie a horse to any of the trees
on any of the public grounds in the city of Wash-
ington, he shall be punished by whipping on the
bare back. (October 6,1834.)
If any slave shall willfully injure any dwelling-
house, or any of the appendages thereof, he or
she shall be punished by whipping on his or her
bare back, not exceeding thirty-nine stripes.
(March 17, 1835.)
Any slave offending against any of the laws
regulating the public markets, shall be punished
with not less than five nor more than twenty lashes
on his or her bare back. (October 12, 1841.)
If any slave shall set on fire, in any open ground
or lo.t, any straw or shavings, between the setting
and the rising of the sun, whereby a false alarm
of fire may bo created, he shall be whipped not
exceeding thirty-nine lashes. (Apiil 2, 1829.)
If any slave shall set off any fire-crackers within
one hundred yardsof any dwelling-house, he shall
be punished by whipping, not exceeding thirty-
nine stripes. (June 4, 1829.)
Every negro and mulatto found residing in the
city of Washington, who shall not be able to es-
tablish his or her title to freedom, shall be com-
mitted to the jail of the county of Washington as
absconding slaves. (May 31, 1827.)
The acts of March 3T1805, and March 3,1809,
confirmed to the corporation of Georgetown all the
rights, powers, and privileges theretofore granted
to the corporation by the General Assembly of
Maryland, among which was the power to " pass,
make, and ordain all laws necessary to take up,
fine, imprison, or punish any and all vagrants,
loose and disorderly persons, free negroes, and
persons having no visible meansofsupport." In
pursuance of this authority the corporation has
passed the ordinances of which the following ab-
stract is given:
Every free black or mulatto person who shall
come to Georgetown to reside, shall, within three
days, exhibit to the Mayor satisfactory evidence
of his or her title to freedom, and shall enter into
bond with two freehold sureties m the penalty of
§500, conditioned for the good conduct of every
member of his or her family, to be renewed eveiy
year; and for every failure so to do, he, she, or
they shall be committed to' the workhouse not
more than thirty days, or fined not exceeding
twenty dollars. (August 22, 1845.)
AH assemblages, by day or night, of black or
colored persons, except religious meetings, con-
ducted by white men, and terminated before half
past nine o'clock at night, are prohibited, under
penalty of thirty-nine lashes for slaves, and thirty
days' imprisonment, or thirty dollars fine for free
colored persons. (August 22, 1845.)
" If any free negro or mulatto shall be a sub-
scriber to or receive through the post office or any
other medium, or shall have in his or her posses-
sion,any newspaper,or written orprintedpaper or
book, calculated to excite insubordination among
the slaves or colored people, such free negro or
mulatto shall be deemed to be a disorderly and
dangerous person, and shall for each offense be
fined, not exceeding twenty dollars, or committed
to the workhouse not exceeding thirty days, and
the sureties of the offending party shall be imme-
diately required to pay the amount of their bonds;
but if the offender be a slave, he or she shall be
punished by whipping, not exceeding thirty-nine
stripes." (August 22, 1845.)
If any slave shall willfully injure any dwelling-
house or any of the appendages thereof, he or she
shall bo punished by whipping on his or her bare
back. (March 23, 1835.)
If any slave bathe in the canal, within the juris-
diction of the corporation, he shall be publicly
whipped. (May 16, 1840.)
If any slave shdll fly a kite within the limits of
the corporation, if unable to pay a fine of two
dollars, one half to the informer, and the other
half to the corporation, he may be punished by
whipping, at the discretion of the Mayor. (June
23, 1827.) |
If any servant or slave shall offend against the '
market ordinance, and be unable to pay the fine,
such servant or slave shall be punished by whip-
ping, not exceeding thirty-nine stripes. (January
22, 1831.)
Such, Mr. President, are the laws enacted or
permitted by this Christian people, this republican
Government. A sense of deccncy should prompt
Congress to erase these laws and ordinances fiom
the statutes of the Republic. I earnestly com-
mend the bill to the attention and consideration of
the committee who have in their keeping the affairs
of the District of Columbia.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WILMOT. I desire merely to say at this
time that, in my judgment, the Senate should act
promptly upon the bill for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia. That is the meas-
ure which covers the whole ground. It embraces
the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts, it em-
braces every question that can be raised on this
subject. In my judgment, we shall have been the
most derelict in our duty of any body that ever
sat in the seats of power if we adjourn this Con-
gress without the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I move that the. bill reported,
I believe, by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] abolishing slavery in the District of Colum-
bia be made the special order for Wednesday next.
Mr. FOOT. There is a special order for Wed-
nesday.
Mr. WILMOT. Then I will say for Thursday
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the bill abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia. The Chair is infortaed by the Secre-
tary that the bill is still with* the committee, and
has not been reported.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. The Secre-
tary is mistaken. The bill was reported favorably
by the Committee on the District of Columbia,
several days ago, and I did hope that it would be
taken up speedily. I will say to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that the bill was very carefully pre-
pared, that it has been reported with very slight
amendments by the committee, and I hope that it
will be taken up at an early day. The bill which
I have introduced this morning is only following
up that bill and repealing the black code of the
District—the laws applicable to persons of color
in the District. It is a necessary bill to be passed
also, and I hope when we have done that we shall
go a step further, and offer to the State of Mary-
land the same terms that we offer to the people of
the District, and clear this thing out of our neigh-
borhood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretaiy was
mistaken. The bill is on the table, and has been
reported.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that I am as anxious to pro-
ceed with that bill as he is; but the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] has charge ofit, and he is
now sick. I suppose he will be here in a day or
two. He has given his attention to it almost
wholly; and perhaps it would be well to let it be
until he shall come in.
Mr. WILMOT. Very well, sir. I withdraw
the motion I made.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.'
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) in
relation to certain railroads in the State of Mis-
souri.
Mr. HALE. Iam notatall opposed to making
every compensation which is just and reasonable
to these roads for the damages they have suffered
in consequence of this rebellion; but in my judg-
ment the basis of compensation assumed by this
resolution is entirely wrong. If I understand it,
a grant of public land was made to these roads, in
consideration of which they agreed to transpoit
the troops and munitions of war of the United
States free of cost; but the preamble to this leso-
lutton sets out that they have been unable to do
so m consequence of the rebellion and the injuries
inflicted on their roads by the rebels. Then, in-
stead of making compensation adequate to the
injury, it goes on to give discretion to the Secre-
tary of War to make a contract with them, such
as has been made with other roads, to pay them,
and to pay them prospectively, as I understand,
for all such transportation as they may perform
for the United States, with only a limitation upon-
it that it shall not exceed the contracts that have
already been made by the War Department. If
