420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
BTth Cong....2d Sbss.
Laics of the United States.
No. 14.—A Resolution providing a Stenographer
for the Joint Committee appointed to inquire
into the Conduct of the War.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Cm-grew
assembled, That the joint committee on the con-
duct of the present war be authorized to employ
a stenographer, who shall be paid by the Secre-
tary of the Senate out of the money already ap-
propriated tomeettheexpenses of said committee,
at the same rate of compensation as that received
by the reporters for the Congressional Globe.
Approves, February 22, 1862.
No. 15.—Joint Resolution in relation to certain
Railroads in the State of Missouri.
Whereas, by the fourth section of an act of
Congress entitled " An act granting the right of
way to the State of Missouri, and a portion of the
public lands to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State," approved June the tenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, it is provided as
follows: " That the said lands, hereby granted to
the said State, shall be subject to the disposal of
the Legislature thereof, for the purposes aforesaid
and no other; and the said railroads shall be and
remain public highways for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, free from toll or.
Other charge upon the transportation of any prop-
erty or troops of the United States;" and whereas
the said grant of lands has, by virtue of said act,
and of an act of the Legislature of the State of
Missouri, been applied in the construction of the
Hannibal and Saint Joseph railroad, constructed
and owned by the Hannibal and Saint Joseph
Railroad Company, and the Pacific railroad by
the Pacific Railroad Company, which last men-
tioned road is finished and runningfrom St. Louis
to Rolla; and whereas the ability of said railroad
companies to transport the property and troops
of the United States over their respective railroads
has been greatly impaired by the destruction of
bridges, depots, and other property of said com-
panies, and the partial destruction of said roads,
and in view of the pressing public necessities, the
United States, not waiving therightta have their
property and troops transported free from toll or
other charge by said railroads, as contemplated
by the reservation aforesaid, have resolved as
follows: Therefore',
Be it resolved by the Senate and Jlouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates oj'Smerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized to make such an adjustment with the
Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad Company
and the Pacific Railroad Company, for the trans-
portation, past and prospective, of the property
and troops of the United States, over said rail-
roadsj during the existence of this rebellion, as m
view of the public exigency may be just and rea-
sonable, and liquidate the same: Provided, how-
ever, That the sums paid to said companies shall
"be as near as may be the cost of transporting such
property and troops, and not exceeding the prices
fixed by the War Department on the twelfth day
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, for
transportation by railroads, which adjustment
and liquidation shall preclude any further claim
on behalf of such companies against the Govern-
ment for compensation or damages previously
accrued, or for the military occupation of the said
roads by the United States Government tip io the
time of the passage of this act: Jiiul provided far-
ther , That the Secretary of War may, in his dis-
cretion, withhold from time to time such pot tiun
of the moneys which maybe due to either of said
railroad companies, to indemnify the Govern-
ment against any failure of such company, to
promptly transport such troops and supplies;
but nothing herein shall be so construed as to
prevent the Secretary of War from taking pos-
session of said railroads and their appurtenances,
and applying the same to the exclusive use of the
Government whenever, in his judgment, the pub-
lic interests may require it, without, in such case,
compensation to said companies.
Approved, March G, 1802.
No. 36.—A Resolution declaratory of the Intent
and Meaning of a certain Act therein named.
Wnereasdoubts have arisen us to the true intent
and meaning of act numbered eighteen, entitled
" An act to indemnify the States for expenses
incurred by them m defense of the United States,"
approved July Uventy-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the said act shall be construed to
apply to expenses incurred as well after as before
the date of the approval thereof.
Approved, March 8, 1862.
No. 18.—A Resolution providing for the Payment
of the Awards of the Commission to investigate
the military Claims in the Department of the
West.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all sums allowed to be due from
the United States to individuals, companies, or
corporations, by the Commission heretofore ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War, (for the inves-
tigation of military claims against the Department
of the West,) composed of David Davis, Joseph
Holt, and Hugh Campbell, now sitting at St.
Louis, Missouri, shall be deemed to be due and
payable, and shall be paid by the disbursing offi-
cers, either in St. Louis or Washington, in each
case, upon the presentation of the voucher with
the Commissioners' certificate thereon, in any
form, plainly indicating the allowance of the claim
and to what amount. This resolution shall apply
only to claims and contracts for service, labor, or
materials, and for subsistence, clothing, transpor-
tation, arms, supplies, and the purchase, hire, and
construction of vessels.
Approved, March 11, 1862.
No. 19.—A Resolution to amend an Act entitled
<4 An Act to carry into effect Conventions be-
tween the United States and the Republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled " An act to carry
into effect conventions between the United States
and the Republics of New Granada and Costa
Rica," appro^%d the twentieth day of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be amended in
its sixth and thirteenth sections, so that when a
witness refuses or is unwilling to testify, under
the provisions of the said act, the proceedings to
compel his testimony may be at the suggestion of
either party, instead of af the suggestion of any
claimant, as Is provided in the said act.
Approved, March 15, 1862.
No. 20.—A Resolution providingforthe Custody
of the Letter and Gifts from the King ofSiam.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the letter from His Majesty the
Major King of Siam to the President of the Uni-
ted States and the accompanying gifts, be depos-
ited in the collection of curiosities at the Depart-
ment of the Interior. *
Approved, March 15, 1862.
No. 21.—JointResolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to inquire info the Causes of the
Failure ofcertam Contracts forsteam Machinery,
and to remit Penalties connected therewith.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he hereby is, authorized and empowered to in-
quire into the circumstances attending the failure
of certain contractors for building steam machin-
ery, to deliver the same within the time specified
in their several contracts; and to remit the whole
of the penalties for such failure, or a part thereof,
as to him may seem just and equitable
Approved, March 17, 1862
r w— ^solution to authorize the Secretary
of War to accept Moneys appropriated by any
State for the Payment of its Volunteers, and to
apply the same as directed by such State.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That if any State during the present
rebellion shall make any appropuation to pay the
volunteers of that State, the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized to accept the same, and cause
it to be applied by the paymaster general to the
payments designated by the legislative act making
the appropriation, in the same manner as if ap-
propriated by act of Congress; and also to make
any regulations that may be necessary for the dis-
bursement and proper application of such funds
to the specific pnipose for which they may --fee
appropriated by the several States.
Approved, March 19, 1862.
No. 23.—A Resolution expressive of the Thanks
of Congress to Captain A. II. Foote, of the
United States Navy, and to the Officers and
Men under his command in the Western Flo-
tilla.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Ameiica in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress and of the
American people are due, and are hereby ten-
dered, to Captain A. H. Foote, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men of the western
flotilla under his command, for the ^reat galhtntry
exhibited by them in theattacks upon Forts Henry
and Donaldson, for their efficiency in opening the
Tennessee, Cumberland, and Mississippi rivers
to the pursuits of lawful commerce, and for their
unwavering devotion to the cause of the country
in the midst of the greatest difficulties and dangers.
Approved, March 19, 1862.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution for the appointment of
Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connecticut, a Re-
gent of the Smithsonian Institution, in place of
Cornelius C. Felton, deceased.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the vacancy in the board of re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institution, of the class
other than members of Congress, caused by the
decease of Cornelius C. Fclton, be filled by the
appointment of Theodore D. Wooisey, of Con-
necticut.
Approved, April 2, 1862.
No. 25.-—A Resolution to authorize the President
to assign the Command of Troops in the same
Field or Department to Officers of the same
Grade without regard to Seniority.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever militaiy operations may
require the presence of two or more officers of the
same grade in the same field or department, the
President may assign the command of the forces
in such field ordepaitment without regard to seni-
ority of rank.
Approved, April 4, 1862.
No.26.—Joint Resolution declaring that the Uni-
ted States ought to cooperate with, affording
pecuniary aid to any State which may adopt
the gradual Abolishment of Slavery.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Cnited States of America i?i Congress
assembled, That the United Slates ought to coop-
erate with any State which may adopt gradual
abolishment of slavery, giving to such State pe-
cuniary aid, to be used by such State in us dis-
cretion, to compensate for the inconveniences,
public and private, produced by such change of
system.
Approved, April 10, 1862.
No. 27.—JointResolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to testpians and materials for
tendering Ships and Floating Batteries invul-
nerable.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he hereby is, authorized to expend, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, a sum not exceeding twenty-five thousand
dollars, for the purpose of testing plans and ma-
terials for rendering ships or floating batteries
invulnerable.
Approved, April 10, 1862.
