1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
No. 28.—A Resolution transferring the Super-
vision of the Capitol Extension and theerection
of the new Dome to the Department of the In-
ferior.
Resolvedly the Senate and IIov.se of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the supervision of the Capitol ex-
tension and the erection of the new dome be, and
the same is hereby, transferred from the War De-
partment to the Department of the Interior. And
all unexpended money which has been heretofore
appropriated, and all money which may be here-
after appropriated for either of the improvements
heretofore mentioned, shall be expended under
the direction and supervision of the Secretary of
the Interior: Provided, That no money heretofore
appropriated shall be expended upon the Capitol
until authorized by Congress, except so much as
is necessary to piotect the building; from injury
by the elements and to complete the dome.
Approved, April 16, 1862.
No. 29.—Joint Resolution to supply the Smith-
sonian Institution with volumes of Wilkes's
Exploring Expedition.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the officer in charge of the Li-
brary of Congress be, and he is hereby, directed
to furnish to the officer in charge of the Smith-
sonian Institution a copy of each of the volumes
of the exploring expedition of Captain Wilkes,
now in the possession of the libraiy.
Approved, April 24, 1862.
No. 30.—A Resolution explanatory of and in ad-
dition to the Act of June third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, granting public lands to the
Sta^e of Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of Raihoads in said State.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of (he United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That the word "noitherly," in the
first section of the act entitled " An act granting
public lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of railroads in said State," ap-
proved June third, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
shall, without forfeiture to said State or its assigns
of any rights or benefits under said act, or ex-
emption from any of the conditions or obligations
imposed thereby, be construed to authorize the
location of the line of railroad in said first section
provided for, upon any eligible route within
ranges sixteen to twenty-three, inclusive, cast of
the fourth principal meridian. And the line of
railroad as now located according to the records
of the General Land Office in pursuance of said
act is hereby authorized to be changed to within
the above specified limits: Provided, however, That
upon the construction of said railroad upon the
new line, or of a sufficient part thereof, according
to the terms of said act, the State of Wisconsin,
its grantees or assigns, shall receive upon the
loute originally located, and in the manner pre-
scribed by the act, the same quantity of lands,
and no more or other, except as hereinafter pro-
vided foi, as if or they would have received if
such railroad had been constructed upon the line
originally located.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That there he,
and is hereby, granted to the State of Wisconsin,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of a
railroad from the town of Appleton, in said State,
to some point on Green Bay, at or near the mouth
of Fox i lver, in said State, so much of the public
lands of«thc United States lying at or near the
mouth of said river, in the county of Brown and
State of Wisconsin, known as the Port Howard
Military Reserve, as may be required for rightof
way, tracks, turnouts, depots, workshops, ware-
houses, wharves, and other railroad uses,notex-
ceeding eighty acres, to be so selected by the State
of Wisconsin or her assigns as to exclude the fort
therefrom: Provided, however, That if no railroad
be constructed and in running order between the
termini in this section mentioned within three
years from the passage of this joint resolution,
then this grant shall be void.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to cause all even sections or parts of even
sections of public land that may be brought with in
six miles of the new line of railroad, as heiein
provided for, to be sold at the same price and in
the same manner as those have been upon the
originally located route of railroad. And all pur-
chasers, or their heirs or assigns, within the six-
mile limits of the said originally located route,
who shall be more than six miles from the new
line of route herein authorized, and who have paid
the sum of two dollars and fifty cents an acre,
shall have the righteither to exchange their loca-
tions upon the line as first established to the new
line, upon the same terms, in like quantities,and
in the same manner, as on the line first estab-
lished as aforesaid, or, at their option, to enter
without further payment, anywhere within the
Menasha land district, in the State of Wisconsin,
an additional quantity of public lands subject to
private entry at One dollar and twenty-five cents
an acre equal to the quantity entered by them at
two dollars and fifty cents an acre, so that the
lands originally entered by them shall thus be
reduced to the rate of one dollar and twenty-five
cents an acre.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That the even
sections of public lands reserved to the United
States by the aforesaid act of June third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, along the originally located
route of railroad north of the said town of Apple-
ton, and along which no railroad has been con-
structed, shfdl hereafter be sold at one dollar and
twenty-five cents an acre.
Appko>ed, Apnl 25, 3862.
No. 32.—Joint Resolution relating to the tinvof
holding the Second Session of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Coloiado.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congiess
assembled, That the second session of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Coloiado, now
fixed by law for the first Monday of June, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, shall be
postponed by proclamation of the Governor of
saLd Territory until the first Monday m July, A.
D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, May 21, 1862.
York, and that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized to issue a register therefor.
Approved, June 17, 18G2.
No. 36.—Joint Resolution transferring [the] su-
pervision of [the] Potomac Water-Works to the
Department of the Interior.
Resolved by the Seriate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the supervision of the Potomac
water-works be, and the same is hereby, trans-
ferred from the War Department to tfte Depart-
ment of the Interior. And all unexpended money
which has been heretofore appropiialed, and all
money which may be hereafter appropriated, for
the completion of said water-woiks, shall be ex-
pended under the direction and supervision of the
Seeretaiy of the *lut<n'ior.
Approved, June 18, 18G2.
No. 37.—A Resolution to encourage Enlistments
in the Regular Army and Volunteer Forces.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the ninth section of
the act approved August third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, entitled " An act [providing] for
the betlei oiganizatiou of the military establish-
ment," as abolishes the premium paid foi bring-
ing accepted recruits to the icndezvous, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed, and hereafter a pre-
mium of two dollars shall be paid to any citizen,
non-commissioned officer or soldier for such ac- 
cepted reciuit for the regular Ai my he may biing
to the rendezvous. And eveiy soldier who heie-
after enlists, either m the regular Army or the
volunteers, for three years or dui nig the war, may
t ecei ve his fu st month \s pay in ad vain e, upon the
mustering of his company into the seivite of the
Uniti'd States, or «ifter he shall have been mustered
into and joined a legnm-nt alteady in the service.
Approved, June 21, 1862.
No. 34.—A Joint Resolution authorizing the pay-
ment of certain Moneys hot etofore up pro pi latrd
for the completion of the Washington Aque-
duct.
Whereas by act of Congress, approved June
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty, there
was appropriated for the completion of the Wash-
ington Aqueduct five hundred thousand dollars,
to be expended according to the plans and esti-
mates of Captain Meigs and under his superin-
tendence; and whereas, while the work was in
pi ogress and before it was completed, Captain
Meigs was removed from such superintendence,
and certain parties have claims for work done and
materials furnished to and for the completion of
said aqueduct which have not been paid: There-
fore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Amcrica in Congress
assembled, That the superintendent of the Wash-
ington Aqueduct Up, and he is hereby, authorized
to pay to Robert Mclntyrc and others,according
to the amount of their n-spective claims, foi work
done and materials furnished for the Washington
Aqueduct, under the duection of Captain PI. W.
Benham and Lieutenant James St. C. Morton,
| such sum of money as may be necessary, not to
exceed five thousand six hundred and six dollars
and sixty cents, out of the sum of money hereto-
fore appropriated as aforesaid: Provided, That no
sura or sums of money shall be paid under this
i resolution except such as shall be certified to be
i just and equitable by General M. C. Meigs.
, Approved, June 14, 3662.
No. 35.—Joint Resolution to change the Name of
the Barque " Quebec" to the '' General Burn-
side."
Resolved by the Senate and House cf Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
i assembled, That the name of the barque "U,ue-
i bee," late of Kingston, Canada, be changed to
, that of "General Burnside,"of Clayton, New
No. 38—Joint Resolution relative to a certain
Grant of Land for Railroad Purposes, made to
the State of Michigan in eighteen hundred and
fifty-six.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the woids " Wisconsin State
line," in the first section of an act entitled " An
act making a grant of lands to the State of Michi-
gan, in alternate sections, to aid in the const! no-
tion of railroads m said State," approved June
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, shall, with-
out forfeiture Jo said State or its assigns of any
rights or benefits under said act, or exemption
from any of the conditions or obligations imposed
thereby, be construed to authorize the location of
the line of railroad provided for in said act from
Marquette, on Lake Superior, to the Wisconsin
State line, upon any eligible route from the town-
ship of Marquette aforesaid, to a point on the
Wisconsin State line, near the mouth of the Mo-
nomonee river, and touching at favorable points
on Green Hay, with a view of securing a railroad
available for military purposes from Green Bay
to the waters of Lake Supeiior. And the line of
railroad as now located in pursuance of said act
from Marquette to the Wisconsin State line, ac-
cording to the records of the General Land Office,
is heieby authorized to be changed so as to con-
foim to the route above indicated; which line,
when surveyed and the maps and plans thereof
filed in the proper office, as lequired under said
act of June third, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
shall confer the same rights upon and benefits to
the State of Michigan and its assigns in said new
line, as though the same had been originally lo-
cated under said act.
Sec. 2. And be it further n wived, That the pro-
visions of an act of Congress, approved August
fourth, eighteen bundled and fifty-two, entitled
41 An act to grant the right of way to all rail and
plank roads and McAdamizcd turnpikes passing
through the public lands belonging to the United
States," be, and the same are hereby, extended
so as to be applicable to the new line of railroad
so as above to be located: Provided, The same
shall be commenced within two years from the
fourth day of August, eighteen hundred and
