1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
* m*
there is anything in public rumor—and I am not
going to place any great reliance on it—those
contiacts are subject to censure, and ought to be
scanned pretty closely before the Government
adopts them as a criterion to measure the com-
pensation to be paid to other railroads. I do not
object to paying these railroads all the damages
they have suffered in consequence of the violence
done to their property by the rebels growing out
of its use and occupation by the Government; but
I think that the mode of compensation has no sort
of analogy to the injuries they have received, and
I am opposed to this mode of doing it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think, Mr. President, that
the Senator from New Hampshire is mistaken in
the idea that these roads agreed to carry the Gov-
: ernment freight and troops free. I think the com-
mittee themselves are somewhat in the dark about
that. They agreed that the roads should be a free
highway, but they never agreed to do the work,
to find the rolling stock, and do the entire busi-
ness of the Government for nothing. They sim-
ply agreed that the Government should have a free
right of way over the road.
Mr. HALE. The Senator will indulge me for
a moment. The preamble of this joint resolution
quotes the following clause from the act of Con-
gress making grant of lands:
<• The lands hereby granted to said State shall be subject
to the disposal of ttie Legislature thereof, for the purposes
aforesaid and no other; and the said railroads shall be and
remain public highways tor the use of the Government of
the United States, free from toll or other charge."
Mr. POMEROY; As a highway, that is true;
but they never agreed to find the rolling stock and
do the business. The Government has a right at
any time to put cars on these roads and do its own
business, in consequence of the reservation in the
act granting the land; but the railroad companies
ueveragreed, in consideration of receiving the land,
to find cars and stock, and be at the entire expense
of doing business for the Government. My point
is, simply, that the Government has a light to
use these roads, if it will find its own rolling stock
and pay the expenses. They are free to the Gov-
ernment to use in that way; but that the compa-
nies should be obliged for all time to come, in con-
sequence of receiving public lands, to do the work,
tofind the hands,find the cars,and bankruptthem-
selves, never was contemplated in the contract,
and it is not a part of the engagemen t. They have
a right to compensation; not only these roads, but
the Illinois roads and other roads have the same
right to a fair compensation for the work, not for
the use of the track, but for the actual work they
do, the same as though they had no t received public
lands.
Mr. HALE. If that is the construction, this
bill is more defective than I thought it was when
I first objected to it, because it goes on to assign
as a limit to payment to these roads, where we
have a right to the track, the same compensation
as the roads where we have no such right.
Mr. CLARK. I want to call the attention of
the Senate to the fourteenth, fifteenth, and seven-
teenth lines of this resolution, in these words:
"Which adjustment and liquidation shall preclude any
further claim on behalf of such companies against the Gov-
ernment on account of anyclaim for compensation or dam-
ages pieviousiy accrued."
As J understand this resolution, you propose to
put it into the hands of the Secretary of War to
settle with these roads for any damages which
may have accrued to them by the rebels. That I
understand to be the fair interpretation of the res-
olution, and I think the Senate should hesitate be-
fore they do a thing of that kind. When you have
done this by this resolution, you will have com-
plaints and claims for damages from other roads;
and when you have once authorized your Secre-
tary of "War to settle these damages, you will find
it difficult to resist other claims for damages. The
principle which I understand we have hitherto
held to in regard to settling claims of this kind
has been that whenever the position of our troops
or the movements of our Army have been such i n
the occupation of property, or where the position
of the property has been such as to attract the at-
tention of the enemy, so that it was thereby de-
stroyed in consequence of our movements, we are
liable to pay; but when no movement of our Army,
or no action of ours has called the attention of the
public enemy to it, and it has been destroyed, we
fire not liable to pay. I think Congress has always
reserved to itself the power of deciding whether it
would pay such claims; but by this resolution you
propose to put it in the hands of the Secretary of
War. 1 think it is a very dangerous precedent to
set. I think the resolution should be very care-
fully looked at in that particular, because if we
open the door to these claims we may have a per-
fect deluge of then^ and we may be swept away
before we know it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, the very
objection urged by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] I really find an objection my-
self in this resolution, although for a different
reason from that presented by him. I think that
the compensation intended to be allowed under
the resolution before us, is trammeled too much
by conditions. It is true that the Judiciary Com-
mittee in the House of Representatives have de-
cided that the Government is under no legal obli-
gation to pay these roads; but under the peculiar
circumstances existing in Missouri, and owing to
the fact that the Government early last summer
took military possession of these roads, and has
compelled them to transport property for the Gov-
ernment in preference to property for private in-
dividuals, and in consideration of the fact that the
Government has undertaken to prescribe what
shall be carried upon these roads, and what shall
not be carried, they, as I understand, have come
to the conclusion thattbey ought to be paid within
certain limits for the work they have done for the
Government. I do not propose to argue that the
Judiciary Committee of the House of Represent-
atives has mistaken the law. In the first place
I am not able to do so; and in the second place,
even if I were able to refute the argument of the
Judiciary Committee in their very able report on
the subject, it is not necessary in order to induce
the Senate to pass the resolution under consider-
ation.
There is a great deal of force in what fell from
the lips of the Senator from Kansas; and I desire
to direct the attention of Senators fora momentto
the legislation on this subject. Legislation of this
character commenced at a very early day. The
first act that I find upon the suljject was passed on
the 2d day of March, 1827. It was an act grant-
ing land for the purpose of constructing a canal to
connect the Illinois river with Lake Michigan.
That bill provided that " said canal, when com-
pleted, shall be, and forever remain, a public high-
way for the use of the Government of the United
States, free from any toll or charge whatever for
any property of the United States, or persons in
their service, passing through the same." At a
subsequent date, in 1833, this act was amended so
as to authorize the land previously granted for a
canal to be used ill constructing a railroad, "and
provided that if a railroad is made in place of a
canal, the Government of the United States shall
be entitled to have the same privilege on said rail-
road which they would have had through the
canal if it had been opened.''
With the exception of some grants of lands to
turnpike companies, upon the same principles con-
tained in the grant to the Illinois canal, I find no
other legislation upon the subject until 1850; and
the act of 1850 contains the same clauses that are
contained in the railroad grants now under con-
sideration. I refer to the very extensive grant of
lands made to what is termed the Illinois Central
railroad. That grant was evidently made with
the pi ovisions of the cefrial grant previously spoken
of before the author of the bill, because it is re-
ferred to, and the language is common. The pro-
vision is:
{< And the said inilroad and branches shall be and remain
a public highway for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted Slates, tree fiom toll or other chaige upon the transpor-
tation of any property or troops of th« United States."
I believe that the grants that have been made
in all of the western States since the passage of
the act of 1850, contain the language included in
that act which I have just read.
In 1850 these grants of land were made to the
State of Missouri for the construction of a rail-
road from the Mississippi river to the Missouri
river, and for the construction of a road fromthe^
city of St. Louis to the southwestern borders of
the Slate of Missouri. The Legislature that met
in the winter of 1852, in Missouri, appropriated
these lands to the construction of the Hannibal
and St. Joseph railroad, about two hundred and
ten miles in length, which had been chartered, if
I recollect aright, at the session of 1846, and
granted the lands intended for the construction of
a" road from St. Louis to the south western'borders
of the State to the Pacific road, which had been
chartered at the session of 1848. The Pacific Rail-
road Company contemplated the construction of
two lines of road—one along the south bank of
the Missouri river,from St. Louis to Kansas City,
and the other diverging from that road thirty-
seven miles west of St.XiOuis, leaving at a point
called Franklin, and passing to the southwest
borders of the State. The land was appropriated
by the Legislature to the construction of this most
southern branch of the road, which is called the
southwest branch. That company has constructed
one hundred and eighty-nine miles of the main
branch of the road, from St. Louis to Sedalia;
and they have constructed seventy-seven miles' of
the branch road, at a cost, in the construction of
the two branches up to the present day, of up-
wards of thirteen millions of dollars. The Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road has been completed for
the last four or five years, entirely through from
Hannibal to St. Joseph. The grantof land to the
Hannibal and St. Joseph road was about six hun-
dred thousand acres, consisting of alternate sec-
tions for six miles on each side of the road. The
grant of lands to the Pacific Railroad Company
amounted to about eight hundred thousand acres.
I wish to call the attention of Senators for one
moment to the terms contained in these grants of
land. By the act of Congress of 1852, it is pro-
vided that, unless these railroads are fully com-
pleted within ten years from the time of the grant,
the lands should revert to the Government of the
United States, and the railroad company should
sell no more of them. It is further provided in
the grant that the railroad companies in question
to which these grants may be made by the Legis-
lature of the State shall not be permitted to sell
the alternate sections of land which may be granted
to them, except along a line of twenty miles after
the road shall have been completed for that twenty
miles, and so on to the end of the road—notpermit-
ting the companies to sell the lands immediately,
anil use the proceeds in the construction of the
roads; but requiring them to complete twenty
miles of the road, and then permitting them to
sell the lands on each side of the twenty miles,
and not beyond that point.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask the gentleman
does that grant provide that ill case these lands on
each side of the road have been sold, they shall
be allowed to substitute others? Had they not a
right to take other lands for them ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Those that had been sold
by the company ?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir. Suppose they
had made twenty miles of the road, and much of
the land on each side had been sold by the Gov-
ernment: does not the grant give them the right to
take other lands ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I think not, sir. Those
were not the terms of the grant of 1852. However,
I am not positive, and will not speak positively oh
that subject; but my remembrance is, and I had
something to do in the Legislature of Missouri with
reference to these grants, that they had no right
whatever to go beyond the limits of the six miles
on each side.
Mr. COLLAMER. As that grant was for cer-
tain alternate sections within six or five miles of
the road, if that land had been sold, I supposed
they could take it anywhere within fifteen miles.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume I am mistaken,
and that the Senator from Yermon t is correct. My
, colleague, General Wilson, tells me he thinks I
j am mistaken. I have stated, however, the aggre-
| gate amount of lands that fell into the ownership
I of these roads, or the limited ownership, as it may
! be called, by these grants
I Now, sir, to the point >i, question, and that is,
the equity and justice ol .'us claim on the part of
these roads. There is n-. thing clearer, to my mind,
in the world. I will take the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and spend just one moment on the justice of
the claim of that company. Here are two hundred
and sixty miles of road that have been, for the last
j six or eight months, almost exclusively employed
| by the Government of the United States. Why
are we asked to deny payment for the transporta-
I tion of property for the Government over this
j immense line of road?
! It will be recollected that this Pacific Railroad
; Company has been compelled to transport over
