422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LJuly 12,
37th Coxg....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
sixty-two, and shall bo completed within five
years thereafter.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to cause all even sections or parts of
even sections of public lands that may be brought
within six miles of the new line of railroad, as
herein provided for, to be sold at the same price
and in the same manner those have or might have
been, according to the said act of June third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, upon the origin-
ally located route of railroad. And all purchasers,
or their heirs op assigns, within the six mile limits
of said originally loeated route, who shall be more
than six miles from the new line of route hereby
authorized, and who have paid the sum of two dol-
lars and fifty cents an acre, shall have the right
either to exchange their locations upon the line
as first established to the new line upon the same
terms, in like .quantities, and in the s.nTie mannei,
as on the line first established, as aforesaid, or at
their option to enter," without further payment,
anywhere within the Marquette land district, in
the State of Michigan, or thatof the Grand Trav-
erse land district, in said State, lying north or
west of Lake Michigan, an additional quantity of
public lands subject to private entry, at one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents an acre, equal to the
quantity entered by them at two dollars and fifty
cents per acre, so that the lands originally en-
tered by them shall be thus reduced to the rate of
one dollar and twenty-five cents an acre.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further resolved, That the even
sections of public lands reserved to the United
States by the aforesaid act of June third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, along the originally located
route of the Marquette and Wisconsin State Line
Railroad Company, except where such sections
shall fall within six miles of the new line of road
so as aforesaid proposed to be located, and along
which no railroad has been constructed, shall
hereafter be subject to sale at one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further resolved, That upon the
filing in the General Land Office of the lists of said
raihoad lands, in whole or in part, as now se-
lected and certified in the General Land Office,
with the certificate of the Governor of the State
of Michigan, under the seal of th6 State, that said
State and its assigns surrender all claim Xo the
lands, as aforesaid, set forth and described in the
hsls thereof thus ceitified, and tiiat the kamchave
never been pledged or sold or in anywise incum-
bered, then the State of Aliehigan or us assigns
shall be entitled to receive a like quanfity of land,
selected in like manner, upon the new line of road
as thus surrendered upon the first line, and to the
extent of six sections per mile m the aggregate
for every mile of the new line, according to the
general provisions of the act of June third, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six. And it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to re offer for public sale, in the usual man-
ner, the lauds embraced in the lists of surrendered
lands aforesaid, when duly filed in his office, as
herein'directed.
Approved, July 5, 18C2.
No. 39.— A Resolution tendering the Thanks of
Congress to Captain Louis M. Goldsborotigh,
and Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen, and Ma-
rines under his command, for the Victory at
Roanoke Island.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the Vnited Slates of America in Congress
a.«c iWed,Thjtthcthanksof Congress be, and they
are heieby, tendeied to CaptainLouisM.Golds-
boiough,and through him to the officers, petty offi-
cers, seamen, and marmesattachedtothe squadron
under his command, for the brilliant and decisive
victory ach ieved atRoanoke Island on the seventh,
eighth, and tenth days of February last.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
No. 40.—A Resolution expressive of the Thanks
of Congress to Lieutenant J. L. Worden, of
the United States Navy, and to the Officers and
Men under his command in the Monitor.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the bruited States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress and of the
American people are due and are hereby tendered
to Lieutenant J. L. Worden, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men of the iron-clad
gunboat Monitor, under his command, for the
skill and gallantry exhibited by them m the late
remarkable battle between the Monitor and the
rebel iron-clad steamer Merrimack.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, That the Pros- j
ident of the United States be requested to cause
this resolution to be communicated to Lieutenant
"Worden, and through him to the officers and men
under his command.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
No. 41.—A Resolution of Thanks to Captain
David G. Farragut, of the United States Navy,
and to the Officers and Men under his com-
mand.
Rtbolct'd by the Senate and House vf Rep) esent-
alives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of the people and of
the Congress of the United States are due and are
hereby tendered to Captain David G. Farragut,
of the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command, composing his squad-
ron in the Gulf of Mexico, for their successful
operations on the lower Mississippi river, and for
their gallantry displayed in the capture of Forts
Jackson and St. Philip, and the city of New Or-
leans, and in the destruction of the enemy's gun-
boats and armed flotilla.
Sec. 2. And beit further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be directed to communicate
this resolution to Captain Farragut, and through
him to the officers and men under his command.
Approved, July 1J, 1862.
No. 42.—A Resolution for the Relief of the Offi-
cers, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Privates
of the Battalion of Marines on board the Trans-
port Governor on the third of November, 1861.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Ametica in Congress
assembled, That the sum of seven thousand one
hundred and sixty-three dollars and fifty-one cents
be, and the same is hereby, appiopriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to compensate the officeis, iimi-commis-
sioned officers, and privates who composed the
marine battalion attached to the Port Royal naval
expedition under Flag-Officer Do Pont, for the
losses of their personal effects by the foundering
of the steamer Governor, in which they weie em-
barked, on the third of November last; and that
the Secretary of the Navy cause the said sum, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, to be paid
to them according to the estimated value of their
personal effects lost in the manner aforesaid.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
No. 43.—A Resolution to compensate the Crew
of the United States Steamer Varuna, for Cloth-
ing and other Property lost in the public ser-
vice.
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, author-
ized, m settling the accounts of the petty officers,
seamen, and others of the crew of the United
States steamer Varuna, which was sunk during
the engagement near New Orleans on or about
the twenty-fourth day of April, eighteen hundred
and sixty^two, to crcdit eacli of ihem with the
amount of sixty dollars to cover their losses of
bedding, clothing, and other property, occasioned
by the sinking of the said steamer.
Approved, July 11, 3862.
No. 44.—Joint Resolution providing for th& dis-
tribution of Surplus Copies of the Biennial Re-
gister for eighteen hundred and sixty-one among
the several Bureaus in the Executive Depart-
ments.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represcnl-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secietary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to dis-
tribute to each of the several bureaus in the .Ex-
ecutive Departmental one or more copies of the
hienmal Register for eighteen hundred and sixty-
one and eighteen hundred and sixty-two, from the
suiplus copies now d< posited in the Interior De-
partment: Provided, That the number of copies
deliveied to anyone bureau shall not exceed two
copies.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
No. 51.—A Resolution to suspend all Payments
un Jer the Act approved twenty-fifth of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled " An
Act to secure to the Officers and Men actually
employed m the Western Department or De-
partment of Missouri, their Pay, Bounty, and
Pension," and for other puiposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Amcrica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to suspend ail
payments under the act approved twenty-fifth
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled
"An act to secure to the officers and men actually
employed m the western department, or depart-
ment of Alissouri, their pay, bounty, and pen-
sionand that there shall be appointed by the
Piesident, immediately after the passage of this
resolution, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, three commissioners, to examine ail
claims arising under the provisions of that act,
and report the same, with the facts connected
therewith, to the Secretary of War; said commis-
sioneis to have such compensation f"r their ser-
vices as the Secretary of War may consider just
and reasonable: Provided, That said commission-
ers shall be required to examine and report within
sixty days after the passage of this resolution
upon all such claims as may be presented by per-
sons claiming to have been organized or employed
in the State of Missouri, and to have performed
service according to the provisions of the said re-
cited act, whereupon payments shall be made as
recommended by said commissioners, and as re-
quired by said act: And provided further, That
within ninety days from the passage of this res-
olution the said commissioners slktll examine and
report upon all other claims ansiug under thea^t
aforesaid, when payments shall be made as herein
prescribed.
Approved, July 12, 1S62.
No. 52.—A Resolution to provide for the present-
ation of " Medals of Honor" to the Enlisted
Men of the Army and Volunteer Forces who
have distinguished or may distinguish them-
selves in Battle during the present Rebellion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the bulled Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United Suites
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause two
thousand 44 medals of honor" to be prepared wirh
suitable cmblematicdevices,and to direct that the
same be presented, in the name of Congress, to
such non-commissioned officeis and pi nates ns
shall most distinguish themselves by their gallan-
try in action, and other soldier-lik'-'quahnes din-
ing the present insurrection. And that thp sum
of ten thousand dollarsbe,and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
carrying this resolution into effect.
Approved, July 12, 1862.
No. 53.—A Resolution in relation to Contracts
with the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of- the Cnited States of America in, Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of tfte several
Executive Departments of the Government to
publish m one of the daily newspapers of the city
of Washington, of Tuesday of each week, a list
of all contracts which shall have been solicited or
proposed to each, tespecnvely, during the week
next preceding, which list shall state briefly the
subject matter of each contract so solicited oi pro-
posed to be made, its terms, the name of the pro-
posed contractor and of all persons known to he
interested therein, directly or indirectly, and oi
all persons who solicit, request, or i < commend the
making of any such contract: Provided, Thar
the foregoing provision shall not he applicable to
bids made in pursuance of advertisements for
contracts or purchases made under exiting laws,
