1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
but shall apply to all proposed modifications of I
existing coutrac's, ' '
Approved, July 12, 1862.
No. 54.—A Resolution relating to the Compensa-
tion of Senators elected or appointed to fill
vacancies.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in all cases of a vacancy in either
House of Congress, by death or otherwise, of
any member elected or appointed thereto, after
the commencement of the Congress to which he
shall have been elected, each person afterwards
elected or appointed to fill such vacancy shall be
compensated and paid from the time that the com-
pensation ot' his predecessor ceased: Provided,
That no member shall receive for his compensa-
tion more than three thousand dollarsfor any one
year.
A-pproved, July 12, 1862.
  *>
No. 35.—A Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish extra Clothing to
Sick, Wounded, and other Soldiers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized to furnish extra clothing to
all sick, wounded, and other soldiers who may
have lost the same by the casualties of war, under
such rules and regulations as the Department may
prescribe, during the existence of the present in-
surrection.
Approved, July 12, 1862.
No. 56.—A Joint Resolution authorizing the State
of Minnesota to change the line of certain
Branch Railroads in said State, and for other
purposes.
"Whereas by an act of Congress, approved
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
there was granted to the Territory of Minnesota
lands to aid in the construction of a railioad from
Stillvvatei, via St. Paul and St. Anthony, to a
point between the foot of Big Stone Lake and the
mouth of Sioux Wood river, with a branch, via
St. Cloud and Crow Wing, to the navigable wa-
ters of the Red River of the North, and the north-
ern terminus of which was fixed by the Legisla-
ture of said Territory at St. Vincent; and whereas
it is now believed that the public interests require
a change of location of it part of said branch
road: Therefore,
B> it resolved bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congrtss
assembled, That in lieu of that part of the railroad
grant to Minnesota Territory by act of Congress,
approved third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, which extends north westerly from the
intei section of the tenth stamlaid paiallel with
the fourth guide meridian, there shall be gianted
to the State of Minnesota the alternate sections
within six mile limits of such new branch line
of route as the authorities of the State may desig-
nate having iis southwestern terminus at any
point 0,1 the existing lme, between the Falls of
kaint Anthony and Ciow Wing, and ending ,
in a northeasterly direction to thewatusof Lake
Superior, with a right of indemnity between the |
fifteen mile limits thereof, provided this resolu-
tion shall take effect from the filing m the Gen-
eral Land Office of the acceptance by the authoi-
ities aforesaid of such substitution; whereupon
the land north of the intersection aforesaid in
the giant as authorized by the said act of thn<i
March, eightpen hundred and fifty-seven, being
bv said acceptance disincumbered of the railroad
grant, shall be dealt with as other public lands of
the United States.
Approved, July 12, 1862.
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is here-
by, directed to issue a register therefor.
Approved, July 14, 1862. „
No. 58.—Joint Resolution to declare the meaning
of " An Act to authorize the President of the
United States in certain cases to take posses-
sion of Railroad and Telegraph Lines, and for
other purposes," approved January thirty-first,
eighteen-hundred and sixty-two, and to repeal
a part of said Act.
Resolved by the Senate and Bonse of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That an act entitled " An act to author- |
izc the President of the "United States in certain
cases to take possession of railroad and telegraph
lines, and for other purposes," approved Janu-
ary thirty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
shall not be so construed as to authorize the con-
struction of any railroad, or the completion of
any line of road, the greater part of which re-
mained uncompleted at the time of the approval
of said act, or to engage in any work of railroad
construction. And so much of said act as author-
izes the President of the United States to extend
and complete any railroad is hereby repealed.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
No. 59.—Joint Resolution to grant Pensions to
Masters and other Officers upon the Gunboats
in the service of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the masteis serving oil boa id 0
gunboats employed 111 the service of the United
States shall be entitled to all the benefits, includ-
ing bounty and pension, provided for 111 an act
entitled "An act to grant pensions," passed
during the present session of Congress, and the
widows, mothers, and heirs of such officers shall
be entitled to all the benefits of said act.
Approved, July 16, 1802.
No. 60.—Joint Resolution tendering theThanks of
Congress to Captain And re w H. 1( oote, of the
United States Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congmss
assembled, Tlmt the tWnks of Congas* be, and
the same are hereby, tendered to Captain An-
drew 1-1. Foote, of tUo United States Navy, foi
his eminent services and gallantry at Fort Henry,
Fort Donelrfon and Island No. Ten, while in cout-
maud. of the naval forces of the United states.
Jind be it further resolved, That the President or
the United States be,and he is hereby, requeste d
to transmit a certified copy of the foregoing leso-
lution to Captain Footo.
Approved, July 1G, 1862.
w0 57—A Resolution to change the Name of
the Schooner Sally McGee to that of Ocean
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America inss ;
'assembled, That the name of the schoone Sally .
McGee, late of Baltimore, Maryland, Ie, a .
the same i# hereby, changed to that of the^Oceai
Eagle, of Perth Amboy, New Jersey, and that il
No 61 Joint Resolution requiring tile Super-
intendent of Metnpolitan Police to pay over
certain Moneys collected for Fines and lenal-
tics, to constitute a Contingent Fund for certain .
purposes. _ I
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of Aine; iea in Congress
assembled, That the superintendent ot metrtpoli-
tan police of the Distuct of Columbia shall pay
over all such moneys as may be paid to him un-
der the act of Congress entitled "An act to pio-
vide foi the payment of fines and penalties col-
feted by or paid the justices of the peace in the
District of Columbia, under the acts of Coiigiess,
approved the third and fifth of August, eighteen
hundred and sixtv-one, and for other puiyosefs],
to the treasurer 6f the Board of said Metrtpoli-
nn Police, in whose hands the same shall coil
stitutc a " contingeiitfund" to be disbursed under
the order, and for such purposes as the said Boaid
of Police may direct
Approved, July 16i 1862.
be practicable, employ the convicts therein in
the manufacture of shoes for the use of the Army
and Navy, to be made as tluVWar and Navy
Departments shall direct; oideis for which shall
be, by said Departments, given to the warden
from time to time upon liis request; the shoes
to he paid for by said Departments ordering the
same at the customary rate for shoes of like
quality.
Sec. 2. Am! be it /tirl/ier rcsoJueii, That all
prisoners that may hereafter be confined in said
penitentiary for ti term of years, who conduct
themselves so that no charge for misconduct shall
be sustained against them, shall have a deduction
of one month 111 each year made front the term
of their sentence, and shall be entitled to their
discharges much the sooner, upon the certificate
of the warden of their goqd conduct, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior.
Approved, July 17, 3862.
No. 63.—Joint Resolution explanatory of" "An
Act to suppress Insurrection, to punish Trea-
son and Rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
Property of Rebels, and for other purposes."
Resolved by the. Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
<isscm6(«(,That the provisions of the third clausc
of the fifth section of " An act to suppress insur-
rection, to punish treason ami rebellion, to seize
and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes," shall be so construed as not to apply to
any act or acts done prior to the passage thereof;
nor to include any member of a State Legislature,
or judge of any State court, who has nut in ac-
cepting or entering upon liis ofiice, taken an oath
to support the constitution of the so-called " con-
federate States of America;" nor shall any pun-
ishment or proceedings under said act be so con-
struetl as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of
the offender beyond his natural life.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
iMo 64.—Joint Resolution to amend section sev-
enty-seven of "All Act to provide Internal
Revenue to support the Government and to pay
luteicst 011 the Public Debt," and for other pur-
pOfU'H.
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the 'United Slates of America in Congress
I assembled, That section seventy-seven of an act
entitled "An net to provide internal revenue to
! support the Government and to pay interest oil
! the public debt," be, and the same is hereby,
amended by striking out the word " May ami
inserting " August."
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, 1 hat all the
sections of an act entitled « An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government audio
pay interest on the public debt, which leqtiiie
1 uny matter or thing to be done on or before the
! first day of July or August, eighteen hundred an.
i: sixty-two, shall be so amended and changed that
!; said matters or things may be so done on or he-
ll fore any other day in the year eighteen htindi -d
h and sixty-two not later than the lust day of Oc-
!| tobei, eighteen hundred-ty-;-", whieh
No. 62.—A Resolution regulating he employ-
ment of Convicts m the Penitentiary of the
District of Columbia for their improvement and
benefit. n ,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America m
Zmblcd, That the warden of the pe.i.tent.a.y
of the District of Columbia shall, so fai as nwy
i tobei, 01211 toun uuuuicu « «« ■ , > CI
f may be, fixed and determined upon by the SeciL-
| tarv of the Treasury, if in his judgment a ater
day should be so fixed ill order to put said at
! ;ul0 practical operation, and all parts uf sa d act
I having reference to the said dates ot the lu st days
! of July and August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
! two, shall be taken and construed as having u fur
i ence to the said day which may be so fixed and
! determined upon: Provided, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall give public notice of the
I day so fixed and determined upon, m sucliman-
li nev as lie may deem expedient.
II Approncd, July Vh 186^.
No 65.—A Resolution in relatiomto the Law of
1' ' Piixe.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
i' atives of the United States of America m ^'lfcs"
assembled, That hereafter all moneys ausing ti om
i U„ Lk of property under the prize aws ot the
'i 1 « S ates, Whether under interlocutory or
" f I ,Wree shall be paid by the marshal into the
P Treasury of the United States for safe-keeping
" immediately after the day of sale, instead of the
