424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
3Ytii Cong..-..2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
registry of the court, less th*e costs and disburse-
ments sworn to by the marshal and tax^d by the
court; and every clerk of a United States court
now having any such moneys in hand shall im-
mediately pay the same into the Treasury of the
United States, less the costs and disbursements
to be sworn to and taxed as aforesaid, and upon
a final decree of condemnation or restitution, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and he'is hereby authorized to pay over the
same upon the order of the proper court, and no
more shall be retained by any clerk from money
received and paid over by him under this resolu-
tion as commissions or otherwise, than one per
centum upon the first one thousand dollars in
each case, and one fourth of one per centum on
the excess above that sum, not, however, to ex-
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars in any case.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
No. 66.—A Resolution releasing to the Heirs at
Law of Robert X.. Stevens, deceased, all the
right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to Stevens's Battery.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That al! the right, title, and interest of
the United States, in and to Stevens's battery be,
and the same are hereby, released and conveyed
to the heirs at law of the said Robert L. Stevens
or their legal representatives.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
No. 67.—A.Rcsolution to repeal and modify sec-
tions two and three of an Act entitled " An Act
to settle the Titles to certain Lands set apart for
the use of certain Hnlf-Breed Kansas Indians in
Kansas Territory," approved May twenty-six,
eighteen hundred and sixty, and to repeal part
of section one of said act.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That sections two and three of an act
entitled i( An act to settle the titles to certain lands
set apart for the use of certain half-breed Kansas
Indians in Kansas Territory," approved May
twenty-six, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty, and so much of the first section as author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to decide what
persons {ire hciis to deceased reservees as men-
tioned therein be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
No. 68.—Joint Resolution further to provide for
the Compensation of Members of Congress.
Resolved by the Se7iate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That, until the further order of Con-
gress, the Secretary of the Senate and the Ser-
grat-at-Ai ms of the House are directed to receive,
as a valid excuse for absence from duty in Con-
gress, active employment in military service for
the suppression of the rebellion without pay.
'Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved, That when
any Senator or Representative shalL hereafter
witiuiiaw from his seat in anticipation of the ad-
journment of Congress and before the adjourn-
ment and does not return, he shall, in addition to
the sum now deducted for each day, forfeit a fur-
ther sum equal to the mileage now allowed by law
for his return home, and it shall be deducted fiom
lu.y compensation, unless where said withdrawal
is with the leave of the Senate or House of Rep-
resentatives respectively.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
No. 59.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to expend, from a fund in
the United Stores Treasury belonging to the
"Winnebago Indians, t lie sum of fifty thousand
dollais, or so much thereof as may be neces-
saiy, for the benefit of said Indians. |
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent- \
a'.iccs of the United States of America in Congress ,
assembled, Thai the Secretary of the inUrior b^, I
and he is hereby, authorized to expend, fiom a \
fund in the TiiMHiiry of the United States belong- i
ing to the Winnebago Indians, the sum of fifty j
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may be {
necessai y, to make such improvements upon their 1
lands and purchase such stock and agricultural
implements as their necessities may require, and
that the amount so expended shall be replaced
from the proceeds of the sales of the lands be-
longing to said Indians, which the Government
is now authorized to sell by virtue of an existing
treaty with said Indians.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
No. 70.—A Resolution to regulate the Compen-
sation for paying Pensions.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That agents for paying pensions shall
receive two per centum on ail disbursements made
by them to pensioners of the United States: Pro-
videdf That the aggregate compensation to any
one agent, paying both Army and Navy pensions,
shall not exceed two thousand dollars per annum.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
No. 71.—A Resolution making further Appropri-
ations for the Currentand Contingent Expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
Treaty Stipulations with the various Indian
Tribes, for the year ending June thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three.
Whereas certain appropriations agreed to by
the Senate of the United States as amendments to
the " Act (H. R. 260) making appropriations for
the currentand contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, "approved July fifth,eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, were accidentally omitted to be sent
to the House of Representatives for concurrence
therein; and whereas said appropiiations are ne-
cessary to be made: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives-ofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes:
For Indian service in Nevada Territory:
For pay of interpreter, five hundred dollars.
For presents of goods and clothing to Indians,
to be expended by the superintendent of Indian
affciiis, five thousand dollars.
For incidental expenses in Nevada Territory,
including office and traveling expenses, two thou-
sand dollars.
For Indian service in Colorado Territory:
For pay of interpreter, five hundred dollars.
For presents of goods and clothing to Indians,
to be expended by the superintendent of Indian
affairs, five thousand dollars.
For incidental expenses in Colorado Territory,
including office and tiaveling expenses, two thou-
sand dollars.
For the Indian service in Utah Territory for
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three:
For interpreter for Shoshonees, one thousand
dollars.
Foi interprcterfor Utahs, one thousand dollars.
For mterpretei for Ruby Valley agency, five
hundred dollars.
For interpreter for Fort Bridgcr agency, five
hundred dollars.
For interpreter for Spanish Fork agency, live
hundred dollars.
For presents of goods and clothing to Indians,
to be expended by the superintendent of Indian
affairs, five thousand dollars.
For incidental expenses in Utah Territory, in-
cluding office and traveling expenses, two thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, July 17, 1862
of Kansas, by sealed bids, be, and the same are,
postponed until the fourth day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, any treaty or law to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
PRIVATE ACTS.
Chap. VII.—An Act for the Relief" of the Owner
of the British ship " Perthshire."
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the order of the proper functionary of Her Bri-
tannic Majesty's Government, the sum of one
thousand dollars, in full compensation to the
owner of the British ship " Perthshire" ill conse-
quence of her detention by the United States
steamer " Massachusetts," in June last, under
the impression that she had unlawfully evaded
the blockade of the port of Mobile.
Approved, January 17, 18G2.
Chap. XVI.—An Act for the Relief of William
Y. Strong.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States vf America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized and required to pay to
William Y. Strong, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, fifty dol-
lars; being the amount so by him paid into the
public Treasury on the twenty-seventh of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and forty-five.
Approved, January 31, 1862.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Philip
Speyer & Co., of the City of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
I assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to cause two certificates of the
loan of eighteen hundred and forty-eight, of one
thousand "dollars each, with coupons of semi-an-
nual interest from the first of July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, attached thereto, to be issued
to Philip Speyer & Co., or bearer, to replace that
number of similar certificates, the property of said
Speyer & Co., viz.: number one thousand and
fifty-eight, issued to Corcoran &Riggs, or bearer,
September first, eighteen bundled and foi ty-eight,
and number eleven hundred and twenty-nine,
issued to R. L. Stuart, or bearer, September ninth,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, which were
mailed at Frankfort-on-the-Main, in Germany,
for New York, on the third day of February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with the coupons
from said first of July, eighteefi hundred and fifty-
four, attached, and were never received in New
York, and are therefore supposed to be lost or
destroyed: Provided, That before the issue of such
new certificates said Philip Speyer & Co. shall
furnish to the acceptance of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury such bond or bonds of indemnity
as is usually required by the regulations of the
Treasury Department for the issue of duplicate
certificates of inscribed stock.
Approved, Februaiy 1,1, 18(12.
No. 72.—A Resolution suspending the sale, by
Sealed Bids, of the Lands of the Kansas and
Sac and Fox Indians.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the sales of the lands of the Kan-
sas and Sac and Fox tribes of Indians of the State
Chap. XLU.—An Act for the Relief of Z. B.
Cavcrly, late Secretary of Legation at Lima,
Peru.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of nineteen hundred and eighty-eight dollars
to the said Z. B. Caveily, late secretary of lega-
tion at Lima, Peru, for his services and expenses
as special messenger from Lima to Washington
in eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, and eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, that being the amount of the per diem and
expensesof said messenger, after deducting there-
from his salary for the time of such service as sec-
retary of legation.
Approved, March 14, 1862. *
