922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
They stand upon a different footing from the rail-
road:? in the loyal States—railroads that have pel -
formed services for the Government, but have not
been injured by the performance of such services
I hope that these railroads will stand by them-
selves, and I think they have a just and valid claim
on the prompt action of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. I think justicc demands that we should
give them what is asked, and do it promptly. The
directors and managers of these roads, in order to
do the work of the Government, knowing that the
credit of their corporations was' impaired, have
incurred personal liabilities to the extent of tens
of thousands of dollars, and we have had the ben-
efit of their sacrifices. They tell us now, that
unless we make this compensation for services act-
ually performed by them for the Government of
the United States, they cannot continue longer to
run their roads or to perform these services. I
hope that they are to stand by themselves, and
that we are to vote upon the merits of their claims
against the Government, and that the railroads of
other States are not to be brought into this joint
resolution. Let them stand upon their own merits
and upon their own services, and if they want
anything let them come to Congress and ask for
it, and their cases will be examined; but to put
them upon this joint resolution at this time, when
there is an earnest and pressing and I think an
overwhelmingnecessity, for the good of the coun-
try, that Congress should act promptly upon the
claims of these two companies, will be wrong and
unjust, and I hope it will not receive the sanction
of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not ask anything of
the Congress of the United States that cannot be
claimed justly on principle. If loyal citizens in a
State in which the rebellion has existed are to be
paid for the loss of property which they have sus-
tained on account of that rebellion, loyal citizens
in a State whero the rebellion has not existed ought
to be paid. I see no reason why the Congress of
the United States should discriminate in favor of
a loyal citizen who has been so unfortunate as to
live in a rebel State; and if we now adopt the prin-
ciple of restoring to loyal citizens in the State of
Missouri the losses which they have sustained on
account of this rebellion, I suppose we shall have
to carry out that principle in Kentucky, in Vir-
ginia, and in every othe^" State where the rebellion
has existed. I prefer to place this bill on a dif-
ferent principle, and pay the companies who have
transported property and troops of the United
States for the labor which they have performed
for the Government. I see 110 reason why they
should not be paid for the labor they have per-
formed; but if they should be paid in the State of
Missouri lorperforminglaborforthc Government
of the United States, I am at a loss to see ,1 reason
why the people of Iowa and of Illinois and of
Wisconsin and of Michigan should not be paid
for the same kind of labor. If this amendment be
adopted, I shall propose an additional amendment
to insert after " troops," in the eleventh line, the
words, " not including in the estimate, interest or
the cost of construction."
I have no doubt that the suggestion made by
the Senator from Kansas is correct, that these
railroad companies contracted indirectly, through
their State governments, with the Government of
the United States, to allow their roads to be used
by the Federal Government for the transportation
of the Government property and Government
troops. They never did engage, as 1 understand
it, to transport these troops. That was 110 part
oftheircontractin accepting the land grant. They
engaged that their road should be a public high-
way, and subject to the United States for this
purpose, free from toll or pay; hut they never en-
gaged to furnish rolling stock and to furnish men
and means to transport these troops and this prop-
erty. If these companies in Missouii never en-
tered into such a contract with the Government of
the United States, wc justly owe them for the la-
bor they have performed; but we no more owe
these companies m the State of Missouri than we
own similar companies in the States of Iowa and
Illinois and other States where companies exist
to whom land grants were made.
This is the principle 011 which I shall place ray
vote; and, if the amendment is not adopted, I shall
not be able to sustain the bill. Hence my expla-
nation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa if the railroad companies in his
State, whether they have received grants of land
or not, have not already had their accounts ad-
justed, and been paid by the Secretary of War.''
Mr. HARLAN. Not that I am aware of.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am of the impression
that there is a report here of the Secretary of War
to that effect. The difficulty with these roads in
Missouri, according to my understanding, was
that there was a board appointed in Missouri,
consisting of Judge Davis, Judge Holt, and Mr.
Campbell, to which I alluded, for the settlement
of all claims arising in the management of affairs
at St. Louis under General Fremont, and that
these companies, instead of presenting the matter
to the Secretary of War and having their account
liquidated by the quartermaster's department,
took their claim and placed it before this board
of commissioners, and while the commissioners
were examining it, the committee of the House
of Representatives decided that they were not
legally entittad. My impression is that all other
railroads, whether land grant railroads, as termed
by the Judiciary Committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, or not, have received compensation
for their services. I am very sure that the Illinois
Central has; and my impression is that all the
railroads in Iowa have, whether they are land
grant roads or not. They have done very little
work in the State of Iowa in comparison with the
work done on the railroads in Missouri. I sin-
cerely hope that the Senator will consent to with-
draw the amendment, and let these roads stand
upon their own merits. I am free to say, so far
as his railroads are concerned, that if they be under
similar grants to these now under consideration, I
shall most willingly vote to allow them to be paid
the cost of the work of transportation. I do not
know the language of those grants, and I think
it improper now (and he will find it so unless he
be prepared with all the land grants in Iowa, and
the terms of those lands) to put his amendment
on the bill under consideration, and thereby pro-
vide for railroads that have received grants under
different terms and stipulations. There is an evi-
dent impropriety and impolicy in it, and I hope
he will withdraw his amendment. On these rail-
roads under consideration, I undertake to say that
scarccly anything has been transported except the
troops and property of the Federal Government
since June. They have been in military posses-
sion, and the military authorities have prescribed
what shall and what shall not be carried; at all
the principal points where arms and munitions of
war could be obtained, soldiers were stationed
and the freight examined, and they have been al-
ways required to carry the troops and the prop-
erty of the Government, and they have done it
most willingly. They felt that it was their inter-
est and their duty to do so, and as loyal men they
were prompted by their feelings of respect and of
loyalty to the Government to do so. Now, per-
haps a regiment, it may be one of those very ex-
cellent regiments from Iowa, has passed over one
of the roads in Iowa and come to our State, for
which we loyal Missourians are very thankful
indeed; but when they once get into Missouri,
they pass no more over the railroads of Iowa;
they land at Hannibal, pass up two hundred and
ten miles to St. Joseph, and 111 the course of
twenty-four hours they may go back half way
to Hannibal, and perhaps to-night a special tram
is required to move them fifteen or twenty miles
to attack a camp, and so on. That is the way our
railroads have been used by the Government. It
has been going 011 constantly, every da)' and every j j
night. All the rolling stock of the roads has been jj
in lequisition at all times for the movement of the j|
troops and the property of the Government of the ji
United States. Such has not been the case in !|
low? by any means. I am soi ry that suoli has !j
been the case in my own State, it ought not to ;
have been so; but I could not prevent it; the loyal
men of Missouri could not prevent it. We did ■;
all that we could to prevent it. We would that /
our State had remained loyal to the Govefnment :
of our fathers, reverencing the old flag, as the a
people of Iowa did. But, sir, that was not the
case. I am sorry for it. 1 regret it peihaps a great
deal more than any other man here, for I have
suffered more from it. But, sir, 1 say that these
loyal companies of the State of Missouri, who .
have been faithful to the Government in a case 1;
| of this sort, ought to be paid at least the cost of ■;
transportation. I hope that the Senator from Iowa
will not insist upon his amendment, but will allow
this measure to stand on its own merits. I piomise
him and others that if they present bills here with
merit in them for companies that received land
grants like those made to the railroads under con-
sideration,! shall most willingly vote for an allow-
ance, such as ought to be made in justice to them.
But, sir, I do not desire to have other railroads
connected with these in this joint resolution,
which may perhaps have received land grants
different terms, and the Senator from Iowa
upon
does not pretend to tell me whether the same con-
ditions are prescribed or not: I hope he will with-
draw his amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The bills granting lands to
the State of Iowa to aid m constructing railroads,
and I think also nearly all the bills making sim-
ilar grants toother western States, are literal copies
of the grant to Missouri. The principle is pre-
cisely the same. I inquire of the Senator from
Missouri why it is, then, that these railroad com- •
panies in Missouri have not been paid > If land
grant companies in Iowa, Illinois, and other States,
having received grants to aid in constructing the
roads, have been paid for all the work they have
per formed for the national Government, why have
the companies in Missouri not been paid?
Mr. HENDERSON. My understanding is that
the claim in Illinois was audited by the State au-
thorities for the Illinois Central; I think that in
Iowa the account was audited by the State author-
ities and certified to the War Department and
paid; but we had no State authorities, unfortu-
nately, iu Missouri ofa loyal character except the
convention. We met together whenever we found
it absolutely essential to meet together for the pur-
pose of maintaining the relations of the State of
Missouri to the Union; but we had no State gov-
ernment during all this time; we did not meet as
often as we ought to have done, perhaps; but we
could not meet for the purpose of adjusting a claim
of this kind. The railroad companies placed their
claims before the commission at St. Louis; and
before the commission got through the adjustment
of their claims the Committee on the Judiciary of
the other House decidcd that it was not a legal
claim. The matter has, therefore, been held up
before the board of commissioners at St. Louis,
and has been deferred; and then it was that Judge
Davis wrote the letter to which I have referred,
sayins; that he had strong opinions upon the sub-
ject of the legality of the claim; but he did not
pretend to come in conflict with the decision of the
Judiciary Committee of the House of Represent-
atives. tie now places it upon grounds of equity
and justice.
Mr. HARLAN. The claim of every other State
may be rejected on the same legal ground, unless
relieved by special legislation of Congress, and
hence the necessity of including all these compa-
nies, as it seems to me,in the same bill. I see no
necessity of discriminating in favor of Missouri,
and against the other States. The other tact pre-
sented by the Senator from Missouri in relation
to the large amount of this claim, has nothing to
do with tiie principle. It is true that the railroads
in the State of Iowa have not transported large
bodies of tioops; their claims are small, and this
may be true in other States that have received
land grants; but this would be a suggestion in favor
of the amendment I have proposed. It will not
involve the payment of largo amounts of money.
Let this bill pass, if it should pass, on principle;
pay these men for the work they have performed,
and pay all other loyal men who have performed
the same work.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Iowa presses the ease, and still he does
not know whether th'e laihoads of his State have
been paid or not. They have not come hero and
asked us to put them in the bill, and the Senator
does not know whether their claims have been
audited and allowed, or not; and still upon a bill
requiring prompt action—a bill, the passage of
which is nccessary jn order to keep these roads
running, this proposition is made. I do hope that
it will not icceive the sanction ot the Senate. It
the railroads of Illinois, of Iowa, Wisconsin, or
ol any other State, have claims for transportation
against the Federal Government, let them piesent
their claims to the pioper departments of the Go v-
einment, and if they ore not allowed let them
come to the Congress of the United States, and 1
