1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d
Chap. LX.—An Act to authorize the District
Court of the United States for the northern dis-
trict of California to hear and determine upon
its merits the Claim of Pedro Chaboya to a cer-
tain Tract of Land in California, called La Posa
San Juan Bautista.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejire-
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
' assembled, That the district court of the United
States for the northern district of California be,
and is hereby, authorized and required to hear and
decide upon the merits the claim of Pedro Chaboya
to a tract of land described in his amended peti-
tion, filed in said court on the fifteenth day of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and
called '' La Posa de San Juan Bautista," in the
same manner and with the same jurisdiction as if
the claim to the said tract of land had been duly
.presented to the board of land commissioners
under the provisions of the act entitled " An act
to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California," app/oved March third,
Anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and
an appeal-had been duly taken from their decision
to the said district court by the said Chaboya.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That on the
said hearing the testimony heretofore taken in said
court in relation to the said claim on behalf of the
said claimant, or of the United States, may be
read subject to all just exceptions to its compe-
tency, and additional testimony on either part may
betaken under the direction and order of said dis-
trict court as to the validity of said claim or the
extent thereof.
Sec . 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That an appeal
may be taken from the final decision and decree
of said district court to the Supreme Court of the
United States by either party, in accordance with
the provisions of the tenth section of the said act
of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one.
Approved, April 25,1862.
Chap. LXI.—An Act for the Relief of the Owners.
Officers, and Crew of the Danish bark " Jorgen
Lorentzen."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americam Congress
assenibled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the order of the proper functionary of the Gov-
ernment of His Majesty the ICing of Denmark,
the sum of one thousand eight hundred and fifty
dollars, as full compensation to the owners of the
Danish bark " Jorgen Lorentzen," or their legal
representatives, for damages occasioned by rea-
' son of the wrongful seizure and detention of the
said bark by the " Morning Light," a vessel of
the United States blockading squadron, in the
month of December last, and also as full compen-
sation to the master, mate, and crew of the said
bark, the said sum to be distributed agreeably to
the award of Moses Taylor and H. Dollner,
Esquires, to whom the claim was referred.
Approved, April 25,1862.
Chap. LXII.—An Act for the Relief of Francis
Hiittmann.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of theTreasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ad-
just the claim of Francis Hiittmann for return of
tonnage and light duties illegally exacted and paid
by him on the Peruvian bark Callao, at ithe
portof San Francisco, California, on the fifth day
of September, eighteen hundred and forty-ei^ht.
amounting to one hundred and twenty-four do!
lars and eighty cents; and also import duties col
lected in excess upon the cargo of the said vessel,
amounting to the sum of three hundred and fifty
dollars and sixteen cents, and to pay mm the
amount due.
Approved, May 1, 186.2.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Sylves
ter Crooks.
Be it enacted by the 'Senate and House of Repre
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to cancel the tla"s"
portation bond of Sylvester Crooks, given at the
collector's office in the city of New York, in the
month of November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, for a package of merchandise shipped by
him to V. Marzion and Company, San Francisco,
California, and marked " F. B., one case."
AppjsfVED, May 12, 1862.
Chap. LXV.—An Act for the Relief of the Own-
ers, Officers, and Crew of the Spanish Bark
" Providencia."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in theTreasury not otherwise Sppropriated, to the
order of the proper functionary of her Catholic
Majesty's Government, the sum of two thousand
seven hundred and ninety-one dollars and ninety-
one cents, as full compensation to the ow;ners of
the Spanish bark " Providencia," or their legal
representatives,fordamages occasioned by reason
of the wrongful seizure and detention of said bark
by a steamer of the United States blockading
squadron, in the month of November last; and
also as full compensation to the master, mate, and
crew of said bark; the said sum to bo distributed
agreeably to the two several awards of Moses
Taylor, Esquire, to whom the claim was referred
for adjustment.
Approved, May 12, 1862.
Chap. LXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of John
Skirving.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to John Skirving the sum of eleven hundred and
forty-two dollars, in full for his services in mak-
ing designs, drawings, working drawings, and
measurements, in and about the public buildings
in the city of Washington, and other expenses at-
tending the same, under the direction of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, from the year eigh-
teen hundred and forty-two to the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, inclusive.
Approved, May 13, 1862.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Charles F. RuflT, of the United
States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to cause to be paid unto Charles
F. Ruff, lieutenant colonel of the third regiment
of Cavalry, Army of the United States, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of four hundred and forty-nine dol-
lars, being the amount of pay and emolumen ts due
h'im for the months of March and April, one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-one, as major of
the regiment of Mounted Riflemen, United states
Army, and never received by him
Approved, May 17, 1862.
Chap. LXXXVII.—An Aet for the Benefit of
Robert Small and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is herebyfauthorized to cause the steam trans-
port boat" Planter,"recently in the rebel service,
in the harbor of Charleston, and all of the arms,
munitions, tackle, and other property on boardot
her at the time of her delivery to the Fedciai au-
thorities,to be appraised by a board of competent
officers, and when the value thereof shaH be thus
ascertained, to cause an equitable apportionment
of one half of such value so ascertained as afore-
said, to be made between Robert Small and his
associates, who assisted in rescuing her from the
enemies-of the Government.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Navy may, if he deems it expedien ,
cause the sum of money allotted to cachindiv.d-
ual under the preceding section of this act, to be
in-vested in United States securities for the benefit
of such individual, tho interest to be paid to him
or to.his heirs, annually, until such time as the
Secretary of the Navy may deem it expedient to
pay to him, or his heirs, the principal sum as
aforesaid.
Approved, May 30,1869.
Chap. LXXXVII I.—An Act for the Relief of
John Goulding.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,That John Goulding bo, and hereby is,
authorized to apply to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for a renewal and extension, for the term of
seven years, from the time of such renewal and
extension, the letters-patent heretofore granted to
him, for his improvement in machinery for tho
manufactu re of wool and other fibrous substances,
and the said Commissioner of Patents is hereby
authorized and empowered to grant such renewal
and extension, or withhold the same, under tho
existing laws, in the same manner as if the appli-
cations therefor had been seasonably made: Pro-
vided, That such renewal and extension shall not
have the effect or be construed to restrain persons
who may be using the machinery invented by said
Goulding at the time of the renewal and exten-
sion hereby authorized for continuing the use of
the same, nor to subject them to any claim or
damage for having so used the same.
Approved, May 30, 1862.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Hor-
ace M. Hicskeli, a Paymaster in the United
States Navy.
Whereas Horace M. flieskell was attached as
paymaster to [the] United States receiving ship
Pennsylvania, at Norfolk, Virginia, at the time,
to wit, on the twentieth of April, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, when said ship was burned
by order of the Government or the Commander
of the station; and whereas said Horace M.
Hicskeli, as paymaster aforesaid, is charged by
the Department with sundry items forprovisions,
clothing, and small-stores, which goods were de-
stroyed when said ship was burned: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House oj Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates oj America in Congress
assembled, That Horace M. Hiaskell lie credited
on the books of the Department with the amount
of such goods charged against him.
Approved, May 30,1862.
Ciup C.—An Act for the reciprocal extinguish-
ment of certain Claims between the United
States and the Representatives of Robert Brent,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Confess
assembled, That the Solicitor of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to discontinue and to
cause to be entered, satisfied all suits and proceed-
ings upon the claim of tho United States against
the representatives of Robert Brent, late Paymas-
ter General of the United Slates Amy, olid
against the representatives of Robert Y. brent,
his cxecutor; such discontinuance and acknowl-
edgment of satisfaction to be in full of all claims
on"the part of said Robert Brent, or his repre-
sentatives ill his right against the United States.
Approved, June 11, 1862.
CVI.—An Act for the Relief of Lieutenant
Ulysses S. Grant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That in the settlement of the accounts
with the Treasury with Lieutenant Ulysses b.
Grant, as commissary and regimental quartermas-
ter, fourth infantry, there shall bo al owed to the
said Grant the sum of one thousand dollars, on
account of the loss of that amount of public funds
in his hands by theft on the night of the sixteenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, the loss
being without neglect or fault on the part of said
GSeo. 2. And be it further enacted, That if the"
accounts of the said Grant have been fully-set-
tied at the proper accounting ofhee of the Areas
ury, and the said amount of one thousand dollars
accounted for, then and m that case Uiere shall be
i paid to said Grant the sum of one thousand dol-
