1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
believe there is justice enough in Congress to give
tliem their rights. But they do not come here;
they do not ask the Senator from Iowa to move
in their ease. He does not know whether they
have received their pay or not. Then, sir, why
place that upon this bill to embarrass its passage
jn this or in the other House? These railroads
have acted with fidelity to the Government; they
have rendered immense services to the country;
for their fidelity, they have been denounced by
the secessionists; their property has been injured;
tens of thousands of dollars'worth of their prop-
erty has been destroyed, and many persons in their
employ have been murdered. I was tolcf the other
day that nine persons from my own State, in the
service of these companies, had been sent home
to be buried.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me to give him a piece of informa-
tion of which he is, perhaps, not aware? One of
these railroads is owned in his State.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am not
aware of it. I have heard it, but I do not know
it to be true.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it to be true.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Some of the
stockholders may reside in my State; the people
of the East have invested their money in railroads
in the Senator's State and in other western States
also.
Mr. RICE. If they had not done so we should
not have had any railroads in the West.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
doubt that is true. I do not know a stockholder
in these roads. I know that here is a claim from
railroads that have served our country with fidel-
ity, that have suffered, and that have expended
all their means as corporations to serve the coun-
try. Their directors and managers have been
compelled to borrow thousands of dollars 011 their
personal credit to do the work of the Government.
They come to Congress for relief. The House of
Representatives has passed this joint resolution
and sent it here. It comes here based not on legal
points, but upon justice and equity. The com-
mission sitting at St. Louis say that, as a matter
of equity, their claim for transportation ought to
be allowed by the Government. This resolution
provides that they shall be paid for transporting
troops and munitions of war in order to protect
the Government of the United States, and that
this compensation shall be as near the actual cost
of the transportation as possible; but, in order to
protect the Government,itisprovidedthatitshall
not exceed the compensation allowed by the War
Department to other railroads for transportation.
That provision was put in to protect the Govern-
ment, and not in the interest of the railroads.
Then there is a provision that future claims for
compensation for services and for damages shall
not be made; that this adjustment shall cover all
claims for damages and compensation. That was
intended to protect the Government of the coun-
try, and I think if the railroads intend to come to
us for future claims, their friends ought to ask to
have that provision stricken out, and not the Gov-
ernment of the United States. It seems to me the
objections made to-day to these points should be
made by the friends of these railroads, and not by
the men who wish to protect the Government of
the United States. I believe that unless this com-
pensation is made, these railroads will not be 111
a condition a few days hence to perform the du-
ties which the Government of the United States
requires for its own interests, and, therefore, I
hope we shall not put upon this resolution a pro-
vision connecting with it other railroads. Let the
railroads of the West come to the proper depart-
ments of the Government for compensation for
their services, and if they do not get justice there,
let them come here; let their cases be thoroughly
investigated, and I have faith that the Congress
of the United States will do them justice.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President! I never heard
of this claim until this discussion sprang up this
morning, but I find m this resolution that which
commends it very strongly to my sense of justice.
I regard it as a legal right in these companies to
receive the compensation which is provided by the
resolution. As I construe the clause of the act of
Congress which is recited in the preamble now
stricken out, it gives to the Government only the
use of these railroads as a highway; it dors not
authorize the Government to claim, at the hands
of these corporations, the use of their rolling stock
or the services of their employes. The Govern-
ment has a right by this provision, as I under-
stand it, simply to put its own rolling stock and
its own employes upon the road, to use it for its
own purposes. If the Government chooses to use
the rolling stock of these corporations and the
employes of these corporations, it is legally
bound to pay for those services, as an individual
would be bound to pay for them. I therefore
feel t hat it is but just that these corporations shall
receive the compensation for which this resolu-
tion provides.
But, sir, I am opposed to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa. Indeed, if that
amendment be adopted, I shall have some hesita-
tion in voting for the resolution. I do not know
what that amendment will embrace. I agree that
if he has cases like this, when they are brought
forward and they commend themselves to my
sense of justice as this does, they shall have my
support; but I want to see what they are before
undertaking to commit the Government to pay-
ment for similar services by other roads. The
fairest way, the most proper mode of legislation,
is to bring up each case and let the Senate under-
stand the facts of each case by itself, and the Sen-
ator from Iowa need not fear but that full and
ample justice will be done to every corporation in
his section of the country, situated as this shows
itself to be. I hope, therefore, the amendment
will not prevail, and on the other hand I hope that
the resolution as it now stands will bo adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the amendment by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. As the joint resolution has been
amended, and is to go back to the House of Rep-
resentatives, I will suggest to the Senate another
amendment to perfect the object of the resolution
as I understand it. I understand that both these
roads have been seized and put under military
occupation by the Government, and that they
propose to receive this compensation for carrying
passengers and freight in full of any damage that
accrued on that account. To make it, then, more
specific, I move to amend by inserting after the
word "accrued," in the seventeenth line, the
words "and for the military occupation of the
said loads by the Uniied States Government."
This will not delay the passage of the joint reso-
lution, but will make the provision more specific.
I understand the companies to embrace that in the
claim for damages. We have the word " com-
pensation" hero used in the sixteenth line, which
must mean compensation for carrying freight.
We have, then, in the seventeenth line the word
" damages," which must mean damages to the
road or to the stock; but we have nothing which
fairly embraces thcnulitary occupation of the road
by the Governnient;and 1 understand the friends
of the measure to say that that is included. I see
the Senator from Kansas shakes his head. I so
understood the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs. If they do not agree, I am very
glad that I moved the amendment, because itwill
brino-usto some understanding 011 the subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Why not
strike out the whole of that clause after the word
"Government?" so as to leave it to read simply:
"Which adiustmcnt and liquidation i-hall preclude ,uiy
further clium 011 bclmlf of such companies against the Gov-
einmrnt."
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that. I
am willing to take the amendment suggested by
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and 1 move to strike out, 111 the sixteenth
and seventeenth lines, the words " on account of
claim for compensation or damages previously
Mr.POMEROY. The Committeeofthe House
of Representatives who repotted this bill, without
any consultation, as I suppose, with the parties
who are interested in these roads, put in this
clause that when they are paid a fair compensa-
tion for doing the work of the Government, that
shall preclude any claim that they may have for
damages. I tlnnk it is unjust to have any such
clause as that in the bill. These parties have a
just and equitable claim on the Government for a
'fair compensation fpr their labor, and that is the
provision of the joint resolution; but then it goes
on to provide—and this amendment only perfects
that idea—that when they have been obliged to
run a train oft' the track, and let it remain -there
until it was destroyed, and where the Govern-
ment compelled that, it yet shall never repair that
damage; that in giving them a just and fair com-
pensation for their labor they shall never here-
after have anything for damages that have ac-
crued. That is manifestly unjust.
I will remind the Senator from Iowa that this
joint resolution does not propose to pay for dam-
ages to loyal citizens in Missouri, and that, the
roads in Iowa and other States are not parallel
with these in this particular. The Government
has not taken possession of any other of the roads
to which land grants have been given. There are
no other roads so connected with the Government
as these two roads in Missouri, for the Govern-
ment has had exclusive control over them. There
lias been no State government in Missouri to audit
accounts. The Senator asks why have they not
had their pay like other roads. The IllinoisCen-
tral has had its pay because there was a State
government in Illinois to audit the accounts; and
the Iowa roads, that are dragged in as an amend-
ment, have had their pay, because the requisition
for troops was made 011 the Governor of Illinois
and on the Governor of Iowa, and they furnished
the troops and the transportation, and the com-
panies were paid. This could not be done in Mis-
souri. I am sorry to say they had 110 State gov-
ernment there, and 011 that account the Govern-
ment of the United States took possession of these
roads; and now when the companies come in here
and ask to lie paid for their labor and expense in
the transportation of the troops and munitions of
war of the United States, the Senator wants to
amend the provision, so that while we give them
their pay which is just and fair, we shall forever
preclude them from having any compensation for
damages. They have spent §60,000 in one item;
they have repaired their own bridges. When they
come to ask 11s for pay for their services, we take
advantage of their necessities, and put in an amend-
ment that the receipt of that compensation shall
forever preclude their claiming anything for dam-
ages. 1 think there is a manifest injustice in it;
and if this attempt is to be persisted 111, 1 think 1
shall move an amendment to strike out entirely
that part of the resolution which cuts off these
roads from any futuie compensation 01 allowance
for damages. They may tie fairly entitled to dam-
ages in some respects, and no doubt thoy ought
to have them. All that wo shall do to-day by pass-
ing this joint resolution will be to pay them for
their services, and there let the matter rest for the
present; and hereafter, when we come to pay other
roads for damages, let this road come in with the
rest, and have a fair and just compensation.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
Senate had betteradopt this amendment,and make
it cleai and certain. For my part, I am opposed
to paying damages to anybody on God's earth,
growing out of this war, and I do not intend to
vote any damages to anybody anywhere until we
pay the debt of this war and get clear of it, and
that will be after my day and generation. I know
that all over this country, all about this capital,
claims for damages have been got up, and some
men are claiming to the amount of tens of thou-
sands of dollars.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not propose that we
make any compensation now for damages; but I
said we should not block the way.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I would
block the way everywhere, and I wish there was
a constitutional provision that would block it for-
ever. I wish it understood distinctly that the dam-
ages growing out of this war, about this capital,
111 Virginia, on railroads everywhere,are the last
bills ever to be paid growing out of this lebellion.
I know that the most stupendous fiauds arc being
perpetrated about us now on that question, and I
know further that men with the uniforms of the
United States upon them arc agreeing to reports
assessing damages at four or five times the value
of the property, and that thurc are persons who,
^ for damages which amount to a few hundreds of
i dollars at most, are claiming tens of thousands.
I hope that whenever those claims come here, they
are to be met by the stern icsistance of the Con-
gress of the United States, and that we are to pay
the debt of this war before we begin to pay dam-
ages growing out of it. I am opposed to paying
these Missouri railroads one dollar of damages
