924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
now or hereafter; but I am in favor of paying them
a just, fair, and liberal compensation, under the
circumstances, for the work they have performed
and may hereafter perform for the Government of
the United States. But I want the bill to stand so
that we do not recognize our obligation to pay
them damages, or to pay anybody else damages,
growing out of the war. That is my position on
the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with the Senator
from Massachusetts, i myself did not propose
to bring in any bill for damages even for these'
railroads; but lsaid there was no propriety in le-
gislating them out, when we legislate no one else
out. I am glad to hear the Senator say he does
not propose to pay anything by way of damages,
for X recollect that he brought in a bill here not
long since proposing to pay $1,000,000 to citizens
in this District, for damages that he intends to
inflict upon them, by taking away their negroes;
[laughter;] and I expect that he will bring in other
bills equally offensive to me. I do not propose
to pay these fellows one dollar for any such con-
sideration.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me, I
will modify the amendment so as to return to my
original proposition, retaining the words which I
before moved to strike out, and inserting after the
word " accrued" the words," or for military occu-
pation of the road by the United States Govern-
ment." I find thattheSenatorfromMassachusetts
wants the words stricken out for one purpose, so
that the Government shall not pay; and the Sen-
ator from Kansas wants them stricken out, so that
* the Government shall pay. I think wc had better
retain them, and make the provision specific.
Mr; WILSON, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to say to the Senator from Kansas, who has re-
ferred to the bill brought in by me, that that meas-
ure has no reference to damages cieated by this
rebellion. It is ci simple proposition to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and to pay a
reasonable consideration therefor. As a matter
of justice and policy, I am in favor of it; and I
will say further, that 1 would vote most cheerfully
to-day to give the State of Maryland, if she will
abolish slavery within the nexttwo or three years,
nearly, if not quite, the same compensation, so as
to get rid of it about this capital.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has brought in that bill, and I judge that
it does in some way have reference to this rebel-
lion; for that Senator has been a member of the
Senate a great many years, and I never heard of
his bringing iu any bill of that kind before. I be-
lieve that the rebellion alone has produced a con-
dition of things in the mind of that Senator by
which he was enabled to bring in that bill. I think,
if we are so happy as to pass it, it will be one of
the best fruits of the rebellion. I think the Sen-
ator would never have brought it here had it not
been for the rebellion.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I shall vote against the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
Hampshire. I think it is perfectly manifest to the
sense of justice of every one that these railroads
should be paid for the services they have rendered
the Government. They have been most import-
ant and most efficient. I think they should be left
standing upon precisely the same footing with all
other corporations who have rendered similar ser-
vice,and ail individualsin the Union. I do notsee
why the door should be closed against them upon
this bill, to prevent them at all times hereafter from
calling upon Congress to remunerate them for the
damages which they may have sustained. If the
Senator from Massachusetts could by the vote
which the Senate may give upon this occasion
establish that doctrine and settle that question, to
operate upon all claims to be brought in hereafter,
there would be great propriety, perhaps, for our
considering that matter at this time; but I cannot
see why these railroads, whose services have been
so mentorious, upon presenting a claim for pay-
ment for work rendered, while other roads have
already been settled with, should have the door
barred against them for all time to come, when all
other corporations and all other individuals may
hereafter present their claims to Congress, and
may lia\;e them allowed to the amount, perhaps,
of hundreds of millions. I would like to do justice
to the loyal men of Missouri as well as to the
loyal men of all other States.
Mr. CLARK. The objection of the Senator
from New Jersey goes to the whole provision, not
exclusively to my amendment. He could not
shut the door against any claim for damages.
The joint resolution already does that now as it
comes from the House of Representatives.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am not certain of that.
There is an obscurity about this resolution that I
am not satisfied with, and I am fearful that there
may be some allowance for damages under its
phraseology.
Mr. CLARK. It is exactly that point that I
want to remove, and to that point I wish to ad-
dress myself. 1 thought there was a little obscu-
rity and ambiguity about it. I was not quite cer-
tain what was meant by the word " compensation"
or the word " damages." I understand the Sen-
ator from Missouri to say that both these roads
have been in the military occupation of the Gov-
ernment. I understand the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to say that this allow-
ance is to be in fall for that occupation, as he
supposes, so that, under the words "compensa-
tion"and " damages" everything will be included.
If that is the intention, it is but fair to so say to
the Senate, and let us understand what we are
doing. We do not want to have a controversy
arising by and by between the Government and
the companies, or in the courts, as to what is
meant by this provision. It certainly will em-
brace all damages to the road. I understand the
Senator from Missouri to say that the roads have
been occupied by the Government, and he wanted
a fair compensation for the work they had done,
and for the damages to the voads.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not for damages.
Mr. CLARK. Then the word "damages"
should be stricken out. I am sorry the Senator
did not see it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Just one word, with the
permission of the Senator from New Hampshire.
I understand that the friends of this measure did
not desire that this provision should be attached
to the joint resolution, but it has been attached
so as to debar these companies, provided they
receive the compensation named, from any right
hereafter to claim any compensation for damages
done by the rebels or by the Government. I un-
derstand that it is to limit, for all time to come,
their right to claim damages. But for this pro-
vision they might hereafter come and say that the
public enemy has destroyed their property; that !
they have had their cars burned up, as 1 mentioned !
a little while ago; that the rebels destroyed rail-
road bridges, and let their cars and locomotives
fall, and that they were compelled to bum them
up, to remove the rubbish, and all that sort of
thing. I understand that this provision is attached
for the purpose of preventing their making any
claim hereafter. I have no objection to it, because
if the Government will pay the companies fur the
transpoitation of its troops and property, 1 am
willing to waive all damages that have heretofore
resulted. I hope, however, that the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw the amendment
that he now proposes; and especially would I ob-
ject to the one proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, because it would not only limit the
companies to damages already accrucd, but no
matter if the entire road were destroyed, no mat-
ter if all the property belonging to the companies
were destroyed in the future, yet, by accepting
this little compensation for services already ren-
deied, they would be debarred from making any
claim whatever for future destruction of property.
The proposition now submitted, as I under-
stand, is to debar the companies, if they accept
this compensation, from any damages arising from
the military occupation of the road. I have no
objection to that; but I will state to the Senator
from New Hampshire that it is already amply in-
cluded in the provisions of the joint resolution as
they now stand. What are they ? " Which ad-
justmentand liquidation shall preclude any further
claim on behalf of such companies against the Gov-
ernment on account of claim for compensation;"
that is, for carrying property "or damages pre-
viously accrued.3' I think that is enough. Just
let the resolution remain; it covers the whole point
designed to be covered by the amendment; it not
only precludes their receiving any additional com-
pensation for work done for the Government, but
it prevents their receiving damages against the
Government for anything that has previously ac-
crued. Surely, then, it covers the whole question,
It ought not to be made to apply to the future.
Suppose that the Government takes military pos-
session of these roads, and destroys the whole
property of the companies, ought not the Govern-
ment to pay something beyond the mere compen-
sation for carrying property over the road ? I
think the amendment is entirely unnecessary. I
know that the good judgment of the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire,upon an investigation of the lan-
guage contained in the resolution, will lead him to
the same conclusion.
Mr. CLARK. I had no intention to make the
provision prospective in the way suggested by the
Senator fiom Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I alluded merely to the
amendment to which you agreed when suggested
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the Senatorfrom
Missouri now to yield the point, and to admit that
the word " damages" will cover it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am perfectly willing
to admit it if the Senator will admit the other
point, that it is already included in the resolution.
I think he will agree with me in that when he
examines it.
Mr. CLARK. It may be included, or it may
not, and for that reason I wish to make it specific,
that it shall under the word "dam?ges"include the
military occupation of the road up to this time.
That is all I want. I do not want anything pros-
pective about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. How will it read, then?
Mr. CLARK. If Government do any damage
in future, they should pay for it. We cannot set-
tle beforehand for what they may do. I am will-
nig to have the phrase altered so as to read, " or
for the military occupation of the roads by the
United States Government up to the time of the
passage of this resolution," if that will make it
more definite,and shut out the conclusion to which
the Senator from Missouri comes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the joint
resolution, by inserting after the word "troops,"
in the eleventh line, the words " not including in
the estimate interest on the cost of construction."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out, in the six*
teenth line, the words "on account of claim."
They are entirely unnecessary. The clause will
then read, " which adjustment and liquidation
shall preclude any further claim on behalf of such
companies against the Government for compen-
sation or damages previously accrucd."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, TEN EYCK. I do not wish to meddle
with this resolution myself, as I have not had par-
ticular charge of it; but for the purpose of testing
the idea i advanced, I desire to propose an amend-
ment, in the tenth and eleventh lines, to strike out
the words "as near as may be," and then to strike
out all after the word "railroads, "m the fourteenth
line, to the word "accrued," in the seventeenth
line. If this amendment be agreed to, the proviso
will read:
Provided, however, That the sum? paid to said compa-
nies shall be the cost nf tian^port ins such propeity or Hoops,
and not exceeding the puce:; fixed'by the W\ir Department
on the 12th day of July, it^l, tor transpoitation by rail-
roads.
_My idea is that this joint resolution shall pro-
vide simply for payment for transportation of
troops and material.;, to put these roads on the
same footing with other roads in the country that
have rendered this kind of service to the Govern-
ment, and then to leave the whole question of dam-
agesentirely open and undetermined for the future
action of Congress, if they shall see fit to acts
Mr. COLLAMEii. It has seemed to me for
some time past that either I misapprehended the
point, or gentlemen were rather at cross purposes
about this question. The provision in the joint
resolution is that the Secretary of War in settling
with these companies shall pay for our transpor-
tation on their roads. Then, inasmuch as we have
had occupation ourselves of the roads for some of
the time, we ought not to pay them for our mili-
tary occupation of them, when we pay them for
the whole of the transportation thu'was done
during that time, and all the rest of the time. For
that reason, this provision was insetted, as I un-
derstand; and reading it in its connection, it is not
for the purpose of making an arrangement about
damages done to the road by other people, but it
