APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[July 16,
37th Cong....2d Sesis,
Laws of the United States.
larsroat-of any money  ot otherwise appropri-
ajteij.i :
Approved, June 17,1862.
Chap. CVII.—An Act for the Relief of Oliver
  - • Spencer Wood.
Be it,enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, of the- United States of America in Congress
fsetiibled, That the proper accounting officers of
cTreapury.be, and they are hereby, authorized
aiid directed to examine and settle, on principles
of equity, the accounts of Oliver Spencer Wood,
}&te temporary naval storekeeper for the United
States squadron, on the African station, and to
make him such allowances, subject to the appro-
val of the Secretary of the Navy, as under the
circumstances shall appear to them reasonable
and just, such allowances not to exceed the de-
ficiencies witli which the said Oliver Spcncer
"Wood now stands charged, amounting to the
sum of sixteen hundred and twenty dollars and
ninety-seven cents, (§1,620 97.)
AjpproveDj June 17,1862.
Chap. CXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Rose
M. Harte, Widow of Edward Harte.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of Patents be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay,
out of any money belonging to the fund of the
Patent Office, not otherwise appropriated, to Rose
M. Harte, widow of Edward Harte, the sum of
two hundred and seventy-four dollars and eighty
cents, in full for certain papers prepared by him,
by direction of the Commissioner of Patents, il-
lustrative of the " Progress of Agriculture in the
United Stages during ten years," and also for an
article entitled "Railroads of the United States
in 1850." .
Approved, June 19, 1862.
Chap. CXIY,—An Act for the Relief of the Suf-
ferers by the burning of the Washington In-
.firmary on the night of November 3d, 1861.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembleds That the Second Auditor of the Treas-
uary be, and hereby is, authorized and required
to ascertain and determine the amount of property
lost by each of the sisters of chanty and female
servants employed in the Washington Infirmary
at the time of its conflagration, which occurred
on the night of the third of November, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, and the amount so de-
termined, not exceeding in the aggregate six hun-
dred and twenty dollars, shall be paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the claimants respectively.
Approved, June 19, 1862.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act for the Relief ofCommo-
* dore Hiram Paulding.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authowzed and required to pay
to Commodore Hiram Paulding, of the United
States Navy, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of twelve
hundred dollars, or so much thereof as he may
be satisfied is necessary to reimburse him for his
expenses incurred m defending himself against a
suit brought against him for taking Charles Mc-
Donald (one of William Walker's followers)
from the steamer Morgan, at San Juan del Norte,
in Nicaragua, and sending htm onboard the Uni-
ted States ship Saiatoga, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, the said Paulding being at
the time flag officer in command of the home
squadron, and acting in the line of his duty.
Approved, June 20, 1862.
Ciiap. CXVII1.—An Act to pay R. Y. Shelley
for his Claim and Imptovements taken from
lum by the Omaha Reservation m the Terri-
tory of Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ojthc, United Slates of Amt > lea in Congress
assembled > That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Bcnncyvillc Y. Shel-
ley, thirteen hundred and fifteen dollars, in full
for all claims of said Shelley against the Govern-
ment of the United States for his " claim" and
improvements thereon, which were talv£# from
him by the United States for the Omahs! ^serva-
tion, in Nebraska Territory, in the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, June 20, 1862.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Lawrence P. N. Landrum, of Taylor County,
Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
fhe name of Lawrence P. N. Landrum, of Taylor
county, State of Kentucky, on the roll of invalid
pensions of the United States, and pay to him the
sum of ninety-six dollars per annum, to be com-
puted from the twenty-third day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, July 2, 1862.
Ciiap. CXXXI I,—An Act for the Relief of the
Presidentand Directors of thcPanama Railroad
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to pay to th* President and Directors
of the Panama Railroad Company the sum of
seven thousand four hundred and seventy-five
dollars, in full of all claims of said company on
the United States for the transportation of certain
persons from Panama to New York by agreement
with Commodore Mervine.
Approved, July 2, 1862.
Chap. CXXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of J.
W. Nye.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives (fthe United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and icquired to pay
unto J. W. Nye, out of any money in thcTreasury
not otherwise appropriate], the sum of fourteen
hundred and fifty-four dollars and eighty-four
cents, for balance due for furnishing horses and
carry-alls, and hauling boxes and other articles,
for the use of the House of Representatives for
the Twenty-Eighth Congress, under a writ ten con-
tract with the postmastei of the House of Repre-
sentatives, dated January the fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, and approved by said House
of Representatives.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be further authorized and
required to pay unto J. W. Nye, out of aijy
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of three thousand four hundred and
thirty-two dollars and forty-four cents, for balance
due for,improvemcnts made on the botanical gar-
den lot, and for damages sustained by said J. W.
Nye in being deprived of the use and occupation
of the lot according to the terms and conditions
contained in a certain lease fiom the Piesidentof
the United States to said J, W. Nye.
Sec. 3. And he it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is heieby directed and
required, on payment of the sum* heroinbefoie
named, to take receipts from said J. W. Nye,in
full satisfaction of all claims for services or dam-
ages arising from the aforesaid contracts.
Approved, July 5,1862.
Chap. CXXXVJI.—An Act for the Relief of
jjiigadier General Joseph G. Totten.
Be it enacted in; the Senate (aid House of Repre-
sentatives of Ike United St aus «f America in Congress
assembled, That there be p«.wd to 131 igadier Geneial
Joseph G. Totten, <>Ltt of any money u  the Tieas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of two
bundled dollars, in full for so much advanced by
the said Totten for the benefit of the United Stales
in the purchase of certain land of William Aspin-
wall, tor fortification*? on Staten Island, in the
harbor of New Yoik.
ArpuuvED, July 5, 1862.
Chap. CLII.—An Act for the Relief of D. G-.
Farragut.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of^
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and instructed to allow to Captain D. G. Farragut,
United States Navy, in the settlement of his ac-
counts, the sum of four hundred and seven dol-
lars and nineteen cents, being the amount paid
by him as wages to two master's mates on board
the United States ship Warren, employed at Mare
Island, California.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CLIII.—An Act for the Relief of Louisa
Abort Byrne.
Be it enacted by thb Senate and^House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
the name of Louisa Abort Byrne, widow of the
late Surgeon Bernard M. Byrne, of the United
States Army, on the pension roll, at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month, from the sixth day
of September, eighteen hundred and sixty, for and
during her widowhood.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
Chap. CLX1L—An Act for the Relief of Fanny
Mactier Smith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
the Rame of Fanny Mactier Smith, widow of the
late Major General Charles Ferguson Smith, of
the United States Army, on the pension roll, at
the rate of fifty dollars per month, from the first
day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, for
and during her widowhood.
Approved, July 12, 1862.
Chap. CLXXY1.—An Act granting an Invalid
Pension to Hugh H. Howard, of Hocknigpoit,
State of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and ho is hereby, directed to place the name of
Hugh H. Howard, of Hockingport, m the State
of Ohio, a soldier in the Oregon Indian war, in
eighteen hundred and fifty-fit e and cighteen'hun-
dred and fifty-six, upon the pension loll, and
allow Jiim a pension at the rate of eight dollars
a month from the fust day of January, one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CXCI.—An Act for the Relief of Robert
M. Evans.
Be it cnacled by the Senate and House of IUprs-
sentatioes of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Socretaiy of Wat be, and he
is hereby, authorised to adjust and settle, upon
fair and equitable terms, the accounts of Robert
M. Evans, for recruiting in and bringing from the
State of Indiana to this city, during the months of
August and September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, cavalry troops in pursuance of an or-
der issued on or about the fifteenth day of July,
of the same year, by the then Secretary of War:
Provided, That the amount so pauUhall not exceed
the sum of live hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. This act to be in force fiom and after
Us passage.
Approved. July 16, 1S62.
Chap. CXCI I.—An Act to confirm and establish
a Patent heretofore granted to Etienne Beinot,
dated July twenty-four, eight'-t n hundred and
MXty, and to seeuito Geoj <r,. ^oniervrilc Noi-
ris, tin- Alienee of said Patent, the benefit of
|| the full term lor which said Patent was panted,
ji Be it cnc/etcd b>j fhe Sauilc and House of Repre-
l! sentutivis rj the United SloltsofAmcnra in Congress
! assembled, Thai the pah-ntgranted to Etienne Ber-
not on the twnty-tom tli day of J uly, in the year
eighteen bundled and six:!y, lot an unpioved ma-
chm« lor cuMing iiies,*' and vvhieh patent, on the
face iheieof, was granted foi the term of fouttecn
