1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is that, when we settle with them for all our freight,
they shall not charge us damages for our having
military occupation of the roads. Now, why
should we strike it out? If we pay them for all
the freight they have carried, that ought to end all
claim they have upon usaboutthe use of the roads.
We have had military occupation of the roads.
We simply say, " if we have to pay you for the
freight, you shall not charge us for the military
occupation in the mean time.,, That is all there
is in this provision as I read it in its connection,
and therefore it should not be stricken out. It is
fairly put in fo/ the purpose of covering that. That
is the way I read it.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
as amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. I now renew the amendment
■which I proposed in Committee of the Whole, to
insert in the fifth line afferthe word "company"
the words " and all other land grant companies."
I desire the yeas and nays on this question, and
I hope they will not be refused to me.
Mr. RICE. 1 hope the Senator from Iowa will
not press his amendment. Every other land grant
railroad company that has transported troops or
munitions of war has been paid.
Mr. HARLAN. So I understood from the
Senator from Missouri a few minutes since.
Mr. RICE. It is so. I have looked at the list.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Missouri
told me he got his information from the report of
the Secretary of War, and he placed it in my pos-
session, marking the payment to a railroad com-
pany in the State of Iowa, the Keokuk, Fort Des
Moines, and Minnesota Railroad Company; but
that is not a land grant road, nor do I find a single
land grant road of my State, or any other State of
the Northwest that I know to be a land grant road,
included in this list.
Mr. RICE. Perhaps I can explain the reason
oftthat. I find the La Crosse and Milwaukee road
se down as having received only eighty dollars,
whereas to my certain knowledge it has received
from twelve to twenty thousand dollars; but the
contract was made with other roads for transpor-
tation all the way from the Mississippi river to a
certain point East, and hence the non-appearance
of the amount that that company received. I
know that three or four regiments from my State
passed over the La Crosse and Milwaukee road,
and the company was paid. The Senator from
Iowa will find upon investigation, that if any land
grant road m his State transported troops it has
been paid; but the contract for the transportation
was probably made with another and connecting
road, to whom the payment was made directly,
and so appears on the list.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say but a very-
few words in relation to this amendment, in addi-
tion to what I have before said. The proposition
to pay these roads in money is a proposition of
sheer favoritism. It is not sustained on principle,
and cannot be. The Senator from New York
and the Senator from Massachusetts stated that
should the companies who have received land
grants in other States present their claims to Con-
gress, they will venture an assurance that they
will be honestly considered and adjusted; but this
is a proposition foreignfrom the one now pending
before the Senate. There is no claim on the part
of these railroad companies before the Senate;
there is no bill here from them; noamountnamed.
It is simply a proposition to pass a law to author-
ize the Secretary of War to pay these companies
for a class of services named. There is no claim ;
it is to authoi ize the Secretary of War to pay for
services that have been and may hereafter be ren-
dered. I do not agree with the proposition pre-
sented, that every person who performs work for
the Government of the United States must come
in with a bill and ask for a specific law authoriz-
ing the auditing of that claim. I am willing—
and with this lemark I shall conclude all I have
to say on tins point—to pay loyal men in the
State of Missouri, as I would pay loyal men in
any other State of this Union. I would pay them
on the same principle. 1 would pay them the
same amount for the same class of services. I
would pay them no more. I would not make an
exception in their favor, more than I would ask
the Congress of the United States to make an ex-
ception in favor of the State I happen to represent
in part on this floor. I desire to record my name
in favor of this amendment. If it shall carry, of
which I have not very strong hope, I then can vote
for the bill; if it shall not carry,! shall vote against
the bill.
Mr. WILLEY. Of course, sir, I have very
little personal interest or local feeling about this
matter; but since the yeas and nays are to be called,
I desire to state the consideration by which I shall
be influenced in my vote. Wherever a claim is
entitled to be paid under the law, of course the
proper authorities will pay it; and it can only be
claims not properly payable by authority of law
that can come before the Senate in the shape in
which this question presents itself. Then every
such question must come up on its own merits,
it must assume more or less a differentcharacter,
and we can only decide upon the propriety and
justice of paying it, according to the particular cir-
cumstances connected with it; and hence itseems
to me eminently pioper that every claim should
be received upon its distinct merits, nothe classed
under some general provision of this kind, so that
we may act understanding^ according to the
merits of the particular claim. I hope, therefore,
that this claim, which I think is eminently just,
may not be embarrassed by placing it in ageneral
category of this kind. I think all such claims
should be presented separately and acted on sep-
arately, so that they may receive the separate con-
sideration of the Senate, and that measure of jus-
tice which the particular nature of each claim may
lequire.
Mr. RICE. As this matter was before the Mil-
itary Committee, I do not feel it improper for me
to read an extract from General Meigs's report
with regard to this very question of land grant
railroads. He says:
" When the question of the rights of the Government and
the dutiesot the Illinois Central railroad was biought to the
attention of this olfice, an examination of the pant led me to
the conclusion that the Government was entitled fo the use
of the road fiee of toll or cost, hut not to the use of the cars
and engines of the company. R.y the advice of the Assistant
Secretary of War, the eoncJu&imt was reached that this load
should tian^port troops and munitions of war at n rate one
third less than other ruad& not havingleceived land grants;
one third the gro.xs leceiprs being Mipposed to be that part of
the cost of transportation winch would be properly charge-
able fur maintenance, repairs, and other charges of the
road."
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say that I
am so unfortunate as to be a stockholder in one of
these roads, and under a rule of the Senate, which
has been explained to me by one of my friends
here, I am not permitted to vote. I merely say
this in order that the absence of my name from
the roll may be accounted for.
Mr. KING. As I propose to vote against the
original resolution,*1 shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa. I do not know
why there should be a distinction between the
cases; but as I am opposed to the whole proposi-
tion, I shall vote against the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea 1, nays 35; as follows:
YEA—Mr. Harlan—1.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cailile, Clark, Collamer, Da-
vis, Di.\on, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Fo>ter, Hale, Har-
ris, Henderson, Ilow.ud, Ilovve, Johnson, King, Lane of
Indiana, Lath.im. McDougall, Nesmith, Pearce, Pomeroy,
Powell, Rice, Saul^bmy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Thomson, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be lead the third time.
The resolution was read the third time, and passed.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up for consideration the bill tf to define and
regulate the pay and emoluments of certain officers
of the Army, and for other purposes.'* I under-
stand the Senator from Maine, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, is anxious to bring up to-
day the Treasury note bill; but he is not quite
ready yet. I move now to take up this hill, as
there are some amendments pending on which we
may possibly act before the Senator from Maine
is n-ady with lus bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The business icgulaily in order is the resolution
from the Judiciary Committee relative to the ad-
mission of Mr. Stark as Senator from Oregon.
The Senator from Massachusetts moves to post-
pone that^nd all prior orders with a view of taking
up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope thatwlH not be
done. I think the measure referred to by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is not one that requires
haste on the part of the Senate. It contains some
very important provisions. I have been exam-
ining it myself, and I should like to have further
time to look over it. I do not see that it is of any
particular importance that it shall be immediately
acted upon.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 18, noes 13.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. One reason whjr I ob-
jected to taking up the Senator's bill, I will now
state. I have three petitions to present on a sub-
ject contained in that bill. If the Senate will al-
low me, I desire now to present them, and have
themreferiedto the Committee on Military Ajfairs.
I present the petition of the officers of General
Hooker's division on the lower Potomac, includ-
ing the first Massachusetts, the eleventh Massa-
chusetts, and the twenty-sixth Pennsylvania regi-
ments, praying that regimental bands may be
continued, and remonstrating against their being
brigaded; also petitions of the same kind from
officers of the seventh New Jersey and the second
New Hampshire regiments.
The petitions were received,and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PUBLIC LAND SURVEYS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The business
properly before the Senate is the resolution re-
ported by the Commitfee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. As I understand that it is-not
desirable on the part of the Senate to enter upon
the discussion of that subject now, 1 move to post-
pone the resolution and all prior orders for the
purpose of taking up Senate bill No. 187, to re-
duce the expenses of the survey and sale of the
public lands of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
187) to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of the public lands of the United States was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the mover will
allow this bill to lie on the table to be called up at
another time. I should like to examine it. It has
some provisions affecting the Pacific coast, which
I think arc not adequate to the transaction of the
public business there. I should like to examine
it more carefully.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Califor-
nia has not examined the, bill, and desires that it
may go over for the purpose of enabling him to
examine it, I shall not object.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is my only reason
for making the suggestion. The bill gflfects the
offices on our coast, and I should like to examine it.
Mr. HARLAN. I can state how it affects
those officers.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have just heard it read;
but I'prefer to have time to look at it. It affects
my constituency. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM OREGON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, in
relation to the seat of the Senator from Oregon, is
now before the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. I was about to suggest the post-
ponement of the resolution, in consequence of the
absence of the Senator from Illinois, who has
made a minority report. I did not feel at liberty
to call for the consideration of the question in his
absence.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to make the same
suggestion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that the Senator from California has the
floor on that question, and he may go on with his
speech now. There are others who desire to be
heard. The Senator from Illinois will be back
probably in a short time; he has gone away for
a special purpose. I think we had better go on
with something.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not
require a motion to take up the resolution. It is
