1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
reason to hope that our flag will soon wave at
Savannah, at Nashville, at Memphis, and at
New Orleans, let us remember that we have met
reverses heretofore, and let that remembrance
chasten our rejoicings and remind us thatthis strug-
gle may yet be a long and desperate struggle for
months and years. At all times, and especially
while the struggle lasts, we must guard with jeal-
ous eyes every department of this Government,
and particularly our own, which joins to legisla-
tive^executive and treaty-making powers.
If this gentleman had contented himself with a
general denial of the allegations against him, I do
not know that I should object to his being sworn;
but he accompanies that denial and his offer to take
the oath of loyalty with the declaration ofan opin-
ion, it seems to me, which excludes from his oath,
his loyalty, and his allegiance, nine States at least
of the United States. Sir, Tennessee is one of those
States. In the late bloody battle at FortDonelson,
was the flag of the Union at the head of the col-
umn which charged and took it the flag of a Power
asseitiug its rightful authority, or was it the flag
of an invader? As it went up over that foitress,
did it go up over our own soil, or over that of a
foreign enemy? Is Andrew Johnson, who sits
here—a man who, in his abiding faith, steady pa-
triotism, and invincible courage, has been like a
beacon upon a solid rock in the midst of a deluge
to fix the hearts and the hopes of all loyal men-
is that Senator, who has suffered so much, who
has done as much as any one living man to defend
and maintain the Constitution and the Union—is
he a Senator from one of the United States, under
our Constitution, oris he a stranger here, the rep-
resentative of a foreign State?
These arc questions going to the meaning of this
oath to support the Constitution as the touch-stone
ofloyalty; a qualification,in myjudgmcnt, which,
if not expressly named, is necessarily implied by
the Constitution. I confess that, for one, i am not
satisfied with any such qualified oath as would
confine his loyalty to twenty-five States only, nor
to admit to the Senate one who does not feel it his
duty to legislate for all the States and Teriitorics
of the United States, and who is not ready to as-
sert the rightful supremacy of the Constitution
over all, especially now, pending this struggle to
maintain that supremacy by force of arms.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be compelled to vote
against the proposed recommittal of this case, and
to vote for the resolution submitted to the Senate
by the Judiciary Committee, and shall thus be
compelled (which I very much regret) to differ
from many of myfriends,and I am very sorry to
see, to differ from my colleague. I feel called upon,
therefore, to state the reasons which will compel
this action on my part. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the question of the loyalty or disloyalty of
the gentleman who is sent here by the State of
Oregon, because I do not conceive that we have
now jurisdiction of that question.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] the otherday startled the Senate by announc-
ing that he heard a lion in the lobby roar. I think
he is mistaken. I think it is not a lion roaring
there. It is the State of Oregon he hears—nobody
else, nothing else. It is our own sister who knocks
at the door of the Senate Chamber, and the ques-
tion is whether she shall be admitted or not. The
Slate of Oregon is entitled to have two represent-
atives upon this floor. That right of representa-
tion is secured by the Constitution. It depends,
however,uponcertain conditions. Theyare these:
she shall appoint her representatives after a pre-
scribed manner; they shall be severally thirty
years of age; shall have been nine years citizens
of the United States; shall be inhabitants of Ore-
gon; and shall be willing to take a certain oath.
These are the only conditions named in the Con-
stitution. Oregon has in fact but one represent-
ative upon this floor. I ask why she is deprived
of one half her constitutional representation ? She
has sent a second representative here. We are
told he was properly elected and returned; tliat
he is thirty years of age; has been nine years a
citizen of the United States; is an inhabitant of ,
Oregon; and he offers to take just such an oath as i
the Constitution requires. j
I ask why Oregon has not two representatives |
upon this floor? The answer is, that he who chal- ^
lenges the prerogative of being her second repre- j
sentative is disloyal to the Government he seeks
to serve. Who says the gentleman la disloyal? I
The State of Oregon? No; she affirms his loyalty
by the act of sending him here. The Senate? No;
the Senate has pronounced no opinion upon the
subject. The judiciary Committee? No; that
committee disclaim all knowledge upon the sub-
ject. Does.the honorable chairman of that com-
mittee [Mr. Trumbull] affirm his disloyalty?
No; he has so far forborne to express an opinion.
Does the Senator from Maine, who originally
moved the reference of the gentleman's credentials
to a committee, [Mr. Fessenden,] affirm.his dis-
loyalty? No; quite the contrary. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, who now moves the
same reference, [Mr. Hale,] or does the Senator
from Massachusetts, who supports that motion,
[Mr. Sumner,] affirm that disloyalty ? Neither of
them. Upon whose authority, then, is it that you
deny to Oregon her just representation here ? The
only answer to be made is that certain individuals
have sent here from the town of Portland, in that
State, affidavits averring the disloyalty of Mr.
Stark. Do we know those affiants? No. Do we
know that they made the affidavits purporting to
have been subscribed and sworn by them? No.
Do we know that those men exist? No.
The case is this: the State of Oregon says Mr.
Stark is loyal; commands us, in the name of the
Constitution, to admit him to represent her upon
this floor. On the other hand, we hear that cer-
tain individuals of the town of Portland say lie is
disloyal, and advise us not to admit him ? Shall
we listen to the State, whom we know, or to these
individuals, whom we do not know? I answer, to
both; but to both in their turn. Presume that the
State is right until you have evidence upon which
you can contradict her, and give her the seat liuie
which shedemands. Butgivc to the remonstrants
the hearing they ask, and determine as promptly
as you may the issue they present.
Oregon asks a voice here. She has complied
with the conditions upon which her right vests. I
do not say that no citizen of Oregon should be
allowed to aver anything against the decision of
his State, but I say the averment should not oper-
ate as a stay of proceedings. The allegation may
be true, and so it should be tried; but it may be
false, and so I submit Oiegon should not be thrust
out of doors while we try it. Oregon has ex-
hausted her power of appointment by selecting
two representatives. Until by God'sact or yours
or the act of her representatives a vacancy occurs,
she can do no more to secure a voice here. And
it is apparent that, at the instance of men of whom
we know nothing, we have for weeks deprived
Oregon of a representative and the United States
of a Senator.
It is said that if we deny to the Senate the right
to try an allegation of disloyalty befoie we admit
to a seat, we expose the Senate to great perils.
Sir, no power can be vested in any finite tribunal
without liability to abuse. And it is much the
habit of those who deny the existence of a power
to suggest the abuses to which it is liable, and
thence to argue that it cannot exist; and those who
affirm a power are quite as apt to point to the
necessities for it, and argue thence that the power
has been given because it is much needed.
Thus the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
has suggested that if we renounce the authority
to stop a representative at the threshold of the
Senate to investigate his previous character, Vir-
ginia may take advantage of our helplessness to
send up here General John B. Floyd. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] has
thrilled the Senate with the suggestion that New
Hampshire may send up here a horse-thief. Dif-
ferent perils, 1 notice, suggest themselves to the
minds of representatives from different communi-
ties. [Laughter.]
With the'hope of so far allaying the apprehen-
sions of the Senate as to enable them to pass upon
this matter candidly, I venture to say that I hope
the contingency suggested by the Senator from
New Hampshire is very remote; and I fear that
suggested by the Senator from Illinois is equally j
so. "For one I cannot deny that I should greet the i
accession of the late Secretary of War—the jllus- j
trious exile from Fort Donelson—to this body j
with profound satisfaction. I profess that I hold ■
the distinguished Senators who now represent Vir- |
gmia here in very high esteem, hut I am com- j
pclled to admit that if Virginia would send her j
renowned General Floyd here in their stead, I j
wouid be willing to relinquish cither or even both i
of them. But do you ask if I would admit him to
the Senate? With the greatest pleasure-in the
world. Would I allow him to take the oath ? Cer-
tainly; and I would beg him-to kiss Christ's Gos-
pels on both cheeks. But 3 would also take good
care that the marshal of the District of Columbia
should be admitted to the Senate as soon after Mr.
Floydas the convenience of the former would pos-
sibly admit.
Sir, the Senate has abundant power to protect
itself against traitors. We are in no danger from
that quarter. When we are prepared to say that
a member is guilty of treason; when any one of
us is prepared to say that, any magistrate of the
District will take him out of the Senate in the
name of the United States. And notwithstanding
much of the argument upon this motion has pro-
ceeded upon the assumption that Mr. Stark is, or
may be, a traitor, yet the very fact that we are
arguing that question is conclusive that we do not
believe he is, in fact, a traitor. We may believe
that his political opinions and his political teach-
ings arc, and have been, inimical to the Govern-
ment;butif we believed him a traitor, the question
would not be upon his admission to the Senate,
but upon his admission to Fort La Fayette, or
the jail in the city of Washington.
If, therefore, we renounce the authority to stop
the representative of a State at the door of the
Senate to investigate his moral or his political
charactcr, I do not feel that we are in any great
danger of being overrun by traitors or by horse-
thieves. But, on the contrary, if we assert that
a majority may, upon the allegation of any one,
shut the door of the Senate against the chosen
representative of a State until the allegation be
tried and determined, then two consequences re-
sult inevitably: fi£st,that no State can place a rep-
resentative upon^his floor so long as an individ-
ual can be found to aver against him, for when we
have tried and determined the allegation of one
prosecutor, another may step to the bar of the Sen-
ate and file a new indictment, and our pretext for
excluding him while we hear and determine the
second, is as good in law as the pretext upon which
we exclude him while we hear and determine the
first; and second, that whoever does get a place
on this floor gets here bccaxise his opinions coin-
cide with a majority of the Senate, and not because
they coincide with the people of his State.
Mr. President, I think we have not sufficient
evidence of disloyalty upon which to expel Mr.
Stark from his seat here; and I think we do expel
him every day we prevent him from coming in.
Besides, sir, I think we have no authority to try
the question of his disloyalty upon this motion.
If he is a Senator, we may undoubtedly try the
question of his loyalty upon a motion to expel
him; but that motion is addressed to tsvo thirds
of the Senate, this to a majority; and those tri-
bunals are, in my judgment, as distinct as a jus-
tice of the peace and the judge of a circuit.
Oregon asks for her representative admission.
She accordingly appeals to the Senate, acting by
its majority. The remonstrants ask for his ex-
pulsion; they should appeal to two thuds of the
Senate.
But it is said the Senate is by the Constitution
made the judge of the qualifications of its mem-
bers. That is true; but it is also true that the
Constitution is particular to enumerate what the
qualifications are of which the Senate may judge.
The Senator must be thirty years of age, and the
Senate may determine the fact. He must have
been nine years a citizen, and the Senate may de-
termine that fact. He must be an inhabitant of the
State, and the Senate may determine that fact.
Wliat other qualifications the Senator should
have are to be determined first by the constituent
body when they elect; and from their decision
there is, in my judgment, no appeal, except to
two thirds of the Senate upon a motion to expel.
But the Senator from Massachusetts says the
Constitution enumerates loyalty as a qualification
to be determined by the Senate. He says it is
the most essential qualification. I quite agtee
with the last proposition; I must wholly dissent
from the first. The Constitution requires that
Senators be bound by oath or affiimation to sup-
pott it. The oath actually administered is that
we will support the Constitution of the United
States. The Senator says that implies a great *
deal. I think it implies nothing. It says all it
means. It expresses a promise m the most solemn
