THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
form, th&t/we .will support that Constitution. It
does, not; declare or" import that we always have
supported it. It may, and*in my judgment must
be -administered to those who have been aliens,
.and evenalien enemies, provided they have ceased
to be such, and have been for nine years in the
efcjoypient- of citizenship, and are sent here to
represent a Stale.
The Senator from Illinois argues that the enu-
meration of certain qualifications for represent-
atives in the Constitution, does not preclude the
imposition of others. He has referred us to cer-
tain acts of Congress, disqualifying persons who
have been convicted of certain crimes from hold-
ing office under the Constitution. He asks if those
acts are unconstitutional? Let it be admitted that
they are not, for the sake of the argument; the
doctrine he contends for, in my judgment, would
-by no. means result from that admission. He has
cited us to a judgment pronounced by the court
of errors of New York. That judgment is:
"The act to suppress dueling, passed November 5,1816,
.(session forty, chapter one,) which declares that any per-
son convicted of challenging another to fight a duel, &c.,
4 shall be incapable of holding or being cleeted to any post
of profit, trust, or emolument, civil or inilttaiy, under this
State,? is constitutional; and a conviction and judgment of
disqualification under it are, therefore, legal and valid."—
Barker, vs. The People, 3 Coiven's Reports, p. 686.
. The argument of the Senator is this; it is set-
tled that the Legislature of New York may pro-
vide by Jaw for disqualifying a citizen from hold-
ing office under the constitution of that State as a
•penalty for crime of which the citizen has been
judicially convicted; ergo, the Senate of the Uni-
ted States may, of its- own motion, disqualify a
citizen from holding a seat in the Senate upon an
allegation of crime of which he has not been con-
victed, and for which he has no^been tried ! That
seems to me a non sequitur.
The case to which we are cited is not, in my
judgment, authority for the doctrine that qualifi-
cations for membership other than those enumer-
ated iu the constitution may be imposed. On the
contrary, it decides the very reverse of this. Let
me read from it:
" Whether the Legislature can exclude from public trusts
any person not excluded by the express rules of the consti-
tution, is the question which I have already examined; and
according to my views ot that question, there may be an
exclusion by law in punishment tor crimes, but in no other
manner, and for no other cause."—Barker vs. The'People,
3 Cowcn, p. 707.
The exclusion which is proposed here is neither
by law, nor is it by way of punishment for a crime
of which the party has been convicted. That
decision, however, ia not conclusive upon us, per-
haps, for it was a decision made under the con-
stitution of New* York. The/House of Represent-
atives has, however, indicated very clearly the
same opinion, in a case arising under the Consti-
tution of the United States. In 1808, two persons
claimed to represent, in the House of Represent-
atives, a certain district of the State of Maryland,
one by the name of Barney, the other by the name
of McCrcery. The syllabus of the case, as re-
ported, is as follows:
" The Constitution of the United States having fixed the
qualifications of members, no additional qualifications can
rightfully be required by the States.
u Where two members were to be chosen from a district,
and the State law required that one of them should be a
resident of the town of B.and the other of the county of B.,
such law was held by the committee to be lepugnant to the
Constitution, and therefore void ; and the decision of the
House seems to have affirmed this opinion."—Contested
MleciionSy p. 167.
The debate upon the question was a very pro-
tracted one. The House did not fuiiy meet the
question of the authority of a State to impose any
qualifications to membership in addition to those
enumerated in the Constitution, though the tenor
of the argument was to show that no such addi-
tional qualifications could be imposed. By an
amendment to the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections, the House avoided giving an
express docision upon the point, but admitted the
gentleman who was elected in conformity with the
Constitution of the United States, but who was
declared disqualified by the law of the State of
Maryland.
The Senate, however, has given a direct and
positive judgment upon the same point and to the
same effect in a case which arose only six years
♦ ago. The State of Illinois returned to this body
a representative who had been a judge of that
State, and whose term of office had not expired.
The constitution of the State of Illinois declared
such persons ineligible to a seat in the Senate. A
remonstrance was filed here, signed by a number
of senators and representatives of that State in
the State Legislature, against his taking his seat.
The Senator was admitted to his seat, in the first
instance, and his credentials and the remonstrance
were referred to the Judiciary Committee. They
made a report, not, however, passing upon the
question of his eligibility, but submitting it to the
Senate. It was discussed at length in the Senate.
-The debate is full of instruction. I have run over
it. The present chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, who now claims that qualificationspther
than those enumerated in the Constitution may
be imposed upon membership here, seems at that
time to have been clearly of a different opinion.
The chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
at that time, the late Judge Butler, of South Car-
olina, argued to the same effpet, and argued at
length. The Senator from Maine, upon whose
motion these credentials were originally referred
to the Judiciary Committee, seemed then to en-
tertain the same opinions, although he took but
very little part in the discussion. A Senator at
that time from the State of Connecticut, Mr. Tou-
cey, argued to the same effect. The decision of
the Senate was that this clause of the constitution
of Illinois was in derogation of the Constitution
of the United States, and that no additional quali-
fications could be imposed; that the words of the
Constitution were exclusive of all others, and the
Senator was held justly and legally entitled to his
place, and he has kept it.
It is true that the question there was-not whether
the Senate could impose an additional qualifica-
tion, but whether the people of a State acting in
convention with full powers to fram^ an organic
law for the State, had the right for themselves to
declare one of their own citizens ineligible. If it
be decided that the people of a State cannot im-
pose any additional qualification, it sterns to me
there is no ground for argument or for inference
that one branch of the national Legislature may
impose additional qualifications.
Sir, I by no means deny that loyalty is an essen-
tial qualification for a Senator; far more essential
than his age, orhisresidence. I do notdoubtthat
two thirds of the Senate would agree with me in
that. In my judgment, to be fully qualified for a
Senator, one should possess still other qualifica-
tions. I think he should not only be thirty years
ofage, a citizen of the United States, an inhabitant
of the State, and loyal; but he should be tolerably
well versed in the rudiments of an English edu-
cation; should be able to procure a certificate of
good moral character from the selectmen of his
town; should believe in one God, that Mahomet
is not his prophet; should have been all his life,
up to July, 1854, a straight Whig; should have
been an ardent Republican ever since; and should
be in favor of the Treasury note bill with the legal
tender clause. I doubt if two thirds of the Sen-
ate would agree with me in all these views; per-
haps not even a majority. I do not think { my-
self would vote to expel a member for wanting
some of these qualifications. If I was discussing
a motion to elect a Senator, I should feel at liberty
to consider all these qualifications. If I was dis-
cussing a motion to expel, I would only consider
the first four. But debating as we are the ques-
tion of admission, I can only consider the first
three.
Loyalty is a qualification for a Senator in my
judgment; but the Constitution does not declare
it to be so. It has neither declared disloyalty a
disqualification for the Senate, nor has it defined
what disloyalty is. It has defined treason, but
not disloyalty. We have a dictionary which de-
fines it. But, according to that dictionary, it in-
cludes all degrees of falsehood, from treachery to
a government to infidelity to a mistress. Accord-
ing to one definition of disloyalty, I should be
compelled to declare the Senator from Massachu-
setts disloyal, and he in turn would be compelled
to declare me so. In my judgment, the Senator
from Massachusetts is not true to his obligations
under the Constitution because he does not up-
hold the constitutional right of the States to repre- |
sentation. He thinks me untrue to my constitu- i
tional obligations, because I do not uphold the
constitutional prerogatives of the Senate. And I
put these two questions to the Senate:
1. Is it the deliberate judgment of the Senate
that those representatives of the several States
who framed the Constitution, jealous as they are
known to have been of the rights of their several
constituencies, especially of the right of represent-
ation, did confer or would have conferred upon
the majority of the Senate the power to exclude
a representation from the body upon a charge so
general, so undefined, so shadowy and unsub-
stantial as that of disloyalty?
I ask, if we had to form a Constitution now, with
the experience of a century before us, would we
be willing to confer such a power upon a majority?
For myself I answer both and all those questions
in the negative.
I do not believe the framers of the Constitution
did confer upon the majority of the Senate the
authority to exclude a member upon an allegation
of disloyalty. Had such a proposition been made
to that convention, I do not believe it would have
received the assent of a single State. And if you
would submit to-day such a proposition to the
people by way of amendment, 1 do not believe a
single State in the Union would accept it.
Mr. HOWARD. The rebel States would not.
Mr. HOWE. Not one single State.
Mr. HOWARD. Every loyal State.
Mr. HOWE. Not one single State. Try it.
Mr. HOWARD. Try it.
Mr. HOWE. I venture the statement that not
a State in the Union would put such a power as
that into the Constitution, to exclude by a vote of
a majority upon a mere allegation of disloyalty.
Mr. HOWARD. Go before your own constit-
uents and see what they say there.
Mr. HOWE. I am going.
Mr. HOWARD. Yon will get your answer.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Wisconsin
will allow me a moment, I do not suppose there
is anybody that contends we should expel upon
an allegation of disloyalty. The Senator is beg-
ging the question. But I venture to say, if you
were to put it to every loyal State to-day, they
would say that the Senate should have the power,
and that it was their duty to expel a man who
was disloyal to the Constitution, not upon a mere
allegation, but upon the conviction in their minds
that such was the fact.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I will put it then upon the
proof of disloyalty, using that term, and without
confining it. I have no sort of question, if you
will put the definition to disloyalty which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire and the Senator from
Michigan have in their minds, that upon proof of
such disloyalty as that, they would give to the
majority of the Senate the power to exclude; but,
as 1 have already said, there are many degrees of
disloyalty and many different kinds of disloyalty,
and upon a mere proof of disloyalty, no State
would clothe a majority with such a dangerous
power, so latitudinarian as that is. That is my
judgment. If I found myself mistaken, I should
find myself where I have often found myself, in
a minority.
But, sir, it is needless to reason upon this ques-
tion, or to search the books for authority upon it.
We ourselves have passed upon the whole ques-
tion here in this very Chamber, during this very
session, and not ten days since. We cannot ex-
clude Mr. Stark from admission to the Senate
upon a charge of disloyalty by the vote of a ma-
jority of the Senate without trampling our own
precedents under foot.
During this very session we tried a member upon
this very charge of disloyalty; and I assert now
that it was the universal understanding of the Sen-
ate, that our only authority to try that question
was derived from that clause of the Constitution
which empowers two thirds of the Senate to ex-
pel a member. We expelled the member. It was
done by a vote of two thirds of the Senate re-
corded m the affirmative. And I say it was the
universal understanding of the Senate that less
than two thirds could not expel him. [Mr. Hale
shook his head.] I do not understand by the mo-
tion of the Senator's head whether he means to
assent to that or to deny it.
Mr. HALE. There is no dispute about that.
Mr. HOWE. It is admitted that not less than
two thirds could have expelled the late Senator
from Indiana. If it be said that was because he
was already in his seat, and could only be re-
moved by expulsion, I answer, on the contrary,
that if he was disqualified by the Constitution
from holding a seat, that fact could be determined
