930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
, HOUSE 01? REPRESENTATIVES.
' , . " t ' * SIondat, February 24, 1862.
- /Th^ House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by "the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H.Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
- : EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
' The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of State, in answer to a resolution of the
Hous? of the 19 th instant, calling for information
relative to the survey of lands in Colorado Terri-
tory: which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of comVmttees for reports.
3III.ITAE.Y RAILROAD.
Mi*. TRIMBLE, by unanimous-consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Rcsoh'cd, That the. President be requested to inform the
House whether, under authority of the act of January 31,
1862, entitled " An act to authorize the president of the
United States, in ceitam cases, to take possession of lail-
roatl and teiegiaph lines, and for other purposes," he has
orrtrtcd or contracted for the construction oi a raihoad for
military purposes, from Danville, Kentucky, to Knoxvrile,
Tennessee, or to anv other point m said State ; and, if so,
that he furnish the House a copy of such order or contract.
VICTORY OP FORT DONELSON.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I beg leave to
offer a resolution, not for action at present, but
that it may lie on the tabic.
Tile Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved hythe Senate and Ilciuseof Rcprcsentaltresof the
United Statet of America in Congress assembled, Tnat the
thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby fncscntcd, to
Generals Ilalleult and Grant, for planning the recent move-
ments within their respective divisions, and to botii those
eeneials, as well as to the officers and men under their com-
mand, for achieving the glorious vietones m which those
movements have lesulted.
There bong no objection, the. resolution was
received:
Air. COX. I move that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My purpose in
offering the resolution and asking that it may lie
overwithoutactionnoWjisthis: [ desire thatthose
who earn military honors shall wear them, and
shall wear all the honors to which they are enti-
tled. I believe the officers named in this resolu-
tion are entitled to certain credit, and I desire the
resolution to await future action, perhaps amend-
ment; and 1 care not what particular disposition
is made of it for the present. I would like to call
up the subject when the House and the country
shall be put in full possession of all the facts in the
case, including the reports to be made by the dif-
ferent generals, and when we shall know whether
these victories were organized or directed at a dis-
tance from the fields where they were won, and if
so by whom organized, or whether they were the
conceptions of those who executed them. I have,
as I have said, very little care whether, to this end,
the resolution takes a reference or goes to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. COX. I should have no objection to this
[esolution, but I think that it should be a little
more extensive. It seems to be a matter of opin-
ion with gentlemen as to who designed these vic-
tories. 1 understood the gentleman from New
fork the other day to give a great deal of credit
to the joint committee on the conduct of the war.
Perhaps the gentleman will include that commit-
tee in his resolution. One thing is very certain,
Mr. Speaker, and that is that these resolutions of
thanks to our officers ought to be very carefully
drawn and very carefully considered, to the end
that no one entitled to credit shall be excluded
from them. I hope, therefore, the gentleman will
not do injustice to any of those who may be enti-
t.ed, on further examination, to the credit for these
victories. I hope this resolution will be referred,
■is other similar resolutions have been, to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ROSCOE 'CONKLING. I am very
indeed that the gentleman from Ohio has referred
to a remark which fell trom me the other day. It
was not, as he may suppose, that to the joint com-
mittee on the conduct of the war these victories
were Sue, or any other results. The remark I made ^
then, and which lam very glad to repeat now, was
this: that to that committee, along with other kin-
dred agencies, in which I include the action of the
President of the United States and of the present
Secretary of War, as well as of Congress, were
due most vitalizing and important reforms, with-
out which recent victories might not have been
achieved; and in order that the gentleman from
Ohio may get the whole benefit of that remark and
of the belief that prompted it, I will take occasion
to say now that I venture to predict-the truthful
history of these victories will demonstrate that not
alone to the modes of doing things, nor to the
sources of movements which until recently pre-
vailed in military affairs; not alone to the agencies
which were at work when Congress met; not, by
any means, to these alone, are to be attributed the
brilliant successes in the West. 1 will hazard the
opinion that time, will show the value of more re-
cent causes, and of the vigorous exercise of power
which long lay dormant and which has roused
itself in harmony with a longing for results and
for action, which has shown itself in debates and
proceedings here, and in anxious expressions of
people and press in every loyal portion of the
country.
The great necessity of the occasion, the need
and the fitness of something more than vague as-
surances for the future, has inaugurated action—
resolute, onward action—and to this inspirited
policy is due movements which have culminated
in glorious success. I do not believe the recent
movements in the West are a part of any long-
existing plan conceived elsewhere and only now
unfolding itself. I do not believe these victories
were arranged or won by men sittingatadistance,
engaged in what has been termed " organizing vic-
tory." My belief is that they have been achieved
by bold and resolute men left free to act and to
conquer; men having the'confidence of their sol-
diers; men who believe that the hearts of a patri-
otic soldiery are the best intrenehments, and that
devotion to the cause they fight for is the best dis-
cipline with which to win battles. They are due
to men who have believed in action, unhesitating
action, with the bayonet when needed, and not in
"organizing victory." I meant this, the other
day, by the remark the gentleman alludes to, as
far as it was applicable to the movements which
had then occurred; and I am very glad to have
the opportunity to say it now of those that have
happened since.
One other word in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio, nnd I will yield the floor. Like him, I
should be very unwilling to withhold from a sin-
gle general or officer, be he high or low, a morsel
of the credit he deserves; and my purpose in offer-
ing this resolution and asking that it may lie over
till a future day is, that Congress and the country
may discriminate and award just praise by award-
ing it to those who have earned it. I want to
crown with heroic honors the real heroes of this
war, and I shall be very glad to have the resolu-
tion amended so as to embrace every general and
every officer and private who should be included,
and my object will be accomplished if the great
honor belonging to the blows lately struck on
western rivers and their banks shall be conferred
where it belongs, and shall not be appropriated or
absorbed by any person whatever who has not
earned it.
I will now hear the proposition of my colleague,
[Mr. Penton,] who has something to uffer.
Mr. FENTON. I have drawn very hastily
an amendment to the resolution now before t)ie
House, which I think embraces the idea which my
colleague has just suggested, and I ask to have it
read. I offer it, if it is in order, as an addition to
the resolution.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That the thanks of Congress be tendered to the officers
ami soldiers who have rushed to aims to sustain the fabnc
which our fathers oiccted, and whose devotion has been
ahke conspicuous, whothur in the camp or in the field,
whether by thateheerluS pauionsm and unwearied ardor to
be led to the I'cce uf the enenu<*& oi' oui eouritiy, or then
niatohk'^ valor in contest
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I should be very
unwilling to thwart, if I could, any desire my col-
league may have, but i submit to him, and {think ,
he will agree with me, that the amendment he :
proposes is an entire transformation of my reso- j
lution, and destructive of its object. I mean by !
the resolution to secure the action of this House, !
and of the other House, if possible, at the proper
time, in awarding the meed of praise and credit due
to the men entitled to it not only for the achieve-
ment of these victories, but for the planning and
conception of the movements which led to them;
whereas the resolution of my colleague is a gen-
eral resolution thanking all manner of persons
for all manner of things which have taken place
during the war. I now ask that my resolution
may lie over for debate; and then, if it is in order,
the gentlemen from Ohio can move to refer it to a
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I believe the motion is
to refer this resolution to a committee. I suggest
to the gentleman from New York that he allow it
to take that course. There is certainly no man
here who would withhold his thanks from the two
distinguished officers named in that resolution. I
feel a peculiar interest in one of them, General
Grant—a man, I may say here, who is as brave
as he is modest and incorruptible. But there are
other generals and other officers who were upon
that field, and whom we may wish to thank in the
same connection. There isagentleman who served
with us in the last Congress and in a portion of the
present Congress, who was upon that battle-field,
nofcly doing his duty, General John A. McCler-
nand. There is another gentleman who is now
a member-of the House; I mean Colonel Logan,
who distinguished himself gloriously, and fell
wounded upon that field. And yet there are still
other brave officers who were there who should
not be forgotten. I hope, therefore, the resolution
maybe permitted to take the course suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio, and go to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, who may amend it as the
facts may seem to require. And if the gentleman
from New York is through, I will move the pre-
vious question on the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I cannotpermit
that for the reason that I promised to resume the
floor and yield it to the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand who is entitled to the floor. He understood
the gentleman from Ohio to resign the floor when
it was assigned to the gentleman from NewYork.
Mr. COX. I do not think the gentleman from
New York himself so understood it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. There can be no
difficulty in that respect, fori will yield the floor
to the gentleman from Ohio as soon as I have said
a word m reply to the gentleman from Illinois.
I took pains in drafting this resolution, although
I did it hastily, to so restrict its terms that it could
not be at all open to the criticism suggested by the
gentleman from Illinois. The resolution declares
the thanks of Congress due to these two generals
for the movements planned in their respective di-
visions, not departments; the expression is a de-
parture from sirictmilitaryphraseology, I believe,
and employed to confine the resolution to the acts
actually done by those named. My design was
to leave the whole matter open for gentlemen to
offer additional resolutions or amendments to this,
including other generals, officers, and men to the
utmost extent which justice may require or war-
rant. It was very far from my purpose to exclude
from the thanks to be presented any person who
was a participant in these movements, and who
may properly be included in the resolution. The
only desire or purpose I have is to initiate a move-
ment which will place the su bject before the House,
and enable us at a future day to make proper dis-
crimination when we take action upon it.
, The resolution I think had better simply lie
over for future debate than to be referred; i>vt I
am not strenuous. I now yield the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. The reason why I move to refer
this resolution to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs has been in part indicated by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washbtjrne.] Tins resolu-
tion selects only two of the generals engaged in
the recent conflict at Fort Donelson—Oreneialfj
Halleck and Grant. If, sir, there are any gen-
erals entitled to orcdit for success in thatgreat con-
flict, General Smith, of Pennsylvania, and ourrc-
cent associate, General McClernrmrl, of Illinois—.
than whom no braver or truer soldier adorns the
army of the West—are entitled to an equal share
of the glory and an equal consideration in the
thanks of Congress.
