1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Suues, as the superlative degree of all the absurd-
ities to be found in the universal cbaineS-hou.se
of kgal abominations. Justice Taney—ay, sir,
Taney—assumes thatitisself-cvidentlymonstrous
to bold that anyeourtcould interfere with the mil-
itary possession of persons, whom the President
Jiad arrested in a war against insurrection; and
he not only holds that property is subjected to the
powers of war over it, but he declares that any
other doctrine would turn the Constitution into
" a guarantee of anarchy." But will the gentleman
inform this country that the laws of war suspend
and for the time, when the public safety demands
it, ovemde the civil powers of this Government,
so that persons can be deprived oflibeuy, and can
be held free from the interference of courts, in mili-
tary arrest, and yet that war cannot, for the public
safety, deprive them of property 7 You can try a
rebel spy at the drum-head, and, on conviction,
shoot him; but to save the Republic you cannot
forfeit his negro ! Buckner's hands are to-day red
and reeking with the hot heart's blood of our
gallant dead—hands from which all great Nep-
tune's ocean will not wash clean the blood. Could
a rebel judge in Kentucky discharge him and his
fourteen thousand fellow-traitors oh habeas corpus?
No, answers Chief Justice Taney, the supreme
oracle of the law; no, you can not only hold him,
but, ifhiscase be such that the laws of war admit,
you may shoot him. But you may not free his
slave, though the Republic perish. The slave has
knowledge of which you can possess yourself by
granting him liberty, which knowledge will save
our Army and the Republic; but both must per-
ish, for you cannot emancipate a slave to save
them both 1 So says the gentleman from Indiana.
He must say so, because he denies the power of
war to free a slave. If he admits that we may
free one for the public safety, then he yields the
legal puna pie, and admits that as war may liber-
ate one it may liberate all whom the public safety
requires to be freed.
"Why sir, of what kind of celestial stuff is this
hand made up which ties the slave to his lord and
master, that the spear of Ithune! nor the swoid
of war can neither pierce nor sever it? Does not
the gentleman know that democratic administra-
tions and commanders, in about every war in which
this Government has ever been involved since its
origin, have exercised the right to emancipate slaves
by act of war, and that not against traitors cither ?
Sir, the science of Government, like the science of
mathematics, hath its axioms—truths which are,
like the attributesof God,eternal, unalterable,and
self-evident. One of these truths, which stands
inscribed in characters of unextinguishable light
over the portals of the temples of law, and which
en wreaths the very brow of the statues of justice
m every land where liberty hath a home—which
is the frontal gem in the constellation oflegal lights
collected by Bacon and Broom—is the precise
truth whicli the gentleman from Indiana has de-
nounced as the damning heresy of treason to the
Constitution; and which he tells us the member
from Kentucky has overthiown foiever. That
truth " Saluspopidi suprema lex"it is which, when
required for the public good, commands this Gov-
ernment to consume the field, the house, the city,
and the lives of the most loyal and valued citizen.
But, sir, the lights of Loid Bacon and Broom
" pale their ineffectual fires" befoie the new torch
which my able friend brings to us from Indiana,
with lights borrowed from a KentuckyJs sun. By
the light of that new flambeau we see that the
sages, saints, and martyrs ofconstitutional liberty
and law have for ages misread the foundation
maxim of human government; and that, instead
of its leading " Salus populi suprema lex/" it leads
" Salus Pompeij suprema lex.'' Which being inter-
plead, si^nifieth: 'kThe safety of negro slavery
is the supreme law of the land!"
Sir, somebody said that the Declaration of In-
deptnduice is a* self-evident be! The Supreme :
Court of the United States—and, worst of all, by
the hps of Justice Taney—has said that the gen-
tleman's law is a selt-evident fallacy !
If I misappiehend the position of the gentleman
from Indiana, and if he admits the war powei of
" enptme" and " confiscation/* when required to
;>a\e the Government, and only denies the power
m Congress to abolish slavery by permanentand
general municipal acts of emancipation, then I
agree with him, as the sequel of my remarks will
show.
935
Two propositions I now state which limit and
qualify every remark I shall make as to the right
and duty of this Government to confiscate or for-
feit property in and by war:
1. The right and power of the Government to
resort to such forfeitures is derived solely from
the same source from which its power to make
" captures" in war is derived, which is the inher-
ent right of national defense and self-preservation;
and all laws ofconfiscation, capture, and forfeiture
should be framed and executed with reference and
subservient to this end—the national defense and
self-preservation.
2. That it results from the preceding proposi-
tion that it is neither the right nor the true policy
of this Government to inflict upon and to reduce
to beggary an entire people by indiscriminate and
sweeping acts of confiscation or forfeiture; but
such acts should be framed and executed with sole
reference to the punishment, prevention, and over-
throw of rebellion.
I content myself by laying down, in the lan-
guage of all the authorities known to the law of
nations, a single rule, which includes and settles
every possible question of forfeiture which can
arise in this war. That rule is, that although pri-
vate property of an enemy on land is ordinarily
exempt from confiscation, exccptsuch as may be-
come booty in special cases—as when taken from
the enemy in the field or m besieged towns—and
except, also, military contributions levied on the
inhabitants of hostile territories, yet, you arc "au-
thorized to use against an enemy such degree of
violence, and such only as may bo necessary to
secure the objects of hostilities; and if it be neces-
sary, in order to accomplish the jus? ends of war,
you may ravage and lay waste the enemy's prop-
erty/' and of course confiscate it; and even where
it might not be necessary to seize private property
to accomplish the just ends of war, but the estab-
lished usages of war aie violated by your enemy,
andtherc arc no meansof restraining his excesses,
retaliation may be resorted to by the suffering na-
tion, in order to compel the enemy to return to the
observance of the law which he has violated.
(Wheaton's International Law, pp. 420, 421.)
What is included in the employment of the term
" when necessary," as employed in these author-
ities, it is not important to examine; because, if
you assume that the " necessity" which author-
izes confiscation must be the extreme one appli-
cable to acts made lawful by the " necessity" of
national self-preservation—which your own Gov-
ernment,in theMcLeodcase, says must be " over-
whelming"—still it would be admitted that sack
degree of necessity" exists in favor of the Gov-
ernment in this war.
Applying then, these plain and elementary laws
of war to this contest, and all questions of ught
of confiscation are settled. The war is just. You
not only began not this drama of blood, but you
"lay supmelv upon your backs, hugging the de-
lusive phantom of ho"pe, until your enemy bound
you hand and foot." Itis just, because youstiug-
gle for ends no less momentous than the preser-
vation of lepublican Government, arid for human
liberty itself; just, because the rebellion is cause-
less, the rebels themselves being judges; just, be-
cause the Government you seek to preserve, in
its results upon all the people of a hemisphere,
in their material, social, and moral interests, for
three quarters of a century, has shown it to be the
best human Government ever established among
niHii.
The ends of this war are just. And then add
to tins the consideration growing out of the disre-
gard of the just rules of war by your enemy, as
vou experience it, not in the universal repudia-
tion of pecuniary obligations, hut in the sweeping
and universal sequestration of the property of the
loyal men of the Republic; as you experience it
in'the devastation ofloyal homes and possessions;
as 3*ou encounter it in the indiscriminate slaughter
oi exile of all unarmed and helpless men, women,
and children suspectcd of loyalty to the Consti-
tution, and in the destruction or confiscation of
their pioperty, and as you experience it in the
pnacios on the sea;and will not the voice of pub-
he law, the safety and sueccss of the Government
in this contest, and the enlightened conscience of
all Christendom alike not sanction merely, but
demand, that sifc/mrebellion, so prosecuted, shall j
be met and dealt with by such laws of warfare as j
will not only compel " a icturn to the observance  
of the law which it has violated," but by such
as will render its overthrow absolutely certain?
The right of confiscation I have considered is
applicable to property seized in the rebel districts.
Under the decision m Brown us. United-States,
(8 Cranch,) a different rule and more unlimited
right of confiscation probably exists. This I shall
not stop to consider.
The conclusion to which I am thus conducted,
Mr. Chairman, I am brought to by all the au-
thority of the great body of the public law, itself
the sublime emanation and result of the joint
forces of the reason, the civilization, and the
Christianity of eighteen centuries. I am brought
to it by the plain and express requirements of the
Constitution of the United States! I am brought
to it by the history and practices of your own
Government during three quarters of a century;
by the opinions of the groat expounders of your
Constitution; by the judgments of the supreme
judicial tribunals of the land; and, above ail, by
the irresistible logic of a just, imperious, and over-
whelming necessity—the necessity given by the
RIGHT OF SELF-PRESERVATION. That conclusion
is, that in this war it is notthe right merely, but
the stern and terrible duty of the Government to
bring to its rescue from this peril every force which
the law of self-preservation places in its hands;
forces controlled, guided, and aimed by law, itis
true, but still such force as shall be requisite to
attain thejust ends ofthe war. Among these forces
is that one which is described in the Constitution
as " captures by land and water."
Sir, it is as to the extent of and the wisest modes
of asserting these war powers of the Government
over property that the greatest variety of opinion
exists in the country, and in Congress. The
right and duty of the Government to exert this
extraordinary power over property, to some ex-
tent, and in some way, is doubted by but few.
One bill is pending in the House emancipating all
slaves in the United States; another emancipates
the slaves of all the rebels m the United States;
and a thiid, reported from the Military Commit-
tee, emancipates all such owned by rebels as shall
m any way be " captured " by our arms, and this,
as I understand it, as merely a regulation of acts
of war, and to promote the just ends of the war.
And it provides modes of disposing of them as
freed men. Itis with unaffected distrust of my-
self that I have come to the opinion that the last
of the measures I have named, so far as it relates
to emancipation, is the only one not subject to
grave constitutional objections, and that it is the
wisest and best for the Government, for the cause
of constitutional liberty, and for the slaves them-
selves.
I propose to allude to only some of the consid-
erations which have led me to this opinion—an
opinion I shall, of course, abandon if I shall find
it erroneous.
Sir, any law whose present utility comes from
its being speedily executed, but which purports
now to emancipate slaves beyond our military
lines, is mere biavado. Mr. Chairman, pronun-
ciamientos are ordinarily unbecoming real sover-
eignty. A Government conscious of its power
never employs the brutumfalmen as forerunner of
its meditated redress. Law is quiet, majestic, and
serene as she sits self-poised and secure upon her
throne; and siie utters no voices from the mouths
of blatant trumpets far beyond the reach of her
sword. Since the siege of Jericho rams'horns
have not grown in favor as siege ordnance, and
the proclamations by which weak and tottering
dynasties heiald against their enemies their impo-
tent spite have become the Chinese gongs of mod-
ern waifare. The fallen Stuart sent from St.
Germains a catalogue of his revenges meditated
against all England: and his navies, burning at
La Hogue, attest to all history how poor a thing
a proclamation is with which to make war. I
would utter from this capital no bulls. Rather
take the models of your dialect from the midnight
god, Silence, than boirow them from Gascony.
The people are sick of, and the woild is laughing
at, the amazing couiage of Congress—these Peter
Pindar heiocs, who wear their daggers in their
mouths, and who
<• Dash and vapor
Less on the fh*Jd of battle than on paper
and who are going to bring this war to a speedy
and glorious end by the clangor of belligerent
edicts and the clash of sanguinary statutes; and,
