1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
lights m Uiese woids found in a very recent issue
ofa loading southern journal:
-4 It' tlie \\:u *-liouM bo Jong continued, tJie foicible and
umver* al ;ii)oi irion of ^l.ivcn wiJl be inevitable, If it should
{-pyodily bo brought to a clo.-c. gradual emancipation in State
after frtau; by tlie introduction of free labor with political
m.'lus will bo the natural consequences of tlie rebellion.
Those are solemn trutlH which time will verify."
And this, sir, is stonily, terribly just. To save
the Republic let slavery perish. It has sown to
the wind; let it reap the whirlwind. It has taken
the sword; let it perish by the sword. It has
poisoned a chalice for others5 lips: now, with even-
nnnded justice, commend it to its own. Now,
when .slavery is about tins, the consummation of
ali its villainies, 44 trip it and let its heeis kick at
heaven." Not by my love of country, of home,
of liberty, alone, hut by my admiration of God's
first attribute, justice, 1 say, to save the Govern-
ment, let slavery perish. But then, sir, if I am
expected to attain this end through treasons against
the Constitution, through broken oaths of fealty
to it, and through means which may wreck all
constitutional government; and when in that wreck
I may lose my own liberty as well as the slaves'
whom I sought to free, I turn away from a policy
not merely replete with danger, but stamped also
with a Punic faith and with the morality 'of a
Borgia.
I hear from altars consecrated to the adorations
of the Duty, from journals wearing the "livery
of heaven," and from lips consecrated to the of-
fices of religion, and even from some congressional
whispers, the ghastly taunt and sneer, " Consti-
tution-woishiper," " idolatry of constitutions."
And these say, " to overthrow slavery let the Con-
stitution whi'-h recognizes and protects it be over-
thrown;" ,s the end sanctifies the means." The
end sanctifies the means! Ah ! sir, this morality
and these politics are not new. li For the higher
glory of God"-—in major cm Dei gloriam"—
lighted the first aulo da fe at the castle of Triana,
and the last one at Seville; it glared m the blood
of Alice Lisle and of Hewling, from the temple
doors where Jcffrirs held the " bloody assizes;"
it flashed from jho arms of Glenloyan at the mas-
sacre of Glenco; it rang out from the great bell of
the palace on the midnightair of St. Bartholomew,
and was lead ;n the bloom of that hawthorn in the
garden of " the innocents;" it made a martyr's
crown for Digby, and put Garnet into the calen-
dar of saints. Sir, upon the car which carried
llobcsp;orre through streets which he deluged in
the blood of innocent citizens were wtitten the
words, "Liberator of the People"—{£ De-
rlndlr or Liberty."
Sit, bad mums ii^ver have good ends. Adopt
a measure which changes the wai to a revolution:
make aH the South what Ncy said to Napoleon
the Peninsula was to the French, wheic wo will
nor haw crimes onlv to fight, but women and chil-
dren; enlarge the nation of your enemies by taking
from yur own the resources and the people of a
v,hole zone of tlie continent: distract your own
Army by the demoralization, or something worse,
of those who regard (whether rightly or not is not
vety materia! m its results on the practicalities of
war) these measures as a revolution; then add mil-
lions to that party w hich now coys and dailies with
tieas'nt at th."1 North: and do this for the .sake of
fulminating at v«mi enemy astalutoi y nbstiaction
which, beyond your lines, is baseless as a vision's
fabric, and then what wJi come' 1 h"re phutmy
eves to tho book in which somo fotuie Tacitus
sh'Jl ] i-coi J , and sonv future Dante shall celebrate
in mfunal smiir what will come—come m the
mingled t"ars and i• I.>od ot a once great people—
the last < \usis of their history.
Instead of those, let every loyal heart in the Re-
public now renew us allegiance to the Constitu-
tion in oaths and promises and blood. Let every
loval aim now covei itself, in the day ot battle,
with tU'"4 tnphj shield of " him who hath his quar-
rel just." Let our luothers and sons, as m the
tempests of war they sweep to their io\on^e, f-xd
violas no oath< to that Constitution which
i hev pu 11 heinsclv''S upon the dread arbitrament ot
God "h ju.stice fo nr«>teet. Let all the peopV gather,
m encJ''^ widennnr and sUvn'iihemog to4i'l'ul ,!l^"
nite, around this ark of our " covenant. Let the
rulers«>'* ihe land, whom tie - Continuant ietrusts
to guide the awlul ietul>utu nsot war, now, m the
midst of storm, MjikI semn'ehs to the Constitu-
tion, as eonsi.int and um hanging as th" \ miN kep'
hy the iioiuleis Nj she noi th sLii . L« I tla^e >e *
to it that these dread retributions arc ail aimed to
blast, as with live thunder, whatever must be
stricken in order to the Government's rescue,
whether that be human slavery or any other source
or spring of this hideous treason. Let these things
be, and then as certainly as came the overthrow of
the revolt of God's angels; as certainly as came
to the Chaldean king the execution of that decree
which was written by the fingers of a man's hand
overagainstthe candlestick upon the plaster of the
wall of the king's palace, so certainly will come the
overthrow of this rebellion, the crowning wicked-
ness of human history; and with that overthrow
will come tiie overthrow of the power of slavery
in our Government, and the dawn of that morn-
ing whose light was seen through the ages from
the summits of Mount Moriah, and which is told
of in the seraphic utterances of prophetic vision,
when the people " shall loose the bands of wicked-
ness, undo the heavy burdens, let the oppressed
go free, and break every yoke."
The general debate being now closed, the first
reading of the bill was, by unanimous conscnt,
dispensed with, and the Clerk proceeded, to read
it by clauses for amendment.
Mr. BAKER, I move that the committee rise,
in -order that the time allowed for debate be ex-
tended one hour, to enable the gentleman fiom
Indiana [Mr. Holman] to make a speech.
Mr. STEVENS. There are other bills upon
i which the gentleman will have an opportunity of
' making his speech.
j Mr. BAKER. I withdraw my motion.
! Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out from line
| eleven hundred and forty-seven to line eleven hun-
J dred and fifty-one, inclusive, as follows:
I For the compensation of five extra clerks employed in the
I Indian office, under the act of 5th August, J&54, and 3d
I JHnrcl), ib55, and undei appiopriations made flow year to
! j car, $7,000.
] This appropriation of $7,000 does not seem to
■ be one of those permanent appropriations which
I we are required by law to make for the Indian
' service. It may be fairly presumed that the labor
' of the Indian department has been very materi-
| ally diminished, by the defection of a large num-
i ber of Indians with which we have treaty stipula-
I tions. The appropriation seems from the reading
, of it, to be one which is merely continued from
j year to year; and may therefore, if these clerks
! are not needed, very properly be omitted. If it
!' be true that there is anylawrequiringthese clerks
i to be retained, I have not been able to find it. _ I
|| desire to inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, whether T have not cor-
!j rectly stated the conditions of this appropria-
don, and whether we may not piopeily retain or
K strike it out, as we may see necessary? There is
j; certainly a large diminution in the amount of
i woik to he performed by the Indian department,
p and I think we should make provision for the re-
•I ductiim of the expenses of that department at least
i: so far as this S7,UOO is concerned.
! > Mr. STEVENS. These clerks were provided
II for by law; but the service they were to perform
I1 was not considered sufficiently permanent in its
1 character to make tlie estimate for them absolutely
necessary every year. Taut was left to the dis-
( cietion of the Department. The Department,upon
. the examination of the business they had for these
! clei ks to do, though t that o ne further appropriation
was necessary to bring up the business, and the
• CiiiuBJ'ttce Of' Ways and Means, having no means
oi'jud-11!"- ot' the facts except through the report
I of'the"Department, put the appropriation la the
bill. '
! Mr. HOLMAN. I would like jo inquiie ot tlie
j chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
i if he has the act of Congress authorizing this in-
creased clerical force before him ? I do not una
any S'leh act as is referred to in this item. I find
several acts here parsed on the 3d March, 1855,
referring to various subjects, but no such provis-
ion authorizing this increase of clerical force, or
.•my provision having amy application at all to this
subject.
But, sir, the very terms made use of m this item
of the bill show that the appropriation was only
intended to be tempoiary 111 its nature, that is,
made simply from year to year, and that there is
no Jj\v lenniring it to be permanent. Inasmuch,
therefore, as the business ot the department has
very much diminished, I hope this appropriation
will he stricken out.
The question was put on the amendment, and
only six members rose in the affirmative.
Ml'. HOLMAN. I demand a further count.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope thegentleman -will not
insist on breaking up the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman will permit
me to move the amendment in the House, I will
withdraw it now.
Mr. STEVENS. I will.
Mr. HOLMAN. I then withdraw ray amend-
ment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
| and Means to this appropriation 011 the 48th page:
j For compensation of two extra clerks in the Indian office,
] employed to carry out the treaty with the Cliickasaws in
tiie adjustment of their claims, §2,800.
| I ask the gentleman whether reference should
i not be made to this appropriation and all similar
I appropriations in the bill in the proviso at the end
! of the bill? so that if payments are not made to
' the Indian tribes in hostility to the United States,
clerical force need not be continued in connection
with such payments.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the proviso to the
last clause of the bill covers everything that is re-
quired ill connection with that matter.
The CHAIRMAN7. Debate is not in order ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRAIN. I object.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. In order to bring the
matter regularly before the committee, 1 move to
: add to the last paragraph these words:
And excluding, also, compensation to ail clerks employed
in cui lying out ail treaties with &ucli tribes.
j Mr. STEVENS. I cannot see the use of that,
i Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The only question
| is whether these clerks should be continued in em-
i ployment for the purpose of carrying out treaties
! with Indian tribes who are in a state of hostility
| with the United States, or in regard to any of the
] appropriations which are suspended by this pro-
' viso at the end of the bill.
j Mr. STEVENS. Only portions ofany of these
i tribes are-in hostility against the United States,
: and the terms of the treaties apply still to theloyal
j Indians remaining.
| Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw the
S amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish ,to call the attention
! of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
; Means to this last proviso, which is that no appro-
j priations heretofore made or hereafter to be made
; shall be applied to Indians in actual hostility to the
! United States. I want to understand whether that
: will apply to the appropriations now made.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that is well enough
■ as it is.
j, Mr. WRIGHT. I would suggest that "now"
j' be inserted as well as " heretoioie" and " here-
I. after."
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, that is well enough.
|i The gentleman, I suppose, does not understand
jl Indian dialect. [Laughter.] I move that thecom-
l' mittee rise and leport the bill to the House.
;! The motion was agreed to.
i; So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pendleton reported that
1 the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
'' Union had according to order had the Union gen-
! ei-ally under consideration, and particularly a bill
''' (IT. It. No. 26U) making appropii.itions for the
eunetit and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
^ with various Indian tribes, tor the year ending
, .Tune 30, 1863, and had instructed him to report
the same to the House without amendment, and
: with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 now offer the same amend-
'' ment I moved ill committee, to strike out from the
' eleven hundred and forty-seventh line to the eleven
hundred and fifty-first line, inclusive, as follows:
For tile compensation of five c.xlr.i clinks employed m
the Indian office, undei the act of;.!!, August, 1*54. am! 3(1
Maich, 18.35, and undei appiopaations made from year to
year, ^7,000.
1 only desire to say, m reference to the amend-
ment, that it seems tliis has always been an extra
appropriation, and is not requited by any exist-
in™ law.
Mr. STEVENS. It has been made now for
six v.'arr, and "(lie Department deem it necessary
to be made for one year longer. I call the pre-
vious ques'ioii uiioii the hill.
