1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
on imported goods. Is it the purpose of the Sec-
jMiuiy of the Trc.isury to retain the coin for the
time hc-mg, until the payment of interest becomes
duo, which would run from one to six months,
in the various sub-Treasuries of the country; or
will he take it into the market and sell it, a thing-
which lie has no authority to dor
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot say what the Secre-
tary ^1C Treasury will do. If I were Secretary
of the Treasury I could tell what I woujd do. I i
would issue these bonds payable every month in '
the year, one after another, so that the interest j
would fall dueevery month in the year. He would \
then have to retain the coin m the sub-Treasury ;
only for U ss than a month. Whether or not the !
vSeeretary of the Treasury will do that, 1 cannot :
sav,forl have had no intercourse with him upon ;
the subject: but! say it seems to me that would be
a wise course to pursue. I see the difficulty which i
the ^entlcnutn suggests; and a great burden it •
would be to have retain the coin as it accumulated j
for six months; hence I would make thos^ bonds '
Var date at twelve different periods, and have the ;
interest fall due at twelve different periods, so that j
the coin received in each month should pay the i
interest falling due that month. !
Mr. BAKER. That has not been the practice 1
heretofore. ]
Mr. STEVENS. We are introducing new
practices all around; we are making1 one curruncy
for the people, and another currency for other
purposes. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. BAKER demanded the yeas and nays upon
a^iYving to the repoit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 97, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Atiev, Ashley. Babbitt, Joseph
Bailv. Brmei. itaanun. Bmsham, Fiancis P. J3i,nr, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, William G. Blown, Cmnham, Chamberlm,
Clatk. Ck'iiiont**, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkline,
Itosco'e Conkluiir. Coiuvhv. Cornm?, Omtencleii, Cutler,
Davis, Dawe?, lUven, Dileli, Dunlap, Dunn, Clsot, Ely,
re-jbi'nden, Franchot. {'jank, Giidei, U<ile. Hall, Ilaiding,
Ilain&rm. lliekinan, Hoitmm. Ilorton, Hutclnns. Kelley,
Linsmg, Law. Leai\. Lehman. Loomis, McKni^ht, Mc-
Fhet-soii, Muliory, .Viavnaid, Mitchell, Mooriiead, Nixon,
Nugcn, Olni, Fatton, Poni^roy, Portei, Potter. Piico, Alex-
ander H. ltie<\ Riddle. Edwaid II. Itoltni>. Jaiiic< S. Rol-
lins, SatL'ent, Sedgwick, Shanks. Shellaba'ger, Sherman,
Sloan. Smith, John B. Steele, Stevens, Suauon, Benjamin
F. Th'om.b. Tiain. Tumble. Tiov\ buchre, Upton. Van
{loin, V.in Valkenhutsh, Venee. Yibbaid, Wall, Charles
W. W.iUou. E. P. Walton. Vwud, Wheelei, Albeit Si.
White. Wil-on, Wiud'un. Worcester, ntid Wright—97.
XAYS Me-M*. Bakei. Biddie. Buflmton, C'o\, EdwauK
EiilMim), Uaiaht, Hooper', Johnson, Jn tm S. MoinlKOdell.
Pendleton. PeitV, Pike. Robinson, bh^frield. William G.
^•tCvjo, Van Vu ck. Vooihec-. Wickliflo. Wood, and
Woodiufr—-Ji
So tin- report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motioo to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Z. B. CAVEULY.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House fiom the further consideiation of the* bill
(1-1. R. No. 284) for the relief of Z. R. Cayerly,
late secretary of legation at Lima, Peru. This is
:ase 1 referred to the? other day—of a person
the c
lymq, sick m tins city.
The bill, which was read for information, di-
rects that there be paid, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated,the sum of
^ 1,OSS to Z. B. Caveily, late secretaty of legation
at Lima, Peru, for his services and expenses as
social messenger from Lima to Washington, in
lt?39  1560, and 1861, that being the amount of
the pei diem and expenses of said messenger, after
deducting therefrom hi5? salary for the time ofsuch
service tv* secretary of legation.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whol- was dischaiged from the further consid-
• TiU'on of the hill, and it was brought before the
House for action.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would hke to inquire if this
lull is recommended bv a committee.
Mr. COX. The Committee on Foreign Affairs
are unanimously in favor ol it. 1 will state for
the information of the House that the only charge
< onlained m that bill is tor the seivices ot Air.
Cavei ly as bearer of pub! ic d i spa to lies from Lima
to Washington city. He came out at two differ-
ent times; first in 1859, and again in 1860, then
remaining over here until 1861 He is not paid
anything for services as secretary of legation dur-
ing that time.
But I will not make a speech upon the subject.
The Committee on Foreign A (lairs were unani-
mously of opinion that he should be paid that
sum, and even more than is asked for in the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed. i
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which ,
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH LINES.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution to de-
clare the meaning of the act to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States, m certain cases, to take
possession of railroad and telegraph lines, and for
other purposes, approved January 31, 1862, and
to repeal a part of said act.
Objection being made,
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to suspend the rules to
11 enable him to introduce the said resolution.
!j The resolution, which was read for informa-
;1 tion, provides that the act above referred to shall
[ j not be so construed as to authorize the construc-
: j tion of any railroad or the completion of any such
'j road, the greater part of which remained uncom-
'! pleted at the time of the passage of said act. or to
engage in any extended work of railroad construc-
tion,and repealsso much of said act as authorizes
the President of the United States to extend and
complete any railroad construction.
The question was taken; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended, and
the joint resolution was before the House for
j! action.
Mr. HOLMAN. J move the previous question.
!i Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
jj tion will not be seconded.
j I The previous question was seconded, and the
j! main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
|j grossedand read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
|i Mr. HOLMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
'i The previous question was seconded, and the
!' main question ordered.
Mr.'MAYNARD. Is it in order to move to
I< refer the joint resolution to the Committee on
;! Military Affairs >
h The SPEAKER. It is not: the main question
havm<r been ordered.
|| Mi-rBINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays
:j on the passage of the joint resolution.
: The yeas and nays were not ordered.
: The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. STEVENS mo\ed to reconsider the vote
! Ly which the joint resolution was passed; and
■. also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
'. the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KATLIlOAD FROM KFAT YORK TO WASHINGTON'.
,! Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, iiitro-
.{ duced a bill to secure increased railroad facilities
j between the cities of New Yoik and Washington;
I which was read a first and second time, and ve-
il ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
,! WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
i| Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported a bill to incorporate the Washington and
j Georgetown Railroad Company; which was read
'! a first and second time, ordered to be printed, and
,; recommitted to the Committee for the District of
■ i Columbia.
'! RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
! Mr. KLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unanimous
1 consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table joint resolution of the House No. 37, in re-
latioii to certain railroads in Missouri, which has
been returned front the Senate with amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman does
not want to have the amendments considered be-
1 fore they have been printed. That is a joint res-
olution about which there was considerable con-
troversy here. I have noobjection to have it put
in such a position that the amendments can be
printed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I understand that
the amendments are very immaterial ones. Most
of them aremerely verbal. It will not take much
i time to consider them.
I Mr. STEVENS. Let them be read forinform-
j ation before consent is given to take up the joint
! resolution.
i The amendments were read.
I The SPEAKER. Is there objection to taking
| up the joint resolution at this time?
> Mr.'STEVENS. 1 would rather have the
[! amendments printed. I do not know whatwould
|! be the effect of them.
-Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that they do not
J, affect the principle of the bill at all, exccpt the
I first amendment, which is to strike out the pre-
i| amble. That may be of some importance, and I
'' suggest that the House concur in the second and
third amendments and non-concur in the first.
Mr. PENDLETON. ®I object to taking up the
:1 joint resolution now.
!| RESOLUTIONS 01? MINNESOTA.
! Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the. Legislature of Min-
nesota", asking a donation of land and money to
aid in the construction of a railroad from St. Paul
to the head of Lake Superior in Minnesota; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
CIIAXGE 03? EEFEKEXCE.
On motion of Mr. COLFAX, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
E. Loyd, postmaster at Clayton, Adams county,
Illinois, praying compensation for losses sus-
tained through the robbery of his office; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Claims.
CASE OF GENERAL FBBMONT.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Rcsoh-etl, That the joint committee on the conduct of
the wai be lequested to 1 urni.-h to this House or publish the
evidence taken bv said cummittee relative to the conduct
olMajoi General John C. Fremont while m command of the
western department, if, m then opinion, it is not incompat-
ible with the public inteie&t.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules.
The resolution leaveait altogether discretionary
with the committee whether they will furnish this
evidence or not.
The question was taken;and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
order. This is a joint committee, and we have
no separate control over its action.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of Older. The resolution is notmandatory;
it is simply a request^
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted;-and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
REPORT ON TXIE ItECirROCITV MEATY.
Mr. WARD submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Rcso/m?,Th;U ten thousand extra copies ot'tiie report of
the Committee on Commeiee on the roinmeiexal relations
of tile United States with the nut!=li North American prov-
inces and pot!.c-~mn-e as affected In the oprraumis of the
treatv made With Great Bntain in 1^1, commonly known
as the reciprocity tieatv, he punted foi the u^e of the House.
TREASU11Y NOTE BILL.
Mr. CORNING submitted the following reso-
| lution; which was referred to the Committee on
: Printing:
1 Rewh-crl, That ten thousand extra copies of the Treasury
note hill be punted loi the use of iiie House.
| And then, oil motion of Mr. WRIGHT, (at
■ twenty minutes after four o clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
