942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
antagonize with my friend from New York; but I
had this bill made a'special order some time ago;
and when it was made a special order, some gen-
tleman moved to go into executive session, and
the time was lost. I am just now informed that
within a few weeks the property of a general in
the confedeiate service, in this very city, has been
sold and the money transmitted to him. While
such things as that are going on here right under
our eyes, we are taxing ourselves and resorting to
a paper currency, that is inconvertible, to raise the
means to carry on this war, and allow the men
who brought it on to have their whole property,
and take it out of our jurisdiction.
Mr. KING-. There is no necessity of an argu-
ment with me in favor of taking up that bill. I
ask the Senator if it, is not a special order, and
will not bo taken up at one o'clock as a matter of
course ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not now. It has lost
its opportunity. I had it so once.
Mr. KING. I have voted with the gentleman
constantly to take up his bill. The Senate may
now dispose of the question. I shall vote to take
up the bill to increase the efficiency of the medical
department of the Army, because it is an import-
ant bill, and it should be acted upon and determ-
ined. 1 shall not go into an argument about the
sanitaiy commission and the other matters in-
volved in it, because I do not wish to consume the
time of the Senate. I hope the Senate will take
up the bill.
Mr. King's motion was not agreed to—ayes
ten, noes not counted.
CONFISCATION OP PltOl'EltTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to take up the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of rebels.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Wholn. It pro-
vides that the property, real and personal, of every
kind what soever, and wheresoever situated, within
the limits of the United States, belonging to any
person or persons beyond the jurisdiction of the
same, or to any p'erson or persons in any State or
district within the United States, now in a state
of insurrection and rebellion against the authority
thereof, so that in eithei ease the oidinary process
of law cannot be served upon them, who shall,
during the present rebellion, be found in arms
against the United States, or giving aid and com-
fort to the rebellion, shall be forfeited and confis-
cated to the United States; and such forfeiture
shall take immediate effect upon tiic commission
of the act of forfeiture, and all right, title, and
claim of the person committing such act, together
with the ugiit or power to dispose of or alienate
his property of any and every description, is in-
stantly to erase and determine, and the same shall
at once vest, in the United States. Eveiy person
having claim to the service or labor of any other
person in any Stale under the laws thereof, who,
during the present rebellion, shall take up arms
against the United States, or in any manner give
aid and comfort to the rebellion, is thereby to for-
feit all claim to such service or labor, and the per-
sons from whom it is claimed to be due, commonly
called slaves, are, ipso facto, on the commission of
the act of foifeiture by the party having claim to
the service or labor, to be discharged therefrom,
and become foiever theieaftn fice poisons, any
law of any State or of tbu United States to the con-
tra* y notwithstanding. And whenever any per-
son Haimmg fo be entitled to tiic seivice oi labor
of any other person deckm d to be disehaiged
ft om such labor or service under the provisions of
this act shall seek to enfoiee such claim, he shall,
m the first instance and befote any order for the
sin lender of the person whose sen ice is claimed,
establish not only his title to such service, as now
provided by law, but also that he is and has been,
dui mg the existing lebeliion,loyal to the Govern-
mental the United States: and no person engaged
in the military or naval service of the United
State s, under any pretense whatever, is to assume
to decide on the \ alldity of the claim of any per-
son to the service or labor of any other person, or
to surrender up any such person to the claimant.
11 is to oe the di;ty of tiie President of the Uni-
ted States to make provision for the transporta-
tion, colonization, and settlementin some tropical
country, beyond the limits of the United States,
of touch persons of the African race made free by
the provisions of this act as may be willing to em- I
•jgrate, having first obtained the consent of the
Government of the country to their protection and
settlement within the same, with all the rights and
privileges of freemen. And the President of the
United States, as often as in his opinion the mili-
tary necessities of the Army, or the safety, inter-
est, and welfare of the United States in regard to
the suppression of the rebellion shall require, is to
order the seizure and appropriation by such offi-
cers, military or civil, as he may designate for the
purpose, of any and all property confiscated and
forfeited under and by virtue of this act, situated
and being- in any district of the- United States
beyond the reach of civil process in the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings by reason of such
rebellion, and the sale or other disposition of the
property, or so much of it as he shall deem ad-
visable. And it will be the duty of the officers so
designated to make to the President full reports
of their proceedings under such orders, which re-
port is to be filed m the office of the Secretary of
the Treasury; and all moneys received on the sale
of the confiscated property of any person is to be
deposited in the United States Treasury. For the
purpose of enforcing the forfeiture specified in the
first section of this act of property situate and
being in loyal States or districts in which the or-
dinary course of judicial proceedings is not ob-
structed by the rebellion, proceedings in rem may
be instituted in the name of the United States in any
district court of the United States within which
the estate or property so forfeited, or any part
thereof, may be found; which proceedings shall
conform, as nearly as may be, to proceedings in
prize cases, or to cases of forfeiture arising under
the revenue laws; and m all cases the property
condemned, whether real or personal, is to be sold,
and the proceeds deposited in the Treasury. The
several district courts of the United States are to be
invested with power to issue all process, whether
mesne or final, including garnishee and process, as
m cases of foreign attachment, and to do every
other mattei and thing necessary or proper to
carry out the purposes of this act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to have two or
three amendments made to the bill, which I may
as well propose now. In line four of the first
section, after the word " whatsoever," I move to
insert the words " both corporeal and incorporeal,
and including choses inaction." It was intended
in the original bill to embrace every species of
property, both real and personal; but some per-
sons have suggested that there might be a diffi-
culty about franchises and things of that kind
being leached by the bill; and to make it ceitam,
I move to insert these words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In scction second, line
fourteen, I move, after the word " persons," to
strike out the words " declared to be discharged
from such labor or service under the provisions
of this act;" so that the clause will read:
" Whenever any porf-on claiming to he entitled to the ser-
vice or laboi of anvotlicr pen&on shall s>eek to enfoiccsuch
claim, he shall," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the seventh section, I
move to insert m the tlmd line, after the woid
"final," the words, "as well in chancery and
admiralty as at common law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These aie the only amend-
ments I intended to suggest. I believe the Senator
!i from New Hampshire has some.
|| Mr. CLARK. I was going to suggest to the
|j Senator from Illinois that the first section of the
j bill did not seem to be quite distinct enough. I
j presume he intends by it that the property of all
I rebels, wherever they are, shall be confiscated.
Is not that the intention ?
j Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
! Mr. CLARK. Then it may be sufficient for
I his puipose.
I Mr.TRUMBULL. Havingdiscussed thisques-
; tion somewhat at length at an early stage of the
; session, and knowing the importance of time in
the Senate, I had determined to refrain from any
' extended remaiks on this bill, thinking it prae.u-
i caljy more important to have the bill passed than
j to take up time in making speeches upon it. I will
; state, however, that this is a bill intended to oper-
'■ ate upon property,upon things: it does not touch
the person at all; and it is only intended to reach
the property of rebels who themselves cannot be
reached by judicial process. It does not profess
or intend to touch the property of any tiaitor who
can be reached by judicial process,and it forfeits
all the property, real and personal 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itbccomes the duty
of the Chair at this hour to call up the special
order, which is the unfinished business of yester-
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the special
order and all other orders be postponed that we
may proceed with the consideration of this bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope not. I think this
bill is important enough, as it is brought up now
for action, to justify a little more investigation
than will be involved in a debate on it to-day. I
think there are some grave constitutional ques-
tions involved in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to postpone the special order for
the purpose of continuing the subject before the
Senate.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, Biowning, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Ilowaid,
Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, Sumner, Ten
JSyek, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilraot, and Wilson
ot Massachusetts—2D.
NAYS—Messrs. Caillle, Davis, Doolittle, Henderson,
John-son, Kennedy,Latham, McDougall, Nesmith,Peaice,
Powell, Sauisbury, Sherman, Thomson, and Willcy—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if I can get
the attention of the Senate, I will try to explain
what the bill is, as I understand it. I shall make
110 extended lemaiks upon it. It is only with a
view of imparting what information I have to the
members of the Senate that I say anything.
As I was about to remark when I was inter-
rupted, the bill is intended to operate upon prop-
erty, and not to affect the person of the rebel or
traitor; and itonly operatesupon the property be-
longing to such rebels as are beyond the jurisdic-
tion of the courts in the ordinary course of judi-
cial proceeding. Where the rebel can be reached
by judicial process, the punishment for his crimes
can be visited upon him personally, and this bill
does not propose to interfere with his property at
all. It docs not touch that class of cases; and one
reason why it does not was to steer clear of any
difficulty growing out of this clause in the Con-
stitution of the United States:
« Tho Congress shall have power to declare the pnm-^h-
ment ol treason ; but no attainder of treason shall woikcor-
mption of blood or forfeitme, except during the life of the
peison attainted."
Under that clause of the Constitution, I have
been inclined to the opinion that it was not com-
petent for Congress to forfeit the real property of
a convicted traitor,exceptduring life; and as the
punishment for treason by our law is death, the
forfeiture of his realty for life would amount, of
course, to very little. But I undeistand that it is
competent for the Congress of the United States
to prescribe a punishment for those persons who,
though aiding and abetting the rebellion, cannot
be reached and prosecutcd for treason; and this
bill applies to that class of persons. They may
be non-residents; they may be foreigners; form-
stance, an Englishman owning property in the
city of New Yoik may be contubuting to this
rebellion—may be aiding it. I do not undeistand
that Congress is without power to punish such a
person, by confiscating his property. He may
aid the rebellion by contributing the very means
derived from his property in New York to the
support of the army which is now arrayed against
the Government. I wish to put this question to
those who doubt the constitutionality of this bill,
if there ore such: I wish to ask them if it is not
competent for Congress to reach that class of
cases?
This bill also provides for reaching the property
of all rebels in States where the judicial authori-
ties are overborne. It is manifestly impossible to
try a man for treason in South Carolina. You
cannot practically carry out the provisions of the
Constitution which guaranty to a man a jury trial,
and also make it necessary that he should be in-
dicted before he is put on his tual, where you
have no courts. It is because these persons aie
beyond the roach ol judicial process that I sup-
