1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
pose their property may be reached in this way.
As our armies advance into the South, if this bill
becomes a law, nil the property belonging to these
rebels, as fast as we get possession of it, will be
appropriated to the use of the Government; it is
forfeited by the act.
i know that some have objected that this bill
amounts to nothing; that we have not possession
of this property. Why declare, they say, the
slaves of rebels ftee, and why forfeit and confis-
cate the property of rebels when, for want of pos-
session of the property and slaves, the law can
have no practical effect. But if you pass such a
law as tiii^, and it goes into cffect immediately,
you may take possession of this property next
year 01 any time hereafter; the forfeiture is effected;
the title is divested m these military districts; and
in the other districts of the United States where
there is property belonging to non-resident rebels
the forfeiture is to be perfected through the courts.
Pei haps I had better read two sections of the bill
in oi (W t<> show the mode of forfeiting property.
The foiu-ih section provides for the mode of doing
this where judicial authority is overborne. It
dcclarcs:
"That it "-hall ht> the fui ther duty of the Fresidpnt of the
[Tinted Sraic-*, as often a-- in his opinion the military ne-
cessities of the Atmv, or tiie safety, inteiest, and wcifaie
of the Unired States, in reg.ud to the '-uppres-jon of the re-
bellion, sh.ill rfquue, to order the seizuie and appiopria-
tion, by such oJTieei<, military or cmi, as he may designate
foi the putpo>e. of any and all piopertv confiscated arid for-
feited under and by viitue of thi<- yet. situated aixi beinjr in
any diunct of the {Tinted States beyond the reach ot civil
pioeess m the oidmnry course of judicial proceeding by
teason oftuch icbeihon. and tup sale or other disposition of
said piopeit), or so much ot it as he shall deem advisable."
Under that provision it will be perceived that
the President may appoint persons to take pos-
session of this property as our armies advance, and
he may order the sale of it. Under this section
of the bill, we go through no judicial proceeding
whatever for the purpose of condemning this prop-
erty. Confiscation is not a judicial matter in re-
gard to this property. You cannot condemn the
property by a judicial proceeding, because you
have no court there to do it. The very fact of the
existence of the rebellion and of the necessity to I
call out the Army for the purpose of putting it |
down, presupposes that your judicial tribunals are j
overborne, and this confiscation of the property is j
to be made effective through the military tribunals, j
I think this may be done. As this is a question j
about which there may be some contrariety of j
opinion, I had made one or two references tode- i
cisions, to which 1 would call the attention of the j
Senate very briefly, as connected with this au- j
thority to punish a crime less than that of trea- j
son, or where you cannot reach the person of the j
traitor. I read from the opinions given by the
judges in a case which is reported in 4 Dallas.
The judges gave their opinions separately. It was
a case which arose in the State of Georgia, before
the Constitution of the United was adopted; but
the principles laid down, 1 think, have some bear-
ing upon the question which I am now discuss-
ing. It is the case of Cooper vs. Telfair. Inregaid
to this question of taking property where you can-
not reach the person, the court say;
" Whue an offense i^ notcommitted within ?omc county
oft!)'* Snue, the constitution makesno provision tor a tnal,
iK'iriu i as to the manner, is such an olft nse (peihaps the
mon danftpions tiea-onj to be considered as beyond the
icaeh ot the Government, even to loifeitthe property of the
oiTendfi witnm its tenitoual boundary?"
The constitution of Georgia required that the
offense of treason should be committed within
some county of the State. In this pai ucular case,
where the property was foifoited by an act of the
Legislature of Georgia, the party had not com- {
muted thatollensc within any particular county, j
The court say that he could not therefore be tried j
fur treason: but they ask the question: " is such ,
an offense (perhaps the most dangerous treason) ;
to be considered as beyond the reach of the Gov- |
eminent, even to forfeit the propettyof the of- j
fender within its territorial boundary^' The ,!
couit held thai the foifeituie was legal. i
Chase. Justice, m the same case, lemarked: |j
h .-> the pi.iiiitiff in oiKii co.ild elann the benefit of |j
a t-ial bj jut \. undei the coii^iitiit.oii. it ni iea-t. in- |
cuinbi-iH iipthi hinitosliowth.it the oilen-e clutced was i;
eoiiniimed in some eoui'tv of Ceoi^ia, in u Inch ea-e alone >i
the constitution pi ovule* tor tne tnai." j,
Patterson, Justice, in the same case, m giving !i
his opinion, said: l>
*' Ilnd. Then. th<5 Le^la/me power to pimlsh its elnswis .
who had joined the enpmy, and could not be punished by
the ordinary course of law ? It i? denied, because it would
be an exercise of judicial authority. But thepower of con-
fiscation and banishment does not belong to the judicial
authority, whose process could not reach the offenders; and
yet it is a power that grows out of the veiy natuie of the
: .social compact, which inu-t ie&ide somewlieie.and which
is so inherent in the Legislature That it cannot be divested
or transferred without an espres's provision of the consti-
tution."
Justice Cushing, in the same case, said:
"The right to confiscate and bam-h. in the cas-e of an
offending citizen, must belong to everv Government. It is
not within the judicial power, as cieated anrl regulated by
the constitution of Georgia; and it naturally, as weil as
tacitly, belongs fo the Legislature."
_ The Supreme Court of the United States de-
cided in a case which came from Maryland, and
is reported in 6 Cranch, 286, that no seizure was
necessary to the confiscation of property; that the
act confiscated it, and it might be taken posses-
sion of at a subsequent time; and it was not ne-
cessary to the forfeiture, to the change of the title,
that a seizure should have taken place. These
principles are very learnedly discussed by Judge
Sprague, in a recent decision in the city of Bos-
ton, m the case of the Amy Warwick and cargo.
The decision was pronounced but a few days ago.
I will read a few sentences from it:
"It has been contended"—
says the judge—
" that the proviso in the twenty-fourth section of the crimes
act of 179], chapter nine, should prevent condemnation of
this cargo as prize. That act desciibes certain offenses,
and pre&cnbes their punishment; and among them is the
crime of treason.
"The proviso declares that no conviction «hall work cor-
luption of blood oi foifeituie of e>tate. Tins shows that
the lawgivers thought that death was a sufficient penalty,
without confiscation following as a legal consequence of
conviction,
" There is an analogous jirovision in the Constitution,
art. 3, sec. 3"—
the one which I read a few moments ago—
" and, as it has embarrassed some minds, it deserves atten-
tion.
'• In the first place, the objection assumes that theie can
be no condemnation unless the claimants are traitors. Tins
is on en or. As aiieady stated, propeity may be treated a?
hostile, although the ownci has not been guilty of neason.
lie may he an alien, owing no allegiance; or a citizen,
wiiose opinions or wishes are not proved to be hostile, and
yet he may be so situated, and his pioperty be so used, as
to subject it to capture as prize.
" A striking caj>e is to be found in The Venus, 8 Cianch
253. In that case a citizen of the United States, residing
at Liverpool, shipped piopcify for New Yoik on the 4th of
July. 181-2, having no knowledge of the war, which had pie-
viously been declaied by the United States."
The Senate will observe that this was a citizen of
the United States shipping property to the United
States innocently, having no knowledge of the
war.
" This property was captured by an American privateer,
and held by the s>upioine Court to be a lawful pn^e. The
couit. in dchveimg their opinion, s-av that, although the
claimant, beii)ii a citizen of the United States, • cannot be
contideied an enemy m the stuct sen^e of the word, yet lie
is deemed such, with le'vicnce to the seizure of fo much
of ins prnpeitv eoneeined in the trade of the enemy as is
connected with his ievidence. It is found adhering to the
enemy He i-himself adhenng to the enemy, although not
tuminallv so.'
" (See "also tiie cases collected by Sn William Scott in
The Hoep, 1 Rob., p. 196.)
'•In the case now beiote me it is not contended or ofTeied
in pi oof bv either paity that these claimants have been guilty
of the ciime oftreason ; and smeiy the claimants cannot set
it up. in aigmnent, as a defense, in tiie second place, the
owner iua\. by certain acts, have subjected his piopeity to
be tieated as enemy's, and b\ othei distinct acts committed
the crime ot neason ;'nnd confiscation maybe inflicted for
thr> foi mei, and the penalty ot death tor the latter. Just as
the same peison may be guilty ot huceny and subsequently
of minder, and be fined foi tiie Jii&t and aftcnvaids con-
victed of the capital offense.
•• Tlmd, 5-uppos.e thci e *houlu be but one act winch is such
a use ot piopettvas subjects it to confiscation, and, at the
same time, constitutes an overt act of treason; and suppose
umber that the Goveiinnentcannot proceed for both penal-
ties; \ et tbev may elect. They aie not bound to piosecute
loi the cume; ami if they enforce the fojfeiiure. the most
that can be contended i  fhatthevare theteby precluded
fioin subsequently having a conviction for tieasuii."
That opinion of Judge Sprague,giremn the case
of the condemnation of the Amy Warwick, de-
cided the present, month in Massachusetts,covers
the precise ground upon which this hill is based, i
Property which is situated in the loyal States of
the Union where judicial process operates, is for- |
felted, according to the provisions of the sixth j
section, by a proceeding ill the nature of proceed- j
ings in admiralty, or as adopted in the revenue j
service, against the thing or against the right to i
be confiscated; and the avails of the property, ,
whether condemned by a judicial proceeding in ,
the loyal States, or taken possession of by direc-
tion of the Presidentin the insurrectionary States,
where there are no courts, are to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
We have towards these people in the rebellious
States a twofold right. There would be no diffi-
culty in determining our lights as against them if
they were an independent nation; but what makes
the difficulty is the relation which the persons in
arms against the Government bear to it, thatisas
enemies, and at the same time as citizens. That
is what seems to embarrass some minds. That
is the precise condition that persons now in arms
against the United States in the rebel States are
in. We may treat them as traitors, and we may
treat them as enemies, and we have the right of
both, belligerent and sovereign, so far as they are
concerned.
W1 ien an insurrectionassumes such formidable
proportions as the present, and when armies are
arrayed against each other and the power of the
nation called forth to put it down, the interna-
tional law writers all agree that the rebels are en-
titled to be treated as belligerents or as enemies.
We have been treating the rebels in the South as
belligerents during this present war. We have
sent flags of truce to them. We have taken them
as prisoners of war. Whenever a rebellion be-
comes of such magnitude as to be entitled to be
called a civil war, then the rights of the parties
are to be governed by the ordinary rules of wTar
between independent nations; but that does not
prevent the Government, after the war is over,
from trying as a traitor any person that may be
m us hands. That is the way, 1 talce it, that this
rebellion is to be finally put down. Nobody ex-
pects to try for treason the two or three hundred
thousand men now m arms against the Govern-
ment, every one of whom isa legal traitor; but we
will give them the rights of belligerents: we will
take thorn as prisoners of war; and when those
who have been seduced from their loyalty to the
Union shall have returned to their allegiance, we
will release them again. But the ringleaders of
this rebellion—the instigators of it, the conspira-
tors who set it on foot—will, I trust, be brought
to trial for treason, and, if found guilty, be exe-
cuted as traitors. These are our rights as against
lebels.
One of the rights as against an enemy is the
right of confiscation. We have the right to take
the persons and the property of our enemy and
destroy them both if necessary. I know that ac-
cording to the modern usage of civilized nations,
total destruction does not follow war in modern
times. I know that the prisoners who are cap-
tured are not now put to death or reduced to sla-
very, and that property has not generally been
confiscated; but the right exists to confiscate the
property, both real and personal, and there is no
distinction betweenthedifferentkindsofproperty.
We have just as much right to confiscate the real
estate of a man in arms against the Government
as we have his personalty. I know no distinc-
tion in law. What is to be the condition of things
at Port Royal where the state of feeling is such
that all the inhabitants have fled and left the coun-
try desolate? Is it to remain unoccupied? Is it
to become a wilderness; or shall we treat it as the
mother country and all the nations of Europe
treated this American continent when they settled
upon itand the savages fled ? Howdothemen who
inhabited the neighborhood of Port Royal differ
from the aborigines that inhabited this continent?
They have laid everything waste and abandoned
the country, and by the conquest of it. treating
them as belligerents, as we have a right to treat
them, we may take possession of that country and
apportion it out among the loyal citizens of ii,v.
Union.
Some have objected to the constitutional power
to pass this bill because they say it is a bill of at-
tainder. It is not a bill of attainder at all; it does
not corrupt the blood of the party; but it is a bill,
as I said, operating upon propeity. The Supreme
Court of the United State's has expressly decided
in the case of Brown us. The United States, which
I referred to on a former occasion, that Congress
has authority to pass an act of confiscation; and if
Congress has authority to confiscate the property
of an enemy, the act of confiscation must be some-
thing different from a bill of attainder, because^
the Constitution expressly declares that no bill of
attainder shall be passed.
