THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1862.
New Series No. 60.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Kansas if he is willing to recognize in the bill
that slaves are property ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; I am trying to get
it out of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yourexception would rec-
ognize it.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not intend to offer such
an amendment, but merely to suggest the propriety
of some modification of the language to which I
have called attention. There is one other sugges-
tion which I desired to make. In the fifth section
it is provided that "all moneys received on the
sale of the confiscated property" shall be depos-
ited in the Treasury. 1 would say " sale, or rent,
or use." It may not be expedient in all cases to
sell this property. We may have a bill hereafter
to rent out some of this property, and money ob-
tained in that way should be paid over the same
as money derived from sales.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If a bill should hereafter
be introduced to lease any of this property, it
would doubtless provide for that. This bill does
not provide for the renting of the property, and
therefore a clause of the character suggested, to
provide for the disposition of money arising from
the leasing of property, would not be in harmony
with the other provisions of the bill. If a bill of
the character indicated should be hereafter passed,
it would make provision to carry out the idea sug-
gested.
Mr. POMEROY. The chief amendment, and
the only amendment, in fact, that I would present
to the bill is in the third section. I think the Sen-
ator, on reflection, will be willing to strike out the
third section of the bill entirely. I do-not believe
that this Congress is in any condition to encour-
age the colonization of anybody, especially the
laborers—the producers; and if that provision is
insisted on, I shall certainly feel myself called
upon to offer an amendment that shall provide that
the President of the United States shall make pro-
vision for the transportation and colonization and
settlement in some country beyond the limits of
the United States of such slaveholders as have
been engaged in this rebellion, after first having
obtained the consent of the Government of the
country to which he may send them. I certainly
do not believe that we can afford to spare the la-
borers from this country; they are not dangerous
to the Republic; but there is a class of slavehold-
ers who have been engaged in this rebellion that I
think are dangerous, and they are not producers.
If it is insisted upon that we have got to colonize
somebody, or give encouragement to the coloni-
zation of any one from this country, I do insist
that it shall be a class whose absence will be the
least felt, whom the public can best spare; and if
the Senator from Illinois does not choose to take
out the third section entirely, I shall feel com-
pelled, and m good faith, to move the amendment
that I have suggested,fori think every laborer in
this country is needed. In the section from which
I come labor is scarce. The miserable prejudice
that the Senator from Illinois talks about being in
Illinois and Indiana—what we call the black law
democracy—is unworthy of the Senate. It is un-
worthy of Christian men anywhere to talk about
the laborer not being permitted to live in a coun-
try on account of his color. I am very thankful
to God that there is no such prejudice in my State.
As I have said, if we propose to colonize any one,
1 shall suggest in good faith to the Senate that we
colonize those who are more dangerous to the Gov-
ernment of this country than are the slaves; who
produce less, and who can be spared, provided we
can find any Government of any country under
heaven that will take thorn. [Lnughter.]
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, 1 have listened
with a g*eat deal of pleasure to the explanation of
this bill bv the honorable Senator iiom Illinois,
and I had hoped that when he came to the third
section, I should hear him a little more fully m
explanation of it. 1 derived great satisfaction and
instruction from his discussion of the constitu-
tional question involved in the other sections of
this bill; and I should like to have heard his opinion ;
60
as to where and how he derives the constitutional
power to vest authority in the President of the
United States to make provision-for the transpor-
tation, colonization, and settlement of emancipated
negroes; and moreover, if there be such power and
we shall be satisfied of its existence, in what man-
ner should the President exercise it? Here is a
general duty prescribed, a general authority vested
in the President, without any limitation, without
any prescription of the manner in which he shall
exercise it. Where is he to get the funds? How
are they to be raised ?
I shall cordially cooperate in the most stringent,
legal, and constitutional measures for the confis-
cation of the property of rebels; and I think it is
very likely that before this war is concluded, an
immense number of negroes will be enfranchised
and thrown upon the community. I have been
in the habit, even prior to the breaking out of this
rebellion, of looking to the danger that was grow-
ing up in our southern States ultimately, and I
thought long ago that I saw some necessity for
making provision for getting rid of this class of
population in this country; but I have always been
nonplused by the difficulties which have met me
in regard to the ability of this people to make pro-
vision for the colonization of the slaves, and I de-
sire to ask the honorable Senator whether he has
calculated the cost; whether lie has entered into
any calculation of how much it will take to trans-
port and colonize one single individual; how much
it will take to provide for the carc and maintenance
of that ignorant, unsustaining class of population
after they are placed m the colony?
Suppose a hundred thousand or five hundred
thousand emancipated negroes are thrown upon
this country,and, under the operation of this sec-
tion of the bill, the President shall be required to
transport and colonize them—m the first place, I
desire to know what authority we have to raise
money from the people to do it; and in the next
place, if that authority be found in the Constitu-
tion, where is the money to come from ? I under-
take to say that the negro cannot, considering his
condition, his helplessness, his want of all the
habits of self-sustenance, be emancipated, and
taken away from South Carolina, colonized in a
tropical climate, sustained until he acquires hab-
its of self-dependence for less than $500. Suppose
that five hundred thousand of these unfortunate
beings should be thrown upon the community, I
wish to know where the money is to come from
that we are to pay the expenses with?
Mr. POMEROY. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator that the amendment I have indicated will ob-
viate all that. There are only a few slaveholders,
and we can easily carry them away.
Mr. WILLEY. I propose to hang those en-
gaged in the rebellion, and save the expense of
transportation—a remedy much more summary,
easier, and cheaper, and much better adapted to
the exigency of the case. [Laughter and applause
in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I have no
doubt the honorable Senator from Illinois has
given his attention to this matter. I cannot con-
ceive that he would insert in the bill a provision
of such great practical importance, without, as we
commonly say, calculating the cost. Saying
nothing, then, of the power to raise this money,
nothing of whether we have the right to vest this
authority in the President, I wish to know where
the means are to come from by which we are to
transport and colonizcin a tropical clime five hun-
dred thousand ora million of emancipated negroes:
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was interrupted at the
moment, and did not hear exactly what the Sen-
ator fiom Virginia said about the expense; but
I have seen an advertisement from a party under-
taking to transport them for twenty dollars a head.
1 believe the Senator said something about §500
a head.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator will understand
that I did not mean to include simply the cost of j
transportation; but I adverted to the ignorance of
the slave, to his want of habits of self-maintenance i
and self-subsistence, and that there would be a ne-
cessity to provide for him, to oversee him, to take
care of him, and to direct him until he was educa-
ted, until he acquired those habits of self-subsist-
ence, self-maintenance, and self-government; and
taking all these things into consideration, and
guided by our experience in the Colonization So-
ciety, at Liberia, I undertake, to say that it will
cost, upon an average, four or five hundred dol-
lars in order to colo-nize, in a tropical clime, every
slave that may be emancipated. We are not done
with the emancipated slave when he is taken to
the tropical clime; it will be necessary to provide
for his care and maintenance after he shall have
been taken there; and, in this view of the case, I
desire to hear the Senator's opinion.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend from New
Jersey pardon me for a moment? I wish to intro-
duce a bill which it is important to pass imme-
diately.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I give way.
CERTIFICATES OF INDEBTEDNESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to introduce a bill
which it is important to pass to-day. I do not
know but that I owe an apology to the members
of the Finance Committee who may be present
for not having exhibited it to them. It is a short
bill that I have received this morning from the
Secretary of the Treasury, with a request that it
be passed immediately. There seems tp be no ob-
jection to it, and I ask to have it acted on at once.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill (S. No.
212)> to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue certificates of indebtedness to public cred-
itors. It provides for the issue to any public cred-
itor who may be desirous to receive the same, upon
the requisition of the head of the proper Depart-
ment, m satisfaction of audited and settled de-
mands against the United States, of certificates for
the amount due, not less than $1,000 each, signed,
by the Treasurer of the United States and coun-
tersigned as may be directed by the Secretary of
the Treasury; and these certificates are to bear in-
terest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, and
to be payable in one year from their date, or ear-
lier, at the option of the Government.
By unanimous consent the bill was read three
times, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, their Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill (S. No. 153) for the
better organization of the cavalry forces, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 209) making additional appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1862; and it thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The consideration of the bill (S.No. 151) tocon-
fiscate the property and free the slaves of rebels,
was resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I did not propose 10 make
any extended remarks on this bill; and knowing
that the matter which the Senator fiom Maine
desired to bring forward, was of infinitely more
importance than the obseivations which I am
about to make here, I, with the greatest of pleas-
ure, gave way for the passage of his bill. I have
thought it not amiss, however, in this connection
to say that I for one here and m committee have
regarded the thiid scction of this bill, or at least
the punciple established by it, as of the utmost
importance. The third section may not be per-
fect, it may not be as efficient as is desitable; it
is not as complete and efficient as I desired in com-
mittee that it should be. Nevertheless, it was
thought to be important that the policy of the
Government should be declared upon this subject*
