948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
armed with any kind of weapon. They cannot ac-
quire," therefore, any kind of training—they could
, ixot fce'cxpected to; and as they can be of no use
to tbe country, they ought not longer to be kept
in their present condition.
✓ TREASURY NOTE BILL.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had referred back to the committee of
conference the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
o.n the Treasury note bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the House also re-refer the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses to the committee
of conference heretofore appointed. I understand
that the Senate think there is a provision of the
bifl which ought to be amended, and hence the
action which they have taken on the report of the
committee of conference, which the House adopted
yesterday.
It was so ordered.
REORGANIZATION OP CAVALRY AGAIN.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Does the gentleman from
Missouri propose to call for the previous question
on this bill?
Mi*. BLAIR, of Missouri. Not so long as any-
body desires to speak on the subject.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would like to have a vote
of the House between the provision of the bill to
. reduce the number to forty and the amendment to
reduce only to fifty cavalry regiments. I am in
favor myself of the Senate bill, which provides for
the'reduction to forty regiments.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The question will of
course come before the House between the amend-
ments of the Committee on Military Affairs and
the provision of the Senate bill.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Does the gentleman think
that, under the provisions of this bill, the Presi-
dent will have the power to incorporate parts of
regiments into other regiments?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. He will have power
to make up forty or fifty full regiments of cavalry
from those now in service; and he will have the
power to transfer the remaining ones to infantry
or artillery regiments, as he may think proper.
The halt, the maimed, and the blind he will mus-
ter out of service.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Will the organization
of the cavalry regiments as now proposed reduce
the number of non-commissioned officers of regi-
ments now full?
_Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It will not; but it
wilt rather increase the number of non-commis-
sioned officers, in order to give more efficiency to
that arm of the service.
Mr. BAXTER. Has the President the right
to transfer men enlisted as cavalry to infantry
regiments ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. He will have that
right if we pass this bill. There are a great many
men enlisted in cavalry regiments who do not
know how to ride a horse, and it would take the
whole time of the war to teach them, and some
perhaps never could be taught. There is no hard-
ship, therefore, in transferring those men from the
cavalry to the infantry service for which they arc
alone fit.
Mr, McKNIGHT. Will all those who cannot
ride be turned over to the infantry service?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know; but
that would seem to be the rational course.
Mr. PESSENDEN. What is the expense per
week of a cavalry regiment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is estimated that
the expense of a cavalry regiment is $1,000,000
per year. I demand the previous question on the
bill and amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. Is it explicitly provided in the bill
that the regiments which may be disbanded shall
be put into another branch of the service; or are
ti-ey to be discharged from the service altogether,
and cease to draw any compensation?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The bill gives au-
thoiity to the President,in hisdiscretion, to trans-
fer the men from disbanded regiments to other
cavalry regiments or to the infantry or artillery
arm, or he may discharge them from the service
altogether.
Mr.STEVENS. Supposethey are discharged:
is there any extra compensation connected with it?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; three
months' extra pay to every discharged man.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my friend from Mis-
souri will allow me to suggest an amendment to
that bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am willing to hear
the amendment the gentleman may have to sug-
gest.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment I would
suggest is in the nature of a proviso, that in re-
ducing the number of cavalry regiments regard
shall be had to the number of troops furnished by
each of the several States, equalizing, as near as
may be, the number of cavalry regiments in pro-
portion to the whole number of regiments fur-
nished by each State.
I will suggest that the cavalry is deemed to be
a very desirable arm of the service, and that some
States have a very large body of cavalry in the
field in proportion to the whole number of troops
in the service, while other States have little or no
cavalry in the field. It seems to me, therefore,
that in making this reduction some regard should
be had to equalization. I, however, merely make
the suggestion; I will not offer the amendment
unless it meets the concurrence of the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I should be very
glad to see the objectof the gentleman carried out;
but it is impossible to do it entirely. I will say,
however, to the gentleman from Indiana that I
think ho is mistaken in his remark that the cav-
alry is the most desirable arm of the service. I
think every gentleman, who is at all familiar with
the service, knows that it is, perhaps, the least
desirable arm of service in the Army. It is the
most exposed, it is the most laborious, and not
so profitable as the artillery or engineers. So that
the amendment would only serve to embarrass
the Executive in the selection of these regiments.
In selecting the regiments, where the officers are
best, and the men the best, I do not care from
what State they come. If they recommend them-
selves by their skill and soldierly conduct, they
ought to be retained, no matter from what State
they come.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
'Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; I will hear
the gentleman.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Missouri whether the three
months'extra pay provided form the third section
of the bill is to he given to soldiers who are to be
transferred as well as to those who are discharged ?
The gentleman from Missouri has told us that it
is the expectation of the Military Committee that
the able-bodied and competent men not retained
as cavalry will be transferred to regiments in other
arms of the service. He has also told us that the
old, the halt, the lame, and blind—I quote his lan-
guage—will be discharged altogether. Now, what
1 want to know is, whether the extra compensa-
tion provided for is to inure to the benefit of those
transferred to other arms of the service as well as
to those discharged?
It does appear to me—and I make the remark
now so that I need not ask the indulgence of the
gentleman again—that neither of these parties
ought to receive any extra compensation what-
ever. Those who are transferred wiil stand upon
precisely the same footing as others in the arm of
service to which they are transferred. And those
who are discharged for the reason of physical dis-
ability ought not to receive extra compensation
for the reason that they were never properly in
the service at all.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The language of
the bill is, that those who are discharged will be
entitled to three months'extra pay, not those who
are transferred. None, therefore, receive the three
months' extra pay except those who are dis-
charged. That, I believe, answers the gentleman's
question.
As for the opinion of the gentleman that none
of those men should be entitled to any extra com-
pensation at all, I think differently. I have no
objection, however, to permitting the gentleman
to offer the amendment if he desire to have a vote
upon it in the House.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Missouri, I will offer
that amendment. I will merely remark that those
incompetent men, I take it for granted, will re-
ceive their monthly pay for the time they are in
the service, notwithstanding their incompetency.
I think, therefore, they are entitled to no extra
compensation; and I will move to strike out that
provision.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I yield for the gen-
tleman to offer his amendment, merely remarking
that many of these men have been disabled while
in the service; and it would, of course, be injus-
tice to them to discharge them without extra com-
pensation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that no
amendment is at this time in order except as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. If it be germane to
the amendment, I will move it as an amendment
to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clmir thinks it is not
germane, or he would not have suggested that it
is not in order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the previous
question, then, upon my amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment striking out " forty," and in-
serting " fifty*" was agreed to.
Mr.F. A. CONKLING. I now move to amend
by striking out the third section of the bill.
The section was reported, as follows:'
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers and
enlisted men necessarily discharged from the service by this
act shall, in addition to the allowances granted by existing
laws, receive each three months' extra pay proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I trust the gentleman
from New York will withdraw that amendment,
and if not, that the House will disagree to it.
When these men have enlisted in good faith, and
are turned out without their consent, I think they
should have their pay. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the previous
question upon the engrossment and third reading
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment proposed by Mr. F. A. Conk-
ling was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and beingengrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDEMNIFICATION OF UNION MEN.
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
tako into consideration the expediency of providing by law
some act to indemnify the Union men in the third and
other congressional districts in Kentucky who have been
damaged or impoverished by the aimy of the so-called south-
ern confederacy, their aiders, and abettors; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The SPEAKER stated th e regular order of busi-
ness to be the consideration of the homestead bill,
upon which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holmam] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill has been postponed
from time to time, and now, in order that it may
be finally disposed of within some reasonable
period, I will move that it be postponed until the
day after to-morrow, and that it be made a special
order. *
There being no objection, the bill was accord-
ingly postponed until the day after to-morrow, and
made a special order.
TAX OX COTTON.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Wlieroas the unexampled financial necessities of the
country demand that the basis of taxation should include
ail the available means in t-ueh manner as to create a cer-
tain revenue as a seemity for us indebtedness; and inas-
much as the estimates of revenue fromdutie> are uncertain,
in consequence ot the great economy of the people, inci-
dent to the existing war: Thercfoic,
Resohcd, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of levying a tax
of three cenU per pound on cotton, and making such tax a
hen thereon, and, also, prohibiting any person or persons,
corporate company, or any association ofindividuaU. from
