1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
carrying or transporting the same until such tax shall have
beuii paid, under pioperand adequate penalties; and that
they repoit by bili or otherwise.
UNITED STATES JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
The SPKA.KER announced the regular order
of business as being the unfinished reports of com-
mittees, as follows:
A bili (H. R, No. 116) to amend the act of the
3d of March, 1837, entitled "An act supplement-
ary to the act entitled 'An act to amend the judi-
cial system of the United States.' "
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that bill.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
already pending, reported from the Judiciary
Committee by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
On p.ige 2, line twenty, strike out the wot d " Iowa," and
inseit the following r
And in the distiiet of Iowa, at the capital of said State,
on the second Tuesday of May and November of each year.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I appeal to my friend
from Iowa to let the bill lie over for a short time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that I have
any particular interest in urging the passage'of
the bill more than any other member has. I think
that it ought to be considered at this time. It lies
over as unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. If the bill be postponed till
any particular day, it will take its place as unfin-
ished business for that day.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that it be
postponed until next Monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope it will be post-
poned to a more distant day.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not.
The SPEAKER. Let the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
After the word "that," in the third section, insert "the
district coin t of the United States for the districts of Texa<«,
Fionda, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas, shall
continue in the exercise of the t>ame jurisdiction as if this
act had not been passed, until the fiiat day of the tcnn of
the circuit court constituted by this act in said districts, and
thatso tliat it will lead:
That the district court of the United States for the dis-
tricts of Texas, &c., and that all actions, suits, prosecu-
tions, causes, pleas, processes* and other proceedings rel-
ative to any cause, civil or criminal, (which might have
been brought, and could have been originally cognizable in
a circuit court,) now pending in or returnable to the several
district courts of Texas, Florida, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
Iowa, and Kansas, acting as ciicuit couits, (or so empow-
ered to act,) on the 1ft day of April next, shall be, and aie
hereby declared to be, respectively, transferred, returnable,
and continued to the several ciicuit couits constituted by
tins act, to be holden within the said districts, respectively;
and bhuil be heard, tued, and determined therein in the
same manner as if originally brought, entered, prosecuted,
or had in such circuit courts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lias received an
amendment to the amendment reported by the Ju-
diciary Committee. Until that be disposed of no
other amendment will be in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer it as an amendment
to the amendment offex-ed by the Judicuiry Com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE. Does my friend object
to having the bill recommitted to his committee?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. In order to save
the bill, I move to recommit it to the Judiciary
Committee.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
SAIJ! or POSTAGE STAMPS.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
216) respecting the sale of postage stamps and en-
velopes, reported by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the consideration
of this bill be postponed for two weeks from to-day.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agieed to.
VISITORS TO TIIE DISTRICT JAIL.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in or- |
der to be the consideration of a report (No. 11) ,
as to what orders have been issued by Ward H. ,
Lamon, marshal of the District of Columbia, de- j
signed to exclude Senators, Representatives, and
others from ad mission to the Districtjail as visitors.
Mr. BLAICE. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fenton] who made this report is not now
in his seat. He requested me, if it should come
up in his absence, to ask its postponement till to-
morrow. I make that motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
POSTAL MONEY ORDER SYSTEM.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration of an unfinished re-
port from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, being a bill to establish a postal
money order system; the question being on the
engrossment and third reading of the bili.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Postmas-
ter General, in order to promote public conveni-
ence, and to insure greater security in the transfer
of money through the United States mails, to es-
tablish, under such rules and regulations as he
may find expedient and necessary, a uniform
money order system at all post offices which he
may deem suitable therefor, and which shall be
designated and known as " money order offices;"
it makes.it the duty of the deputy postmaster at
every money order office to issue, in such manner
and form as the Postmaster General may pre-
scribe, an order for a sum of money payable by
the deputy postmaster of any other money order
office, which the person applying therefor may
select, and the deputy postmaster who issues such
order shall be required to send through the mails,
without delay, to the deputy postmaster on wliom
it is drawn due notice thereof, and he shall not
deliver such order to the applicant therefor until
the latter shall first have deposited with him the
amount of money for which such order is drawn,
together with the proper charge or commission
therefor.
Mr. BLAKE. There are some amendments
suggested by the Post Office Department which I
desire to have passed upon. The first is as fol-
lows;
Line twenty-seven, section one, strike out" thirty"and
Insert " fiftyso thai the clause will lead :
And it shall not he lawful for any deputy postmaster to
issue a money order on any other deputy postmaster with-
out having previously leceived tiie money therefor, and any
person who shall violate this provision shall be deemed
guilty of misdemeanor, and on convietion thei.-of sh.iil be
fined m any sum not less than fifty nor more than five hun-
dred dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend in section thr&,
line three, by striking out " fifty" and inserting
" thirty;"so that it will read:
Sec. o. Jlntt be it further enacted, That no money order
shall be issued for any sum less than one or more than thirty
dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire to offer
an amendment to this section, by inserting as fol-
lows;
Nor shall more than one order be given to anyone person
on the same day.
Mr. BLAKE. If the gentleman from Califor-
nia will permit me to get through with the amend-
ments suggested by the Department, he may then
offer sui.h amendments as he chooses.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I withdraw my
amendment for the present if the gentleman fiom
Ohio desires to "et through with his own first.
Mr. BLAKE. I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that this
proceeding is entirely by unanimous consent.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
Also, a message notifying the House that the
President had approved and signed an act (H.R.
No. 286) making an appropriation to illuminate
the public buildings; and
An act (H.R. No. 156) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repair of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending 30th June, 1863, and additional
appropriations for the year ending 30th June,
1862.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled, a bill (H.R.
No. 209) making additional appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending 30th of
June, 1862; when the Speaker signed the same.' ■
The SPEAKER stated the business next Irf
order to be the call of committees for reports.
BRANCH MINT IK COLORADO.
Mr. MAYNARD, from theCommitteeofWay®
and Means, reported back a bill (M. R. No.287)
to establish a branch of the mint of the United'
States at Denver, in the Territory of Colorado;
the question being on its engrossment and third
reading.
The bill was read.
Mr, MAYNARD. I propose to occupy the
attention of the House for a few minutes while I
state the views which the Committee of Ways
and Means had in reporting this bill for the action
of the House.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I raise the question of order
whether this bill,inasmuch as it makes an appro-
priation, must not be considered in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the appro-
priation in this bill is merely an incident to the
principal question, which is the question of estab-
lishing a branch mint.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from In-
diana makes the point of order, the'rule on the
subject is imperative.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit to the considera-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana that this is not
an appropriation bill. The question is whether
a branch mintof the United States shall be estab-
lished in Colorado. If so, the appropriation fol-
lows as a matter of course.
Mr. HOLMxAN. I withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I renew it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made a special order for
this day week.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not think that this
bill should be made a special order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move that it be re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to occupy three minutes in ref-
erence to a subject similar to that embraced in this
bill. Early in the session a bill was introduced
and referred to the Committee on Commerce, for
thecstablishmentof abranch mintin NevadaTcr-
ritory. I believe that bill has not yet been re-
ported back. I desire to call the attention of that
committee tn the importance of that bill, and to
its greater relative importance, perhaps, than that
of this bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution to amend an
act, entitled " An act to carry into effect conven-
tions between the United States and the republics
of New Granada and Costa Rica," in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
BRANCH MINT IN COLORADO—A SAIN.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 am informed by what I
believe to be reliable testimony, that there are now
yielded from the Nevada gold and silver mines
from two to three millions of dollars in value a
month, while the mines about Denver City yield
only about that amount a year; and if it is im-
portant that there should be a mint at Denver City,
it is more important that there should be a mint
in Nevada Territory. The inhabitants of Nevada
are cut off by an almost impassable mountain range
from the San Francisco mint for several months
in the year, and at all seasons have to pay an
enormous percentage for transportation of their
metals. I would suggest to tne Committee on
Commerce, to which that bill was referred, that,
if possible, they make a report upon that bill so
that it may be considered at the same time as the
bill reported by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman from
Tennessee, who now holds the floor, will allow
me, I wish to refer to the remarks of the gentle-
man from California; and to recall to the House
a statement in reference to this matter which I
