1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
bo without a cause. The cost of transportation
will notexplain it,although the Government pays
to railroad companies and steamboat companies
vastly more than it ought for carrying the mails,
yet our whole cost for that purpose is but about
six millions of dollars-, while the cost in England
for carrying the mails is abouthalf as much. The
true reason for the result found between the two
systems is, that the English is far in advance of
ours in simplicity, utility, and cheapness; and as
we advance towaids that system England has
adopted with so much success, we shall find the
same results follow here as there. The establish-
ment of the money order system is only one step
in the right direction; and it is hoped others will
follow as £>oon as the condition of the country will
admit. This system of banking.on a small scale
through the medium of drafts or orders from one
post office to another, has been adopted in several
European countries with great success. In Ger-
many a certain percentage is paid, and the. remit-
tance is&uaranticd by the Government. In France
money orders in the postal arrangement have been
in use for many years.
In Canada the same system has been in opera-
tion for several years, and proved its own utility
and practicability. But in England the business
of remitting money through the mails by means
of money orders has been reduced to the greatest
simplicity and to the least expense; and there, too,
the system is of the greatest utility to the people,
and a source of revenue to the Government. The
money order system of England was first a pri-
vate enterprise, commenced in the year 1792 by
three officers of the post office department, who
dreworderson certain postmasters,anclthey drew
on them in return; their charges were high, and
varied with the amount to be remitted; the sys-
tem had no uniformity, simplicity,convenience, or
cheapness to commend it, and, as a consequence,
was of little or no benefit to the people, and small
profit to the persons engaged in the business. In
1838 the money order system was adopted by the
Government and made a branch of the post office
department of England. In November, 1840, the
commissions were reduced to threepence for sums
not exceeding two pounds sterling, and sixpence
for all sums exceeding two pounds, but not,ex
ceeding five pounds.
Now, what is the result in a revenue point of
view? In 1838, the numberof persons employed
in the money order business was 3; in 1841, 57;
and now, 112 clerks,for 2,594 money ordor offices;
and in the Canadian money order bureau 6 for
225 similar offices. The salaries in the London
^ney
the amount of money remitted for that year was
$1,565,623; and in 1854, a period of aboutsixteen
yeais after the adoption of the system, the num-
ber of orders for (hat year was 5,466,244, and
the amount of money remitted through the mails
was £52,312,059. The amount of profit, after
paving all expenses, to the English Government,
derived from this system, from 1850 to 1854, was
thij sum of $260,245; and now, from the report of
the postmaster general of England for'the year
3860, it appeals that the revenue from the money
order business for that year amounted to about the
sum of $142,370. The English people, in a period
of about sixteen years, remitted through the post
office, in money orders, more than $520,000,000,
without loss, at a commission of about half of
one per cent., and with a profit to the Govern-
ment.
Such has been the success of the system, that
tho people and Government of England would now
as soon think of parting with their post office as
their money order system. If the system but sus-
tains itself for the first few years in this country,
it is all, perhaps, that ought to be expected from
it; but I claim, if fairly tested, it will do much
more than this, and finally, that it will become a
permanent source of revenue to the Government.
Such having been its unparalleled success in Eng-
land, can any man suppose that the same system,
fairly tried, will not meet with as much public
favor, and produce the same happy results upon
our postal revenues? The population, business
habits, and language of the people of England are
about the same as ours, and 1 can conceive of no
good reason why the system should not work as
well here as there. The people of England«from
their facilities for doing business, and from their
limited territory, could afford to do without the
money order system far better than the people of
this country, with an empire extending from ocean
to ocean, a population scattered, and the want of
facilities in many sections for the transmission of
money with safety. The system of registered let-
ters, as it has proved itself to be in this country,
under our present arrangement, is but a conven-
ient method of pointing out the valuable letters
for any thief to steal them who may chance to
be appointed to handle the mail matter. It is, in-
deed, what an assurance company would be with-
out any liability in case of loss.
Mr. Speaker, it is the duty of Government to
provide some safe and practicable system to rem-
edy this evil that all so generally and justly com-
plain of. The money order system being no new
and untried experiment, requiring vast sums of
money to put it in operation, without knowing
what its practical results will be, commands itself
for its cheapness, utility, and safety, to the favor-
able consideration of all. It costs comparatively
nothing to try it; it has been a great convenience
to the people and a source of revenue to the Gov-
ernment in all countries where it has been faith-
fully tried;* and I predict the same results here, if
a fair trial is given to it. This system will have a
beneficial effect on the Post Office Department by
excluding money from the mails, and this alone
should give it a favorableconsidcration; but I will
not take up the time of the House in explaining
the bill further, and I now ask for the previous
question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BLAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAILABLE MATTER.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to authorize
additional mailable matter; which was read a first
and sccond time.
The bill authorizes the Postmaster General to
permit articles not now included in the schedule
of mailable matter to be sent through the United
States mails at the rates now established forbook
postage.
Mr. COLFAX. This bill is recommended by
the Postmaster General, and also by a petition
which every member of the House lias had sent
to him from the press of Baltim .re, New York,
and Philadelphia. 1 will state the reason for it in
a few words. In attempting to fix the schedule
of what matter shall be mailable at book postage,
wc have not included everything that might thus
be carried. For instance, Congress authorized
seeds, roots, and cuttings to be sent as mailable
matter; but you cannot now send stockings to the
soldiers through the mails except bypaying heavy
postage. The Postmaster General thinks that the
schedule might be extended, excluding, of course,
all dangerous and explosive articles, so as to in-
crease the benefit to the people, and also the rev-
enues of the Department. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
tile motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEY OF GRANTS OR CLAIMS OF LAND.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, bill of the House No. 189, for the
survey of grants or claims of land.
The bill provides that all claims or grants of
land in any of the States or Territories of the Uni-
ted States derived from any foreign country or
Government shall be surveyed under the direction
of the proper officers of the Government of the
United States, upon the application of the parties!
claiming or owning the same, but nothing in tho
law requiring the executive officers lo survey land
claimed or granted under any law of the "United
States shall be construed either to authorize such
officers to pass upon the validity of the titles
granted by or under such laws, or to give any
greater effect to the surveys made by them than
to make such survey prima facie evidence of tho
true location of the land claimed or granted; nor
shall any such grant be deemed incomplete for the
want of a survey or patent when the land granted
may be ascertained without a survey or patent.
Mr. WILSON. By act of March 3, 1807, a
board of commissioners were authorized to pass
upon and confirm the surveysin relation to Frcnoh
and Spanish land grants within the Louisiana pur-
chase. The action of the board of commissioners
is conclusive upon the rights of all persons who
may be interested in the land embraced within
those grants. It matters not whether the persons
having interests in conflict have notice of the sur-
veys or no!, they are precluded from having their
rights adjudicated in the courts of the country.
The object of this bill is merely so to change the
law of 1807 as to permit all parties interested in
such claims or grants to have their rights adjudi-
cated in the courts instead of being passed upon
and finally determined by the board of commis-
sioners. 1 move the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it wasaccord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND GRANTS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary,submitted areportin writing,accompanied
by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the several railroad companies which
Have received from States grants of public lands, made to
such States bv acts ofCon<>ies3,forthe purpose ot aiding in
the construction of the roads of bueli companies respect-
ively, are required to transport tlie propel ty and troops of tlio
United States over thoir loads free of toll or other charges
whatsoever.
Mr. PORTER. As this matter has been fully
discussed in the House, I move the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question otuered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to lay the
resolution upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken upon the resolution;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with a substitute,
House bill No. 258, to regulate the time of hold-
ing the courts of the United States for the district
of Kentucky, and for other purposes.
The question was taken-on the substitute; an,d
it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MENZ1ES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also movod to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPOSITIONS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 283)
to amend the thirtieth section of an act entitled
" An act to establish the judicial courts of the
United States," approved September 24, 1789, in
relation to the taking of depositions. _
The bill was read. It provides that the thirti-
eth section of the act of 1780 shall be so amended
as to read as follows:
Sec . 30. That tho mode of proof by oral testimony, and
'lamination of witnesses in open court, shall he tliosasne
