952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
in all tlx; court-, of the United States, as well in the trial of
fcauso's iu equity ami of admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion, as of actions at common law. And whenever the test-
imony of any person shall be necessary m any civil causc
defending in any district in any court of the United States
who-shall live at a greater distance from the place of trial
ttoai-one hundred miles, or is bound on a voyage to sea, or
about to go out of the United States, 01 to a greater dis-
tance from thf place of trial than a* aforesaid, befoic the
time of trial, or is ancient or very infirm, the deposition of
such person may be taken before any justice or judge, or
clerk ol any of the courts of the United States, or commis-
sioner appointed by such courts, or before any chancellor,
justice, or judge of a supreme or superior court of any of
the? States, or before any mayor or chief magistrate of a
city, or judge of a county couit, or couit of common pleas,
of any of the United States, or justice of the peace, or no-
tary public, not being of counsel or attorney to either of
the parties, or interested in the event of the cause: Pro-
vided,, That a written notice of time and place of taking
such deposition shall be served on the adverse party or his
attorney, so as to allow to him, before the taking thereof,
sufficient tune by the usual route of travel to attend, and
thiee days lor prepaiation, exclusive of Sundays and the
day of service; and the examination may, if so slated in
the notice, be adjourned from day to day. And in causes
of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, or other eases of
seizure, when a libel shall be filed, in which an adverse
party is not named, and depositions of persons circum-
stanccd as aforesaid shall be taken, before a claim be put in,
the like notification as aforesaid shall be given to the person
having the agency or possession of the ptoperty libeled at
the time of the capture or seizure of the same, if known to
the libelant. And every person deposing as aforesaid shall
be carefully examined and cautioned, and sworn or affirmed
to testify the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth, and &hall subset ibe the testimony by him or her given
after the same shall be reduced to wilting, winch shall
be done only by the mag^trate taking the" deposition, oi
by the deponent or some disinterested poison in Ins pros
ence. The officer taking the deposition shall annex thereto
a certificate showing the following facts: tiist, thatthe wit-
ness wiis first sworn to testify the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing tnu the truth ; second, that the deposition was
reduced to wilting by some proper person, naming him;
third, that tfie deposition was wiitten and suh&ciihcd m
the presence of the officer ceiUfymg theieto; tonrth, that
the depoMtion was taken at the time and place specified
in the notice; and shall seal up the deposition with the
certificate afoicsaid, and a copy of the notice to the ad-
vene party, and din ct the -uiioo to the clerk of the com t in
which such cause is pending, and the deposition shall ic-
maiu under the seal of said officet until opened by the clerk
aforesaid in open court, or by consent of parties. And
any person may be compelled to appear and depose as
aforesaid 111 the same manner as to appear and testify in
court. And m the trial of any cause of admiralty or maii-
time jurisdiction in a (listnet court, the deciee in which
may be appealed from, if either paity  -hall Migge.st to and
satisfy the couit that probably u will not be in his power to
produce witnesses there testifying before the circuit couit,
should an appeal be had, and shall move that their testi-
mony be taken down in writing, it fhall be ho done by the
cletk of the court. And if any appeal be had, such testi-
mony may be used on the trial oi the same, if it shall appear
to the satisfaction of the court which shall try the appeal
that the witnesses are then dead, 01 gone out of the United
States, or to a gieater distance than as afoiesaid tiom the
placo where the court i> fitting; or that, by reason of aae,
sickness, bodily infirmity, or imprisonment, they are un-
able to travel and appear at court, hut not otherwise. And
unless the aame shall be made to appear on the ttiai of any
cause, with respect to witnesses whose depositions may
have been taken tiieicin, such depositions shall not be ad-
mitted or used in the cause : Piont'.cd, That nothtnghercin
shall be coin>tru<'d to pi event anv couit of the United States
from giantmga tlethmus pote-itc.tem to take depositions, ac-
cording to common usage, when it may be neec-siry to
prevent a failure or delay of justice, which power they
shall severally possess, nor to extend to depositions taken
in perpctuamrci memorium, which, if they i elate to matters
that may be cognizable in any eouit ot the United States,a
circuit court, on application* thereto made as a couit of
equity, may, accoiding to the usages m chancery, direct lo
be taken.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio in reference to dis-
qualifying circumstances. These circumstances
are, the fact of being agent or counsel, or being
interested in the subject-matter. I suggest whether
it would not be proper to add the objection of re-
lationship, within a certain degree, to the prisoner
at the bar. If the gentleman concurs with me in j
opinion I will move such gn amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman will !
prepare his amendment defining the degree of re-
lationship that will be an objection, I will hear it
With pleasure
Mr. MAYNARD I suggest within the sixth
degree of relationship as laid down by the civil
law. I_will offer that amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to know whether it is
the intention of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio to press this bill now to its passage.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will state the object of
the bill. It is very simple, and 1 can state it in
a few words. If there be then any desire on the
part of gentlemen to discuss it, or to offer any
serious objection to its being put upon its passage
now, it may take such eoiuse as they desire. I
think, however, that when gentlemen hear what
the bill is, there will be no objection to its imme-
diate passage.
Mr. ELIOT. I should be glad to have the gen-
tleman from Ohio state whether it is the purpose
of the bill to affect the mode of taking testimony
in cases in admiralty, so that the testimony now
taken by depositions may be taken orally; and
whether it is also the purpose of the bill to per-
mit, in any respect, the reception before United
States courts of testimony taken orally which is
now required to be taken by deposition?
Mr. PENDLETON. If gentlemen will hear
me they will understand, in a moment, the entire
scopc of the bill. By the thirtieth section of the
judiciary act of 1789, it is provided that deposi-
tions to be used in the circuit and district courts
of the United States may be taken whenever the
witness lives more than a hundred miles from the
place of trial, or where the witness is infirm or
about to leave the district, go to sea, &c., pro-
vided that notice of the time and place of taking
the depositions shall be given to the opposite
party, if he lives within a hundred miles of the
place. It follows from that that depositions may
bo taken without notice, provided the other party
does not live within a hundred miles of the place
of caption. This the committee thought a great
outrage. Although that has been the law since
3789, 1 do not knowthat it has ever been actually
practiced. My attention having been drawn to
the matter some two or three years ago, I thought
it time that this law should be repealed, and that
no further opportunity should be given to have
depositions taken without notice, only because
the party lives more than a hundred miles from
the place of caption. The entire scope of the bill
is to repeal so much of the proviso to which I have
alluded, as enables a party to take depositions with-
out giving notice to the other side. In all other im-
portant respects, with a few verbal amendments,
it is a copy of the thirtieth section of the act of
1789. It docs not prevent oral testimony being
heard whenever, under the existing law, it may
be taken.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not desire to criticise, extem-
pore, the bill, which, I have no doubt, has been
carefully prepared by the honorable gentleman
who proposes it. It does seem to me, however,
that it would have been much more simple to have
stated, in terms, that the object of the bill was to
repeal that portion of the act. I beg leave to say
to the gentleman from Ohio and to the House,
that the act to which he refers has certainly been
practiced upon pretty extensively. It is within
my knowledge that the testimony of witnesses
living at a greater distance than one hundred miles
from the place of trial has been often taken; but
I apprehend that this whole matter has been so
far within the discretion of courts as that no prac-
tical injury has been wrought. I apprehend,fur-
ther, that it might occasionally be disastrous to
the cause of justice to prevent the taking of testi-
mony ex parte; for it might happen that before
notice could be given the witness would be out of
reach of the process of the court. Suppose that
m an important case the testimony is required of
witnesses who cannot be made to remain, notice
of which deposition cannot be given, what course
is to be taken to secure the possession and use of
the testimony ? I desire to know whether, under
this bill, a party would not thus be left without the
means of presenting to the court that has juris-
diction of the cause, facts which it might bo vital
to ho ve presented ?
Mr. PENDLETON. It undoubtedly might
sometimes happen that before notice could be
served on an opposite party witnesses might pass
out of the jurisdiction of the court or might die;
but such things arc always liable to happen. I
think it better, however, that it should be so
rather than that a party who has the opportu-
nity of giving notice to the adverse party to be
present and cross-examine the witness should be
at liberty to introduce depositions thus taken ex
parte.
Mr. ELIOT. It seems to me as if it might in
such a case be desirable that the party should
have an opportunity to take testimony, and yet
thatthe opposite party might not be subject to any
injury from that. It might be left discretionary
with the court to admit or to reject evidence taken
ex parte. This bill seems to be of grave import- :
ance, and I should like to have an opportunity of
examining it a little more carefully.
Mr. PENDLETON. I promised the gentle-
man that if there should be any serious objection
to the bill when I stated its object I would give
an opportunity for its examination. I therefore
move to recommit the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that it was understood
that Mr. Maynard's proposed amendment should
be received and referred with the bill.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. DIVEN, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 233) to establish an
additional judicial district in the State of New
York, and m relation to the courts of the United
States in said State.
The bill was read.
Mr. DIYEN. I wish to say in explanation of
this bill, that it seems to have become a necessity
in the State of New York thatthe capacity of the
United States courts for that State shall be in-
creased. The State of New York now contains
a population of more than three millions of inhab-
itants. The city of New York alone gives, per-
haps, more business to a district court than any
other district of the United States has.
Wehavenowtwojudicial districts in that State,
the southern district and the northern district.
The southern district embraces the city of New
York and the counties along the Hudson; and all
the balance of the State is embraced in what is
denominated the northern district.
This bill proposes to constitute the city of New
York and the counties bordering upon the bay of
New York the southern district. Then it leaves
the remainder of the State to be divided into two
more districts, thereby creating one more judge.
The additional expense will be simply the salary
of that judge. Itcreates,to he sure, an additional
marshal and an additional clerk; but the compen-
sation of the marshal is in office fees, and the com-
pensation of the clerk is in office fees. No other
expense will therefore be incurred than the salary
of a single judge.
Now, I propose to show to the House, if they
will bear with me, that the additional expense thus
incurred will be more than tenfold saved by the
passage of this bill. As the northern district of
the State of New York is now constituted, it is
more than five hundred miles between the different
places of holding courts m that district. Indeed,
from Buffalo to Ogdensburg, by the route usually
traveled, the distance is nearer six hundred than
five hundred miles; and the allowances to marshals
for the conveyance of prisoners, and for subpena-
ing and conveying witnesses from one couit to
another in a single trial, is often more than the
salary of this additional judge. I could show the
House that the trial of a case I could mention cost
the Government more by the conveyance of pris-
oners and witnesses from Buffalo to Ogdensburg
than the entire salary of a district judge for sev-
eral years. The fees of the marshal in cases of this
description are so largp that somehow or other
they are always occurring. Trials are constantly
being removed from Buffalo to Albany and from
Albany to Ogdensburg, and so on from place to
place, involving the expense of transporting wit-
nesses and prisoners, and giving large mileage and
fees to the marshals, swelling the administration
of criminal justice in that district to an enormous
cost. Suitors are also subjected to the same in-
convenience and cost in conveying their witnesses
from one place to another.
Now, this bill so divides that district as to have
it comparatively convenient to conduct trials in
any part of it without this exorbitant expense for
the transportation of witnesses and prisoners. I
appiehend that there will hardly be found any-
where a district in which you have so great dis-
tances between different points. Even in the west-
ern States, or southern and more sparsely settled
States, you will hardly find so great distances be-
tween the different points of holding courts, as in
this northern district of New York; and it can be
made plain to those who will investigate the ques-
tion, that it will be a matter of economy upon the
part of the Government, as it certainly will be one
of very great convenience to the people having
business in the courts within that district; and the
entire administration of justice in these districts
will be subserved by the passage of this bill. I
