1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
can conceive of no objection that can be urged
against the bill, and unless some objection be
urged, I hope the bill will be passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
New York has made a statement in reference to
the expense that will be incurred under this bill.
Now, sir, u will be seen by reference to the 4th
page of the bill that two judges are to receive a
salary of $3,000each. I ask thegentlemcn whether
by this provision of the bill the salary of one of
the existing district judges for that State is not
increased ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My impression
is that it is diminished.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My recollection of the
law which wc passed in relation to the salaries
of the judges is that the salary of the judge for
the northern district of New York was fixed at
#2,750.
But, sir, there are other questions to be consid-
ered in relation to this bill. I dislike very much
to interfere in these matters of local legislation; hut
it seems to me the attention of the House ought
to be turned somewhat to the propriety of making
new offices and establishing new judicial districts
at this. time.
It will be seen, by reference to section five of
the bill, that there will be, if the bill passes, no
less than ten places in the State of New York
where sessions of United States district courts are
to be held.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The num-
ber is increased, if I mistake not, only by one.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will read the several
places mentioned in the bill, for it is certainly a
question worthy our consideration, how far Con-
gress can properly multiply places for holding
courts. The bill provides that a court is to be
held at Auburn, another at Rochester, another at
Buffalo, and another at Binghamton, another at
Poughkeepsie, another at Albany, another at
Utica, another at Oswego, another at Ogdensburg,
and another nt Plaftsburg.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Only in alternate
years.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Still the fact remains
that courts are to be held at nine or ten different
places within the State of New York. And if we
are to hold United States courts in ten or a dozen
different places, why not in every county in the
State? I should like to ask the gentleman from
New York in how many places district courts are
now held in his State?
Mr. OLIN. This bill, I think, fixes but three
new places.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the number is in-
creased by one third.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman pardon me?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will.
Mr. OLIN. It will be seen in a moment that
this bill does not contemplate the expenditure of
a dollar in consequence of increasing the places
for holding courts. The bill says, for instance,
that a court shall be held at Albany. The court-
house is there, and no expenditure is necessary
for the accommodation of the court. The reason
for holding the court there is for the accommoda-
tion of suitors who attend the court, ^nd may
thereby diminish their expenses.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And why will not the
same argument hold good for holding courts in
every county in my own State?
Mr. OLIN. Certainly, if you desire it, and it
is attended with no additional cost. But, sir, to
show the propriety of this feature of the bill, sup-
nose the courts were only held at the city of New
York for the whole State, the expenses would be
increased a hundred fold. Every man knows that.
And it is pctfcctly evident that this arrangement
of places for holding courts will have the cffect
of diminishing the expenses attendant on the
courts more than any other provision we could :
possibly adopt.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 repeat that the argu-
ment of the gentleman, if carried out to its legiti-
mate result, would establish a United States court
in every county in every State. But, Mr. Speaker,
I said I disljko'very much to interfere in these local
matters, and I desire merely to call the attention
of the House to this question of salary. I under-
stand the gentleman from New York to say this
bill does not increase the salary of the present
judge of the northern district of New York. Now,
I ask that, if the bill is to pass, we shall provide that
the salary of the judge we are to create shall not
be greater than the salary of the judge for the
northern district of New York now is; and if the
gentleman will permit me, I will move so to amend
the sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, and nine-
teenth lines of the third section, as to providethat
the salary of the judge created by this act shall be
the same as that of the judge of the northern dis-
trict, provided that is not more than $2,750.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would like to
call the attention of the gentleman to the fact that
that may not fix any salary at all, because if it
should turn out that the salary of the present judge
of the northern district is more than the sum
named, no provision would be made at all for the
salary of the new judge.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to amend, so
that the salary of the judge created by this act
wiil be $2,7,30 per annum. That is my recollec-
tion of the amount of the salary of the judge of
the northern district, but I may be mistaken.
Mr. OLIN. 1 think the gentleman will find
himself mistaken.
. Mr. WA SHBURNE. I have the statute before
me, and I find that my recollection was accurate,
and that the salary of the judge t>f the northern
district is $2,750. The gentleman, therefore, can
accomplish his purpose by fixing the salary of
the judge created by this bill at §2,750 per annum.
I was almost certain that that was the salary of
the judge of the northern district, and I find by
referring to the law that I was right.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have little care,
Mr. Speaker, whether this salary is fixed at one
sum or another, but it should be adequate to com-
pensate for the labor, and to insure the services
of a man fit to hold the office, and to discharge its
duties. My opinion is, if there is to be a system
of taxation of salaries, that this salary ought not
to be fixed at $2,730. If there is to be a system
of reduction of salaries, instead of taxation, and
if it is intended to fix this salary now at a reduced
sum, which shall be spared all future reduction,
perhaps a better argument might be made for the
amendment. It would be more than dubious even
then. In the State of New York we have experi-
mented somewhat in the ad justment of judicial
salaries, and by consent, which is pretty univer-
sal now, we have settled down upon $3,500 as the
lowest sum that should be paid now to any man
who ought to be elected judge of cither of our
higher courts. I think myself, and I will not be
deterred from saying so by any desire to coincide
with the general and justdisposition to insist upon
retrenchment, that $3,500 is the lowest sum which
it is for the interest of Government, people, or
litigants, to fix as the salary of any high judicial
officer. Thirty-five hundred dollars for the pur-
poses of living, and as compensation, is about as
good now as $2,000 was even within my recollec-
tion, brief as that is; so much have the expenses
of living increased, and so much have the fees
increased, which a good lawyer can earn in his
profession at the bar.
Now, everybody knows—I will not speak for
any State but my own—all of my colleagues know,
that there is not a man in New York fit to occupy
a judicial position like this who cannot earn in his
profession more than §3,500 a year, and earn it by
labor not greater nor more responsible—not as re-
sponsible as those connected with the position this
bill creates.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman from New York. Is the ten-
ure of the judges in New York State for life or
during sood behavior, or only for a term of years?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the gen-
tleman refer to the judges of the supreme court of
the State of New York ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The term of office
of those judges is eight years.
Mr. jVIAYNARD. Does not the gentleman
know, as a member of the legal profession, that
a lawyer could afford to hold ajudicial office,the
tenure of which was for life or during good be-
havior, upon a smaller salary than if the tenure
of the office was only for a term of years, which
would practically remove him from the practice
of his profession, and perhaps thrust him out of j
it aliogethei ? Ought not that consideration to j
enter into the fixing the salary of the judge in this |
ca-se? i
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The patness of i
that inquiry depends upon a state of facts-whicft
does not exist in the State of New Yorlt.
TREASURY NOTE BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman frqx§
New York and the House for leave to make re-
port from the committee of conference on the .dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses dn the Treasury
note bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee of conference
report the following additional amendment to the
Trcasu ry note bill:
Insert after the word " coin
Or any notes payable on demand heretofore authorized
to be issued, and by law receivable in payment of public
dues, and the coin so paid.
By the amendment of the Senate demand notes'
were made receivable for duties. Theef&ct of our
action has been to exclude those notes from that
use. This amendment simply inserts them agafn
asruccivablefordutiesthesameasgold. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COUltTS IN NEW YORK—AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the House has
not forgotten the question put to me by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] I will
be glad to answer it. The idea of the gentleman
is that inPNew York judicial salaries have been
graduated in reference to the fact that the term of
office is eight years, bccause the man who leaves
his profession to go upon the bench, then to re-
turn to his profession again, submits to greater
sacrifices than the man who ascends the-bench for
life. The salaries were not fixed with that regard,
I think. The facts would hardly warrant the idea,
and it did not enter as an element of the question
of judicial pay. In 1846, when we adopted an
elective judiciary, the bugles of all political par-
ties sounded a truce as to the selections of judges,
and it was agreed that the elective judiciary—a
bold and hazardous experiment as it was believed
to be—should bo allowed to go on and to demon-
strate its wisdom or its folly nntrammeled by the
partisan action of political parties. The doctrine
of rotation in office was tabooed for once; and the
aim of the profession and the aim of the electors
of the State has been to find proper men to put
upon the bench, and then to continue them; and
accordingly they have been very generally con-
tinued, sometimes against great political odds.
A good lawyer who accepts a nomination for
judge, and who is fit to hold the office, understands
not only that the chances but the reasonable cer-
tainty is that he will be allowed to sit upon the
bench as long as he adorns it. Therefore the ad-
justment of judicial salaries in the State of New
York was not prompted by the consideration the
gentleman has suggested, even if his view is a
correct one in itself. The present graduation of
judicial salaries in New York went rather upon
the idea so well understood by everybody that the
expenses of living in any manner whatever have
vastly increased of late years; and accordingly,
while atone time §2,500 was considered" salary
enough, by general consent $1,000 has been added
to it.
So much as to that, and only a word as to the
bill. Certainly the particular amount of salary
is not the important consideration before us. The
bill is a very important one to the State of New
York—not to the three millions, as my colleague
said, but to the four millions of people in that
State. The northern district now embraces three
fourths of the geographical extent of the State,
and contains more than two millions of people.
If we are to have, as I assume we are, either at
this session or the next, a bankrupt law of some
kind, the condition of things in the State of New
York, as it is now, will be, in many localities, a
practical denial of justice, so far as regards thp
profession, unless there is to be raised a crop of
commissioners.
Something has been said about the probable
expense of erecting the proposed district, and as
