-954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
I,happen to have a memorandum before me, ap-
parentiy;prepared from actual data, I will call the
attention of the House briefly to it. I am entirely
unable to appreciate, any more than my colleague
[Mr. Olin] can, how it increases the expenses of
nalding a court in Syracuse for disposing there
of causes bringing parties and witnesses from
the West, instead of traveling down one hundred
and twenty-five miles further, and holding it in
Albany; and I wish to say that this bill provides,
as I understand, for no more courts than would
be held without, but provides for holding them at
places more convenient for suitors, and abbre-
viates the distance which is traveled now at the
rate of ten cents per mile, at least for everybody
who goes ut the expense of the Government,
whether prisoner, witness, district attorney, or
marshal. I infer that a large portion of the pres-
ent expense of Federal courts in New York arises
from the cost of transporting witnesses andcrim-
inals; and if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] will give mc his car for a moment,
I will make a statement on that point. Prisoners
are taken—and I speak from what has actually
occurred term after term—from Albany to Buffalo
to be indicted and arraigned. They arc then taken
back to Albany to be tried. That is three hundred
miles. If they are not tried, then they are taken
back to Rochester at the next term, two hundred
and thirty-one miles, and by statute this transpor-
tation is now thirty cents per mile, so that every
prisoner carried three hundred miles costs ninety
dollars. Now, any man who has attended these
courts, and seen the cloud of witnesses who go
there to indict a man, and who appear and reap-
pear every time the indictment is continued, and
who go from Lake Erie to the Hudson for these
purposes, can appreciate what my colleague from
the Chemung district [Mr. Diyen] said in refer-
ence to the expenses involved, and the expenses
to be saved.
One word as to marshals' fees and district attor-
neys' fees. For the last four years half, and for
some periods more than half, of the entire fees of
the district attorneys is made up of mileage, at
ten cents a mile tach way, twenty cents in all,
going from place to place, at long distances, to
courts and before commissioners, and a per diem
of five dollars a day for similar services. By the
bill before us these courts are adjusted to meet
these considerations, and it will meet them; and
whether it will add to the expenses of the Gov-
ernment is, to say the least, very doubtful, even
if the salary is made §3,000, or even §3,500, a
year.
One further suggestion, and I have done. As
i said before, I assume that we shall, at no distant
time, have a bankrupt law. There Are now upon
the files of this House and of tin* Senate forty thou-
sand petitioners and upwards, asking for such an
enactment. There is from the creditor interest of
the country a very wide and willing consent to
something of the kind if it can be well considered;
and whether it be adopted at this session or not,
within a very brief period, 1 take it for granted,
we shall have a bankrupt law. And when we
have it, I hope it will bo u permanent system of
bankruptcy—not a jubikc law merely, but a law
"containing compulsory provisions for the benefit
of creditors, as well as voluntary provisions for
the benefit of debtors. If so, we must have, what-
ever forms of procedure we adopt, preliminary
proceedings, in the nature of injunctions and the
like, to restrain the fraudulent dispositions and
transfers of property. And if we are to have in
New York but one judge in Buffalo, and another
in NVw York city, six hundred miles apart, I say
it will amount, if not to it practical denial of jus-
tice, at least to an inconvenience so great as to be
uttei ly destructive of the usual professional modes
of transacting business.
More than ihis; under the hio;h tariff we have
adopted, and in consequence of the increase of
business springing up from a vaiiety of laws of
recent enactment,as well as from ordinary sources
ot litigation, the southern district is clogged, its
calendar is ovei loaded, and a great number of
cases await disposition: and the court is unable
to dispose of them, by reason of a want of judi-
cial force at term time; and a bill has been re-
ported in the Senate providingfor the appoint-
ment of on additional judge in the city of New
York. Now, sir, the southern district consists of
Manhattan island and thirteen other counties;
and all the residue of the State is in the northern
district. By creating this central district, and es-
tablishing a judge there, the southern district will
have all the relief it needs; first, because we take
oif from the southern district several counties,
thereby diminishing the districtand relieving it of
business; and, second, by creating another judge
in the State, who will be as useful and efficient in
holding coyrts in the city of New York as if he
lived there. The southern district does not need
another judge for chamber business. In vacation
the southern district is well enough off now; itis
help at term, a judge to hold court, that they need.
This bill gives them a judge; for, under the stat-
utes of the United States as they now stand, one
district can call upon another, and the judge of
the now district can go to the city and hold court
as often and as long as the business there shall
require it. At the same time the rural districts
can be accommodated as to courts, and also have
a judge to resort to in vacation, without going
from one extreme of the State to the other.
By passing this bill, and creating another dis-
trict and another judge, I think, in the firstplace,
we create little or no additional expense, for the
reasons I have fridicated; and in the next place,
we relieve the southern district, a thing exceed-
ingly needed, as those knowing the facts concur
in saying; and at the same time we obviate, in a
measure, the great inconvenience which members
of the bar, as well as suitors, have long experi-
enced, and which is likely to increase and become
intolerable whenever a bankrupt law comes to be
administered, and indeed, under the increase of
business, without it.
And now, unless some other gentleman wants
further to discuss the bill, I will demand the pre-
vious question, or yield the floor to the gentleman
who reported the bill for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE. T understand the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Diven] accepts the
amendment I offered, to make the salary $2,700,
instead of §3,000.
The SPEAKER. The bill being reported by
the gentleman from a committee, he has no power
to accept an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I offer ij. as an
amendment, and upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
iPhe yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 66, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Joseph Baily, Ccaman, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B.
Blair, Blake, Buffmtoiij Calvert, Chaniberlm, CJcmcnts,
Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conklmg, Covodo, Davis,
Diven, Dunn, Edgorton, Eliot, English, Goocli, Granger,
flanehett, Harding, Hickman, I-Iolman, ilutcliins, Johnson,
Julian, Kolley, William Kellogg, Law, Lehman, MePher-
son, Maynard, M'enzics Mitchell, Moms, Nixon, Nugen,
Patton, Piko, Portci, Potter, Alexander JI. Uice, Edward
If. Rollins, Juincs S. Kollms Sheffield, Spaulding,William
G. Sterlo, Fianei* Thomas, Trimble, Tiovvbridge, Charles
W. Walton. E. P. Walton. Washburne, Wieklifte, Wil&on,
Wmdoin, Woodru/I, and Wright—66.
NAYS—Mew*. Baker. Ba.xtei, Francis P. Blah, Sam-
uel '•?. Blah, Burnham. Claik, Jloseoe Oonkling, Conway,
CiiHicId, Cutler, Duulap, Edwards, Ely, Fessenden, Fian-
ehoi, Giidoi, Guiley, llalc. Harrison, ivnapp, Lansing,
Loaty, Lovojoy, McKuifjht, Mallory, Noell, Noiton, Odell,
Olm, Pendleton, Pony, Timothy G. Phelps, Price, Riddle,
Saigent, Sedgwick, ^hrinian, Sloan, John B. Steele, Ben-
jamin F. Thoina-, Van Horn, Van Valkenbinglt, Vibbard,
Ward. Webster, Wheeler, Albert S. White, and Wood—
•16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
\ote by which the amendment was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend the bill
by striking out, in line six of section five, the
wordy, "March and,"and inserting after the word
" November," in the same line, the words, " at
the city of Syracuse, in the county of Onondaga,
on the third Tuesday in March."
The object of the amendment is to have one
term held at Syracuse instead of two at Rochester.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIYEN. I move the previous question
on the hill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hopethe gentleman will not
insist on that motion. I desire to inform myself !
in legard to one fact m connection with this bill, j
Mr. DIVEN. I will bear the gentleman. 1
Mr. WRIGHT, It is said that the docket of j
the southern district of New York contains a large !
number of causes undisposed of, but we have had
no information with regard to the condition of the
docket of the northern district. Now, I am dis-
posed to vote for this bill if it is necessary to estab-
lish another district; but if the judge of the north-
ern district can dispose of all the business that is
contemplated by the two districts, the northern and
central, then I see no necessity for the passage of
the bill. I want to know the condition of the
docket of the northern district.
Mr. DIYEN. I will state for the information
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania that by this
bill we take from the southern district all that por-
tion of territory that now belongs to it exceptthe
city of New York and the countics bordering upon
the bay of New York, so as to confine the busi-
ness of that district strictly to New York city.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 240) to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (No.
212) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue certificates of indebtedness to public cred-
itors; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW YORK AGAIN.
Mr. DIYEN. I was about to say, sir, that it
is tantamount to a donial of justice to parties who
reside in the southern district of the State remote
from the city of New York, to require them to go
to the city and wait till their turn upon the calendar
comes; it would be better for them to give up the
hope of trial than to incur that expense. The bill
relieves that southern district from so much of its
business as is taken from it and attached to the
other districts, and it relieves the suitors who are
now obliged to go to the city of New York, and
it also relieves the northern district, in which I
will say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania they
are unable to dispose of the business on the cal-
endar at their regular terms.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, I want to ask the gen-
tleman another question, I ask him if the busi-
ness of the State could not be done by two district
judges if the State should ho divided into two dis-
tricts, with reference to the amount of business in
each ?
Mr. DIVEN. I answer, no. One judge cannot
perform the business of the northern district, after
-taking from the southern district and adding to it
all but the city of New York. I now move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. DIVEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
On motion of Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from
the further consideration ot the resolution of in-
quiry as to the propriety of amending the act of
Congress of February 28, 1861, organizing the
Territory of Colorado, and the same was laid upon
the table.
CERTIFICATES OF INDEBTEDNESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means a bill which
it is important to have passedas soon as possible.
It is in a single section, and I shall ask to have it
put upon its passage. It is n bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
indebtedness to such creditors of the Government
as may dpsire to receive them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is a bill of the same title from the Senate
now upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, I ask that that be
taken up.
There being no objection, bill of the Senate
No. 212, tu authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
