1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
ury to issue certificates of indebtedness to public
creditors, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be issued to any public creditor
who may desire to receive the same, upon the
requisition of the head of the proper Department,
in satisfaction of audited and settled demands
against the United States, certificates for the whole
amount due, or a part thereof—not less than $1,000
—payable one year from date, or earlier, at the
option of the Government, and bearing interest at
the rate of six per cent, per annum.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. CALVERT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of J. W. Nye; which was read a first and second
time, recommitted to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed.
TRADE AND INTERCOURSE WITH INDIANS.
Mr. ALDRlCH,from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back bill of the House No. 190,
extending the^laws now in force regulating trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes to the In-
dian reservations of California.
The bill provides that all laws of the United
States regulating trade and intercourse with Indian
tribes, or such provisions thefeof as are applica-
ble, shall be extended over the Indian reservations
in the State of California.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALDRIGH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANALYSIS OF SOILS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. When the Committee on
Agriculture was called for reports my attention
was for the moment withdrawn. I ask thatares-
olution which 1 sent up and endeavored to offer
some time since, in regard to an analysis of soils,
shall be referred to the'Committee on Agriculture.
I suppose there wili *be no objection to that. The
resolution was sent up to the desk and read, and
has not been returned to me.
The SPEAKER. TheCIerkhasnosuch paper.
The resolution was objected to, and therefore
could not be received.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It was published in the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk keeps no paper
that is not received by the House.
ENGINEER VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back the bill of the
House No. 224, to authorize the employment of
engineer volunteers, with an amendment.
The bill was read ill ex'enso. The first section
authorizes the President of the United States to
accept the services of, or select and transfer from
other regiments, a number of engineer volunteers
in the proportion of one company to every brigade
in tiic service; such engineer volunteers to serve
for such time as the President may direct, notex-
ceeding three years nor less than six months, and
to bo disbanded at the end of the present war.
The second section provides that they shail be
subject to the rules and regulations governing the
Army of the United States, and shall be divided
into regiments, and fixes the number of officers,
non-commissioned officers, and privates in sucn
regiments.
The third section provides that the Governors
of the States furnishing said engineer volunteers
shall commission the field, stall, and company
officers; but where the State authorities fait to
make such appointments, or in case of vacancies
occurring through death, resignation, or
wise, tin; President shall make appointments to nil
the vacancies.
Section four provides that the officers, non-com-
missioned officers, and privates of said engineer
volunteers shall, in all respects, be placed on the
same footing, as to pay and allowances, bounty,
pensions, &c.,as engineer officers and men of the
regular Army.
The fifth section provides that the officers, non-
commissioned officers, and privates heretofore
mustered into service as engineers, or sappers and
miners,shall, in all respects,be placed on the'same
footing as to pay, or allowances, bounty, pension,
&c., as the officers, non-commissioned officers,
and privates of the regular Army, and shall be
paid as such for services already rendered.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported an
amendment to strike out the third section of the
bill and insert in lieu thereof a substitute provid-
ing that the President of the United States shall
commission the field, staff, and company officers
requisite for said engineer volunteers.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In explanation of
this bill, I will state to the House that the legis-
lation of last summer was necessarily very hasty,
and that, in the law authorizing the President to
receive volunteers, there is no provision for re-
ceiving any but infantry, cavalry, and artillery.
The engineer corps of the Army was found to be
utterly insufficient; and so in many of the parts
where the Army has been in the field operating,
engineer volunteers have been received into ser-
vice under the authority of thifGovernment. I
know very well that there was a regiment of en-
gineers mustered into service in Missouri, and I
believe that their mustering in was sanctioned by
the general commanding in that department, and
ajso by the Government here. Another regiment
oTengineers has been mustered into service from
NewYork, who arc now serving in that capacity
at Hilton Head and Port Royal. There is still an-
other regiment of engineers with the army of the
Potomac. There is no law, however, to authorize
the payment of those engineer regiments. They
are as efficient as are the engineer regiments in the
regular service.
I have recently received a letter from General
Haileck, in command of the western department,
in which he expresses his extreme desire that
there maybe a law passed to legalize the mustering
into service of these engineer regiments. I have
also received a letter of a similar character from
General Sherman, commanding at Port Royal.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether it is contemplated
to raise any more regiments?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The hill, hy its
terms, authorizes the President to accept the ser-
vice of volunteer engineers, not to exceed one
company for a brigade. He may take them either
by selection from men already in the service, or
he may resort to recruiting, if necessary for the
service, additional companies. The bill gives
ample power to the President to receive into ser-
vice, or to transfer from among those already in
service, all the engineers that may be necessary,
not to exceed one company for each brigade.
The amendments suggested by the Committee
on Military Affairs apply simply to organization.
In the first place, instead of allowing the Governor
of a State to appoint the officers, as now provided
for in the regular volunteer service, that duty is
devolved on the President. It is regarded as im-
portant that these officers shall be selected from
among men who have seen actual service, and who
are qualified for this particular service. Another
amendment is to have those men who have been
already mustered into service as engineers, and
have actually performed service in that capacity,
paid as such. This they are entitled to.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to know what De-
partment has recommended the passage of this
bill? m, _
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Department
has sanctioned it by authorizing the mustering in
of these different regiments.
Mr. BINGHAM. What Department?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The War Depart-
ment.
Mr BINGHAM. Does the gentleman mean to
say that the Department has authorized the mus-
terin°* in of these regiments in advance of .
Mr. BLA.IR, of Missouri. Itdid; because they
were absolutely necessary to the service. The
Government has authorized a e,ood many other
things in advance of law, for which we are under
obligations to it.
Mr. WILSON. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It has not been.
Mr. WILSON. Has the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs any objection to having the billpriiited
and recommitted? ; -
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I should not have
any objection to it except that this matter demand's'
immediate attention. I have been desirous for
many weeks and months to report these bills, arid
have the law passed to authorize the'appropnate
payment of those engineer regiments who have
been mustered into service as such.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to move to have this bill recommitted and
printed, so that members may have an opportunity
to examine it. It proposes to create an additional
force. The President is"not confined to the force
already in service; but may add to it by creating
this new engineer corps. 1 think that this is an
organization which should be looked into to some
extent. The matter should not be hurried through
the House without examination.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am perfectly will-
ing that the bill should be printed if the House
will agree to assign a day certain for its consid-
eration.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. But if it be recom-
mitted it would lie in the hands of the committee
for perhaps two months longer. I will agree to
have the bill printed if it be made the special order
for Thursday or Friday next.
Mr. WILSON. Say Friday.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Very well.' I move
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
till Friday next, and that it be made a special
order for that day, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to make an
additional article of war; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill directs that there shall be promul-
gated as an additional article of war for the gov-
ernment of the Army of the United States, and
shall be obeyed as such, an order that all officers
in the military service of the United States are
prohibited from employing any of the forces un-
der their respective commands for the purpose of
returning fugitives from service or labor who may
have escaped from any persons to whom such
service or labor is claimed to be due; and direct-
ing that any officer who shall be found guilty by
court-martial of violating this article shall be dis-
missed from the service. The second section
makes the act take effect from and after its pas-
sage.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, by inserting after the word " officers" the
words " or persons in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer that amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The bill is reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, under the
instructions of the House. The House adopted
a resolution ordering the Military Committee to
report the additional article of war. I move the
previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw the previous question for a
moment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw it.
Mr. MALLORY. I want to know whether if
a law now on the statute-book cannot be enforced
in one of the States of the Union in consequence
of combinations too powerful to bo put down by
the State authorities, and if the Government of the
United States were called on to aid the State au-
thorities, and sent its Army for that purpose, this
rule would not prevent the renderingof that aid ? It
occurs to me that it must clearly do so. And you
are deciding by this article of war that the Presi-
dent of the United States shall not be permitted to
send a military force into a State to aid the au-
thorities of that State in enforcing a national law
which stands on your statute-book. I ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether it is the fixed de-
termination to repeal the fugitive slave law; for if it
