THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
be not intended to repeal that law, this is a denial
to the State, where that law was sought to be en-
forced, of the aid of the General Government in
®jepforcement. If it be the intention to repeal
that law, I wish gentlemen of the House to say
£$>,,candidly, and at once, and to let us know what
"vire are to expect in regard to this matter.
: I regard this as a very grave matter, and I hope
the House will not act upon it precipitately. 1
therefore propose to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs that he will postpone the
consideration of this bill to some future day, and
let it be printed in the meantime for the informa-
tion of the House.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will yield the floor
to the gentleman, because I desire the House to
act upon this matter with the full consideration
of every phase of it that can be presented; and at
tlie present time, I do not propose to decide the
question the gentleman has raised as to whether
this bill, if it becomes a law, will repeal the fugi-
tive slave law or not. I believe, in common with
a great many others, that the Army of the United
States has a great deal better business than re-
turning fugitive slaves. I will therefore yield to
the gentleman to make his motion,and then I will
call the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to make a single
suggestion to the gentleman from Missouri, and
to "the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania for that purpose.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment to the bill, which will, I think, obviate the
objection which the gentleman from Kentucky
makes. I suggest that this sentence be inserted
at the commencement of the first section of the
bill: " That, during the existence of the present
rebellion."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to the gentleman moving that as an amendment
if he desires.
Mr. HICKMAN. I propose that as an amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Now, if the gentle-
man from Kentucky will indicate a time to which
he wishes this bill to be postponed, I will yield
to him to make the motion.
Mr.MALLORY. I will suggest the third Wed-
nesday in March, if it is left to me.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the gentleman from
Missouri yielding the iloor, unless he yields it
altogpther; and if he does, I move the previous
question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I yield the floor to
the gentleman from Kentucky for the purpose he
has indicated, and I hope he will suit himself as
to time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will not yield the floor to allow this bill
to be postponed until the end of March. If that
motion is made, however, I desire the gentleman
to yield to me to say something on the motion to
postpone.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will yield to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. It seems to me there is no
necessity for the postponement of this bill on the
ground indicated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. It is absolutely impossible by any kind
of logic to torture this bill into the construction
which the gentleman attempts to put upon its
words. It is impossible by any fair construction
to make it even imply an interference with the
administration of civil justice in this country,
either under the legislation of 1850 or under any
act that has ever been passed by this Government.
The bill, by its terms, is simply a restraint
upon the action of the officers and persons in the
Army or Navy of the United States against the
rights of persons charged with no crime, and not
liable by law to military control. It is a measure
which limits and restrains to that extent, and no
further, all officers and persons in the military or
naval service of the United States, so that they
may not do in the future what they, or some of
them, are now unjustly doing, what they may
unjustly dQ to-morrow or any other day before
that day in March which the gentleman from
ICcntucky names, if the bill shall be postponed
to that day, as he proposes. Sir, the bill simply
provides that your officers in the Army and Navy,
and those under them, shall not exercise in the
future, as in the past, the functions which belong
alone and exclusively to the civil magistrates of
the country, upon the penalty of being tried by a
court-martial, and, upon conviction, of being dis-
missed from the service thus abused and dis-
graced. . .
Mr. MALLORY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will modify my motion,
so as to postpone the bill until the first Wednes-
day in March.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it is to be postponed, I,
of course, prefer the shortest day.
Mr. MALLORY. And I desire to state that I
am very much gratified with the remarks which
have just fallen from the lips of the gentleman
from Ohio, for I have conceived a very high opin-
ion of his legal attainments since I have been as-
sociated with him upon this floor; but I must be
permitted to say that I am very suspicious of the
accuracy of the working of his mind upon ques-
tions of this character. [Laughter.] Upon this
question, at any rate, I cannot concur with him
in opinion upon the construction he gives to this
bill-
I now move to postpone the bill until the first
Wednesday in March; and upon that motion I
demand the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 have not yielded the floor
to the gentleman for any such purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I thought he had yielded the floor alto-
gether.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. Mr. Speaker,
this bill has no other intent or effect than I hase
stated. No one who listens attentively to its read-
ing can, I think, fairly put upon it any other con-
struction. I repeat, sir, that the bill simply pro-
vides that no officer or person in the military or
naval service of the United States shall, in that
character, and upon their own motion, interfere
for the arrest of persons claimed as fugitive slaves,
and order their rendition. No such officer or per-
son is, by this bill, permitted to seize them, hold
them, or surrender them as fugitive slaves. The
sole object and effect of the bill is to remedy an
abuse which is constantly being perpetrated,and
which should not be tolerated or permitted.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will.
Mr. Wi CKLIFFE. I see by the evidence which
has been furnished, that General Grant captured
at Fort Donelson, I think it was, twelve negro
slaves among the prisoners there taken. They
were returned by him to their loyal owners in
Kentucky, from whom they had been forced by
the rebel power. Would this bill prevent a mili-
tary commander from the exercise of such apower?
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill, as I had already
stated when the gentleman rose to his inquiry, is
so specific in its terms that no man can mistake its
meaning. The terms of the bill are clear and sim-
ple. I repeat that the bill only prohibits officers
and persons in the military or naval service of the
United States from interfering as such, and of
their own motion, in the seizure, detention, or sur-
render of persons claimed as fugitives from service
or labor.
Mr. GRIDER, With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I want to state a single fact,
and see how he will apply it to this bill. 1 am in-
formed by a letter from my neighborhood that
within three counties in my district the rebel army
have impressed and run off slaves to the valueof
about three hundred thousand dollars. Now, sir,
does this article of war propose that these servants
shall not be returned, and shall not be intercepted ?
Does the gentleman propose that the military shall
not, under any circumstances, interfere with this
description of property ? Does he recognize the
right of these owners to recover their slaves under
the fugitive slave law, or does he set aside the
fugitive slave law? Will he make the military
power paramount to every other consideration,
even of constitutional obligation, and turn these
negroes free ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman lias antici-
patedapartof my speech. The last words which
fell from his lips is what I had purposed to say
myself. I said in the outset that the only proper
construction that can be given to this bill is, that
it prohibits officers and persons in the military or
naval service of the United States from perform-
ing or interfering with the functions of the civil
magistrates in the arrest or rendition of fugitive
slaves. And I now ask the attention of the House
to the language of the bill itself:
Be it enacted ly the Senate and Home of Rejiresenta-
tivesoftke United States of America in Congress assembled,
That 'liereafter the following thai! be promulgated as an
additional article of war for the government of the Army
of the United States, and shall be obeyed and observed as
such: , .... ,
Article —. All officers or persons in the military ana
naval service of the United States are prohibited from em-
ploying any of the forces under their respective commands
for "the purpose of returningfugitives from serviecor labor,
who may have escaped fioin any persons to whom such
service or labor is claimed to be due. Any officer who shall
be found guilty by court-martial of violating this article,
shall be dismissed from the service.
No, sir; there is all of this proposed article of
war; and that there is occasion for the enactment
of such a law appears from the fact that officers in
command of a portion of the armies of the United
States, without colorable authority of law, in vio-
lation of all law, and especially in violation of
the very law about which my friend from Ken-
tucky is so careful—I mean the fugitive slave law
of 1850—have been in the practice of orderingthose
under their command to seize men as alleged fugi-
tives from service or labor, and to surrender them
as slaves to those claiming to be their masters, and
this, too, without trial, without proof, and without
a shadow of authority.
.This practice is a' military despotism that the
American people should not tolerate for a mo-
ment, nor lose a moment in ending it, by the en-
actment of this bill into a law. Mr. Speaker, if
I had my way, instead of having this bill provide,
as it does simply provide, that persons in the
Unit£d States military or naval service thus offend-
ing, should,upon conviction by court-martial,be
dismissed from the service, I would have the bill
provide that such offenders should, by the sen-
tence of a court-martial, be shot as kidnappers,
and as invaders of the rights of persons, as viola-
tors of justice and of the very sanctuary of justice.
Mr.'DUNN. Will the gentleman permit me
to interrupt him?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me; not mow. 1 wish to say somethirg more about
this bill. Although these persons are slaves, they
are men entitled to the rights of men befoie the
law.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. Does my friend from Ohio pietend
to say if an officer of the United States Army were
to restore to his owner, who is a. loyal man, the
slaves which escaped from him into the lines of
the army over which he has control, that such an
officer would be acting as a kidnapper or a slave
stealer?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman does not
seem to understand the position which I have
taken. I say that a military officer who assumes,
wrongfully assumes, to exercise the functions of
civil magistracy, and undertakes to sit upon the
right of any human being born within the limits
of this Republic to the possession of his own per-
son and his own soul, and against whom no of-
fense is charged, is worse than a kidnapper. He
has no right to do it, and by so doing commits a
crime, a great crime.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to qualify his remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not modify my remarks.
I say that he is worse than a kidnapper: and in-
stead of being cashiered for thus wrongfully as-
suming and exercising the powers which belong
exclusively to the courts of justice, he ought to be
shot by the sentence of a court-martial.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me say a word right
here.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman must excuse
me.
Mr. MALLORY. It will not take a moment.
In a case of doubt, whether the party owed service
or not, in other words, whether he was a free
man or a slave, I am the last man who would in-
sist that military officers should exercise the right
of summarily returning him without investigation.
I believe I would oppose that as much as the gen-
tleman from Ohio. I tell him that I represent a
State which has a law upon its statute-book pun-
ishing men guilty of sucli an act.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is always a doubt, a
doubt imposed by law upon the conscience of
