
EASTPORT, MISS., January 21, 1865.

Brigadier - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

General Grander telegraphs me from Decatur that Roddey proposes to exchange with him one office and thirty - one men of our army for a like number of his command now in our hands. I would recommend that the proposition be accepted, and that you send to General Granger at Decatur, Ala., the men of Roddey's command asked for.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major - General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, January 21, 1865.

Major H. A. ALLEN, Commanding Fort Warren:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the mask ending Saturday, January 21, 1865:

Conduct - orderly. Cleanliness - satisfactory. Clothing - in as good order as the limited allowance will permit. Bedding - in good order. State of quarters - neat and well policed. States of mess house - neat and clean. State of kitchen - neat and clean. food. quality of - good. Food, quantity of - the full allowance. Water - good. Sinks - in good order. Police of grounds - once every day. Drainage - excellent. Police of hospital - no special hospital for prisoners. Attendance of sick - regular. Hospital diet - as ordered by the surgeon General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WOODMAN,

Lieutenant, First Batt. Mass. Vol. Arty., and Inspector Officer.
HEADQUARTERS WEST'S BUILDINGS HOSPITAL,Baltimore, Md., January 21, 1865.

Surg. A. CHAPEL, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Hospital:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspector report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 21, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - sufficient. Bedding - good. State of quarters - good. State of mess-house - good. State of kitchen - good. Food. quality of - excellent. Food, quantity of - sufficient. Water - good. Sinks - good. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - good. attendance of sick - excellent. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - good as could be expected from the nature of their wounds and diseases. Vigilance of guard - good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORATIO ROBERTS,

Second Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., January 21, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary - General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 19th instant, calling attention to the fact that I have

