
not reported my views (as requested in communication from your office dated December 12, 1864) as to the necessity of issuing clothing to prisoners of war at the present time. I would offer in explanation that about the same date (December 12) we received instructions from Brigadier - General Paine, U. S. Volunteers, to forward immediately through him, to the agent of the rebel authorities, a report from the prisoners of war at this depot of the supplies necessary to render them comfortable. This report was forwarded at once, and inasmuch as we had just received a partial supply of clothing (sent by mistake to this depot), I did not deem it necessary to make any further report before the arrival of the supplies from the rebel authorities. in obedience to your instructions of the 19th instant I have forwarded this day requisition in duplicate for such clothing as will be absolutely necessary within the next four weeks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

HEADQUARTER CAMP CHASE,

Near Columbus, Ohio, January 21, 1865.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 21, 1865.

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - fair. Clothing - generally comfortable. Bedding - improving. State of quarters - good. State of mess-houses - good. State of kitchen - very good. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - sufficient. Water - good and sufficient. Sinks - in good order. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - fair. Police of hospital - excellent. Attendance of sick - sufficient. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - unexceptionable.

Remarks and suggestions. - Since my last report no material change has taken place except in the increase of prisoners, most of whom have been wounded and necessarily require hospital treatment, increasing the necessary hospital accommodation and medical attention, all of which have been supplied. The smallpox is still prevailing to some extent, but vaccination is going on and very soon all will have been favored with this means of prevention. There is wanted in prison one [No.] 6 cooking stove with pans for baking corn brad. I suggest the best Premium as the cheapest and most durable kind of stove for prison use.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. K. ALLEN,

Captain, Eighty - eighth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The prisoners received from Thomas' army have been very much exposed, and great mortality prevails. Pneumonia is the principal disease.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary - General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Commanding Post.

