HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDANT,Louisville, Ky., January 21, 1865.

Captain STEPHEN E. JONES, Additional Aide - de - Camp.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 21, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - perfect. Clothing - . Bedding - blankets. State of quarters - clean. State of mess-house - clean. State of kitchen - clean. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - full prison ration. Water - sufficient. Sinks - clean. Police of grounds - perfect. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - usual. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

remarks and suggestions. - I have carefully inspected the military prison and take great pleasure in reporting that I found everything in good order; good discipline and systematic arrangement in the different department of the prison. I would suggest that the stove in the kitchen hospital needs repairing. Captain Pratt, executive office of the prison, certainly deserves credit for the efficient and faithful manner in which he discharges the duties of his position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS BUCKNER,

Captain and Post Inspector Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Upon the 2nd instant I addressed a letter, which I inclose,* asking the permanent assignment of a regiment for duty at the military prison to relieve the Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, which had been on duty there for several weeks, and whose term was about expiring. On the 12th instant the Thirtieth Wisconsin Veteran Infantry was ordered to report to me. This regiment is much superior in every respect to any I have yet had and it is very desirable to retain it if practicable. The late inspecting officer of this post, whom, in the absence of a competent inspecting officer at the military prison, I have been compelled to get to make inspections for me, having been relieved and his successor appointed, no inspection was made for the week ending January 14, 1865. The reception of clothing by prisoners from friends being prohibited by regulations, and the issue of Government supplies by General Hoffman, and none of the Confederate supplies having been sent to this prison, many of the prisoners passing through here are received and forwarded in a very destitute condition.

The foregoing report is approved and respectfully referred to the Commissary - General of Prisoners.

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Additional Aide - de - Camp, Commanding Military Prison.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Numbers 3. Rock Island, Ill., January 21, 1865.

I. A military commission, of which Captain B. R. Wagner, Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, is president, assembled at this post on the 19th day of January, 1865, in virtue of Special Orders, Nos. 223 and 235, series of 1864, from these headquarters, for the purpose of

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

