
inquiring into the shooting of C. W. Graham and John Stevens, prisoners of war, by Privates Richards Kendrick and John H. Smith, of Company C, One hundred and eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry. The commission met pursuant to the orders, and after a careful examination and deliberation on the testimony adduced found the following facts:

First. That Privates Richard Kendrick and John H. Smith, both of Company C, One hundred and eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, were sentinels on the fourth front prison parapet on the night of the 1st of January, 1863, and that their instructions were to shoot any prisoner they saw on their side of the dead-line. If they saw any prisoners coming across it, halt them and keep them there until the corporal of the guard came. Second. That Corpl. James Rollins, of Company C, One hundred and eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, was on guard on the night of the 1st of January, 1865, on the fourth front of the prison, and that one of the sentinels on the parapet called for the corporal of the guard, but before he could get to him he heard the sentinel fire, and then the sentinel on the next post fired. He got to the parapet and found that the prisoners had placed a ladder against the fence, and nearly reached the top of it when he was discovered and shot by the sentinel. Another prisoner has crossed the dead-line and had been fired at by the next sentinel. Third. That John H. Smith, private of Company C, One hundred and eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, was a sentinel on the prison parapet, post Numbers 5, between 12 and 2 o'clock on the night of the 1st of January, 1865. While walking his beat he discovered a man sitting on a ladder against the prison fence, whom he instantly shot. Three other prisoners at the foot of the ladder started to run, when the next sentinel shot one of them, who fell into the ditch, but got up and made his way to his barracks. Fourth. That Richard Kendrick, private, Company C, One hundred and eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, was a sentinel on the prison parapet, post Numbers 4, between 12 and 1 o'clock on the night of the 1st of January, 1865. He was a prisoner on the fence just before the next sentinel fired. Three other prisoners were on the ground. As they started to run he fired and one of them fell into the ditch.

Opinion. - The commission, after mature deliberation on the evidence adduced, are of the opinion that Private Kendrick and Smith were but in the proper discharge of their duties as sentinels in the shooting of Graham and Stevens, prisoners of war, and do therefore acquit them of all blame in this matter, and compliment them on their vigilance and promptness in executing their duty, this putting an effectual stop to all further attempts to escape by the prisoners of war waiting the fate of their comrades.

II. After carefully reading the testimony, findings, and opinion of the military commission in the case of the shooting of C. W. Graham and John Stevens, prisoners of war, by John H. Smith and Richard Kendrick, privates, Company C, One hundred and eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, the colonel commanding post approves the same.

III. The military commission of which Captain B. R. Wagner, Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, is president is hereby dissolved.

By order of Colonel A. J. Johnson, Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, commanding post:

A. F. HIGGS,

First Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

