HEADQUARTERS 111TH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,Nashville, Tenn., January 21, 1865.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a Mobile paper* (rebel) containing, over the signature of D. H. Maury, major - general, C. S. Army, the names of 569 soldiers belonging to the One hundred and sixth, One hundred and tenth, and One hundred and eleventh Regiment of U. S. Colored Infantry, who were taken prisoners by a force of the enemy under Major General N. B. Forrest, at Athens and Sulphur Branch Trestle, Ala., on the 24th and 25th of September, 1864, and placed at work on the defenses of Mobile, Ala., by order of the rebel authorities. Lieutenant William T. Lewis, adjutant One hundred and tenth U. S. Colored Infantry, has a paper of later date than this, containing the names of nearly 300 more soldiers of the same command, also at work on the defenses of Mobile.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. POPPLETON,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant 111th U. S. Colored Infantry.

Indorsement on Dana to Christenses, January 14, 1865. printed in Series 1, Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 519; Forrest to Dana, January 6, 1865, p. 31. ante; Forrest to Rousseau and Rousseau to Forrest, December 16, 1864, Vol. VII, of this series, p. 1233; Dana to Forrest, January 12, 1865, in Series I, Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 498.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, January 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners. The arrangements made by General Washburn and my won authority to act are suspended by the order of Lieutenant - General Grant. As the prisoners referred to belong to two different armies the decision should be made by the general commissioner for exchange of prisoners. In this cases it is recommended that the exchange be made.+

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major - General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, January 21, 1865.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have made an agreement with the Federal authorities for the release and delivery on the both sides of all prisoners of war who have been or now are held either in close confinement or in irons. The list of those so held by the enemy embraces more than fifty, while ours does not reach fifteen. Those whom we hold are mostly confined here and at Salisbury. The order for release of our men was issued about a week ago, and I am satisfied they are now held as other prisoners of war. I will therefore be much obliged to you if you will direct General Gardener to release immediately such Federal prisoners as are now held in close confinement or irons.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. OLD,

Agent of Exchange.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

+ See Hitchcock to Canby, February 17, p. 242.

