
Charge V.

Of the first specification, not guilty.

Of the second specification, guilty.

Of the fifth charge, guilty.

SENTENCE.

And the commission do, therefore, sentence him, the said Andrew Humphreys, a citizen of the State of Indiana, to be confined at hard labor during the war, at such place as the proper authority shall designate.

II. The proceedings, findings, and sentence in the foregoing case of Andrew Humphreys, a citizen of the State of Indiana, United States of America, are approve; but as the evidence does not show that the said Andrew Humphreys took any active part or committed any overt acts which were calculated to incite an insurrection or aid the conspiracy, and in view of his former good character and lengthy confinement, Colonel A. J. Warner, Seventeenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, commanding post at Indianapolis, Ind., will discharge the said Andrew Humphreys upon the following conditions, viz:

That the said Andrew Humphreys give his parole of honor that he will confine himself within the limits of Wright and Stockton Townships, in the county of Greene, in the State of Indiana, during the term of the present war of the rebellion; and, further, that he will take no part, directly or indirectly, against the prosecution of the present war by the United States against the rebels now in arms.

Upon the breach of said parole by the said Andrew Humphreys, he will be immediately arrested and delivered to the commanding officer at Covington, Ky., who is charged with the execution of the sentence, in conformity with the finding of the commission.

By command of Bvt. Major General Alvin P. Hovey:

J. W. WALKER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 2, 1865.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to state that about 13,000 prisoners are now held at Salisbury, N. C., and that they are being subsisted from a section of country which should,at this juncture, be wholly tributary to General Lee's army. I respectfully request that they be removed to points where supplies are more abundant and cannot be made immediately available for the troops in Virginia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 2, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Refer to General Winder, who has general charge of all the prisoners, and inform him that the Department feels the force of the suggestion made by the Commissary-General, and would be pleased to have the prisoners at Salisbury removed to some more productive region as soon, and as fast, as some provision can be made for their security and subsistence elsewhere.

J. A. SEDDON.

