HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbus, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Captain RICHARDSON:

SIR: You will received the packages of money for prisoners from the express company, paying the charges from the money itself, and dividing the express equitably amongst the prisoners, according to the sums due each.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier - General.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, C. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Columbus, S. C., January 21, 1865.

General J. H. WINDER, Commanding - General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: In my original orders I was limited in paying out funds to the order of prisoners to $ 100 per week. In the recent rule established by Major Griswold there is no such restriction, and I have paid out as much as $ 15,000 to the order of one prisoners, all drawn for within ten days of each other, and approved by Major Grisword without whose approval I could not pay out any amounts.

I have, of course, no objection to paying out any amounts in my hands, but desiring to be safe in doing so, I respectfully request to know if this is done with your approval. My reasons for submitting this matter in this shape to you, is that you were made aware by me of the original order, and I am uninformed of your acquaintance with the present rule. Be pleased to indorse your views hereon and return to,

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. RICHARDSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded through Major Griswold, commanding prison, Columbia, S. C.

J. S. RICHARDSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Second indorsement.]

CAMP ASYLUM, C. S. PRISON, January 23, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier - General Winder, with the remark that the rule as now adopted was clearly understood in consultation with General Winder. The original restriction was made when the money went into the hands of the prisoners. AS the money does not now go into their hands, no objection is seen to their drawing upon their own money, for food, clothing, &amp;c., to any extent they please.

E. GRISWOLD,

Major, Commanding Prison.

[Third indorsement.]

COLUMBIA, S. C., January 24, 1865.

Major Griswold's suggestion approved.

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier - General.

