HDQRS. C. S. MI. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Mrs. C. M. JONES:

MADAM: The occupation of Savannah by the enemy renders it inexpedient for the Confederate States to continued to occupy the stockade at Camp Lawton. It is therefore given up to you, and I will take the earliest opportunity to send an agent to arrange and settle the account between yourself and the Confederate States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUNumbers H. WINDER,

Brigadier - General.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Sumter, Ga., January 21, 1865.

Lieutenant R. B. THOMAS, Acting Assistant Adjutant - General:

SIR: Complaints being made almost every day by chief surgeon of hospital about prisoners stealing hospital; property and selling it to members of the guard stationed at hospital, and frequent escape made by prisoners from hospital, make it a matter of importance to inclose the hospital with a stockade.

I was ordered by the general commanding last fall to put up a stockade around the hospital, but owing to a more pressing work and scarcity of teams to haul logs, I have not been able to do it. The same difficulty, as far as means of transportation are concerned, still exists, and I do not think it possible to inclose the hospital with a stockade, unless I resort to other means. Last fall a third line of stockade around the main stockade was commenced. It was intended as a covered way to march troops from one fort to another. It, as well as the forts themselves, was never finished. A great many of the logs are lying on the ground, either rotting or stolen by the troops for fire wood. I would most respectfully suggest that this third line of stockade be used to put up a stockade around the hospital. If it should be deemed expedient hereafter to finish this third line around stockade, it would be no more trouble to haul the logs from the woods to finish it than it would be to haul them to the hospital. In the meantime it would enable me to prevent trading going on at hospital across the present plank fence, only six feet high; also the numerous escapes of prisoners.

Respectfully recommending the subject to your consideration,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding Prison.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, January 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Lafayette:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 22, 1865:

Conduct - very good. Cleanliness - generally very good. Clothing - good. Bedding - iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillows. State of quarters - very good. State of mess-house - cleanly. State of kitchen - cleanly. Food, quality of - good. Food,

