
quantity of - circular of June 1, 1864, complied with. Water - excellent (Croton). Sinks - cleanly. Police of grounds - excellent. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - no hospital at post; prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton. Attendance of sick - Hospital Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning. Hospital diet - none at post. General health of prisoners - very good. Vigilance of guard - guards vigilant; prisoners verified three timed during the night.

Remarks and suggestions. - The are fifty-nine prisoners confined at Fort Lafayette, consisting of prisoners of war and state. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent? Everything allowed by existing order is furnished to them, and a good degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellence of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES STEELHAMMER,

First Lieutenant, Seventeenth U. S. Infty., Post Adjt. and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received, is strictly carried out and adhered to.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary - General of Prisoners.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant - Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL.,January 22, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPT, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 21, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - proper attention paid to. Clothing - good, with a few exceptions, but insufficient. Bedding - bunk and blankets. State of quarters - clean and comfortable. State of mess-house - in an excellent condition. State of kitchen - clean and well conducted. Food. quality of - very good. Food, quantity of - sufficient. Water - good and sufficient. Sicks - are kept clean. Police of grounds - well conducted. Drainage - very good. Police of hospital - well conducted. Attendance of sick - prisoners receive excellent care and attention. Hospital diet - very good and sufficient. General health of prisoners - about 8 1/2 per cent, sick; fifteen deaths during the week. Vigilance of guard - good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captains, Acting Assistant Adjutant - General of Insp. Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, January 22, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 22, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - fair. Bedding - plenty of blankets and straw now being issued. State of quarters -

