
fair. State of mess-house - fair. State of kitchen - good. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - full prisoners' rations except potatoes. Water - lake and good. Sinks - fair. Police of grounds - not good on account of snow and ice. Drainage -good. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - very good. Vigilance of guard - good. Remarks and suggestions. - When number of prisoners, 3,063; number in hospital, 46; number of deaths since last report, 2. I would respectfully suggest that the following articles be added to the sutler's list: Buttons (not metal), pins, shoe strings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty, and Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MORTON,Indianapolis, Ind., January 22, 1865.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 21, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good state. Clothing - good. Bedding - good. State of quarters - kept as clan as is possible. State of mess-house - have none. State of kitchen - good. Feed, quality of - first class. Food, quantity of - sufficient, being according to orders. Water - sufficient. Sinks - sufficient for cold weather. Police of grounds - covered with snow during the whole week. Drainage - complete. Police of hospital - thorough. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - first class. General health of prisoners - good, but fatality is greater than usual. Vigilance of guard - very strict.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector Office.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 23, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your instructions I submit herewith copies of all papers correspondence filed at these headquarters in relation to exchange of prisoners of war.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK

Major - General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, January 23, 1865.

Major - General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

The following communication has just been received from R. Old:+

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant - General.

---------------

* These inclosures are embraced in list following Townsend to Stanton, January 21, p. 98.

---------------

+ See Old to Grant, January 17, p. 83.

8 R R - SERIES II, VOL VIII

