HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 23, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, New York:

The Secretary of War directs that the suspension of General Beall's parole be revoked and that he be permitted to resume his functions as formerly. It is presumed that the steamer Atlanta, with the

cotton from Mobile, will reach New York, within a day or two. The delay has been caused by the non-delivery of the cotton by the rebel authorities. General Wessells has been directed to parole General Vance as assistant to General Beall.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major - General and Chief of Staff.

NEW YORK, January 23, 1865.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the temporary suspension of your parole is terminated, and you are at liberty to resume your functions under the arrangement between General Grant and Judge Old.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PAINE,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOR DELAWARE, DEL.,January 23, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C..:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a requisition for 2,000 blankets for prisoners which your ordered to this post. From the correspondence between Generals Vance and Beall the arrangement of supplying their own prisoners seems very distant, and they will suffer if not furnished during the winter season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier - General.

PENITENTIARY, SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., January 23, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK:

SIR: I have the honor to report, in answer to yours of the 20th, that Johnson S. Palmer, John R. H. Embert, Braxton Lyon, and Samuel B. Hearn are detained here as prisoners by order of the Secretary of War. Having duplicate general court - martial orders in the case of the three last mentioned prisoners, I inclose one for your information. I believe they were convicted as spies. Palmer was convicted by General Spies commissioner of "violation of the laws and customs of war," in trading with the enemy, &amp;c., and sentenced to imprisonment until the termination of the present rebellion. See General Court - Martial Orders, Numbers 206, War Department, Adjutant - General's Office, Washington, July 25, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMOS PILSBURY,

Superintendent.

