
20th of January, 1865, Private Newell Sanford, of Company A, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, member of the provost guard, prison square, Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., did shoot a prisoners of war by the name of William A. Chance, Company A, Thirty - third Alabama Regiment, who was at the time committing nuisance

(urinating) in a street of said square, and that the said private Sanford in shooting said prisoner of war was acting in obedience to the orders and under the command of Captain J. H. Hastings, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, and that, therefore, said Private Newell Sanford was justifiable in shooting said prisoners of war.

J. T. HILL,

Captains, Commanding Twenty-fourth Ohio Battery.

JAMES W. CRAWFORD,

First Lieutenant Co. I, Eighth Reg. Vet. Reserve Corps, and Recorder.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., February 13, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C. Approved.

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

Rock Island Barracks, Ill., January 23, 1865.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspector report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 23, 1865:

Conduct - very good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - good. Bedding -none. State of quarters - very good. State of mess-house - no mess-houses. State of kitchen - very good. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - as per circular from Commissary - General of Prisoners. Water - good. Sinks - not good. Police of grounds - very good. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - very good. Attendance of sick - very good. Hospital diet - very good. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant - Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps and Provost - Marshal of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISONS,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 23, 1865.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost - Marshal - General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 23, 1865:

Conduct - nothing to complain of. Cleanliness - moderate. Clothing - sufficient, with a few exceptions. Bedding - good and comfortable. State of quarters - neat and clean. State of mess-house - as

