
clean as can be made. State of kitchen - about the same. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - according to regulations Water - plenty. Sinks - clean, but on account of the cold weather not very comfortable. Police of grounds - very good. Drainage - hardly sufficient for a long term of cold weather. Police of hospital - very good. Attendance of sick - as good as can be desired. Hospital diet - in charge of the medical department; according to the requirements of the patients. General health of prisoners - no noticeable change. Vigilance of guard - tolerably strict.

Remarks and suggestions. - Although the expenditures recommended in my report of December 20 have not been resorted to, by means of minor repairs in the way of whitewashing, plastering, &amp;c., Gratiot Street Prison will, in my opinion, as far as cleanliness and general management is concerned, favorably compare with any prison in the West, taking into consideration the many disadvantages this prison, as a prison, is possessed of. I cannot refrain again expressing my regret at the sums swallowed by this prison for constant repairs, and hoping ultimately to learn a decision on my recommendation for a new prison.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-first Missouri Infty. Vols. and Insp. Office.

[Indorsement.]

Approved.

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel and Provost - Marshal - General, Dept. of the Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS FEDERAL PRISON,Cahaba, Ala., January 23, 1865.

General J. D. IMBODEN, August, Ga.:

GENERAL: On the morning of Friday, January 20, there was a mutiny in the Federal prison under my command. The prisoners simultaneously rushed upon the interior guards, disarmed and captured them. They then placed them under guard in the water - closets. Two sentinels posted at the entrance of the main prison from the stockade succeeded in making their escape and in giving the alarm to the sentries on the ramparts and the reserve guard. A courier was dispatches to the commanding officer of the troops at the post, who promptly ordered out the battalion under arms. A piece of artillery was brought to bear upon the prisoners, and all was very soon quieted down and inquest made for the ringleaders. I issued an order stopping the rations of the prisoners until the ringleaders were announced. This had the effect of securing five witnesses, whose testimony in the main is concurrent, and led to the detection and arrest of those most prominent in the affair. The man with whom the scheme originated was one George Schellar, alias Captain Hanchett and Robert Cox. This Schellar was captured by General Forrest near Nashville, Tenn., December 3, 1864. He was disguised as a citizen and was so registered and imprisoned by the provost - marshal - general of the Army of Tennessee, and at every post where it became necessary in his transit to this place. You will see by his confession that he declares his object to have been to be speedily sent through the lines. The most probable conjecture is that he dressed himself as a citizen and put

