
himself, but that if he had any voluntary statement to make to proceed. Said he is captain of Company M, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry. At time captured was acting assistant adjutant - general Colonel Capron's staff, commanding brigade. The inducement for him to pass himself as a citizen was that Colonel Kofer said that the citizens would be passed through the lines immediately. Was not the instigator of the mutiny, but took part in it.

Arrest - Private Robert Cox, Company G, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio, called. Does not know anything about the mutiny. Heard a noise and got up and walked toward the front entrance, and Captain Hanchett grabbed him by the arm, handed him a musket, and told him to take it, which he did, and set it down about two paces from the place where he received it. Captain Hanchett continued to run to and for from the entrance of the prison, calling for 100 men, and when he failed to get them ordered everybody to their bunks. Does not know how many were engaged in the mutiny. Heard the men speaking of the attempt to break out one week before, but does not remember any names. He recognized Captain Hanchett as the man who placed the musket in his hands.

Witness - Francis M. Prim, M, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, called. Recognized Robert Cox, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio, as one of three men who charged up to the entrance with a musket in his hand. When they charged the guard they ran. Recognized Captain Hanchett as the man who ran over him in returning from the main entrance to the middle of the prison, as also he who called for 100 men.

Arrest - Private John W. Lightbody, Company D, Eighteenth Ohio infantry, called. Knew nothing about the mutiny until the alarm was given. When he got up saw three muskets lying between the bunks as the entrance. Knew nothing about the plan to capture the guards. Knows nothing about Captain Hanchett. Heard men crying out "the guard has been captured," and "get up." Captain Hanchett had on citizens' clothes and wore a heavy beard.

Witness - Private George [W.] Salter, D, Third Iowa Cavalry, called. Recognizes Captain Hanchett and Private Cox and being the two men who charged the guard at the entrance with muskets. Mentions that John W. Lightbody, Eighteenth Ohio, told him the evening before the mutiny that it was the purpose of the prisoners to break out that night. Recognize Lightbody as the man who was busily engaged in the middle of the prison when 100 men were called for. Heard him say, "Come on, boys," and when they did not respond Captain Hanchett said, "Let them go; they are a damned set of cowards."

Witness - Citizen Jacob E. Lachler, passenger on steamer Prairie State, citizen of Pennsylvania, called. Belongs to same mess as Captain Hanchett. Knew nothing of mutiny until he heard a guard hallo. Captain Hanchett represented himself as a citizen. Did not tell him mess of the intended mutiny.

Citizen E. McCullough, pilot steamer Prairie State, plying between Nashville and Saint Louis, stated substantially the same as Lachler.

Witness - Citizen E. Baker, New York captured on the turnpike, five miles from Nashville, called. In Government employ. First he knew of the disturbance was that he heard some one hallooing. Captain Hanchett mess with him, but did not inform the mess of the mutiny. It was the prevalent opinion among the prisoners that Captain H. was the instigator of the plot. Recognizes Hanchett ass the man who went into the prison under the name of George Schellar. Recognizes Hanchett and Schellar as identical.

