
Arrest - George W. Riley, corporal, Twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry, called. Knows nothing at all about the mutiny.

Arrest - Private G. Hammarberg, H, Ninth Minnesota Infantry, called. Told George Salter, D, Third Iowa Cavalry, that George

Riley, told him that a certain whistle would blow, and if he heard another whistle he must get up and give held. Then asked him if they thought they could get out of prison. Replied, "did not think they could;" "have seen so many trials made at is." Recognizes G. W. Riley, corporal, Twenty - seventh Illinois, as the man who told him about the whistle. Says he did not hear the second whistle. Did not see Riley during the disturbance. First he knew of the riot was when the Confederate officer came in the prison and demanded the muskets of the prisoners. Heard that there was a captain of the U. S. Army who was "playing off citizen" in prison. Heard some one call for 100 men a short time before the Confederate officer came into the prison, and as he entered he heard some one say "Lay down."

Witness - Private George Sherman, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, called. Says a man by the name of Becker he saw running through the prison calling for 100 men. Saw James Morrison running through prison with a gun. George Hoff, one of the instigators -

Arrest - Private Thompson Hanson, E, Ninth Ohio Cavalry, called, Knew nothing about the plot of the prisoners to get out.

Arrest - Martin A. Becker, Company D, Thirteenth Wisconsin Infantry, cook for sick in prison, called. Said:

Didn't get out of my bunk night of riot but once, and that to go to spring. About half - past 4 a. m. was aroused by a noise in the middle of prison, when I raised up in my bunk and was four or five men holding a man, whom they said had been stealing blankets. I immediately afterward heard a man call for 100 men, and say, "The guards are captured." Soon after I heard a man say, "Lay down." I deny that I an one of those called for 100 men. It was the prevailing opinion in the prison that Captain Hanchett was one of the leaders in the disturbance.

Arrest - James Morrison, Company G, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, cook for sick in prison, called. First he knew of the disturbance was when the men were ordered back by a Confederate officer. Then said:

The first I heard of the disturbance was some one calling out, "He will never steal another blanket." Shortly afterward I saw several men running through the prison with guns, and heard one of them crying out for 100 men.

Arrest - Osmond F. Foster, I, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, called, said:

Did not get off my bunk the night of the disturbance. First I knew of it heard some one say something about stealing a blanket. Captain Hanchett, under his assumed name of George Schellar, was introduced to me on hiss arrival at prison, and was represented to be steward on a steam - boat; shortly after heard he was a captain in the U. S. Army. Never told any person that Becker was the leader of a previous plan in which 200 men were enlisted, but which was not executed, nor that he not under arrest. Knew nothing about the mutiny beforehand. It was the prevailing opinion of the prisoners that Captain Hanchett was the leader of the mutiny. Recognize him as one of the me now under arrest. Heard since the riot that about twenty or twenty-five were engaged in it. Do not know the intention of the men in case they succeeded. Was not a participant, and knew nothing of it before it occurred.

Arrest - George H. Hoff, F, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry:

Knew nothing of the riot until I saw a piece of artillery in the door of the prison and bearing upon my bunk, when I got down and went inside the main bunk-room. The first I knew of the riot was i heard some one cry, "Steal another blanket, will you?" Also one calling out for 100 men. I raised up from my bunk and saw a Confederate officer standing in the door with a piece of artillery, and

