
I therefore cannot do it. I understand that application has been made to General Hardee to send the Georgia reserves now with his army to Andersonville. I have written to him requesting that it may not be done, and I request that in no event may the headquarters of the reserves be placed at any of the prisons, as it has been found that as there is nothing but the prison it is much better that the officer commanding prison should command the whole.

The Georgia reserves now with General Hardee and those not required at Andersonville might be profitably employed at Augusta or some other point in Georgia.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier - General.
HEADQUARTERS PRISONS EAST OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER,Columbia, S. C., January 24, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I hope you will not consider me troublesome on the subject of the safety of the prisoners of war, but it is a question of so much importance, and my information concerning the movements of the two armies being derived entirely from the public print and rumor, I did not feel satisfied to act without the opinion and advice from higher authority. As at present advised I do not think any point west and south of the Savannah River safe, but from the re-enforcement now arriving for the defense of South Carolina I think the point selected on the Charlotte and Columbia Railroad is as safe as any place I could not find. I have been and am still making preparations to complete the new prison. We have been delayed in the completion of the work by the interruption of the communications between this point and Charleston, which has prevented the district attorney from examining the title deeds to the property. That examination is now completed and the purchase made. The work will be pushed forward with all dispatch, and I hope very soon to have in occupied. I shall, agreeable to the indorsement of the Secretary, put myself in communication with the department commander and shall govern myself accordingly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier - General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 4, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 13, 1865.

ADJUTANT - GENERAL:

The removal of the prisoners of war from Columbia and Florence to points of greater safety in North Carolina has been ordered.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

