
he can find apologies for not doing it, is no less remarkable than his expression of a desire to be informed "if there is any impediment to the immediate transfer," which latter, in connection with any attempt to fasten responsibility for delay upon the authorities of the United States, much be presumed to have been written unfairly, with a view to the creation or suggestion of some "impediment."

I have also the honor to forward copies of letters received from the officer detailed under Special Orders, Numbers 61, while in Mobile Bay awaiting the delivery of the cotton, marked and dated as follows; Numbers 1, January 5, 1865; Numbers 2, January 13, 1865; Numbers 3, January 16, 1865.*

The apologies proffered by the authorities at Mobile for their delays and the repeated failures of their promises, when compared with any imputations of delay or neglect made against the authorities of the United States, present the same contrast that facts always do to fiction.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GORDON GRANGER,

Major - General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, January 30, 1865.

Respectfully transmitted to the Headquarters of the Army.

The previous report from these headquarters+ in relation to the transfer of this cotton is fully confirmed by the within detailed statement of Major - General Granger, and shows clearly that the delay is due to the dilatoriness on the part of the rebel authorities at Mobile. General Granger has exhibited a very commendable promptness and an obliging and patient disposition in the execution of his part of the transaction, in direct contrast to that of General Maury. Eight hundred and seven bales are reported to have left Mobile Bay en route for New York on the 16th instant; the balance of the quantity received (170 bales) was sent to this city by schooner for transshipment and will be forwarded by first opportunity. I recommend that the demurrage for the steamer Atlanta for the time her detention was caused by the rebel authorities be charge against the proceeds of this cotton.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major - General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., January 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, U. S. Army, &amp;c.:

SIR: I wish again to notify you that the proper orders have been given for sending to you George Dusky and Lieutenant Gandy, referred to in Mr. Ould's letter of November 29; and, of course, we expect the release of Lieutenant Hoff and Captain Boice, on the part of Mr. Ould. I remark, however, that Dusky has not been recognized as an officer. You will received, also, four men from the penitentiary at Albany who have been under sentence there as spies. These, also, are not officers. I pray you to urge upon Mr. Ould the propriety of releasing immediately all of the parties held prisoners in the South - if not already done - designated to be relieved by the arrangement approved

---------------

* See Nyes to Montgomery, pp. 27 67, 82, ante.

---------------

+ See Canby to Halleck, January 10, p. 51.

