
COLUMBIA, S. C., January 2, 1865.

THOMAS WALKER, Esq.,

President Wilmington and Manchester Railroad, Wilmington, N. C.:

I shall be obliged to remove the prisoners of war from Florence. Please hold the road in readiness to move them either toward Augusta or Wilmington. Inform me what can be done. There are about 10,000 prisoners and the guard.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

I learn from the Quartermaster and Commissary Generals that there are supplies at Fort Monroe and in the James which can be sent to our prisoners in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 299, December 7, 1864, but that no special requisitions had been made for that purpose. It was understood that as soon as you perfected the arrangements with Mr. Ould some one would be designated by yourself or General Butler to deliver supplies to General Hayes or Colonel Weld within the enemy's lines. In order to properly settle the accounts it would be best that the issues should be on special requisitions naming the object. The Secretary of War is anxious that supplies be forwarded as promptly as possible. It is not known here whether any of the officers named in Order 299 have been accepted by the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: In compliance with the instructions of the Secretary of War, to transmit to you all papers in regard to supply of prisoners of war, I inclose herewith certain papers received from General Paine.*

The Secretary of War refused permission to purchase on credit before the arrival of the cotton, on the ground that such a proceeding would give to the rebel Government and agent an acknowledged credit in our markets. The furnishing supplies from friends should be governed by what the rebels do in regard to our prisoners. The transfer of commissioned officers to camps where there are none has been ordered. The release on parole of other officers to assist General Beall is deemed objectionable on account of the facilities it would afford to communicate between the different camps and arrange plans of escape. But if the enemy should allow General Hayes an assistant, probably the Secretary would permit one to General Beall.

Since commencing this letter I learn that General Beall's course of conduct in New York has been so conspicuous and offensive that the Secretary of War has ordered his sign to be taken down. General Paine has also been directed to suspend his parole and take him in custody till the cotton arrives. The selection of General Beall was

---------------

*See Paine to Halleck, December 28, 1864, and inclosures, Vol. VII, this series, p. 1287.

---------------

