
and order by General Grant, upon the officer of Mr. Ould, indorsed upon the application for the exchange of Major Goff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.
HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS, NEW YORK CITY AND HARBOR,New York, January 25, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS, Commissary - General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will be kind enough to inform me which prisons contain no commissioned officers, and that you will forward a statement of the numbers of prisoners now held in the several prisons, and also that you will do me the favor to inform me from time to time of important changes in these numbers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Wheeling, W. Va., January 25, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Upon the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 17, from your office, I immediately telegraphed you that no such men as Lieutenant Gandy and George Dusky were confined in the military prison at this post. Soon afterward, upon inquiry, I learned that Lieutenant Gandy was undergoing sentence of ten years' imprisonment for horse stealing, Wood County (W. Va.) circuit court. George Dusky is held by the civil authorities, under indictment from treason and robbing the mail. Both men are confined in the jail at this city, said jail being used also as a State prison for West Virginia.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES WASHBURN,

Colonel 116th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Military Commander.

RICHMOND, January 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Many communications have lately passed by flag of truce from prisoners on each side who have been captives for a long time. They complain very bitterly that others, more recently captured, some of them belonging to the same command as themselves, have been released, while they still remain in confinement. Some of these letters are from officers and men who have been prisoners since early in 1863. Cannot something be done for the release of these parties? Can we not at least deliver all on both sides who were captured before the 1st of August, 1863? I would much prefer that you would extend the time to a later date. If, however, that cannot be done let us at least relieve those who were captured before that time. I will deliver man for man and officer for officer, according to grade.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

