
that the officers be transferred to the prisons at the rate of one officer for every 2,000 men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier - General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoners and agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

48 BLEECKER STREET, New York, January 26, 1865.

General STEWARD WAN VLIET,

Chief Quartermaster, New York:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your inspection letters of Generals Grant and Halleck and Colonel Ould relating to supplies to prisoners of war.

You will perceive that General Beall's supplies are to be transported by our Quartermaster's Department. General Halleck's instructions require the transportation to be as expeditions as possible, and I send you this communication to notify you that General Beall will in a day or two be ready to commence his shipments, the first to Elmira. I will make in each case the earliest possible requisition for transportation and hope that his stores may be promptly forwarded. Be kind enough to return the inclosures.

I have the honor also to request you to furnish me an office for temporary uses in the transaction of this business.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 26, 1865.

AMOS PILSBURY, Superintendent Penitentiary, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: In pursuance of instructions received from the Secretary of War I am directed by the Commissary - General of Prisoners to request that Johnson S. Palmer, John R. H. Embert, Braxton Lyon, and Samuel B. Hearn, now confined at Albany penitentiary, be sent to Lieutenant Colonel John E. Mulford, agent for exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant - General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 4. Cincinnati, Ohio, January 26, 1865.

Before a general court - martial which convened at Cincinnati, Ohio, January 17, 1865, pursuant to Special Orders, Nos. 212, 250, and 273, series of 1864, from these headquarters, and of which Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Webber, Eighty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is president, was arraigned and tried:

S. B. Davis, alias Willough by Cummings.

CHARGE: Being a spy.

Specification. - It this, that S. B. Davis, alias Willough by Cummings, a rebel enemy of the United States, and being an officer in the service of the so-called Confederate States of America, did, on or about the 1st of January, 1865, secretly and in disguise, enter and come within the lines of the regularly authorized and organized

