
prison camp at Point Lookout in accordance with the plan and estimate submitted by your on the 16th instant. The labor of the prisoners will be used as far as possible, and the strictest economy will be observed. The expenses will be paid from the prison fund.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General of Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 26, 1865.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: In reply to communication forwarded by you on the 4th instant, I have the honor to inform you, by the direction of the Commissary - General of Prisoners, that the erection of three additional hospital buildings at Camp Morton, to be paid for from the prison fund, is approved by the Secretary of War. The proposed wards to be the same dimensions ass those recently built. In the erection of these buildings you will be governed by the instructions from this office in regard to the building of the wards. The labor of the prisoners will be used as far as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BLAGDEN,

Major, Second Mass. Cav., Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., January 26, 1865.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE:

SIR: Your communication of the 12th instant, addressed to the commanding officer U. S. forces, Knoxville, Tenn., has been referred to these headquarters. In this communication you state that during the recent raid under Major - General Stoneman a number of officers and men were captured and paroled to report at Knoxville at a future day and that they were recaptured by the occupation of the Confederate forces, and were released from the operation of the parole given. If any men "not officers of the Confederate Army were paroled to report at Knoxville they were paroled contrary to my orders." Applications were made to permit hospital stewards and other men not commissioned officers to go to Knoxville on parole, but in all cases the applications were refused. The officers were captured with others ass Bristol, principally.

By their own request they were permitted to go by a prescribed route to Knoxville, East Tenn., on parole. It was a privilege granted them in order that they might be enable to procure some means of transportation for themselves and baggage, they having no horses, instead of being compelled to go at once and on foot with the other prisoners, who were sent to Knoxville under a strong guard.

The time allowed them to reach Knoxville was limited, unless they were physically unable to report at its expiration, in which case they were to report as soon as they were able so to do; they were al told explicitly by myself that they were not paroled as a matter of expediency, inasmuch as several hundred prisoners would be sent under guard the next morning to Knoxville (which was done), and they could all be sent together, but that it was to be understood that this was

