
OFFICE ASST, AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., January 27, 1865.

Honorable R. OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I am in daily receipt of official information of the prompt action of the U. S. authorities for the release of that class of prisoners embraced in our receipt arrangement for the release and return home of "all prisoners of war in confinement (close) or irons, as the case may be," and I shall be able to deliver many of them to you on my next trip, as they are now on the way to Fort Monroe for that purpose. I trust your authorities have been no less prompt in this good work, and that by this time our men are at least enjoying the full extent of that liberty usually extended to "prisoners of war." This I know to be the case with your men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant - Colonel and U. S. Assistant Agent for Exchange.

NEW YORK, January 27, 1865.

Brigadier General W. N. BEALL, 75 Murray Street:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I yesterday made application to the War Department for the transfer of commissioned officers as requested in your note. Upon reference to my answer to your letter of 26th ultimo you will remember that your application for leave to receive contributions for prisoners from persons resident in the North has already been twice made to the War Department, and is doubtless finally disposed of in the absence of agreement between General Grant and Mr. Ould covering the case.

The order (299) of December 7, 1864, would seem to justify your claim to received contributions from the South; but the case of contributions from the North is quite different. I will promptly advises you of any arrangement which may be made application to the letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, New York, january 27, 1865.

General H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers, 48 Bleecker Street:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of yesterday I have the honor to state that I will send forward all such stores as you may call on me to transport without delay. I have written to General Peck to turn over to you for your office a room in his building, and have directed one of my agents, Mr. Bull, to have it put in order for your use.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART VAN VLIET,

Brevet Brigadier - General of Volunteers.

P. S. - I return herewith the papers which you sent me in your letter in accordance with your request.

S. V.

