
[Seventh indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

Every effort is being made to supply the necessary funds for the pay of our returned prisoners. The means at the command of the Treasury is extremely limited, and no provision has yet been made by Congress for the replenishment of the Treasury.

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of Treasury.

[Inclosure.]

A.
HEADQUARTERS FLORENCE MILITARY PRISON,Near Florence, S. C., January 26, 1865.

Colonel H. FORNO, Inspector Prisons, South Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the post commissary is issuing the following rations to the prisoners at this prison: One pound of meal, one-third pound of peas, three pounds of salt per 100 rations per day. No soap, tobacco, or meat is issued, except one-half pound of beef per day to me who do duty as laborers on Government work. These rations, are, in my judgment, totally insufficient for the sustenance of the prisoners, and I respectfully urge that, if possible, the rations be increased.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO F. IVERSON,

Lieutenant - Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 2, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

This is an inclosure to an inspection report of Colonel Forno, forwarded by Brigadier - General Winder, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

[JANUARY 27, 1865. - For A. S. Cunningham's report of inspection of prison at Danville, Va., see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 1150.]

48 BLEECKER STREET, New York, January 28, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff U. S. Army:

GENERAL: General Beall has again asked for permission to receive and forward to prisoners of war contributions from friends resident within our lines. I replied that this application has already been twice made at headquarters, and was doubtless finally disposed of in the absence of an agreement between Mr. Ould and General Grant covering the case; that while the General Order 299, of December 7, 1864, would seem to justify a claim to receive contributions from Southern friends, properly forwarded, the case of aid from residents of the North was quite different, but I promised to advice him promptly if any new arrangement should be made applicable to this case.

