
unfortunate, for he seems disposed to make all the trouble he can. His parole will be renewed the moment the cotton reaches New York.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., January 3, 1865.

Judge ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to inclose official copy of General Orders, Numbers 299, from the War Department, of date December 7, 1864.* You will see that it contemplates the paroling of two officers for the purpose of receiving and distributing supplies. I am not aware that any other officer than General Beall has been paroled by the Federal authorities as general agent for the receipt and distribution of supplies to Confederate prisoners in our hands. I will, however, state that should they parole two, I have no doubt that the same number will be paroled on our part. I will be glad to send through the lines supplies of clothing and provisions so soon as notified when and where they will be received.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 3, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, New York City:

GENERAL: Whenever General Beall is ready to make distributions at any prison camp where there are no commissioned officers prisoners, you will give notice in order that three may be sent for that purpose from Johnson's Island. The officers so sent will be kept separate from the other prisoners, and have no communication with them, except in making the distributions under your supervision and that of our officers at such camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW YORK, January 3, 1865.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL:

GENERAL: I inclose copy of telegram just received and will be ready to carry out the instructions therein contained at 2 o'clock p.m. to-morrow if you will be kind enough to meet me at that time at your office, 75 Murray street.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 3, 1865-2.07 p.m.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, New York:

The Secretary of War directs that you will suspend General Beall's parole and place him in Fort Lafayette as a prisoner of war until the

---------------

*See Vol. VII, this series, p. 1198.

---------------

