
I have the honor to request that you will inform me if any such arrangement is effected.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 31, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Grant.

The Secretary of War knows of no agreement authorizing our people to send presents to rebel prisoners of war.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major - General of Chief of Staff.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., February 7, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

No stipulation has been entered into between Judge Ould and myself authorizing contributions to Confederate prisoners of war from friends within our lines, nor would I consent to such an arrangement.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant - General.

NEW YORK, January 28, 1865.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, 75 Murray Street:

GENERAL: Your favor is received. My office is still at 48 Bleecker street, but I shall this evening remove to 37 Bleecker street, nearly opposite General Hunt's headquarters. My office hours are from 11 a. m. until 4 p. m. Be kind enough to give me timely notice of required transportation, so that I may make such arrangements as will save you from any delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, January 28, 1865.

Major H. A. ALLEN, Commanding Fort Warren:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 28, 1865:

Conduct - orderly. Cleanliness - satisfactory. Clothing - in good order. Bedding - in good order. State of quarters - as neat and clean as can be expected. State of mess-house - clean and well conducted. State of kitchen - clean and well conducted. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - the full allowance. Water - good. Sinks - in good order. Police of grounds - once very day. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - no special hospital for prisoners. Attendance of sick - regular. Hospital diet - as ordered by surgeon; good. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WOODMAN,

First Lieutenant, First Batt. Mass. Vol. Arty., and Inspecting Office.

