HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDANT,Louisville, Ky., January 28, 1865.

Captain STEPHEN E. JONES, Additional Aide - de - Camp:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 28, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - good. Bedding - blankets. State of quarters - clean. State of mess-house - clean. State of kitchen - clean. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - prison ration. Water - good. Sinks - clean. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - -. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - In regard to the fire which occurred at the prison on the 27th January, 1865, I am, in common with the committee appointed to investigate the cause and origin of said fire, satisfied from the evidence adduced that it was accidental, and that blame attaches to no one, and would suggest that great credit is due to the officers and soldiers on guard at the time for the great exertions used by them, and which were successful, in saving the remaining buildings of the prison. This report would have been forwarded sooner but for the fact that I have been ill and confined to my room by sickness so as to be unable to attend to business of any kind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS BUCKNER,

Captain and Post Inspection Office.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant - General:

COLONEL: I beg leave to call the attention of the major - general commanding to the inclosed list of rebel officers, prisoners of war confined at Johnson's Island, Ohio, whose exchange is contemplated in existing agreements between Major Szymanski and myself, but who were not forwarded for exchange with other officers lately received here from Johnson's Island. The eight officers whose names occur first upon this list were captured at Donaldsonville, La., in June, 1863, and their exchange was agreed upon by the cartel of January 4, 1864. It is said that they are erroneously entered upon the rolls at Johnson's Island as captured at Port Hudson, La. If so, that fact no doubt accounts for their retention. The remainder of the officers named in the list were captured at various times and places by the forces of Major - General Steelen commanding Department of Arkansas, prior to July 28, 1864, and are therefore embraced in Article II of the cartel of that date. It was undoubtedly the intention of the Commissary - General of Prisoners that all the officers included in this category should be send when most of them were sent; but those named in this list have been retained at Johnson's Island by reason of some mistake in their description upon the rolls or some misunderstanding of their cases. I have to ask that this list be forwarded to the Commissary - General of Prisoners, wit the request that the officers named in it may be forwarded to us for exchange, as contemplated in the agreements above referred to.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange.

