
[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, January 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

These officers are included in the provisions of an exchange made by me and subsequently approved by the Secretary of War. General Hoffman reported that the officers of the Donaldsonville capture had made their escape, but letters have recently been received from some of them who are still in confinement at Johnson's Island. I now forward this list,* with the request that such of them as may

still be under our control may be sent to me.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major - General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 13, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to General Hoffman, with instructions to give full effect to the agreements for exchange referred to by General Canby and to report his action to General Canby.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major - General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, January 29, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Commanding Fort Lafayette:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war confined at this station for the week ending January 29, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - generally very good. Clothing - good. Bedding - iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillows. State of quarters - very good. State of mess-house cleanly. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - circular of June 1, 1864, complied with. Water - excellent (Croton). Sinks - cleanly. Police of grounds - excellent. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - no hospital at post; prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton. Attendance of sick - Hospital Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning. Hospital diet - none at post. General health of prisoners - very good. Vigilance of guard - guards vigilant; prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions. - There are fifty-five prisoners at this post, consisting of prisoners of war and state. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent. Everything allowed by existing orders is furnished to them, and a good degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellent of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES STEELHAMMER,

First Lieutenant, Seventeenth U. S. Infty., Post Adjt. and Insp. Office.

---------------

* Place, date of capture, and by whom captured omitted. The officers are - Majors D. W. Shannon and A. Ridley; Captains H. H. Hall. Thomas Bartlett, H. G. Bruce, H. M. Ellis, James McKill, and F. P Steck; Lieutenants J. A. Shepard, J. M. Elkins, J. A. Darby, A. M. Lyles, W. H. Mitchell, Edward Bisart, P. H. Pruett, E. M. Heath, and J. M. Wright; Assistant Quartermaster C. L. Moore.

---------------

