
[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received, is strictly carried out and adhered to.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary - General of Prisoners.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant - Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL.,January 29, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 28, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - proper attention given to. Clothing - some are too thinly clad for such exceedingly cold weather. Bedding - consists of bunks and blankets (see remarks). State of quarters - clean and comfortable. State of mess-house - kept in an excellent condition. State of kitchen - perfectly clean and well conducted. Food, quality of - very good. Food, quantity of - sufficient. Water - plenty of good water. Sinks - being improved. Police of grounds - kept as clean as possible. Drainage - very good. Police of hospital - very well conducted. Attendance of sick - receive excellent care. Hospital diet - very good and sufficient. General health of prisoners - about 8 1/2 per cent sick, eleven deaths during the week. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - Many of the prisoners apply for permission to purchase bedsacks. I have the honor to inquire whether their application can be granted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant - General and Insp. Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, January 29, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

128th Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 29, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - comfortable. Bedding - fair. State of quarters - fair. State of mess-house - good. State of kitchen - fair. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - prisoners' ration. Water - good, lake. Sinks - fair. Police of grounds - not good on account of snow and ice. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - very good. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - good and abundant. General health of prisoners - very good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - Whole number of prisoners, 3,019; number of deaths since last report, 1; number of sick in hospital, 52.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

