HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 29, 1865.

Brigadier General D. ULLMANN, Commanding at Morganza:

GENERAL: By direction of the major - general commanding you will please forward a copy of the following communication by flag of truce to an outpost of the enemy:

Major IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Agent of Exchange, Trans - Mississippi Department:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that prisoners of war, embraced in our existing agreements for exchange to the number of 2 officers and 275 enlisted men, in addition to those delivered by me at Fort Russy on Monday last, have arrived at this place from Northern stations for exchange. They are equivalent to 303 privates, which, together with the equivalents of those delivered at Fort Russy on the 23rd instant, makes an aggregate equivalent to 1,099 privates. A large number of enlisted men and some officers are still to arrive from other Northern stations; but I cannot now give either their number or the date upon which they may be expected. I trust, however, you will not delay the delivery of equivalents for those already delivered and those mentioned above who are now ready for delivery.

I have had the honor to inform you in previous communications that Admiral Buchanan will be exchanged with his comrades, and I therefore hope that our naval prisoners will be included in the first delivery made by you.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange.

Respectfully,

CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, January 30, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In August last an expedition from the U. S. Saratoga captured in McIntosh County, Ga., twenty-five or thirty persons who were engaged in a county meeting called for the purpose of organizing a home guard or to adopt measures for more effective defense. Some of these held prominent civil officers. They claimed to be non-combatants, but in view of the circumstances under which they were captured it was deemed advisable to treat them as prisoners of war. Rear Admiral Dahlgren was authorized subsequently to offer them in exchange for sick and wounded seamen whose terms of service had expired. He did so and informed the Department that General Hardee accepts the proposition, the exchange to embrace three colored seamen of the U. S. S. Isaac Smith, who were captured two years ago. It would appear that these prisoners have been sent North to some military post for confinement, as Rear Admiral Dahlgren asks that they may be returned to him for the purpose above indicated. The matter of exchange having been conducted by the War Department, this Department refers this case to it and would recommend favorable action on it. The persons captured in McIntosh County, with but few exceptions, are over the usual age for regular military duty.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, January 31, 1865.

Referred to the Commissary - General of Prisoners to comply with the request of the Secretary of the Navy.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

