
arrival of cotton from Mobile, when his parole will be renewed and he will enter upon the business as agreed upon between General Grant and Mr. Ould. You will remain in New York and await the arrival of the cotton.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., January 3, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that Admiral Buchanan is held subject to exchange like other prisoners of war,and he desires this to be made known to the rebel authorities west of the Mississippi River in order that a misapprehension on the subject may be corrected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commissioner of Exchange.

P. S.-I presume, general, that the object of this notice is to remove an objection which it is said has stood in the way of the exchange of some naval prisoners (Union) held in Texas. You can act, therefore, in the case as if this information had been communicated prior to the interruption of exchanges.

E. A. H.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 3, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mid. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the necessary orders have been issued from this office for the forwarding to you for exchange of the prisoners captured at Helena, Ark., July 4, 1863; those captured by the forces of Major-General Steele in the Department of Arkansas prior to July 28, 1864, and the officers (if any in our possession) who were captured at Fort Butler, Donaldsonville, La., in June, 1863, and inclose herewith for your information copies* of orders from this office in relation to the same.

Those prisoners who were captured in Arkansas and who are now confined at Little Rock, Ark., being within your command, can be transferred on your order.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., January 3, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the communication addressed by you to Honorable C. M. Harris, Member of Congress,

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 49, December 30, 1864, Vol. VII, this series, p.1298.

---------------

