
country had he not been interfered with by orders from higher authority.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major- General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

[JANUARY 30, 1865.- For Augur to Halleck, in regard to status of prisoners of war released on taking amnesty oath, and indorsements thereon, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 308.]

WASHINGTON, January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, 48 Bleecker Street, New york:

How soon will the clothing to be bought with the rebel cotton be forwarded to the prison camps by General Beall!

H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary- General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C .:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the three following- named naval prisoners of war who were captured on the steamer Florida were this day released upon their signing a parole of honor to leave the United States within ten days after date of release, which are herewith transmitted, viz, T. J. Charlton, surgeon; W. S. Thompson, chief engineer; and James Cotter, cabin boy, in pursuance of instructions received from the Honorable Secretary of the Navy, copy of which was forwarded to the office of the commissary- General of Prisoners on the 26th instant. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. ALLEN,

Major, Second U. S. Artillery, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON, ATHENAEUM,Wheeling, W. Va., January 30, 1865.

Colonel JAMES WASHBURN,

Military Commander of Wheeling, W Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 28, 1865:

Conduct- good, Cleanliness- good. Clothing- middling. Bedding- god. State of quarters- fine. State of mess- houses- good. State of kitchen- good. Food, quality of- good. Food, quantity of- prescribed ration. Water- good. Sinks- good. police of grounds- good. Drainage- bad. Police of hospital- very good. Attendance of sick- very good. Hospital diet- good. General health of prisoners- good. Vigilance of guard- strict.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN FREY

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Prison, and Inspecting Officer.

---------------

*See also Hitchcock to Stanton, February 1, p. 162.

---------------

