
OFFICE PROVOST- MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

Rock Island Barracks, Ill., January 30, 1865.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 30, 1865:

Conduct- very good. Cleanliness- good. Clothing- good. Bedding- none. State of quarters- very good. State of mess- houses- no mess - houses. State of kitchen- very good. Food, quality of- good. Food, quantity of- as per circular from Commissary- General of Prisoners. Water- good. Sinks-0 not good. Police of grounds- very good. Drainage- good. Police of hospital- very good. Attendance of sick-very good. Hospital diet- very good. General health of prisoners- good. Vigilance of guard- good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant- Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps

and Provost- Marshal of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

After a personal inspection the within report is concurred in.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary- General of Prisoners.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Rock Island, ill., January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General A. B. EATON,

Commissary- General of Subsistence, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: Permit me to ask your attention to General Orders, Numbers 1, January 13, 1865, from the office of the Commissary- General of Prisoners (just received f rom your office), and to inquire if the sentence in paragraph 5, following the "___," is to be interpreted as it there reads, or whether its true meaning is not such as it would be if the words "to soldiers" were inserted after the word "issued," and the word "used" stricken out and the words "issued to prisoners" substituted therefor. It would then read:

The difference between the ration allowed to be issued to soldiers and that actually issued to prisoners constitutes the savings from which is formed the prison fund.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

R. C. RUTHERFORD,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

February 6, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General W. Hoffman, Commissary- General of Prisoners, to give the desired information, and the writer so advised.

A. B. EATON,

Commissary- General of Subsistence.

