
The first charge (cruelty) can only be repelled by evidence rebutting such particular charge, and his Government and friends in the United States, being ignorant of the specifications, cannot assist him.

With regard, however, of the charge of parole violation, Colonel Hanson makes the following statement, and desires General Burbridge, General Boyle, and such other officials as are acquainted with the truth of his allegations to prepare a statement of facts, and send it, if possible, to the Confederate authorities.

The alleged violation of parole occurred at Lebanon, Ky., in the summer of 1863. Colonel H. was captured, with his regiment, at that place and paroled by General John H. Morgan. He states that he was immediately ordered to report for duty as provost- marshal at Louisville; that he objected on account of the parole he had given; that his objection was overruled and his protest disregarded; that he was finally compelled to obey the orders of his Government or submit to courtmartial and arrest. General Hartsuff is acquainted with the facts recited and his statement is requested.

Colonel H. says that General Burnside told him he had made some special arrangement in his case, and ridiculed the idea of his parole being binding upon him. He further states that General Boyle told him that the Confederate Government pursued the same course toward the prisoners captured and paroled by them that the united States Government proposed to adopt toward him (Colonel Hanson), and that upon that representation he waived his objections and reported for duty.

Any facts tending to show that Colonel Hanson objected strenuously to the disregarding of his parole and that he was compelled finally to that course will have a favorable effect if embodied in a statement indorsed by such Federal officers as were Colonel H.'s superior officers, and cognizant of the circumstances as they occurred.

Colonel H. thinks Generals Burbridge, Boyle, Hartsuff, and Burnside might each make statements which, if sent to the Confederate Government through the proper channels, would greatly benefit hi.

Will Mr. Prentice endeavor to secure the preparation and transmission of these statements of the Federal generals to the Confederate Secretary of War and do what he can to assist Colonel H. in securing the representations of his friends, as the Confederate States Government has now only the evidence of his enemies before it!

CHARLES W. HELM,

Major, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., January 24, 1865.

I certify on honor that during the summer of 1863 at the time Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Hanson, commanding Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, U. S. Army, was captured with his regiment at Lebanon, Ky., and paroled by General John H. Morgan, C. S. Army, I was in command of the District of Kentucky, in which Lebanon is situated; that Lieutenant- Colonel Hanson was under my command; that a few days after his capture Lieutenant- Colonel Hanson was ordered on active duty by Major-General Burnside, commanding Department of the Ohio, which included the District of Kentucky; that Lieutenant Colonel Hanson protested against this order as affecting both himself and his regiment; that he was ordered by major-General Burnside to Camp Nelson, Ky., where he went without arms; that on my application he was ordered with his regiment from Camp Nelson to this city, where he was returned to garrison duty notwithstanding his protest ; that

