
after he was notified of his exchange he accepted the colonelcy of the Thirty- Seventh Kentucky Volunteer Infantry and went into the field in command of his regiment.

While under my command Colonel Hanson was not in position where he had any charge of prisoners of wa, and whenever he has been brought in contact with them I believe he has exhibited more than ordinary humanity and consideration, and the above I believe to be the true facts in the case.

J. T. BOYLE,

Formerly Brigadier-General of Volunteers, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, January 31, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, New Orleans:

The Secretary of War approves the suggestion contained in your letter of the 17th instant on the subject of exchanges.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

[JANUARY 31, 1865.- For Special Orders, Numbers 49, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relieving Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, U. S. Volunteers, from duty as Commissary- General of Prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 314.]

MILITARY PRISON, Louisville. January 31, 1865.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

SIR: We have the honor to respectfully state that, having been left on the retreat of the Confederate army from Tennessee, at Franklin, to take are of the wounded who absolutely required our assistance, with the firm expectation of not being held as prisoners of war, supposing both Governments were acting in conformity with the cartel,viz, to consider surgeons as non- combatants, but find with unspeakable regret, for the sake of humanity and particularly for the welfare of the brave and gallant soldiers composing both armies in the future, that we are now none the less prisoners of war than those who shoulder muskets and wield the sword. We do therefore most respectfully and sincerely ask, since it is our duty and desire to heal rather than inflict wounds, that we be immediately forwarded to Confederate lines for deliver, or if it suit not the convenience of your Government at this time to remove us, beg that we may be granted a parole of honor until such time may arrive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

OSCAR C. BROTHERS,

Surgeon, C. S. Army.

J. H. TRIPPE,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S .

P. F . FITZGERALD,

Assistant Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

B. TEMPLE,

Assistant Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

G. W. TRIBBLE,

Assistant Surgeon, provisional Army, C. S.

