HEADQUARTERS FORT COLUMBUS,New York Harbor, January 31, 1865.

Colonel J. V. BOFORD, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending 31st of January, 1865:

Conduct- good. Cleanliness- good. Clothing- tolerable. Bedding- scanty. State of quarters- good. State of mess- houses- good. State of kitchen- good. Food, quality of- good. Food, quantity of- according to existing regulations. Water- good. Sinks- good. Police of grounds- good. Drainage - none required. Police of hospital- good. Attendance of sick- good. Hospital diet- as required; same as other patients in hospital. General health of prisoners- good. Vigilance of guard- good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. TALLMAN,

Second Lieutenant, Twentieth Battery, Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, January 31, 1865.

Brigadier General P. D . RODDEY,

Commanding Confederate Forces, District of Northern Alabama:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the proposition for exchange has been accepted by the provost- marshal- general, as will be seen by the accompanying telegram. Will you please give the information asked for in the telegram at your earliest convenience; also the number of prisoners that you have for exchange, and when you will be prepared to make the transfer!

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Brigadier-General GRANGER:

You will report to Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, provost- Marshal- General [Commissary- General of Prisoners] U. S. Armies, Washington, D. C., the organization forming Roddey['s command, if you know them, so that he can send you the prisoners belonging to his command go exchange for those of ours that Roddey now holds.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., January 31, 1865.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of W. Miss., New Orleans, La.;

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I succeeded to- day, through Colonel Chrysler, Second New york Veteran Cavalry, in delivering your dispatch for Major Szymanski, agent of exchange, C. S. Army, to Captain Ratliff, a Confederate officer, and taking receipt for the same.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

