
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, February 1, 1865.

Governor BOREMAN, Washington City, February 1, 1865.

Governor BOREMAN, Wheeling, W. V.a.:

No objection is made by this Department to the friends of our prisoners sending them Confederate paper or anything else. Whatever is sent to the exchange agent is transmitted to the prisoner to whom it is addressed.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, February 1, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of letter* received from the Honorable Secretary of the Navy authorizing the release of the officers and seamen of the steamer Florida upon the express condition that they leave the United States within ten days after being liberated. In pursuance thereof the remainder of the officers and seamen of said steamer was this day released, the roll of which is herewith transmitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. ALLEN,

Major, Second U. S. Artillery, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savannah, Ga., February 1, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the South:

My medical director yesterday inspected the condition of the rebel prisoners confined at Fort Pulaski, and represents that they are in a condition of great suffering and exhaustion for the want of sufficient food and clothing; also that they have the scurvy to a considerable extent. He recommends, as a necessary sanitary measure, that they be at once put on full prison rations, and also that they be allowed to receive necessary articles of clothing from their friends. I would respectfully indorse the surgeon's recommendations and ask authority to take such steps as may be necessary to relieve actual sickness and suffering.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Eastport, February 1, 1865.

General J. B. HOOD, C. S. Army,

Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: On the evening of the 1st November, 1864, while the U. S. forces under the command of Major-General Howard, known as the Army and Department of the Tennessee, were near Powder Springs, Ga., three enlisted men belonging to that command were captured by a band of guerrillas commanded by a captain, and two of them brutally

---------------

*See Welles to Allen, January 17, p. 83.

---------------

