
murdered in cold blood by those guerrillas, and the other one shot at twice and was wounded each time, but succeeded in making his escape, and has made sworn statements as to the manner of death of his comrades, with the additional statement that the rebel captain informed him that he would kill all Federal prisoners captured by his command. The names of the men who were captured are as follows: Corpsl. Charles E. Ellis, Privates George Ford and Joseph Phillips. The corporal was killed instantly; the other two were taken ten miles in the country and then were shot at by a party of these guerrillas. At the first volley Private Ford was murdered,a nd while Phillips was wounded another volley was fired which again wounded Private Phillips, who then ran and jumped down a bank into a stream of water, where he concealed himself until the guerrillas left and then came into our lines. This statement is forwarded by Brigadier-General Woods, commanding a division in Major-General Howard's army, with the recommendation that Private Milton Dotson, of Ferguson's command (Perrins' regiment), be either shot or hung in retaliation for one of the murdered Union soldiers, which recommendation met the approval of Major-General howard in these words:

Private Dotson has been sent as a prisoner of war to Chattanooga. i would respectfully recommend that he be shot in retaliation for the cold- blooded murder of Private George Ford, Company G, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, herein described, and that action be published so as to come to the notice of parties interested.

I have the honor to inform you that the prisoner Dotson is now under guard at Louisville, Ky. The papers in this case have been returned go General Howard with the information that the prisoner is held subject to his disposal, and will be sent to him on his application.

[Indorsement.]

This letter was originally intended for General Hood, but as there was at the date of this letter no other business requiring a flag of truce to be sent up, it has been retained until the present time, and is now sent (February 18, 1865, the letter being entered according to date) to Major-General Forrest, as the successor in command to General Hood. This by direction of Major-General Thomas.

WM. D WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,INSPECTOR- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Chattanooga, February 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. VON SCHRADER,

Assistant Inspector-General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: In obedience to your order I make the following report of an inspection of the prisons of this post:

The military prison (Department of the Cumberland) under charge of Captain Wiggins, Ninth Michigan, is in very good condition, and improvements have been made lately that will make it quite comfortable, at least more so than it has been during the past winter. Everything is kept clean, and the regulations, both sanitary and for discipline, are good.

The prison (District of the Etowah) under charge of Captain Wassem, Thirty- second Indiana, is quite dirty and therefore very uncomfortable. Captain Wassem accounts for this by saying that it has been impossible

