
RICHMOND, VA., February 1, 1865.

ADJUTANT- GENERAL ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival in this city from Danville on Thursday, the 26th ultimo. Upon the following day I received official information from Mr. Ould, agent of exchange, of my appointment as agent to receive and distribute supplies for Union prisoners. Yesterday the supplies, consisting of 650 private packages and 50 bales of blankets, were transferred to me. I have been paroled to attend to this business, together with Lieutenant L. Markbreit, Twenty- eighth Ohio Volunteers, who will assist me. A suitable warehouse has been provided for storing the supplies,and I am assured by mr. ould that every facility for their transportation will be provided. I have this day issued 250 blankets to the Federal prisoners in this city, and shall in a day or two, as soon as transportation can be obtained, send the balance to the prisoners at Danville and Salisbury, who are in more pressing need. I have nominated three officers at each of those prisons to receive and distribute these supplies. A traveling agent will accompany them upon the road to insure their safe delivery. In addition to the blankets I think there are needed at least 2,000 complete suits of clothing (exclusive of overcoats, which are unnecessary) to clothe our men that are absolutely naked, or nearly so. i would recommend that they be sent. I find myself in need of funds to defray the public expenses incident to my present position, and therefore would request that $10,000 in Confederate funds be sent me by next flag of truce.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HAYES,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

CITY POINT, VA., February 6, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War for his information. no action is required on any of the requisitions, as they can all be attended to from here, and in the greater part have already been filled.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, February 1, 1865.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR; I beg leave to call your attention to the condition for the Federal prisoners of war at Salisbury, N. C. Accounts reach me of the most distressing character in regard to their suffering and destitution. I earnestly request you to have the matter inquired into, and if in our power to relieve them that it be done. If they are willfully left to suffer when we can avoid it, it would be not only a blot upon our humanity, but would lay us open to a severe retaliation. I know how straitened our means are, however, and will cast no blame upon any one without further information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 7, 1865.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY:

I think the subject of this letter deserves immediate attention, and that an officer should be sent at once to investigate the condition of

