
are very filthy, the whole having been used as a common sink. We would respectfully ask that we may be granted a parole and be assigned to certain limits outside of the stockade. We have at times been allowed the privilege of a parole, which privilege we have in no respect violated. For the truth of which we would refer to the annexed statement of Captain W. R. C. Lyons, commanding Twenty- fifth Louisiana Volunteers.

JOHN T. HESSER,

Captain, Sixty- first Illinois Infantry, Prisoner of War.

DAVID D. NEGLEY,

Captain Company C, 124th Indiana Volunteers.

I certify that the above officers have been under my charge since leaving Columbia, Tenn. That they have been allowed many liberties and have had frequent opportunities to escape, but have so far always preserved their promise inviolate.

W. R. C. LYONS,

Captain, Commanding Twenty- fifth Louisiana Infantry.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY POST,Meridian, Miss., February 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, with the request that the parole of the officers, sixteen in number, be accepted,a nd that they be given the privilege of certain limits within the post. Requisition has been made upon Captain Pennington, post quartermaster,f or such articles as are absolutely required for policing the prison grounds,a nd he is unable to fill it at this time.

In absence of Captain J. H. Trezevant:

JNO M. MOREY,

Post Adjutant.

[Second indorsement]
HDQRS. DIST. OF MIDDLE AND EAST MISSISSIPPI,Meridian, February 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for, and in absence of, Colonel W. R. Miles.

J. M. KERNEY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, February 3, 1865.

Cannot such dispositions be made as will place these officers in confinement with prisoners from the Federal Army alone!

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY POST,Meridian, Miss., February 3, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

The provisions of the cartel,if I mistake not, require that the officers be confined apart from the men,if possible. We have now about 700

