
belonging to prisoners on which he has advanced them money, and wishes to know what is to be done with it. I have written him that the Quartermaster- General buys them at five for one, and that you were the authorized agent of the Quartermaster-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WINDER.

SHREVEPORT, LA., February 2, 1865.

Colonel IG. SZYMANSKI,

Commissioner for Exchange, Department of Trans- Mississippi:

COLONEL: I wish to call your attention to the fact that when a Confederate officer dies in a Federal prison possessed of money, neither his friends nor heirs are allowed to use or derive any benefit from it, but the amount of which he died possessed is said to be forwarded to Washington, D. C., to be placed to the credit of a prison fund. What that fund is to be appropriated for I am unable to say.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. C. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Bell's Regiment Arkansas Infantry.

WASHINGTON, February 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Rebel prisoners of war belonging to regiments from missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, and Louisiana and disabled prisoners are distributed through all the prison stations. Shall I collect them together at point Lookout preparatory to their being forwarded for exchange! It will be attended with some delay; some deliveries must first be made from there to make room for them.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners.

CITY POINT, VA., February 3, 1865.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary- General of Prisoners:

The prisoners designated in your dispatch may be collected at Point Lookout as far as there is room for them. In the meantime exchanges will be made from those prisoners convenient to reach.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.

NEW YORK, February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, U. S. Volunteers, present:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that since commencing business considerable inconvenience has been experienced on account of my having no sign to mark my place of business. On yesterday morning a business letter of importance was left undelivered to me till late at night, the party having charge of it being unable to find my place of business. I have a sign- the one I used before, and of which some remarks were made in the newspapers; it reads, "Office Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, Confederate agent to supply prisoners of war;" is painted on a sheet of tin fifteen and one- half inches in height and twenty inches long; was placed inside of my glass window in the front door. Is there any objection to putting this sign up! If so, please tell me how it can

