
their rags, as our poor men in the hands of the rebel authorities are obliged to do; or, in other words, had I the power,strict retaliation would be practiced by me. Again, if discretionary power rested with me, I would arrest and confine the known sympathizers with the rebellion residing in Rock Island and Davenport, and quite a large number would be quickly added to our list of prisoners, and those communities would be relieved from a more dangerous element than open rebels in arms.

You will oblige me by publishing this communication entire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS WEST'S BUILDINGS HOSPITAL,Baltimore, Md., January 30, 1865*.

Surg. A. CHAPEL, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Hospital:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 28, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-sufficient. Bedding-good. State of quarters-good. State of mess-houses-good. State of kitchen-good. Food, quality of-excellent. Food, quantity of-sufficient. Water-good. Sinks-good. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-good. Attendance of sick-excellent. Hospital diet-good. General health of prisoners-good as could be expected from the nature of their wounds and diseases. Vigilance of guard-good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORATIO ROBERTS,

Second Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISON,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 3, 1865.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 2, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-improving. Clothing-sufficient, with a few exceptions. Bedding-good enough. State of quarters-clean. State of mess-houses-clean. State of kitchen-clean. Food, quality of-according to regulations. Food, quantity of-sufficient. Water-plenty. Sinks-the same as last reported. Police of grounds- satisfactory. Drainage-sufficient, when it don't freeze. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-same. Hospital diet-according to regulation. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-generally satisfactory.

Remarks and suggestions.-I had the honor of accompanying the major-general commanding the department through our prisons to-day. the general had a careful inspection and was made acquainted with all the suggestions and propositions made from this office in reference to the necessity and propriety of a change of location and other reforms

---------------

*Inadvertently inserted out of chronological order.

---------------

