
expend for their relief the sum $500. Will you therefore be so kind as to inform me whether the records of your office furnish the names of such prisoners and their places of confinement! If so, I will be pleased to receive such suggestions as your large familiarity with the subject will enable you to give in regard to the best means of expending the sum in question.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. RAMSEY.

SURGEON- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, D. C., February 4, 1865.

[COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS:]

SIR: The following extracts are from reports of inspection at Elmira, N. Y., by Medical Inspector G. H. Lyman, U. S . Army:

PRISON CAMP, Elmira, January 24, 1865.

The hospital accommodation is still insufficient. Some 200 are still kept in quarters who should be in hospital. To diminish the sickness and mortality I would recommend; First. That additional wards be constructed and that provision be made for hot water bathing of the sick. It is impracticable to give this thoroughly in the wards, and it is very much needed. Second. That hospital clothing be allowed, which would afford an opportunity for cleansing the woolen and underclothing of the patients. Third. That all the old barracks be provided with additional windows. In the winter season the men confine themselves to the wards as much as possible for warmth, and the closing of the doors and windows renders these barracks too dark. Fourth. That more cubic and superficial space be afforded by the erection of additional barracks. The type of the disease is that which would result from overcrowding. There is no acute disease, everything assumes a typhoid type.

A steam washing machine is needed for the hospital and can well be afforded from the prison fund if authorized.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MADISON MILLS,

Medical Inspector- General, U. S . Army.

RICHMOND, February 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I beg leave to call your special attention to the case of Lieutenant S. B. Davis, who it appears is being tried before a court- martial, of which Lieutenant-Colonel Webber is president, sitting in Cincinnati. He is charged with being a spy. Lieutenant Davis is an officer of the Confederate Army and was acting in obedience to orders. In no sense of the term was he a spy. Will you please inform me what has been done in his case, and convey to the Federal authorities the assurance that he is not a spy, and that proof will be furnished to that effect.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, February 4, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Columbia, S. C.:

General Beauregard advises that the prisoners at Florence shall be removed to Southwest Georgia. While the Department is inclined to adopt his views they are submitted to your judgment.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

