
CITY POINT, VA., February 5, 1865- 11.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Will you please say to the President that Lieutenant Markbreit has been released from prison and is now on his way North. Arrangements for exchange of all prisoners of war are now complete and exchanges will go on rapidly. All but two of those who were in close confinement in Richmond are now on the steamer new York. I am also in receipt of communication from General Hayes, acknowledging receipt of supplies of clothing for our prisoners and the completion of arrangements for transportation and distribution.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., February 5, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 4th instant, directing the preparation of rolls of 3,000 prisoners of war, was duly received and preparations commenced at once. Permit me to call your attention thus early to the route by which these men are to be forwarded. The northern Central Railroad to Baltimore is,a s I am informed, so pressed with the transportation of recruits and substitutes between Harrisburg and Baltimore that it is with great difficulty that we can get transportation for the few recruits we are now forwarding by this line. The detachment of prisoners that was sent from here last fall were forty hours in reaching Baltimore, a run which should have been made in fifteen hours. To keep sick men upon the road at this season of the year in cars without seats and without water- closets or any of the conveniences usually provided fort he transportation of passengers will result in much suffering. It will cost no more to transport these men to new York than to Baltimore, while the Erie Railroad has a large number of second- class passenger cars and can move a detachment of 500 men on a few hours' notice and land them in New york within twelve to fifteen hours from starting. Besides, much weaker men can be transported via New York than by the Northern Central Railroad. Unless facilities for water transportation from Baltimore are greatly superior to those from New York it is very desirable that they be forwarded via New York City.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, February 5, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 5, 1865:

Conduct- good. Cleanliness- good. Clothing- good. Bedding- comfortable. State of quarters- clean except two blocks, fair State of mess- houses- clean. State of kitchen- clean. Food, quality of- good. Food, quantity of- full prisoners' ration. Water- good.

