
Sinks- fair. Police of grounds- good as weather will admit of. Drainage- good. Police of hospital- good. Attendance of sick- good. Hospital diet- good and abundant. General health of prisoners- very good. Vigilance of guard- good.

Remarks and suggestions.- Whole number of prisoners, 3,014; number of sick in hospital, 55; number of deaths since last report, none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

On the 3rd of February, 1865, Major H. Eversman,surgeon, U. S . Volunteers, chief medical officer; Major Linnell, assistant superintendent of prison, and Captain Collins, Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, were detailed under Special Orders, Numbers 34, paragraph 5, current series, these headquarters, herewith inclosed. Their report is not made but will be forwarded as soon as received.

Awaiting such facts as they may present and such expressions as their report may call for, this report is respectfully referred to the Commissary- General of Prisoners.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel 128th Ohio Volunteers Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S . FORCES,Numbers 34. JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,

Johnson's Island, Ohio, February 3, 1865.

* * * *

5. A board of officers will convene at these headquarters at 10 a.m., February 4, 1865, to make a minute and thorough inspection of grounds and buildings used for the military prison at this post, and will make a report in writing to the colonel commanding on the following points, to wit: First, general condition of the grounds, specifying any particular defects in policing that may exist and the causes, duration, how soon and by what means they can be remedied; second, condition of barracks, mess- hall, kitchen, and sink; third, the arrangement of each block, showing how far the prison regulations are complied with or departed from particularly as relating to the use of cooking-0 stoves in the quarters, with the number of stoves so used; fourth, suggestions as to the measures which would tend to improve the sanitary condition of the prison, so far as the same is dependent on policing, drainage,a nd arrangement of sinks. Lieutenant-Colonel Scovill, superintendent of the prison,will afford every facility tot he board to enable them to make a thorough inspection;. Detail for the board: Major H. Eversman, chief medical officer; Major T. H. Linnerell, assistant superintendent prison; Captain A. D. Collins, Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

By command of Colonel Charles W. Hill:

J. F. HUNTINGTON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 5, 1865.- For correspondence, &amp;c., relating to the capture and imprisonment of Harry W. Gilmor, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Parts I and II.]

