
when our ammunition became exhausted, and the rebels commenced burning the town,a nd my men wearied, quite a number wounded,and despairing of receiving re- enforcements, I deemed it wise to give up. 'This regarded as a good fight on my part.

CHARLES S. HANSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Other conversation took place by telegraph in reference to his parole and the direction taken by the enemy, in which Colonel Hanson stated that he did not think it proper to give such information,as he had taken his parole. The conversation resulted in the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF OHIO, Cincinnati, July 5, 1863.

Colonel HANSON, Lebanon, Ky.:

You need not under the circumstances give information as to the route the enemy took. You violated a positive order in accepting a parole on the spot. You should have gone with the enemy and have been sent to City Point. A positive order from the War Department declares such paroles void. You will report yourself without delay to General Boyle at Louisville under arrest.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major- General.

For several days after this I was so much occupied in directing the movements of troops then in pursuit of General Morgan that I had no time to investigate Colonel Hanson's case. As soon as I did find time to look into it I became convinced that Colonel Hanson had made a good fight and that he did not know of the existence of the order in reference to paroles and I therefore directed his release from arrest. i then requested from Washington instructions as to the validity of the paroles given by his command and received the following reply:

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

All paroles taken prior to 22nd of May, if properly authenticated, will be recognized for exchange. After that date they are invalid unless in conformity with Article 7 of the cartel.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners.

Although this decision rendered their parole void, I was reluctant to send the regiment to the front. on the 25th of July I received from General Hartsuff the following:

LEXINGTON, KY., July 25, 1863- 6 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

Section 7 of the existing cartel for exchange of prisoners, the decision of the Commissary- General of Prisoners, and that of a court in the case of Duane and Michler, recently captured in Maryland, all show conclusively that the paroles of the Twentieth Kentucky are void. i think they should immediately be declared so, the enemy notified, and the regiment armed and put to duty.* * *

G. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

I then directed that the regiment should be armed, and took occasion subsequently in an order to commend their gallantry in the fight at Lebanon, as was requested in the following dispatch, which will also show that Colonel Hanson resisted in every way possible, without being insubordinate, the order directing him to take up arms again:

LEXINGTON, KY., July 28, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

* * * I notified you that I had directed the arming of the Twentieth Kentucky and its return to duty. There is a good dela of feeling about it. Will you immediately issue the order declaring their paroles to be null and void, with reasons, and a tribute to the gallantry of the regiment! It is needed. I am convincing Colonel Hanson of the justice and necessity of the order.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

