
On the 30th of July I sent the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, July 30, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky:

I cannot make up my mind,under the circumstances, to send Colonel Hanson to the field for active operations.* * *

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

Colonel Hanson was afterward ordered to Louisville with his regiment, to act as provost guard. it is clear to me that he did nothing in this matter that was not characteristic of a high- toned subordinate and gallant officer. As to his treatment of prisoners, I can only say that I know of no case in which he ever maltreated any civil or military prisoners. General Boyle is better informed on that subject than I am. All arrests made by him in Kentucky were in strict accordance with orders from my headquarters.

Colonel Hanson is undoubtedly correct in the substance of his statement as to the assurances given by me that his parole was not binding. He no doubt received from me the impression that some special arrangement had been made in his case, as I probably told him that a large number of Confederate prisoners captured by Colonel Sanders during his raid into East Tennessee in June were not considered as legally paroled, and that I had notified,or should notify, the commander of the enemy's forces of the invalidity of their paroles, as well as those of his (Colonel Hanson's) command.

Not far from the same time that Colonel Hanson was captured, Lieutenant Colonel R. A. Alston, of General Morgan's staff, was captured by our forces and paroled. I at once directed that the parole was not valid and had Colonel Alston placed under guard. After the capture of General Morgan and his command I directed that the privates should be sent to Camp Chase and Douglas and the officers to Johnson's Island. After the train had started with the officers for the latter place I received from General Halleck the following:

WASHINGTON, July 28, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:

You will receive instructions from the Commissary- General of Prisoners of War in regard to Morgan's men. The officers are to be kept in close confinement in Columbus or other penitentiaries as hostages for Colonel Straight's officers and men.

H. W. HALLECK,

General- in- Chief.

In the execution of this order Colonel Alson was placed in the penitentiary with the other officers. Upon hearing of this from Colonel Alston I sent to General Mason, then in command at Columbus, the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, July 31, 1863.

General MASON, Columbus:

Don't confine Colonel Alsten or the other officers sent to Camp Chase before Morgan in the penitentiary.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

I felt that, although Colonel Alston's parole had not bee n valid,and that he was, in accordance with the terms of the cartel, a lawful prisoner in your hands, he should be allowed to return to his home at once, to remain until properly exchanged,a nd I made all proper efforts to accomplish this result. The colonel was afterward released and wrote me from Fortress Monroe the following note:

FORT MONROE, October 5, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: I have been informed that I will be sent to City Point by the first flag- of- truce boat. i take this opportunity to acknowledge your kindness, and would

