
gladly avail myself of the occasion to reciprocate it. If there is any officer at Richmond o f equal rank that you would especially desire to have released on parole, I think, sir, I could be instrumental in accomplishing it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. ALSTON,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Provisional Army, C. S.

This statement regarding Colonel Alston is made in view of the fact that he is the officer who prefers the charges against Colonel Hanson. I certify upon honor that the above statements are correct, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major- General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 6, 1865.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Commanding Army of the James:

Your dispatch in relation to retaining certain prisoners of war on taking the oath of allegiance is received. They cannot be released before being exchanged for prisoners of ours. They should be among the first forwarded for exchange if they desire it, and be made acquainted with Special Orders,no 3, current series, relating to desertions from the enemy, and informed that if they came voluntarily into our lines they will be permitted to remain unmolested under the provisions of said order.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, February 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The Confederate officers who were delivered yesterday and who left Johnson;'s Island on the 27th of January, state that the order of August 10, 1864, is still rigidly enforced. They also complain of the amount of food given to them, alleging that it is barely sufficient to keep them from starvation. In view of the recent agreement made with General Grant for the purpose of relieving prisoners, I again make the request that all restrictions on both sides which prevent prisoners from receiving contributions, public or private, or from making purchases of proper articles, be immediately removed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE U. S. ASSISTANT AGENT OF

EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., February 24, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Armies of the United States, with the statement that Mr. Ould has again complained that no abatement in former orders has been made further than to allow prisoners to purchase vegetables. he has requested me to call the attention of the Lieutenant- General to the fact that under the agreement our prisoners were permitted to purchase in market whatever they could pay for, and receive such contributions as might be offered them. He claims a reciprocal arrangement, and I think the welfare, comfort, and almost

