
75 MURRAY STREET, New York, February 6, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, U. S. Volunteers, present:

GENERAL: I have the honor to ask that you make,if there is no objection, an arrangement with the Quartermaster's Department to furnish transportation on requisitions made direct from me for supplies to go to the several prisons. This, if done, will save much time and will save you the work of forwarding my requisitions. Please inform me if you have received any notice from Washington that officers have been transferred to the several prisons. I would respectfully ask that Brigadier General R. B. Vance, who is to be my assistant, be permitted to visit such prisons as I amy desire, to look to the distribution of supplies. This privilege is, I see from the papers, granted the U. S. officers in the South. I inclose a letter from General Vance. Please write and telegraph General Schoepf at Fort Delaware. If the arrangement can be made to ship on my requisition made direct I can report to you each day the shipments made the previous day. On Saturday I shipped to Point Lookout 2,000 blankets, 1,000 socks; to Elmira 1,000 blankets, 1,000 socks; have also supplies to ship to- day to Fort Delaware. i purchased 15,000 pair socks and 7,000 pair shoes on Saturday. The delay in the cotton transshipped by Captain Noyues will cause me great inconvenience, I fear. Can he not hurry it up!

I am,general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., February 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General PAINE, New York:

DEAR SIR: I am satisfied that there is some mistake in reference to my aiding General Beall in his purchasing supplies for Confederate soldiers prisoners of war. If correctly informed my Government made an arrangement for me to join General Beall. The order came here from Washington to that effect and my parole was made out, notice to be given General Schoepf by you when the cotton arrived in new York. I desire to call your attention to the facts, feeling assured that a mistake has been made in the matter. Justice to the agreement with my Government would suggest that it be carried out.

Very truly, yours,

ROBT. B. VANCE,

Brigadier-General and Prisoner of War.

37 BLEECKER STREET, New york, February 6, 1865.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, 75 Murray Street, New York:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward for your information papers this day received from Brevet Brigadier-General Hoffman, Commissary- General of Prisoners, viz, (1) requisition and letter of Captain Charles Goodman, assistant quarter aster, Camp Douglas; (2) letter of General A. Schoepf and requisition of Captain S. R. Craig, assistant quartermaster; (3) letter of Alonzo Morgan and requisition of Alonzo Morgan and others, Point Lookout, and (4) requisition of Captain T./ J. Kerr, assistant quartermaster, Camp Chase. These requisitions were drawn on U. S. officers, except that of A. Morgan and associates.

I will endeavor to make the arrangement referred to in communication of this date.

