
proposed. I respectfully refer to what may be the general's opinion: He told me that he was pleased with the cleanliness and the good order about the prisons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-first Missouri Volunteers and Inspecting Officer.
HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, S. C., January 3, 1865.

Dr. S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Permit me respectfully to invite your attention to General Orders, No. 84, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, paragraph I, by which I am constituted Commissary-General of Prisoners All officers and men serving with the different prisons east of Mississippi River are placed under my command. At the several prisons there are a large number of medical officers; some placed on duty in orders from the War Department, others by various medical directors. The location of these prisons is frequently changed, creating a necessity for the transfer of the officers beyond the limits of the department of medical director, by whom they were assigned. The interest of the prisons being somewhat at variance with the Confederate hospitals, great difficulty is sometimes experienced in obtaining the necessary supplies for the comfort of the sick of this command. Many of the administrative details of the medical department of this command necessarily pass through these headquarters. I have,therefore, placed Surg. Isaiah H. White on duty at these headquarters as chief medical of this, and separate the prison hospitals from all medical directors, and that he report directly to your office.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 3, 1865.

Major WILLIAM INNES,

Assistant Commissioner, Organizing U. S. Colored Troops:

MAJOR: The following report of my capture and subsequent attempted murder is respectfully submitted for your information:

I was captured on the 20th of December fourteen miles in a southeasterly direction from Murfreesborough, in company with two other officers, Lieutenant D. G. Cooke, Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry, and Captain Charles G. Penfield, Forty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, by a company of scouts belonging to Forrest's command, numbering thirty-six men, commanded by Captain Harvey. As soon as captured we were robbed of everything of any value, even to clothing. We were kept under guard for three days with some other prisoners (private soldiers of General Steedman's division, who were captured near Murfreesborough) until we reached a small town called Lewisburg, some eighteen miles south of Duck River. There the officers were sent under a guard of four men to report,a s I supposed, to General Forrest's headquarters. The guard told [me] that was their destination. They took us along the pike road leading from

