
I have received no notice of the transfer of any officers. Will communicate by telegraph and mail with General Schoepf, as requested, and will obtain from the War Department information as to the functions of General Vance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FORT COLUMBUS,New York Harbor, February 6, 1865.

COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: In compliance with paragraph 12 of circular from the Commissary- General of Prisoners, dated Washington, D. C., April 20, 1864, I have the honor to submit for your approval the inclosed special estimate of clothing required for the use of prisoners of war at this post, and to state that although all of the amount specified is not now actually required, yet it is deemed necessary to keep a small quantity on hand to meet the frequent demands for clothing consequent on the liability of having the class of prisoners for whom it is intended for issued sent to this point at any moment,many of whom are entirely destitute of bedding, and in a great measure of the necessary clothing to insure cleanliness and comfort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BOMFORD,

Colonel Eighth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS WEST'S BUILDINGS HOSPITAL,Baltimore, Md., February 6, 1865.

Surg. A. CHAPEL, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Hospital:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 4, 1865:

Conduct- good. Cleanliness- good. Clothing- sufficient. Bedding- good. State of quarters- good. State of mess- houses- good. State of kitchen- good. Food, quality of- excellent. Food, quantity of- sufficient. Water- good. Sinks- good. Police of grounds- good. Drainage- good. Police of hospital- good. Attendance of sick- excellent. Hospital diet- good, General health of prisoners- good as could be expected from the nature of their wounds and diseases. Vigilance of guard- good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORATIO ROBERTS,

Second Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Received February 1, 1865, of Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, paroled commissioner for supplying Confederate prisoners, the following- named articles: Twenty- five pair pants, 25 pair shoes, 25 blankets, 3 dozen pair woolen socks.

Respectfully referred tot he Commissary- General of Prisoners.

A. CHAPEL,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Hospital.

