
particularized,a nd their destination, so as to perfect the bill of lading and secure their proper distribution and safe delivery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART VAN VLIET,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S . Army.

37 BLEECKER STREET, New York, February 7, 1865.

General HUNT:

GENERAL: I venture to ask you to do me the favor to open such of my official letters as shall be sent to your office in my absence,and permit General Beall to read those which contain information of importance to him. Also to perform such acts as admit of no delay in case authority therefor is received by telegraph from General Halleck. Be kind enough to retain unofficial letters until my return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 7, 1865.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Provost- Marshal- General, Dept.of East Tenn., Knoxville, Tenn:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th ultimo reporting certain rebel officers as having violated their parole given to Major-General Stoneman, in failing to report at Knoxville, Tenn.,a s prisoners of war. Should any of these officers come into your hands in the future you will place them in close confinement and send immediate notice to this office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 7, 1865.

Colonel C. W. HILL, Commanding Johnson's Island, Ohio:

COLONEL: The Commissary- General of Prisoners directs that any of the following- named rebel officers who may come into your hands be placed in close confinement and immediate notice be sent to this office, they having violated their parole given to Major-General Stoneman to report at Knoxville, Tenn., as prisoners of war: D. H. Lewellyn, major and quartermaster; Benjamin Gillespie, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.; George N. Eakin, captain and assistant quartermaster; William Johnson, captain and assistant quartermaster; G. S. Feeny, second lieutenant, Provisional Army, C. S.; J. D. Bushong, second lieutenant, Sixty- second Tennessee Volunteers; J. Q. Arnold, captain Company B, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry; R. A. Williams, captain and assistant commissary of subsistence; Benjamin P. Morrison, captain Company B, Thirty- seventh Virginia Infantry, and Charles H. C. Preston, lieutenant, Company I, Twenty- second Virginia Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BALAGDEN,

Major, Second Mass. Cav., Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.

13 R R- SERIES II, VOL VIII

