
RICHMOND, February 7, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: You are doubtless aware that by a recent agreement between the Confederate and Federal authorities all prisoners of war who have been heretofore or now are held in close confinement or irons are to be mutually released and delivered.

General Gardner has directed all such as are at Danville or Salisbury to be sent to Richmond. I will thank you to forward such of the class referred to as are in other prisons to this place as soon as convenience will allow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, February 7, 1865.

Honorable WILLIAM PORCHER MILES:

DEAR SIR: Your note of the 4th instant, respecting Mr. Kenessick, has been received. it has been informally stated to me that a Federal officer (lieutenant, I believe) was paroled at Charleston some two months ago and sent North to procure the release and exchange of Mr. Kenessick. i have not been able to learn by whose authority this was done. Whoever did it acted in direct opposition not only to the instructions of this office, but of the Secretary of War. I also understand that the time in which the exchange was to be effected has expired, and that the Federal officer has not complied with his obligation to return in the event of his not securing the release of Mr. Kenessick. Why this office was not informed of the proceeding I cannot imagine,unless it was supposed that it would not be sustained by our authorities in Richmond. The act was not only a special exchange, but was the exchange of a commissioned officer for private citizen. In the adjustment of accounts with the Federal agents I should have felt it my duty not to be bound by any such proceeding. As it is, when I can get information as to who the officer was who was sent I shall demand an equivalent for him. I think you will agree with me that, however deserving Mr. Kenessick is, the whole proceeding is a most extraordinary one. It is such acts as these that produce discontent and dissatisfaction both amongst our prisoners and people. When the scales are held equal, and rules and not exceptions govern, our people are satisfied. i am very hopeful that an arrangement is about being made by which all persons captured on the sea and rivers leading to the same will be released. The signs are very favorable. please let me hear from you in reference to this.

Yours, truly,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

T. A. Whitney, relative to his exchange as a blockade- runner.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 7, 1865.

Returned to Hon. W. PO. Miles.

Mr. Whitney is mistaken in supposing blockade- runners have recently been exchanged, unless,indeed, they belonged to the Navy, in which

