
event they were released on that account under agreement. It is probable that some, through influence at the North, have been released on parole. no such result has happened by reason of any action of the Confederate authorities. As I say in another note to you to- day, I am very hopeful that an arrangement is about being made by which all persons captured on the sea and rivers leading to the same will be released.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S . MILITARY PRISONS

Numbers 3. EAST OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER,

Columbia, S. C., February 7, 1865.

Sutlers at the various prison camps are the only persons authorized to trade with the prisoners. The commanding officers at the various prisons will grant them the permission to purchase U. S. Treasury notes from the prisoners for the use of the Government at the rates to be established by the Quartermaster- General, which until further orders will be $5 in C. S. notes for $1 in U. S . Treasury notes. All trafficking and trading by unauthorized persons must be stopped. Commanding officers will use stringent measures to prevent it, and all persons so offending connected with the post will be placed under arrest and brought before a court- martial. Others will be turned over to the civil authorities for trial.

[JNO H. WINDER.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, 37 Bleecker Street, New York City:

GENERAL: Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff U. S. Army, directs me to inform you that General Vance was to be paroled in the same manner as General Beall. You are authorized to select any officer in New York Harbor, with the consent of General Dix, to act in your place during your absence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 8, 1865.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: The Quartermaster-General has referred to this office a letter from Captain J. J. Elwell, assistant quartermaster at Elmira, in which he reports that he has been obliged by your order to issue U. S . clothing to prisoners of war in consequence of their being no clothing on hand furnished specially for prisoners. The regulations, to which your attention has before been called, prescribe the mode of procuring clothing for prisoners, and if at any time there was an insufficiency on hand to meet the demands, it must be attributed to a want of attention on the part of the commanding officer whose duty it is to see that timely requisitions are made for such clothing as may be required; and when, to meet demands which are occasioned by his neglecting

