
this duty, he takes upon himself to order the clothing furnished in a mode not authorized, he commits another error. I call your attention to this subject again in the hope that there will be no recurrence of similar irregularities. See my letter of October 5, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Camp Ford, February 8, 1865.

COLONEL: Birchett has kindly offered to forward to you any communication I may wish, and I avail myself of the opportunity to inform you of the condition and wants of the prisoners here. I have received the clothing, vegetables, &amp;c., sent through, and distributed the same to the best of my ability, and the camp has now sufficient clothing to render them comfortable, and unless our number is augmented we will need nothing further in that line before the 1st of September next; but if we are to remain here much longer (which God forbid) I wish you to represent to the powers that be that we are in much need of vegetables to counteract the great tendency to scurvy, and if there is a possibility of sending more through to do it. A lot of citric acid also would be very beneficial We are more troubled with scurvy than any other disease and have very limited means to prevent it, and if we remain here during the spring months I fear it will become alarming.

In regard to exchange we feel a little sore, but hope our turn will come soon, and are confident that the Government will do for us all that can be done without compromising principle or honor.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. McCULLOCH,

Captain, Seventy- seventh Illinois Infty., and Prisoner of War.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, February 8, 1865.

Captain WRIGHT RIVES, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department of the East, New York City:

SIR; I have the honor to report that Captain Frank Battle, Wheeler's scouts, was this day transferred for delivery and sent to Fort Monroe, there to be detained subject to the orders of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Mulford, agent for the exchange of prisoners, in pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 6, dated War Department, Adjutant-General';s Office, Washington, D. C., January 18, 1865.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. ALLEN,

Major, Second U. S . Artillery, Commanding Post.

OFFICE PROVOST- MARSHAL- GENERAL OF EAST TENN.,

Knoxville, Tenn., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHN, C. S. Army,

Commanding Cavalry, Dept.of West Virginia and East Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith the following- named citizens for release under the agreement made by your and General Carter, viz; Brunnel Bryant, Joel Bouling, William Bruce, J. D. Campbell, Benj. F. Clark, A. B. Cowen, William A. Clarkson, Robert Cragg,

