
Dan. C. Hurley, A. J. Ish, Hugh Kilson, Samuel L. Kerr, John Murrile, Moses Simpson, Joseph White.

The following are reported as having died at Johnson's Island, viz:

John Bise, John Coulton, Samuel Ghormteg, T. Nixon Van Dyke.

The first named were sent here for exchange, but under your agreement with General Carter I suppose they are to be released. A. C. Plumlee and William Hall are held here by the civil authorities and not as hostages.

In regard to the persons mentioned by your in your communication of the 10th ultimo, I would say that Crouch, Scruggs, Lindsay, and Biltenton have been released as I suppose. They are not there. Ramsey gave his parole as first lieutenant and aide de- camp on your staff. Montgomery was a telegraph operator. These two are properly prisoners of war. Sperry, Fox, Goforth, Obisnon, Bosang, and Olimegar were not arrested as hostages, but upon some specific offense as I suppose. I am not authorized to make any special exchanges.

Escaped prisoners who left Salisbury, N. C., on the 4th of January last report that the Union citizens held there had not then been forwarded for release. I hope there will be no failure on the part of your authorities in carrying out your agreement.

Hopeing soon to receive from you the citizens held by you,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. TOWBRIDGE,

Lieutenant Colonel Tenth Mich. Cav. and pro. March General of East Tenn.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 8, 1865.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major- general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 3rd instant in relation to Lieutenant-Casteel and other rebel prisoners of war recently confined tat your post and now forwarded to Fort Monroe, as requested by the Commissary- General of Prisoners. The exchange of these prisoners was specially arranged by General Grant, and they will therefore be sent from here to Fort Monroe by first opportunity. Your letter will be sent to the Commissary- General of Prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOINT RESOLUTION to amend a joint resolution entitled "Joint resolution on the subject of retaliation, " approved May 1, 1863*

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh sections of the above- recited joint resolution be, and the same are hereby, repealed, and that the second section be so amended as to omit therefrom the following words, towit, "or to employ negroes in war against the Confederate States," and to insert in lieu thereof the words, "or to employ our negro slaves in war against the Confederate States."

Approved February 8, 1865.

---------------

*See Vol. V, this series, p. 940.

---------------

