
will arrive as soon as you will probably get my men to Decatur. i send by Lieutenant Browne, my aide- de- camp, ten prisoners, which will be delivered to you, an equivalent to be delivered, if you have them, at Decatur; if not, when you have them. My regimental commanders report 16 officers and 355 men captured by the U. S. forces. I will have an equivalent number of U. S . prisoners here as soon as possible. Below I give the information asked for in the telegram:

Williams' and Warren's battalions, now Burtwell's regiment Alabama cavalry. Fourth Alabama Regiment Cavalry (Johnson's regiment), Moreland's regiment cavalry. Tenth Alabama Regiment Cavalry, pickett's regiment. Fifth Alabama Regiment Cavalry, patterson's regiment. Stuart's battalion Alabama cavalry; newsom's company cavalry; Roddey's escort company cavalry; Sleeth's company cavalry; Ferrell';s battery horse artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

75 MURRAY STREET, New York, February 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General HUNT, U. S. Volunteers, Present:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that since nothing has been heard from the 170 bales of cotton received by Captain Frank G. Noyes, U. S. Army, under the late agreement between General Grant and Colonel Ould to supply prisoners of war and transshipped as per remarks as follows on bill of lading:

U. S. S. TRANSPORT ATLANTA, Mobile Bay, January 16, 1865.

Owing to the incapacity of the steamer Atlanta to carry all the articles named within, 170 of the bales mentioned have been this day transferred to the assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, Fort Morgan, Ala., for shipment to me at New York.

FRANK G. NOYES,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Army.

I would respectfully ask that the honorable Secretary of War give an order to have the same quantity of cotton turned over to me at this place and that the cotton turned over to quartermaster at Fort Morgan be kept by the United States. I have in my possession the weight and classification of the cotton shipped from Mobile. I make the foregoing request from the fact that till the cotton is received and turned into funds it is impossible for me to arrange and make purchases of supplies under my instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

[Indorsement.]

33 BEEKMAN STREET, New York, February 13, 1865.

The within communication having been shown me by Brigadier-General Beall,with a request that I indorse the same, I respectfully state that the only objection I see to making the arrangement asked for herein by Brigadier-General Beall is the difficulty of ascertaining the correct weight and classification of the 170 bales of cotton turned over by me to the assistant quartermaster at Fort Morgan for shipment to me at this city.

