
He is strictly enjoined to abstain from reporting anything not allowed by the authorities of the places he may visit, and to do no t that shall bring discredit on the cause in which he is engaged.

All possible facilities and all due courtesies are asked for him in the discharge of the duties assigned him.

GEO. H. STUART,

Chairman U. S. Christian Commission.

Attest.

W. E. BOARDMAN,

Secretary.

WASHINGTON, January 1, 1865-10.30 a.m.

Major-General CANBY, New Orleans:

Mr. Ould reports to General Grant that the cotton was ready on board the lighter at Mobile on the 23rd of December waiting for our transports; that our authorities had been so notified, but no answer had been returned. General Grant wishes that matter to be inquired into, and that there should be no neglect on our part to receive and transmit the cotton.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MORTON,Indianapolis, Ind., January 1, 1865.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 31, 1864:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good state. Clothing-good. Bedding-good. State of quarters-kept well policed. State of mess houses-have none. State of kitchen-good. Food, quality of-first class. Food, quantity of-sufficient, being according to orders. Water-sufficient. Sinks-sufficient. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-complete. Police of hospital-thorough. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-first class. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-thorough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant Co. D, 5th Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, and Insp. Office.

[Indorsement.]

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Office Commissary-General of Prisoners:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that during the past week the weather has been more favorable and the barracks and camp have been thoroughly policed.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. A. STEVENS,

Co. Fifth Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, Commanding Camp Morton, Ind.

