
The cotton received by me from General Maury January 13, ultimo, in Mobile Bay, was in very bad condition, many of the bales being torn open, the roping broken, and there being consequently a large quantity of loose cotton. The marks on many of the bales were illegible. I was therefore unable to sign bills of lading for a stated number of pounds of cotton, but only for a certain number of bales in bad order and condition and is with marks illegible. I loaded the transport Atlanta to near full capacity, and in addition to her cargo of whole bales put all the loose cotton from the entire number of bales received by me from General Maury on board of her, and turned over the remaining 170 bales to the assistant quartermaster at Fort Morgan, for shipment to me at New York, through Captain Perkins, assistant quartermaster, in charge of water transportation, New Orleans, La. It is therefore probable that the average weight of the 830 bales brough here by me on the Atlanta (arriving at New York January 24, ultimo) and turned over to Brigadier- General Beall is greater than the average weight of the 170 bales yet to arrive. It also seems probable that the bad condition of the cotton when received by me, and its frequent handling since if was invoiced to Brigadier-General Beall by General Maury, may have reduced its classification and consequent value. If these difficulties can be obviated, I respectfully recommend that the request of Brigadier-General Beall be granted. It may be proper for me to state that the 170 bales of cotton were loaded at Fort Morgan on the U. S. schooner Highlander,a nd that the master of that schooner had received his sailing orders for new Orleans on the day I left Mobile Bay, to wit, January 16, ultimo, and that on the same day I wrote Colonel S. B. Hoabird, chief quartermaster, Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, explaining to him the whole matter and requesting him to see that the 170 bales were forwarded to me at New York without delay.

FRANK G. NOYES,

Captain and Com. of Sub., Major-General Granger's Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 9, 1865.

Honorable ALEXANDER RAMSEY, U. S. Senator, Washington,. D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 4th instant, requesting suggestions as to the best means of expending certain money in the hands of His Excellency the Governor of Minnesota for the benefit of such soldiers from Minnesota as may be in the hands of the rebels. I regret that I am unable to give you any information as to where the prisoners from Minnesota held by the rebels may be found, and I fear you will find it impossible to fix upon any plan by which money may be disbursed for their benefit while they remain in Southern prisons. But there is an expectation that large number of prisoners will very soon be delivered at Annapolis on parole, all of whom no doubt will be in a very destitute condition, and I would respectfully suggest that a small amount of money might be advantageously expended for the Minnesota men there. Arrangements have been made to provide for the immediate wants of prisoners on their arrival, and to pay them as soon as possible the pay that is due and their commutation of rations, so that they will be only a few days with-out the mens of purchasing such articles as they may wish.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

