
RICHMOND, February 10, 1865.

Brigadier General G. J. PILLOW, Montgomery, Ala.:

Relying on your known patriotism, intelligence, and capability to conduct an important branch of the public service, the President has directed your assignment as Commissary-General of Prisoners. It will be announced in general orders. I give you this early information that you may be enabled to make your arrangements to assume the duties of the office with the least practicable delay. Meantime Brigadier-General Gardner will take temporary control of the prisoners east of the Savannah River.*

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT.,

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., February 10, 1865.

Captain T. W. HALL,

Assistant Inspector-General, Salisbury, N. C.:

CAPTAIN: I inclose herewith a letter from Governor Vance,+ upon which General Breckinridge, Secretary of War, has directed an inspection to be made. As you are engaged in an inspection of Salisbury, be pleased to make a full report of the condition of the Yankee prisons, the condition of the prisoners, &amp;c., and call the attention of General Johnson to evils which can be corrected at once, and of those requiring the action of the Department advise me at once, in order that the necessary orders may be issued. State causes leading to the apparent inhumanity reported by the Government as existing amongst, the prisoners. As early and full a report as you can make is desired, with as little delay as possible.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Indorsement.]

SALISBURY, N. C., February 17, 1865.

Respectfully transmitted with letter of Governor Vance inclosed and accompanying report of inspection as ordered.++

T. W. HALL,

Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP CHASE,Near Columbus, Ohio, February 11, 1865.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 11, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-fair. Clothing-sufficient. Bedding-good. State of quarters-good. State of mess-houses-perfect. State of kitchen-perfect. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-sufficient. Water-good and sufficient. Sinks-in good condition. Police of grounds-perfect. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-perfect.

---------------

* For Pillow's reply, see Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part II, p. 1174.

+ See Vance to Seddon, February 1, p. 167.

++ Se p. 245.

---------------

