
Attendance of sick-sufficient. Hospital diet-good. General health of prisoners-improving. Vigilance of guard-unexceptionable.

Remarks and suggestions.-A complete and full amount of hospital and other accommodations have been furnished to accommodate all sick and wounded with good ward-masters and nurses; even with all this care [we] will not in all case prove successful in refining the wasted fragments of Hood's army. The only improvement now needed is larger wash-room in Prison Numbers 3, should it be necessary to provide for the present number of prisoners, but as the number is being diminished the necessity is at once obviated. The number and capacity of wards at prison hospital are such at to require a wash-room of larger size, unless as there will no doubt by exchange so lessen the number of patients that there will be no need for additional room.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. K. ALLEN,

Captain, Eighty-eight Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Inspecting officer's report approved. No additions to make.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

RICHMOND, February 11, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

SIR: I propose to deliver to you by James River, Wilmington, or any other practicable points, all the Federal prisoners now in our custody without delay, upon receiving an assurance from you that you will deliver an equal number of Confederate prisoners within a reasonable time. Of course I would prefer that such reasonable time should be as early a day as will be practicable or convenient to you.

I can deliver to you at Wilmington 1,000 prisoners per day, commencing at any early date you may designate. I can have even a larger number in readiness at any named day. Deliveries of a like number per day can be made at Cox's Wharf, on James River, at the same time. I will be obliged to you for an early answer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CAMP OF NATIONAL PRISONERS,

Near Tyler, Tex., February 11, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: The undersigned, officers of the U. S. Army, held as prisoners of war at this camp, take the liberty of addressing you, desiring to call your attention to the fact that there are officers of our army now held at this place and at the guard-house in Shreveport who we are assured are held by the Confederate authorities as punishment for attempting to escape to our own lines. We have always supposed that it was the right and duty of a prisoner of war to make his own escape when possible, and that it was contrary to all rules and usages of civilized warfare to punish him for so doing. Major Bering and Lieutenant Srofe, of the Forty-eight Ohio Infantry, are among the oldest prisoners in camp. They were in Shreveport when their regiment passed through Shreveport for exchange in October last. Major McCauley, of the First Indiana

