
[Cavalry], and Lieutenants Fleming and Fulton, of the Seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry, are now and have been for some time in the guard-house at Shreveport for attempting to escape. Their regiments are now going forward for exchange, but the agent of exchange refuses to send them forward. Being the oldest prisoners here we expected to have gone on this exchange, as we supposed it was the rule of our Government to exchange the oldest captures first, but, as it seems not to be, we would endeavor to exchange ourselves, cheerfully undergoing all the hardships and dangers of an attempt to travel some 400 miles through the enemy's country were we assured that we would be protected in so doing by our authorities. It is poor encouragement if we know that when recaptured and our regiments are exchanged we are retained in prison. We are sure it is only necessary to call your attention to the matter to have it corrected. We shall look anxiously for the action of our Government in the cases referred to.

Respectfully,

J. A. Bering, major Forty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry; William Prescott, captain, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers; John W. Watts, captain, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers; P. H. White, captain Mercantile Battery; J. H. Stevison, captain, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry; Elias Fraun-felter, captain, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry; Thomas Hughes, first lieutenant and regimental quartermaster, Twenty-eighth Iowa Infantry; William B. Milliken, first lieutenant, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry; Harvey Applegate, first lieutenant, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry; Samuel P. Dill, captain, One hundred and seventy-third Regiment New York Volunteers; Henry J. Wyman, first lieutenant, Seventy-seventh Illinois; Charles Nolton, first lieutenant, One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers; A. H. Hazlett, first lieutenant, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry; J. M. McCulloch, captain, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry; Thomas Sheridan, captain Company K, Eighty-seventh Illinois; David Mefford, captain, Sixth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; John M. Defriese, second lieutenant, Sixth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; T. S. O'Conner, first lieutenant, Second Indian Regiment; Gaza Haraszthy, Company B, Eighteenth New York Cavalry; G. S. Goodwin, first lieutenant, Seventh Missouri Cavalry; B. Hitchcock, first lieutenant, First Kansas Colored Volunteer Infantry; S. S. Edwards, first lieutenant, Seventy-seventh Illinois Volunteers; C. W. Johnson, first lieutenant, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers; George W. Huston, first lieutenant and regiment quartermaster, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry; R. S. Taylor, first lieutenant, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers; J. W. Paulen, first lieutenant, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers; W. C. Harned, first lieutenant, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers; W. C. Pool, first lieutenant, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers; C. A. Payne, first lieutenant, Eighteenth New York Cavalry; P. S. Cone, lieutenant, Chicago Mercantile Battery; C. F. McCulloch, second lieutenant, Seventy-seventh Illinois; W. J. Srofe, first lieutenant, Forty-eighth Ohio Volunteers.

