
[FEBRUARY 11, 1865.-For Beauregard to Cooper (two dispatches) recommending removal of Union prisoners from Columbia and Florence, see Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part II, pp. 1156, 1157.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., February 12, 1865.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 11, 1865:

Conduct-good. Discipline-excellent. Cleanliness-remarkably clean as regards quarters, considering the low temperature of the past week; as regards the men they look very neat and clean, each man being punished who presents himself at inspection with untidy face or hair. Clothing-decidedly deficient, but is now being corrected by the distribution of clothing from the Confederate authorities. Bedding-prisoners have no bedding except the boards and their blankets. State of quarters-in good condition, tight and warm. State of mess-houses-clean and warned comfortably. State of kitchen-clean, and every-thing systematized. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-prisoner's ration. Water-plenty and good. Police of grounds-moderately good, but not enough carts furnished. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-excellent. Attendance of sick-all that can be desired up to date, but the exchange of the prisoners interferes with the arrangements of the surgeon in charge, as some had been physicians in civil life, and we used as much to attend the prisoners. Hospital-the quarters devoted to hospital purposes are decidedly insufficient; from twelve to twenty sick men are compelled to remain in their usual quarters for want of accommodation in the hospital. Hospital diet-all that is required, as far as I can judge. General health of prisoners-very bad; increase of sickness principally caused by the arrival of the Fort Fisher prisoners, of whom more than half are sick. Vigilance of guard-the guard are very vigilant indeed.

Remarks and suggestions.-I would respectfully recommend that a greater number of police carts be supplied and that more room for hospital purposes be furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. REID,

Lieutenant, Tenth U. S. Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., February 12, 1865.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 11, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good. State of clothing-good. Bedding-good. State of quarters-kept as well policed as is possible. State of mess-houses-have none. State of kitchen-good. Food, quality of-first-class. Food, quality of-sufficient, being in accordance to orders. Water-sufficient. Sinks-sufficient for the cold

14 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII.

