
prisoners here pending removal. Keep two wagons for this purpose, and send everything else with the tools, &amp;c., to Captain Richardson here.

I am, doctor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 13, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I inclose herewith a letter from several of our officers who are now confined in Libby Prison and ask that their cases may be brought up for exchange. With one exception-that of Acting Master Shulze-they were engaged in the destruction of the rebel ram Albemarle, on which occasion they were captured. They are brave and deserving fellows, and I hope you may be able to effect their exchange.

Yours, truly,

G. V. FOX.

[Inclosure.]

LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., January 30, 1865.

Commander F. A. PARKER, Commanding Potomac Flotilla:

SIR: My brother officers confined here in Libby have requested me to write the inclosed letter to the Department. You would greatly oblige us by sending the letter to the Secretary and say a few words in our favor. We would then be certain of a speedy exchange. Oh, sir, if you could only see this ne plus ultra of misery here for one moment you would not hesitate.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. C. SHULZE,

Acting Master, U. S. Navy.

[Sub-inclosure.]

LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., January 30, 1865.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am informed by Brigadier General Joseph Hayes, U. S. Army, who has just had an interview with Mr. Ould, the Confederate commissioner of exchange, that the Confederate authorities would immediately exchange all naval prisoners of war held by them if the Federal Government would send their equivalents. Only six naval officers are now in the hands of the Confederate authorities, viz: Actg. Master G. C. Shulze, U. S. S. Yankee; Actg. Asst. Paymaster F. H. Swann (sick), Otsego; Actg. Ensign W. L. Howorth, Monticello; Actg. Master's Mate Thomas S. Gay (sick), Otsego; Actg. Asst. Engineer Charles L. Steever (sick), Otsego; Actg. Asst. Engineer William Stotesbury (sick), picket boat Numbers 1. The sick are paroled and will probably go North in the first flag of truce; all sailors and marines (thirteen), are also paroled. As we are all eager to be in active service under our glorious old flag again, the remaining officers have requested me to bring this to your favorable notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. C. SHULZE,

Acting Master, U. S. Navy.

