
CIRCULAR. OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Numbers 2. Washington, D. C., February 13, 1865.

By authority from the Secretary of War sutlers at the several prison stations will be permitted to sell to prisoners of war vegetables in such quantities as may be necessary to their health. Commanding officers of the several prison stations are held responsible that this privilege is not abused.

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ELMIRA, N. Y., February 13, 1865.

General W. N. R. BEALL, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Agent for Distribution of Supplies to Prisoners,

75 Murray Street, New York:

GENERAL: We have quarters assigned us near the prison and are limited under our parole to its immediate vicinity. This renders it quite embarrassing to us in discharging the duties for which we are sent here, in not allowing us sufficient freedom of action. It is very necessary that we should visit the express office, railroad depot, and especially headquarters of the post, and some other places within the city limits on business connected with the distribution of supplies. Can you not have this remedied and have our parole so extended as to have us permitted to visit the above places at will in the discharge of our duties? We feel confident that Colonel Tracy, commanding post, will approve any extension or further privilege in our paroles asked.

We are, general, truly, &amp;c.,

DANL. S. PRINTUP,

Major, &c. (for Committee to Distribute Supplies, &c.)

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General L. C. Hunt, U. S. Army, with the request that the privileges asked for the granted, if not inconsistent with the agreement between General Grant and Colonel Ould.

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner of War and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS, NEW YORK CITY AND HARBOR,New York, February 15, 1865.

Colonel Tracy will use his direction and judgment in granting all "due facilities" for the proper distribution of supplies. The parole should be such as to afford such "due facilities" as agreed upon between General Grant and Colonel Ould.

L. C. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding (for General Paine).

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, February 13, 1865.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C.:

Through various sources of information we learn that the Confederate prisoners captured west of the Mississippi River have been sent down

