
that river for exchange. We beg to call your attention to the fact that a few officers belonging to that department are at this place and we respectfully request that we may not be made an exception to the general exchange in that department. A speedy reply is respectfully requested.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. C. WILKES,

Colonel, Invalid Corps.

ROBT. J. BARROW,

[And others of the Trans-Mississippi Department.]

[FEBRUARY 13, 1865.-For Gillmore to Halleck, requesting authority to return to military prisons in the North 495 rebel officers sent to the Department of the South in August, 1864, to be placed under fire in retaliation for the Union officers held under fire at Charleston, S. C., see Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part II, p. 412.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

Rock Island Barracks, Ill., February 13, 1865.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 13, 1865:

Conduct-very good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-good. Bedding-none. State of quarters-very good. State of mess-house-no mess-house. State of kitchen-very good. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-as per circular from Commissary-General of Prisoners. Water-good. Sinks-not good. Police of grounds-very good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-very good. Hospital diet-very good. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

and Provost-Marshal of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The within report is concurred in. Rolls have been completed to this date of 1,000 prisoners for exchange. There will probably be at least 2,000 of those confined here who will refuse to be exchanged, as they desire to take the oath. More would no doubt send in their names if they knew they would be released on making such application and not remain longer in confinement than those who will be exchanged.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

CITY POINT, VA., February 13, 1865.

Colonel R. OULD, Agent of Exchange:

Your communication in relation to Lieutenant Davis, condemned to death as a 'spy," was received and forwarded to the Secretary of War

