
that the rebel officers be delivered on condition that as many of our officers be delivered to us at the same time.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CITY POINT, VA., February 14, 1865.

General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch in reference to exchange of prisoners of war now at Fort Pulaski is received. On the 5th instant I authorized Major General J. G. Foster, commanding Department of the South, to effect the exchange of all prisoners of war within the limits of his command. I have not yet heard from him on the subject, but presume he will carry out my instructions as promptly as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE ASST. AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

FLAG-OF-TRUCE STEAMER NEW YORK,

Varina, Va., February 14, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Armies in Field, City Point, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I have this day held a conference with Honorable R. Ould, Confederate agent for exchange, upon the subject of the release of a class of prisoners known as "merchant service men," consisting principally of persons captured on our inland waters while engaged in the U. S. transport service, many of whom have been prisoners for a long period, extending in some instances through quite two years, and now that other exchanges are being consummated, this class, whose claims for a long time have been practically ignored, have, in my opinion, a legitimate demand upon our attention. The result of my conference with Mr. Ould was an agreement, subject to the approval of Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, for the release and exchange of this class of prisoners upon the conditions provided by the cartel of July 22, 1862, which defines the grades and establishes the rates of equivalents on the basis of naval captures. This I believe to be a just and equitable arrangement, and respectfully submit the matter for the consideration of the lieutenant-general. Awaiting his instructions on the subject,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and U. S. Assistant Agent for Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 14, 1865.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.:

Telegram of the 12th received. Discharges will not be granted at present. Arrangements will be made at the proper time for the discharge of those who publicly decline the offer of exchange.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

