
"directing that my parole be suspended and that I be placed in Fort Lafayette as a prisoner of war till the arrival of the cotton from Mobile, when my parole will be renewed and I will enter upon the business as agreed upon between General Grant and Mr. Ould." I would respectfully state that having been paroled to make arrangements to sell the cotton and purchase supplies, I on my arrival here, as the cotton was daily looked for,rented a store, and have with three weeks' hard work collected in the store-house a large lot of samples of blankets and clothing. These samples are from large and reliable firms and factories, some of them at a distance. The samples have not bee examined and decided upon,as I was not ready to purchase. I will of course have to return them if I go to Fort Lafayette, and the purchases when the cotton does come must be delayed and all the work gone over. I would therefore most respectfully ask that the Honorable Secretary of War permit me to remain on parole till the arrival of the cotton. If this favor cannot be granted, I would ask for two days' time to return the samples. It cannot be done in less time. By the suspension of my parole it is clear that I am thought to have acted in some way not consistent with my instructions and the wishes of the War Department.

I have been studiously careful to observe to the letter my instructions and parole, and if I have failed to do so in any one particular I am not aware of it, and ask that my conduct since here be examined into. This I think but justice to me,as my reputation must be injured by a suspension of my parole.

I would state that a sign which I though necessary to put up to point out my place of business gave grounds for some remarks in the papers. The sign has been permanently taken down.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner of War and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 4, 1865.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War I inclose herewith for your information a copy of special orders from this office, authorizing the execution of retaliatory measures in the case of Captain W. H. Snowden, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, now held as a prisoner by the rebels, and who it is represented is subjected to treatment set forth in the order. It is respectfully requested that the rebel authorities may be notified of the action taken.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, OFFICE COM. GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Numbers 2. Washington, D. C., January 4, 1865.

* * * *

VIII. By authority of the Secretary of War a captain of the rebel army, a prisoner of war, will be selected and subjected to the same

