
trousers, 600 shirts, 500 blouses. On the same date, for prisoners at Salisbury, N. C., consigned to Major Aug. Haurand, Fourth New York Cavalry, the following supplies, viz, 3,000 blankets, 1,540 pair trousers, 1,400 shirts, 1,500 blouses.

These supplies were all shipped in care of a special messenger, who was charged with their delivery to the consignees. Colonel Prey reports the arrival of the supplies consigned to him at Danville.

I made application some time since for transportation to Columbia and Florence, but have been unable to obtain it. To-day I learned from Colonel Ould that it would be furnished in a few days, when I shall forward to those points the balance of supplies now on hand.

I deem it my duty to state that the Confederate authorities, through their agent, Colonel Ould, seem disposed to afford me every facility for the transaction of this business with thoroughness, safety, and dispatch. The difficulties in the way of forwarding the supplies to the prisoners now at Columbia and Florence will be removed, I believe, in a few days.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HAYES,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISONS,

Saint Louis, Mo., February 14, 1865.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 13, 1865:

Conduct-no complaints. Cleanliness-very good. Clothing-no demand made for any. Bedding-good. State of quarters-very clean. State of mess-houses-an old dark place, but pretty clean. State of kitchen-the same. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-sufficient. Water-plenty. Sinks, pretty clean-newcomers hardly ever know how to use them decently. Police of grounds-satisfactory. Drainage-improving. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-prompt. Hospital diet-under control of the hospital department. General health of prisoners-improving since the number of prisoners has decreased. Vigilance of guard-no complaint made.

Remarks and suggestions.-At my recent inspections I have observed that prisoners of war coming from the smallpox hospital are furnished with clothing exactly the same as that worn by our own men. Paragraph XII of the Commissary-General's circular of April, 1864, directs that the skirts of the coats will be cut short, but these are jackets such as many Western regiments have received and still wear. I have, of course, ordered the buttons to be cut off, but I still believe it to be dangerous to issue that kind of clothing, because prisoners will be very easily mistaken for U. S. soldiers. I would respectfully suggest that only gray clothing (which is so often confiscated on prize vessels) be issued, or some other mark, such as replacing the blue collars or part of their sleeves by gray ones, which the prisoners can do themselves, to prevent such mistakes. I also beg leave respectfully to refer to the indorsement of the commander of the prison (which is herewith inclosed) in answer to my letter of February 5. I always did believe that the employment of

