
[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Major General H. W. Halleck, Chief of Staff.

At the date of this telegram there were no prisoners in irons at Johnson's Island. Last night a citizen prisoner, Thomas F. Berry, was placed in irons for stabbing Lieutenant Harlin Morgan, a prisoner of war, who died of the wound.

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., February 15, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

GENERAL: Information has been received here from various sources that the proceeds of the 1,000 bales of cotton sent from Mobile are to be used to supply the rebel prisoners of war, now being exchanged, with new uniforms and blankets, so that they can return to the field fully clothed and supplied in the United States. By direction of the Secretary of War I inclose herewith a copy of a letter referring to a contract by the rebel General Beall in a New York for 20,000 gray coats and plants and 20,000 blankets. The Secretary of War does not see how, under the agreement between yourself and Mr. Ould, this can be prevented, and directs me to refer the matter to you for your action or suggestions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, February 10, 1865.

Honorable CHARLES A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I am this morning informed that the rebel General Beall has contracted with one of our clothiers (John F. Martin) for 20,000 gray coats and pants for the purpose of clothing the Confederate prisoners, and that he has also contracted for 20,000 blankets for same use. From the fact that these prisoners are soon to be exchanged, as I am informed, and that the clothing ordered is in very respect the Confederate uniform (save as to buttons), that they can be readily changed (gray satinets), will not this, if permitted, place 20,000 men in the Confederate ranks, uniformed and with blankets, ready for active service? I have felt it my duty to call the attention of the Government, through you, to the above facts, &amp;c.

Julian A. Scott feels truly grateful to you for your kindness in aiding me in obtaining the medical, &c.

Truly, yours,

HENRY E. CLARK.

CITY POINT, VA., February 15, 1865.

Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Agent of Exchange:

Your communication of date 14th instant, in relation to the exchange of a class of prisoners known as "merchant-service men," is received.

