
The agreement with Judge Ould for the release and exchange of this class of prisoners upon the conditions provided by the cartel of July 22, 1862, is approved, and you will carry out the same as speedily as practicable.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

75 MURRAY STREET, New York, February 15, 1865.

General L. C. HUNT, Present:

I have the honor to furnish the following list of prisons that I have sent supplies to, viz: Elmira, Point Lookout, Fort Delaware, Camp Chase, Camp Douglas, Camp Morton, and Rock Island. I have previously asked that officers be sent to all prisons where there are no officers confined, and since I am sending to the several prisons in order I renew the application. I would also ask permission to station Brigadier General R. B. Vance, my assistant, in Baltimore, to supply to needy prisoners who may arrive from time to time. Please inform me if I am expected to use revenue stamps on receipts and checks.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

P. S.-Also have the honor to inclose two communications, one to commanding officer Fort Delaware, and one to commanding officer Elmira Depot, which please forward.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. M. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 15, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have to-day, by direction of the Secretary of War, ordered the rebel officers named on the accompanying list* to be forwarded to Colonel Dwight, assistant agent for exchange at New Orleans. They have not heretofore been sent to you, because, as you will notice, the places of capture are not such as are covered by your cartel of July 28, 1864. We have no Captain Thomas Bartlette, but there is a Captain T. J. Bartlett, captured in Mississippi. He may be the person sought, and I therefore send him to you. We have no record of Edward Bisart nor T. L. Moore. There is a Captain W. F. Moore, Price's staff, captured in Arkansas July 22, 1863, and a Captain Charles L. Moore, Company C, Fifteenth Arkansas, captured in Monroe Country, Ark., February 2, 1864, at Johnson's Island, neither of whom seem to be the officer called for.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

* Omitted; embraced in Hoffman to Hill, next, post.

---------------

