
treatment as Captain W. H. Snowden, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, who is said to be held as a hostage for the burning of Letcher's building, treated as a felon, and fed upon bread and water.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners:

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, D. C., January 5, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

Richard T. Jacob,lieutenant-governor of Kentucky,is at the Spotswood House, in Richmond, under an order of General Burbridge not to return to Kentucky. Please communicate leave to him to pass your lines and come to me here at Washington.*

A. LINCOLN.

NEW YORK, January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, 75 Murray Street:

GENERAL: If you will be kind enough to be ready at your office at 1 o'clock this afternoon I will call for you with a carriage. We can go thence to your quarters for your baggage. The tug will lie near the Battery. I beg that you will be ready at the time because the morning is fair and a landing can be easily made at the fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary-General of Prisoner, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I forwarded from these headquarters December 1, 1864, a requisition for clothing for issue to prisoners of war. About December 7 we received a quantity of clothing, partly filling the requisition,which was issued to prisoners. December 12 we received a communication from Brigadier-General Beall,agent for rebel authorities,addressed to prisoners of war at this depot,notifying them of an arrangement between the United States Government and rebel authorities, by which each was to supply its own prisoners with necessary supplies, by which each was to supply its own prisoners with necessary supplies on their arrival. This request was complied with and report forwarded through General Paine December 17. December 14 we received a communication from your office advising us of the fact that, by a mutual agreement between the United States Government and rebel authorities,a large amount of

---------------

*For other correspondence in relation to the arrest and banishment of Jacob see Series I, Vol. XLV, Part II,pp.387, 402, 504.

---------------

