
RICHMOND, February 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I understand from returned prisoners that Private Edwin Harris, Seventh Louisiana, now a prisoner at Point Lookout, was in close confinement for some time at that place. Will you not deliver him under our agreement?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

BALTIMORE, MD., February 15, 1865.

Surg. J. SIMPSON, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Baltimore, Md.:

SURGEON: I have the honor to report that in compliance with your instructions I examined the rebel prisoners who arrived this date from Elmira, N. Y., and found nineteen of the number unable to proceed farther on their journey. They were sent to hospital-eighteen to West's Buildings and one, a case of smallpox, to the Marine Hospital. Three died en route from Elmira to this city in consequence of chronic diarrhea. Their bodies were sent to National Hospital for burial. The deaths of these men soon after leaving hospital and the condition of the men retained here would suggest that there was not a proper medical inspection made of these troops before leaving camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PALMER,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Actg. Medical Inspector, Eighth Army Corps.

[First indorsement.]

MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, February 18, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The inspection made by Surgeon Palmer was by my order (a copy of which is inclosed), and was suggested by the report of the commanding officer of the department that he had a large number of prisoners who were unable to travel. The surgeon in charge of the West Hospital has been instructed to take up on his rolls the names of the men admitted to hospital and state the circumstances under which they were received. Proper care does not appear to have been exercised by the medical officer at Elmira in the examination of the prisoners for transfer, for it is not possible that so short a journey could have brought about the condition in which these sick were found on their arrival at this point.

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

[Inclosure.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, Md., February 15, 1865.

Surg. HENRY PALMER, U. S. Volunteers:

SIR: You will proceed to Bolton Station to superintend the removal of eighty rebel prisoners reported by the officer in charge as just having arrived from Elmira, N. Y., and said to be unable to travel.

