
I am gratified to learn that the U. S. authorities have consented to release Admiral Buchanan, and I shall take pleasure in bringing with me the U. S. naval prisoners now under my control. I shall at the same time be prepared to deliver to you the equivalent for Confederate officers recently delivered at Fort De Russy, and in addition will bring with me a number of U. S. prisoners ample for all such exchanges as are contemplated in your dispatch of January 29.

I beg to inclose you copies of several communications recently received and have to regret that a majority of them relate to the cruel treatment of Confederate prisoners.*

I have the honor to inclose you communications from Lieutenant-General Buckner to Major-General Canby, commanding, &amp;c.*

Your recent communications contain nothing further in relation to the exchange of Generals Marmaduke and Cabell. I nevertheless indulge the hope that the efforts of Major-General Canby to secure their delivery may prove successful, and that you will be prepared at an early day to announce the readiness of the United States Government to effect their exchange. I shall also bring with me fifty bales of cotton furnished by Confederate Government, the proceeds of which I beg may be applied to the purpose of alleviating the physical discomforts of such prisoners from the State of Louisiana as may now be held by the U. S. authorities.

With the hope of meeting you on the day fixed and being, with your co-operation, able to add to the well being of both Confederate and U. S. prisoners,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Department.

RICHMOND, February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General W. M. GARDNER,

Acting Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: If not incompatible with military interests I will thank you to have forwarded to Richmond for delivery the following Federal prisoners, to wit: Colonel W. H. Noble, at Macon, Ga.; Private John O'Neil, Maryland regiment, at Salisbury; Mr. Moore (sutler's clerk, I think), at Salisbury; Captain C. B. Amory, Columbia; Lieutenant H. V. Weyde, Danville; Lieutenant Waldron, Danville; Captain McChesney, Second New York Rifles, Richland Jail, S. C.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

Brigadier-General Brandon, relative to the militia captured in Vicksburg, their detention in parole camp, exchange, &c.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 15, 1865.

Returned. Although an order requiring these men to report at parole camp has been in existence for a year and a half, very few have done so. They are not in service simply because they do not want to

---------------

* Not found as inclosures and not otherwise identified.

---------------

