
CITY POINT, VA., February 16, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

Our prisoners in the South will probably be delivered to us as fast as they can be got through without reference to the number received from us. To expedite this delivery I have authorized those west of the Mississippi to be delivered at any point on the river, those in the southwest at Mobile, and those in North Carolina at Wilmington or Richmond. Their equivalents will be delivered on the James River. Please notify Canby and Schofield of this and direct them to receive all prisoners delivered to them. Canby had letter send all that are delivered on the Mississippi to Benton Barracks to be paid and furloughed. Those received at Mobile can be sent either there or to Annapolis, according to the direction transports may be taking at the time of their delivery. Schofield of course will send all he receives to Annapolis.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 16, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Fort Fisher, N. C.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Grant directs that you will receive all Union prisoners delivered to you for exchange and send them to Annapolis, Md.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[FEBRUARY 16, 1865.-For Grant to Thomas, relating to exchange of prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part I, p. 725.]

CITY POINT, February 16, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD:

In arranging to receive prisoners at Wilmington, agree to receive none there but those who are physically able to bear a sea voyage on ordinary transports. All the sick and disabled should be brought to the James River for delivery.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

75 MURRAY STREET, New York, February 16, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, U. S. Volunteers, Present:

GENERAL: On yesterday I made application to General Hunt for authority to station my assistant, Brigadier General R. B. Vance, at Baltimore, Md., to issue supplies to needy prisoners who from time to time arrive there. As the general gave me no direct authority, will you please reply to the communication? I send all communications that have come for you and been turned over to me for my information.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

