
cotton had been shipped for New York to be sold, the proceeds to be applied to the purchase of clothing for prisoners of war, and that in view of this fact it was not deemed advisable to provide any more clothing for prisoners than was absolutely demanded by the ordinary dictates of humanity. December 18 we received a communication from your office directing that, in pursuance of the arrangement between the United States and rebel authorities, commanding officers of military prisons will afford every necessary and proper facility for the purpose upon the request of Brigadier-General Paine. We have heard nothing further in relation to the subject since. A number of prisoners will soon be destitute of trousers and other articles of clothing. There are still due upon requisition of December 1 1,000 jackets, 2,500 shirts, 3,000 pair trousers, 8,000 drawers, 4,000 boots, 7,000 socks, 1,500 caps,and I would respectfully request that these amounts of jackets,trousers, shirts, bootees, socks, caps,and 4,000 pair of drawers be furnished immediately for issue to prisoners, unless the Department is advised that supplies will be speedily forwarded by the rebel authorities.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 7, 1865.

respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General and attention invited to the statement of commanding officer of the prison camp at Elmira, N. Y. The delay in the arrival of rebel cotton renders it necessary to issue clothing to prisoners of war in our hands during the inclemency of winter.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 14, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Wessells with information that the requisition referred to within was not received at this office, office for such articles as in his opinion should be sent to the prisoners of war at Elmira.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Colonel, Quartermaster's Department.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 5, 1865.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to acknowledge the receipt of your inspection report for the week ending December 25,1 864, and to inform you that if cases of smallpox continue to multiply you are authorized, after consultation with the proper

