
power to enable me to carry out the arrangement. I visited those cities for the purposes of examining the market and to make purchases.

A few days since a large number of packages, principally tobacco, arrived via flag of truce for the prisoners and are being sent toward as fast as possible. My assistant adjutant-general, Captain Beall Hempstead, who is prisoner of war at Johnson's Island, could be of great assistance to me, and I respectfully ask that an arrangement be made that will permit his being paroled and permitted to join me at this place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

CITY POINT, VA., February 17, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I am told that prisoners coming from the North to be exchanged inquire particularly about the privileges extended to deserters under the provisions of Special Orders, Numbers 3, of January 4, 1865, from these headquarters. Would it not be well to have the order circulated at all the prison camps?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 18, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General to issue the order.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 27, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, with fifty copies of Special Orders, Numbers 3,* to carry out the wishers of the General-in-Chief.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN:

Please forward as soon as possible all rebel prisoners who are or have been in close confinement or in irons for special exchange for the same class of prisoners in the South.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., February 17, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, Commanding, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The inclosed papers, with your indorsement of 21st ultimo,+ have just reached me from Fort Monroe, to which point they had been

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 828.

+ See p. 109.

---------------

