
addressed. The Secretary of War desires that the arrangements for exchange within your command, which had been agreed upon but were interrupted by order from Lieutenant-General Grant or from the Department itself, be carried out under your direction, care being taken that more men shall not be delivered by us than shall be received. I take this occasion to remark that, so far as I am informed, the interruption above referred to resulted from a suggestion of an expressed wish on the part of Major-General Butler, who desired to have the exclusive control of the submit of exchange, with which, as he alleged, the action of other officers, not acting under his immediate orders, interfered. The Executive, with a view of allowing General Butler the fullest trial of his ability in the matter of exchanges, conceded everything to his wishes. But with all power that was given to him he was unable to accomplish any desirable results, the rebel authorities persistently refusing to hold any communication with him, and the only business that has been done on the subject of exchanges, apparently by General Butler, was accomplished through Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford, with whom Mr. Ould, the rebel commissioner, was willing to correspond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: Arrangements have been made for a general exchange of prisoners, and those now at Fort Delaware will be forwarded to City Point from time to time as transportation can be provided. None will be included who do not wish to be exchanged, and none against whom there are any special charges or who are held as guerrillas unless specially ordered.

Please observe the instructions heretofore given in reference to forwarding prisoners for exchange. The transportation will be furnished by orders from the Quartermaster-General's Office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Commodore Buchanan is not imprisoned at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. ALLEN,

Major, Second U. S. Artillery, Commanding Post.

[FEBRUARY 17, 1865.-For Whipple to Wilson and Thomas to Forrest, relative to exchange of prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part I, pp. 735, 736.]

