
CHARLOTTE, February 17, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER MILITARY PRISON:

Has any of the prisoners from Florence arrived? Please answer.

H. FORNO,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

Captain BOOTH:

CAPTAIN: I have just received this. Will you answer it, or shall I?

JOHN H. GEE,

Major, &c.

GOLDSBOROUGH, February 17, 1865.

Major PARKER:

Please inform me what disposition shall be made of the prisoners coming on to-day. I have no troops here to guard them.

Respectfully,

L. S. BAKER,

Brigadier-General.

WILMINGTON, February 17, 1865.

Brigadier General L. S. BAKER, Goldsborough:

I have no information of intention to locate prisoners in your district.

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Aide-de-Camp.

SALISBURY, N. C., February 17, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at Charlotte on the 11th instant of letter of instructions of February 10, from Colonel R. H. Chilton, inclosing a communication from His Excellency the Governor of North Carolina to the Honorable Secretary of War, in regard to the suffering condition of the Federal prisoners at this post, and directing me to make an immediate inspection of the prison and full report of the subject. I have the honor to state that acting under my previous general instructions of December 5, 1864, and January 19, 1865. I included the condition of the military prison and treatment of the prisoners of war there confined in the general inspection of the post, in which I was engaged from the 1st to the 10th of February, and the results of my observations would have been immediately forwarded to the Department but for the fact that the post commander, Brigadier General Bradley T. Johnson, happened to be absent from the post during the whole time of my inspection, and I deemed it not less in accordance with the spirit of my instructions than the dictates of military propriety to withhold my report until I should have an opportunity of conferring with him upon the subject and of ascertaining how far it might be in his power to remedy the evils found to exist. Pending his return I was engaged in an inspection of the post of Charlotte, but immediately upon the receipt of Colonel Chilton's letter returned to this place, and on the 16th instant made a second inspection of the prison in company with General Johnson. The results of my two visits in company with General Johnson. The results of my two visits of inspection are respectfully submitted as follows:

I made three visits of inspection to the prison-January 31, in company with Major Mason Morfit, prison quartermaster; February 1, in

