
medical authorities, to put up temporary buildings for the isolation of that class of patients. Place it within the inclosure, if practicable, but if circumstances require it to be established outside it should be suitably guarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS

WEST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Nashville, Tenn., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Com. General of Prisoners East of the Mississippi, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The rebel wounded prisoners in the hospitals at this place and at Franklin are much in want of clothing suitable for sick men, and if it is thought advisable to consider their wants so far, I would suggest that General Beall be notified accordingly. In the belief that arrangements for the supplying of clothing to rebel prisoners in our hands by the rebel authorities have been completed, and in pursuance of what I understand to be the views of the Secretary of War, I have directed that no clothing, including blankets, shall be issued to prisoners forwarded from this city since my arrival.

I am,general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General and Com. General of Prisoners West of the Miss.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF EAST TENN.,

Knoxville, Tenn., January 5, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd ultimo in regard to the arrangements entered into between the rebel General Vaughn and myself for the exchange and release of citizen prisoners from East Tennessee. The fifth article was intended, as you supposed, simply as a local agreement confined to East Tennessee in its operations, and not as a political,national act. I considered it to be in keeping with the letter and spirit of the President's amnesty proclamation, as the rebel sympathizers to be affected by it (those who voluntarily abandoned their homes in East Tennessee) are simply permitted to return to them and remain so long as they conduct themselves peaceably and comply with the requirements of the authorities, one of which is (if they would secure protection) to take in good faith, for the purpose of restoring peace and establishing the national authority, the amnesty oath of the 8th of December, 1863. It was expressly stated in conversation with General Vaughn and fully understood, that the United States Government would not suspend action in cases where parties were indicted for treason, nor was our agreement to interfere with any trials pending in the civil courts. Many of our friends, from fear of arrest and maltreatment by the rebel troops, have been in the habit of leaving their homes and of seeking protection within our lines on every retrograde movement of our forces. It is desirable to secure to them, if possible,immunity from arrest in

