
duty. Orders and instructions upon this subject, issued from time to time, are hereto annexed.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., February 18, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 15th instant, with inclosure, calling my attention to the fact that advantage is being taken by General Beall, Confederate agent, of the recent agreement between Judge Ould and myself to supply rebel prisoners with new uniforms and blankets, is received.

The arrangement for the relief of prisoners of war was made at a time when exchanges could not be made, and under it I see no way to prevent rebel prisoners from being clothed. Having, however, a very large excess of prisoners over the enemy, we can in making exchanges select those who have not been furnished with new clothing or blankets. By this means but a very limited number of rebel soldiers will be returned with new uniforms.

Should it become necessary prisoners for exchange can be required to turn their blankets over to their comrades who remain.

Please give orders to General Hoffman accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 20, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brevet Brigadier-General Hoffman.

The Secretary of War directs that the recommendations of Lieutenant-General Grant be carried out.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 18, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF THE NAVY:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo, recommending that certain persons captured in McIntosh County, Ga., be returned to Admiral Dahlgren to be exchanged for sick and wounded seamen whose terms of service have expired, having been referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners with directions to comply with the request, is returned by him with the report that it is impossible to identify these parties on the records of his office unless their names are given. Whenever this information is furnished immediate measures will be taken to send the prisoners in question to Admiral Dahlgren.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

C. A. DANA.

---------------

*Omitted here. See Orders War Department, dated February 14, 1862, Vol. II, this series, p. 221; February 27, 1862, ibid., p. 249; July 31, 1863, Vol. IV, p. 343; September 8, 1862, ibid., p. 497; Stanton to Todd, August 22, 1862, ibid., p. 416; Turner to Galloway, November 5, 1862, ibid., p. 690.

---------------

17 R R - SERIES II, VOL VIII

