
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 18, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army, City Point:

The only prisoner in irons at Johnson's Island is a citizen prisoner, Thomas F. Berry, who was so confined last night for killing a prisoner of war, Lieutenant H. Morgan. Shall Berry be tried by commission or sent forward for exchange?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CITY POINT, VA., February 18, 1865-6 p. m.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Thomas F. Berry, now in confinement at Johnson's Island for the murder of Morgan, a prisoner of war, may be tried where he is.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

37 BLEECKER STREET, New York, February 18, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff U. S. Army:

GENERAL: General Beall informs me that the officer commanding Fort McHenry has suggested to him that it might be convenient to make a depot of clothing at Baltimore for distribution to rebel prisoners in transit to our prisons, and asks leave to send General Vance thither to attend personally to such distribution. It is obvious that the method adopted at the prisons of intrusting this duty to officers confined in them is impracticable at Baltimore, the prisoners being all transient.

I respectfully recommend that this request be granted, and am of the opinion that no harm will result from permitting General Vance to deliver the clothing directly to the prisoners in the presence of our officer, but if that is deemed inadmissible he can be instructed to avoid personal intercourse with the prisoners.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 18, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that from the 25th of November, 1864, up to the 7th of February, 1865, both days inclusive, there have been delivered on parole at or near Aiken's Landing and at Savannah, Ga., to Lieutenant-General Mulford, agent for exchange, the following officers and enlisted men of the Federal Army:

232 non-commissioned officers, equivalent to......... 464

1,045 privates, equivalent to....................... 1,045

