
In addition to the usual parole-rolls send with them a history of each case, to be delivered to the commanding officer at Point Lookout.

Please report to this office the names, charges, &amp;c., of such prisoners at the Old Capitol as will be forwarded under this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 18, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel BURKE, Commanding Fort Lafayette, N. Y.:

By order of Lieutenant-General Grant, send Commodore Buchanan, on parole for exchange, to City Point via Baltimore. Send an officer with him, who will report their arrival at City Point to General Patrick, provost-marshal-general. They must not delay by the way, and Commodore Buchanan must communicate with no person. Reply.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Copy to Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East, New York.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 18, 1865.

Major H. A. ALLEN, Commanding Fort Warren, Boston Harbor:

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Grant, you will send all rebel prisoners who are or have been in close confinement or in irons to Point Lookout for exchange. Send history of each case with rolls. Reply.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to commanding officers of all military prisons.)
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, February 18, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to a subject intimately connected with the matter of exchange, and respectfully ask to be informed what, if any, assurance can be given to those prisoners of war who desire to take the oath of amnesty rather than to be exchanged. They naturally desire definite information as to their prospect of release if they accept the first named course. this I am unable at present to give, and I respectfully ask whether the refusal to be exchanged in cases where the corroborative evidence is satisfactory will be considered as a proof of a sincere desire to become a loyal citizen and insure to the applicant the benefit of the amnesty proclaimed by His Excellency the President.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

No action at present.

