
on the subject were received through the chief of the Signal Bureau on last Tuesday night or Wednesday morning (the 15th), one from the War Department at Washington, the other from General Grant, asking for information in relation to the mission of Lieutenant Davis, the nature of his business, the character of his papers, &amp;c. I am sure you will sympathize with my anxiety to know if there was any connection between those communications and my joint letter on Lieutenant Davis' behalf to Mr. Assistant Secretary of War, C. A. Dana, and the managing editor of the New York Tribune, Mr. S. H. Gay, which letter you had the goodness to forward on the night of Saturday, the 11th, through General Lee and General Grant. I presume the dates and signatures of the communications from Washington and General Grant would show if there is any such connection, as there certainly seems to be, between the inquiries made in those communications and the assurances contained in my letter of personal intercession.

Hoping that I may not appear presumptuous in respectfully asking that my anxiety on this subject may be relieved,

I have the honor to be, sir, most respectfully and faithfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PALMER,

Signal Office.

[Indorsement.]

Have no information on the subject.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 18, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Wilmington, N. C.:

All prisoners of war, not officers, from South Carolina are to be exchanged at Wilmington as soon as they arrive. Detail an officer to superintend the operation. Give directions that they be forwarded to you.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 18, 1865.

General B. BRAGG, Wilmington, N. C.:

Detain* the prisoners in Wilmington who are there. Recall any who have been sent off. Open correspondence with the enemy in regard to deliveries. Complete arrangements are made as to all the South Carolina prisoners.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

COMPANY SHOPS, February 18, 1865.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I find the enemy's prisoners being transported from Raleigh to Salisbury, and have assumed the responsibility of ordering them to Richmond. It would be well for the War Department to repeat the order.

---------------

*In copy as received by Bragg it reads "Deliver."

---------------

