
think the faithful manner in which we observed our paroles both in France and England will be a sufficient guarantee for us here.

Very respectfully,

MILES J. FREEMAN,

Chief Engineer of the C. S. Steamship Alabama, C. S. Navy.

BENJ. P. McCASKEY,

Boatswain, C. S. Navy.

BRISTOL, TENN., February 19, 1865.

Honorable JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE, Richmond, Va.:

You will pardon me for addressing you direct on official business. Inclosed you find a letter from provost-marshal-general at Knoxville.* The prisoners have arrived, also Hall and Plumblee, which makes seventeen in all. Now I must insist that seven Union citizen prisoners be forwarded to me immediately to give for these - man for man; then Seth lea, to exchange for W. W. Wallace, who they still hold at Knoxville; but I think my Government should send all citizen prisoners to me to be exchanged. But I shall be satisfied with eighteen to exchange for those lately sent here. I have commenced the arrest of Union citizens as hostages for all those arrested since General Carter's agreement and mine, and shall continue to arrest man for man as they continue to do so.

My command is increasing every day. We are receiving some supplies in the way of clothing. We are determined to fight it out, and doing all that we can to put our command under good discipline for the spring campaign. General Echols is very industrious and doing all he can.

We have been looking for an advance of the enemy for several days, but no advance as yet.

Anything you can do for Judge Barton will be thankfully remembered by us in this end of the department.

I would be glad to hear from you at any time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 2, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Judge Ould.

It is presumed that the arrangement effected with the Federal commander as to exchange of all citizen prisoners will avoid the necessity of sending prisoners to General Vaughn.

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MARCH 5, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

I expect to deliver by the next boat that goes down all the civilians who are now in confinement. They have been all ordered here for that purpose. To send them to Bristol would not only delay their release, but I think break the effect of the movement. I wish to have the

---------------

*See Trowbridge to Vaughn, February 8, p. 196.

---------------

