
[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,

Mobile, October 15, 1864.

The following-named negroes are employed by engineer corps at Mobile, Ala. The owners are notified in order to receive the pay due them. * * *

"The names of 575 men and of their alleged owners, with residences of the latter, are entered in this order."

* * * *

By command of Major General D. H. Maury:

GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff.

U. S. IRON-CLAD CHICKASAW,

Off Mobile, January 5, 1865.

[Major JAMES E. MONTGOMERY:]

MAJOR: Your communication of yesterday is just received, 5 p.m. The delay in sending the cotton through the obstructions has been explained by the authorities at Mobile to the senior naval officer here at two different times by flag of truce. The first time, under date of December 29 ultimo, he stated that the wind (a violent norther) had so lowered the water that the vessel on which the cotton was loaded could not go through the obstructions, and that as soon as high water returned he should send out the cotton. Yesterday another communication was received from General Maury stating that the vessel on which the cotton was loaded had got aground, and that if she was not got off very soon the cotton was loaded had got aground, and that if she was not got off very soon the cotton would be transferred to another vessel and carried through the obstructions and delivered in accordance with the stipulations. General Maury stated his regret at the delay, and the naval officers here have no doubt that the reasons stated by General Maury are true. There is a high tide this p.m. and the naval officers here state to me their belief that the rebel steamer will be got off, as we can see her plainly, and heavy clouds of smoke indicate a vigorous attempt to get her off.

So far as I can judge, I have no doubt that the delay has been unavoidable on the part of the rebel authorities, and that they are as anxious to get out the cotton as I am to have them.

The communication from the major-general regarding the horses taken from Sand Island has been received, and the directions therein contained shall be complied with, as well as the matter in New York written me about by him.

I shall be prompt in keeping you informed of my progress.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

FRANK G. NOYES,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

NEW YORK, January 5, 1865.

Colonel ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that by direction of the Secretary of War my parole has been suspended and I am to be placed in Fort Lafayette as a prisoner of war till the arrival of the cotton from Mobile, when my parole will be renewed and I will enter upon the business as agreed upon between General Grant and you. I feel confident

