
and spirit of our agreement, entered into in November at New Market, which can be illustrated only by the release of all citizen prisoners now in your custody and by ceasing to make any such arrests in future, I will gladly not only discharge all we hold, but will throw full and inviolable protection around all Union citizens in the same manner.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier General, Commanding Cav., Dept. of East Tenn. and Southwest Va.

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Mobile, February 20, 1865.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, Agent of Exchange, New Orleans:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I have at my disposal for purpose of exchange some fifty-six prisoners belonging to General Canby's command, whom I am desirous of exchanging for a like number of the prisoners whom General Canby holds in New Orleans or on Ship Island, not embraced in agreements already made. I am informed that you hold as prisoners of war the following prisoners and men, whom I would request you to embrace in the exchange, viz: Captain Henry Pope, assistant quartermaster, captured near Pollard; Lieutenant Hugh L. Davis, aide-de-camp to General Hodge, C. S. Army, captured in the late raid by General Lee, U. S. Army, and now on Ship Island; Captain J. E. Mooney, Company C, Weatherby's battalion sharpshooters, captured in East Louisiana, now, I think, on Ship Island; private Paul W. Collins, now on Ship Island; Mr. E. Montgomery, a citizen, captured near the Mississippi River, traveling on private business; F. M. Hash, B. C. Wood, and --- Bruce and T. J. Stevens, privates, all belonging to Gibson's Company F, late Lay's regiment of cavalry, captured in East Louisiana; Private R. F. Burion, Captain Amos', company cavalry, captured in raid on Pollard; Mr. Manuel Palmer, a citizen taken at Pollard.

I would also propose to exchange the officers and men who were captured in the late raids in West Florida, and whom you still hold in your department.

If you think it necessary or useful for the purpose of facilitating the exchanges proposed that we should have a personal conference, I will be ready to meet you in Mobile Bay, in the neighborhood of the upper fleet, some distance below the obstructions, at any time which you may designate.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CURELL,

Major and Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 20, 1865.

Colonel FORNO, Charlotte, N. C.:

Send the able-bodied prisoners, including officers, to Wilmington.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

