
[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 20, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major Cameron, chief quartermaster.

The prisoners are ordered to this point by the War Department, and transportation must be afforded.

By order, &amp;c.:

FRANCIS S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA,

Wilmington, February 20, 1865.

Captain Grainger will immediately communicate with the railroad authorities and inform them that the prisoners and public stores must come forward at once. It is understood that there is ample means of transportation for both.

JNO W. CAMERON,

Major and Chief Quartermaster.

[Third indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to Major Cameron.

Captain Drane has gone on this morning, and he promised everything should come on at once. I have telegraphed Mr. Grice.

J. B. GRAINGER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

EXCHANGE BUREAU, Richmond, February 20, 1865.

Captain John C. Rutherford, assistant adjutant-general, has been directed to proceed to the South for the purpose of providing for the delivery of such Federal prisoners as are in Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, at Mobile. He will deliver them to the Federal commander near that place in pursuance of an agreement made between the U. S. authorities and myself. If it is impracticable to deliver them at Mobile, such point near to the same as may be convenient can be selected, with the assent of the Federal military authorities at such place. Only able-bodied persons are to be sent under this arrangement. He will use his best judgment as to invalids, sending them here when it is practicable. It is desirable, however, to deliver as many as he can at Mobile, of such as can well bear transportation. This arrangement is intended to include such Federal prisoners as are in the custody of military commanders in the field.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WYTHEVILLE, VA., February 20, 1865.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The lively sense that since the event we have entertained of the kindness and courtesy shown us by Major-General Stoneman on the occasion of our capture by the U. S. forces under his command at Bristol, Tenn., on the morning of the 14th of December last, makes all the deeper our regret that he should have by unworthy impugning in his communication to you our honor as gentlemen, destroyed the favorable impression then created. Since he has thought proper to descend from

