
attached had we remained even longer than we did. We have acted in good faith and honorably attempted to comply with the intentions of Major-General Stoneman's courtesy, and can but regret the parole he gave us and the course our Government has forced us to take regarding it has given occasion to that high functionary to threaten less suavity to Confederate officers under similar circumstances of capture in the future.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. GILLESPIE,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

WILLIAM JOHNSON,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

G. S. FEENY,

Second Lieutenant, Provisional Army, C. S.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,

Numbers 17. New York City, February 21, 1865.

I. The following general order will replace General Orders, Numbers 14, from these headquarters:

II. Before a military commission which convened at Fort Lafayette, N. Y. Harbor, and at New York City, by virtue of Special Orders, Nos. 14 and 42, current series, from these headquarters, of January 17 and February 17, 1865, and of which Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren, U. S. Volunteers, is president, was arraigned and tried-

John Y. Beall.

CHARGE I: Violation of the law of war.

Specification 1.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, did, on or about the 19th day of September, 1864, at or near Kelley's Island, in the State of Ohio, without lawful authority, and by force of arms, seize and capture the seam-boat Philo Parsons.

Specification 2.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, did, on or about the 19th day of September, 1864, at or near Middle Bass Island, in the State of Ohio, without lawful authority, and by force of arms, seize, capture, and sink the steam-boat Island Queen.

Specification 3.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, was found acting as a spy at or near Kelley's Island, in the State of Ohio, on or about the 19th day of September, 1864.

Specification 4.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, was found acting as a spy, on or about the 19th day of September, 1864, at or near Middle Bass Island, in the State of Ohio.

Specification 5.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, was found acting as a spy, on or about the 16th day of December, 1864, at or near Suspension Bridge, in the State of New York.

Specification 6.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, being without lawful authority, and for unlawful purposes, in the State of New York, did, in the said State of New York, undertake to carry on irregular and unlawful warfare, as a guerrilla, and, in the execution of said undertaking, attempt to destroy the lives and property of the peaceable and unoffending inhabitants of said State, and of persons therein traveling, by throwing a train of cars, and the passengers in said cars, from the railroad track, on the railroad between Dunkirk and Buffalo, by placing obstructions across the said track.

All this in said State of New York, and on or about the 15th day of December, 1864, at or near Buffalo.

CHARGE II: Acting as a spy.

Specification 1.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, was found acting as a spy, in the State of Ohio at or near Kelley's Island, on or about the 19th day of September, 1864.

Specification 2.- In this, that John Y. Beall, a citizen of the insurgent State of Virginia, was found acting as a spy, in the State of Ohio, on or about the 19th day of September, 1864, at or near Middle Bass Island.

