
will be remembered that with the windows close it is an utter impossibility from without on the post occupied by the guard to discriminate between parties inside the window. An officer of the hospital or attendant while on duty in the ward is just as likely to become the victim as a prisoner. The fact that the orders as understood by the guard and that claimed as coming from the commanding officer of the prison conflict so much in their essential wording and construction demonstrates a laxity of discipline, an unpardonable and barbarous recklessness of life and limb, demanding a speedy and signal reformation. I have the honor to inclose report of Captain Allen's orders, &amp;c.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. REX,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., February 23, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Colonel Gust. Heinrichs, superintendent and inspector of military prisons, Saint Louis, Mo.

These instructions to guards are approved. Colonel Heinrichs will report, upon examination, whether the guard, in his opinion, fired without orders and without sufficient reason.

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR MILITARY PRISONS,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 2, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Colonel J. H. Baker, provost-marshal-general.

The guard seems, from all that I can learn, to have fired without good cause; but in exoneration it must be added that there seemed to be a misunderstanding in regard to the instructions received by the sentinel from the sergeant of the guard.

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Superintendent and Inspector of Military Prisons.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE GRATIOT STREET MILITARY PRISON,

Saint Louis, Mo., February 22, 1865.

Major GEORGE REX,

Surgeon in Charge U. S. General Prison Hospital:

MAJOR: In reply to your communication of this date I have the honor to report that the following instructions are given to the sentinels in the alley in the rear of this prison:

No prisoners are allowed to stand at or sit in the windows at night.

If a prisoner works on the bars of the windows, and does not leave at the command, the sentinel will fire at him.

The sentinel will not allow any communications, such as letters, papers, signs, &c., to be passed to the prisoners.

If a prisoner tries to break out, over, or through the fences, or in any other way, the sentinel will shoot him.

The sentinel will give alarm immediately in case a fire should break out in or near the prison.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. ALLEN,

Captain, Fortieth Missouri Infantry, Commanding Prison.

