
with the ration be not required. It has been found practically impossible to reserve this hospital exclusively for prisoners of war, although every effort has been made to do so since it was assigned as a prison hospital.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 23, 1865.

Captain R. C. ALLEN,

Commanding Gratiot Street Prison, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: It is my particular desire that the following-named prisoners, now confined in Gratiot Prison, be placed in separate apartments, so that they can neither see nor converse with each other: Edward Fraxer, John G. Parks, Colonel Fletcher and son, Mr. Noland, Joseph Dillon, William Hillard, Hardy Miller, Henry Thorwegan. Should you be unable to comply with my request you will immediately notify this office, when I will have quarters prepared in Myrtle for those you cannot accommodate. I also desire a strict watch to be kept upon Frazer and Parks.

Very respectfully,

J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 12. Wilmington, N. C., February 23, 1865.

I. In accordance with the arrangements made by the proper authorities, a large number of prisoners of war will be received from the enemy for exchange at the crossing of Northeast Cape Fear River, on the Goldsborough road. Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. Abbott is hereby appointed special agent to receive and receipt for all prisoners who may be delivered to him.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HOKE'S DIVISION, February 23, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,Commanding U. S. Forces, Wilmington:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copy of a communication* from Lieutenant Colonel John E. Mulford, U. S. Army, assistant agent for the exchange of prisoners, dated 16th instant, in reference to the delivery of Federal prisoners of war at Wilmington.

I am here to carry into effect this agreement on the part of the Confederate authorities, and propose to deliver you without delay, at such practicable point as you may designate, about 10,000 Federal prisoners

---------------

*See p. 238.

---------------

