
of war. I suggest, as the most convenient and practicable point for this purpose, the railroad bridge over Northeast River. I am ready to meet any representative of the U. S. authorities you may appoint, to make the necessary arrangements for the prompt delivery of these prisoners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. HATCH,

C. S. Assistant Agent of Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Wilmington, N. C., February 23, 1865.

Major General R. F. HOKE, Commanding C. S. Forces:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you, in reply to your communication of the 22nd instant, that I will receive the prisoners of war whom you may have to deliver at the crossing of Northeast Cape Fear River, on the main road from Wilmington to Goldsborough. Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. Abbott, U. S. Army, is appointed special agent to receive and receipt for the prisoners and will meet your agent at the point designated.

For the reasons stated in your communication, I respectfully request that the prisoners may be delivered as soon as practicable. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

(Same, mutatis mutandis, to W. H. Hatch.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Wilmington, N. C., February 23, 1865.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Provisional Forces near Northeast Cape Fear River:

GENERAL: Stores are being sent out in charge of a commissary to issue to our prisoners (expected to arrive) near your encampment. The major-general commanding desires that you arrange to have troops of your command cook the rations for the prisoners, that they may have food as soon as possible after delivery into our hands. It is found impracticable to get rations cooked in any other way. It is trusted the troops on the spot will cheerfully do all in their power to alleviate the sufferings of these men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS, February 23, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Where do you wish prisoners conveyed? They should be exchanged as soon as possible. If conveyed by rail, interferes with supplies. They must march. Officers should be separated from men, and might be transported by railroad.

R. E. LEE.

