HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, January 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 1, 1865:

Conduct-very good. Cleanliness-very good. Clothing-good. Bedding-iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillows. State of quarters-very good. State of mess-houses-cleanly. State of kitchen-cleanly. Food, quality of-very fair. Food, quantity of-circular of June 1, 1864, complied with. Water-excellent (Croton). Sinks-cleanly. Police of grounds-excellent. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-no hospital at post; prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton. Attendance of sick-Hospital Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning. Hospital diet-none at post. General health of prisoners-very good. Vigilance of guard-guards vigilant, prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions. There are fifty-four prisoners confined at this post, consisting of prisoners of war and state. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent. Everything allowed by existing orders is furnished to them, and a good degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellence of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES STEELHAMMER,

First Lieutenant, Seventeenth U. S. Infty., Post Adjt. and Insp. Office.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received, is strictly carried out.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON,Elmira, N. Y., January 1, 1865.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 1, 1865:

Conduct-much improved. Cleanliness-good, better than it has been. Clothing-very fair. Bedding-I think there is plenty. State of quarters-greatly improved. State of mess-houses-good. State of kitchen-very good. Food, quality of-very fair. Food, quantity of- plenty. Water-abundant. Sinks-fair. Police of grounds-much better than I have ever seen them. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-good,except Ward 7, which was very dirty. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-the very best. General health of prisoners-has improved some. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions.-There are ninety-five cases of smallpox and nine deaths during the week. All clothing has been destroyed belonging to them. There has been a great change in the conduct and cleanliness of the men (for the better), on account of recent orders

