
accumulated. this undertaker has been discharged and a new one appointed. A large number of sick men arrived at the hospital this morning from Salisbury, N. C. I was informed by the surgeon that met them at the depot that forty died on the way here. Thirteen head bodies had already been brought to the hospital while I was there.

Your obedient servant,

J. W. PEGRAM,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

[FEBRUARY 24, 1865. - For correspondence between Lincoln and Grant, relating to the exchange of Roger A. Pryor, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 668.]

CITY POINT, VA., February 24, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD,

Agent of Exchange, Jones' Landing:

You may say to Colonel Ould that by despatches from General Hoffman I learn that all prisoners who have been in close confinement or irons, whether under charges or sentence or not, have been ordered here for exchange. This includes spies, murderers, and persons guilty of whatever offense. I have also sent requesting orders to be made to allow prisoners of war to purchase freely both provisions of all kinds and clothing.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPE, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

It is reported that prisoners of war have been forwarded for exchange from some stations against their wish. Please le all understand that none will be sent for exchange who do not wish to go.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to commanding officers of all military prisons.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 24, 1865.

Colonel F. D. SEWALL, Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.:

COLONEL: Miss Clara Barton, who will hand this to you, desires to be the means of informing the friends of prisoners who have been in the hands of the enemy of their fate, as far as it can be learned by inquiries of those who are now arriving at Annapolis on the parole from the South. Please permit her to post notices in the barracks asking for information concerning such prisoners as she may have occasion to inquire for, and if it is practicable to give her any information from your records without interfering with the necessary course of business,

