
his exercise and comfort if we could put on him the peculiar striped clothing assigned to ordinary prisoners. Would this be permissible? The prison is safe for confinement of prisoners. The cost of a single prisoners is much greater proportionally than the number of ten to twenty, who could be guarded by the same force as one individual.

JNO BORUGH.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 48 Baltimore, Md., February 24, 1865.

* * * * *

2 Prisoners of war en route through this department will not be permitted to communicate with any person except by special permission of the proper officers of the Government. All persons are forbidden to approach the prisoners or to attempt to pass the guards. The officers and soldiers of the guard have no authority to grant indulgences to citizens or prisoners, and will be punished for disobedience of orders if they take such liberty. No one can be ignorant of the fact that all prisoners of war held by the ;United States Government are liberally provided for; therefore offerings in the shape of food or luxuries are superfluous and unnecessary, and will be construed as a manifestation of sympathy with those in rebellion cease. This order is not issued as a threat, but to warn those disloyal people who have made it necessary ro resort to extreme measures that the orders of the Government will be enforced, and all persons violating said orders will be arrested and imprisoned without regard to sex or condition.

* * * * *

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 24 and 27, 1865. - For correspondence between Sherman and Hampton, relative to treatment of foraging paries, see Series I Vol. XLVII, Part II, pp. 546, 567, 596.]

HEADQUARTERS, February 24, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: My dispatches of yesterday will have informed you of the substance of a letter received from General Grant relative to his reception of prisoners at Wilmington. I hope therefore the arrangement made will be completed. I do not know from what point the prisoners sent to that place were taken, or by what routes they are conveyed. I fear if I commence giving direction as desired by your letter of 22d, without understanding existing arrangements, I might produce confusion. If I could get a point to commence from and knew where the prisoners were required, it would prevent embarrassment. The conveyance of prisoners should not interrupt necessary supplies for the army, and if the whole was put in the hands of one man it could easily be arranged.

