
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., February 25, 1865.

Major-General PALMER, Louisville, Ky.:

Send Colonel Breckinridge under secure guard to the State prison at Columbus, Ohio, which has been made a military prison, to be confined there until further orders, and make a full report in writing of all the facts in relation to him to Adjutant-General Townsend.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, February 5, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have ordered Sergeant Boyd, prisoner at Fort McHenry, whose delivery is ordered at the request of Mr. Ould, to be forwarded, though he is under sentence to be confined during the war.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Under General Orders, Numbers 6, January 18, and your telegram of the 17th isntant, all rebel prisoners in close confinement or in irons have been ordered to be forwarded for exchange. This embraces soldiers and citizens, spies, murderers, guerrillas, &amp;c. A history of each case is sent with them, so that exceptions can be made if deemed advisable. From your telegram of the 23rd I judge that uou did not intend your order to have such a general bearing. If so, they may be stopped at City Point.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

VARINA, February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch in regard to prisoners in close confinement and privilege of purchase for prisoners received. I will communicate the information to Mr. Ould.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 25, 1865.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: The inspection report of Colonel Heinrichs on the condition of the Gratiot Street Prison for the week ending February 23 is received. Clothing of prisoners of war is now being furnished by the rebel authorities, and for what is required at the Gratiot Street Prison you will make requisition through General H. E. Paine or General Beall, rebel agent, in New York. At this time there are but feww prisoners at Alton, and you will immediately forward to the military prison at that place all the prisoners of war except those in hospital who cannot be moved at the Gratiot Street Prison, and you will send there all

