
who may be received from time to time until there are as many at Alton as can be provided for there. Under no circimstances will prisoners be employed in confidential positions as clerks, &amp;c., or be placed in authority anywhere. They may be employed as cooks, nurses, and policemen, but always under the suspervision of some one appointed for the purpose. The employment of a prisoner as clerk or steward in the hospital must not be permitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF EAST TENN.,

Knoxville, Tenn., February 25, 1865.

Brt. Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call you attention to the case of Captain Shadrick Harris, Third East Tennessee Cavalry (Union), now held by the rebel authorities under the following circimstances: He was enrolled as a conscript by them, but never ordered to report. After entering our service he was captured in the Sanders raid more than two years ago. He was tried by the rebel authorities for desertion and sentenced to be shot. The sentence, however, was not carried into execution, but he has been confined in irons ever since until recently at Columbia. Captain Frank Battle is now held lby us at Fort Delaware as a hostage fro him. I am informed by the father of Captain Harris that President Lincoln has authorized Captain Elliott, who was sentenced to be hung at Nashgville this month, to be exchanged for Captain Harris. General Echols, commanding Department of West Virginia and East Tennesseee, has proposed the exchange of Captain J. P. Sheffey, Eighth Virginia Cavlry, for any officer of our army in their hands of equal rank. I earnestly recommend that the exchange of Captain Haarris for Captain Shaffey be effected if possible, or, if that cannot be done, that some arrangement may be made by which Captain Harris may be treated as a prisoner of war. I commend his case to you as one of peculiar interest and hardship. I am well acquainted with his family. They are among the best Union citizens of this country.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. TROWBRIDGE,

Lieutenant Colonel Tenth Mich. Cav. and Pro. March General of East Tenn.

RICHMOND, February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Sergt. E. E. Patterson, of Morgan's command, is now in Fort Warren. He was in close confinement there for six months and was recenlty released in part compliance with our agreement. He is, however, still retained when he should have been delivered to us.

2. Lieutenant Daniel Davis, Seventeenth Virginia MOunted Infantry, has been at hard labor and is now confined at Fort Warren and is made to clean up the quarters of the officres. This is acase which I have frequently brought to your notice. Lieutenant Davi's hostage has been delivered to you, and I really cannot see any good reason why he has not been surrendered.

