
they could not get down with their boat on account of high water. I had taken their men to a point where I expected to meet the boat. Being disappointed in this, I delivered them through the enemy's picketline.

I think the forwanding of prisoners may be suspended a few days without prejudice to the exchange. What shall I say to Mr. Ould about thereception of our men at Wilmington? Will they be received there now by General Schofield?

I have now on hand here about 2,200 Confederate prisoners, 700 of them sick and wounded.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and U. S. Agent of Exchange.

CITY POINT, VA., February 26, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD, Agent of Exchange:

(Care of General Ord.)

Say to Colonel Ould the prisoners sent to Wilmington will be received, if they have not been already. General Schofield received my orders on the subject after General Hoke proposed to deliver. General Schofield was advancing on the city at the time and could not stop. The notice he received did not say that it was by agreement that prisoners were sent there for delivery, but a proposition to exchange was made to him, or rather he received word that Hoke had 2,500 prisoners which he proposed to exchange. General Schofield sent back in reply that he was not authorized to make exchanges, but he would receive any prisoners that might be delivered. This reply probably never reached General Hoke, as the town was evacuated before it could have got there. About 200 of the prisoners escaped and came within our lines. Whatever the number may be will be credited and the men paroled and furoughed until properly exchanged.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., February 26, 1865.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton, Ind.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending February 25, 1865:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. States of clothing - good. Beding - good. State of quarters - kept as well policed as they can be. State of mess-houses - have none. State of kitchen - good. Food, quality of - first class. Food, quantity of - sufficient, being according to orders. Water - sufficient. Sinks - sufficient for the cold weather. Police of grounds - thorough. Drainage - complete. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - first class. General health of prisoners - improving. Vigilance of guard - strict.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, Inspecting Officer.

