
The three men captured on the Queen of the West are now at work on the steam-boat Doubloon, at Sheverport, La.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK CROCKER,

Acting Volunter Lieutenant, U. S. Navy.

CITY POINT, VA., February 28, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN, Washington:

We will have a large number of prisoners left after exchaning for all we have in the South. Hold all guerrillas and such other prisoners as it will be objectionable to turn loose to the last. When all our prisoners are released a settlement will be made showing how many men we owe, and that number will be delivered only. I am now informed that deliveries are going on at Wilmington at the rate of 2,000 a day.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-Geenral.

CITY POINT, VA., February 28, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD:

(Care General Ord.)

You may send Pryor through with the first prisoners sent off. Speak to him, however, about John Dent, and say to him that he has been promised his freedom so often that I had thought of detaining him until Dent was released. On reflection, however, I thought it better to trust and wait.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, February 28, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received your despatch of the 22nd instant, containing General Lee's statement that I had refused to receive our prisoners. General Lee is mistaken as to the fact. I did not refuse to receive them, lbut replied to General Hoke that I had received no official information of any arrangement by which prisoners were to be delivered. I intended to receive them, if his answer should be satisfactory, wihtout waiting for your instructions. It would have been impossible to have received the prisoners at the time and place named by General Hoke without suspending operations against Wilmington, therefore no unnecessary delay was occasioned by mu waiting for further information before receiving the prisoners. I have also agreed to a proposition from Lieutenant-General Hardee to secure about 1,000 sick and convalescent prisoners from the Department of South Carolina. They are to be sent in on the Manchester road to-morrow.

I inclose herewith copies of all correspondence* with General Hardee, General Hoke, and Colonel Hatch, assistant agent of exchange.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Hoke to Commanding General U. S. Forces, February 19, 22, pp. 268, 290; Schofield to Hoke, February 21, 23, pp. 286, 297; Hatch to Schofield and Schofield to Hatch, February 23, pp. 296, 297; Schofield to Hardee, February 27, p. 315.

---------------

