HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., February 28, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to report that John Overton, a rebel citizen who did reside near this city until about the time of its occupation by the U. S. army, when he abandoned his property and left the State, has returned, having in his possession evidence of having taken the oath of allegiance to the United States Government before the U. S. district court of Kentucky.

I would respectfully inquire whether it is within the intention and meaning of the President's amnesty proclamation to permit such persons to take the oath of allegiance in States other than the one to which they belong. I would respectfully request if such is the intention that in cases of applications being made by rebels desiring to return to this department such applications be referred to me before action being taken thereon and that permission to take the oath and return be granted only upon my recommendation, or what would be still better, that all such cases be referred to me for final action within my own department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS.,

Numbers 25. New Orleans, La., February 28, 1865.

The following-enumerated officers and men, prisoners of war, who were delivered to Colonel C. C. Dwight, agent of exchange for this military division, at Red River Landing, La., on the 25th instant, are hereby declared duly exchanged, viz:

Forty-third Indiana Volunteers: 1 major, 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, 32 non-commissioned officers, and 123 privates.

Thirty-sixth Iowa Volunteers: 2 captains, 4 lieutenants, 45 non-commissioned officers, and 242 privates.

Seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteers: 2 captains, 5 lieutenants, 41 non-commissioned officers, and 233 privates.

Ninth Wisconsin Volunteers: 1 captain, 2 non-commissioned officers, and 12 privates.

Leaves of absence and furloughs may be granted to the foregoing officers and men by the commanding general Department of the Gulf, at the expiration of which they will report to their several regiments for duty.

All the remaining officers and men, prisoners of war, so delivered to Colonel Dwight, who still remain on parole, may also be granted leaves of absence and furloughs, at the expiration of which, unless previously declared exchanged, they will report at Parole Camp, at Benton Barracks, Mo.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

