
exchange up to the 7th and, if possible, to include all of February, embracing deliveries made at Savannah, Charleston, and in James River. Will this be satisfactory? Answer.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Agent of Exchange.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD, Fort Monroe:

General Hoffman suggests that you and Judge Ould may agree to a declaration to include all to a given date. He wishes that of the 7th of February. Then your accounts of delivery will show which party is in debt to the other, which can be adjusted afterward.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

NASHUA, N. H., March 1, 1865.

General HITCHCOCK:

DEAR SIR: The inclosed card from the President I offer you as my introduction, anly adding that the President directed me to request you before taking final action upon the case I am about to present to bring it to his attention and confer with him. You may remember that in the autumn of 1861, by direction of military authorities commanding national forces in Kentucky, the citizens of East Tennessee burned several bridges on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad. Assured of prompt militarary assistance and protection from Kentucky by said authorities, the loyal people of my county (Carter County, East Tenn.), after the successful burning of the bridge over Holston River at Zollicoffer, hastily took up arms and actually came into collision with and routed a force of rebel cavalry. Having thus committed themselves to rebellion against the rebellion, and failing to receive the promised assistance, overwhelming numbers were soon collected and marched upon them, cavalry, infantry, and artillery. the loyal militia dissolved at once and scattered, seeking safety in the mountains, expecting and threatened with the halter without mercy when caught.

Fortunately for the loyal citizens of that region, Colonel (now Brigadier General) R. B. Vance, of the rebel service, at this juncture was put in command of this district. I, with the other Union men, concealed myself in our mountain fastnesses for weeks. I at length received assurances from Colonel Vance if I would report to him he would protect me and all other citizens not shown to be bridgepburners upon quiet submission to the existing power. A company of cut-throat rebel horsemen on the lookout for me, with the avowed intention (as I was credibly informed) of hanging me to a tree of shooting me down on sight, got on my track, came near intercepting me, and pursued me to the very headquarters of Colonel Vance. He most kindly and magnanimously protected me and saved my life. By his moderation and clemency while in the command during these exciting and dangerous troubles I am entirely satisfied that the saved the lives and property of hundreds of my Union fellow-citizens of Carter and surrounding counties. As a rebel brigadier-general this same Colonel Robert B. Vance has been a prisoner of war in our hands for more than a year and is now at Fort Delaware. He is

21 R R - SERIES II, VOL VIII

