
anozious to be paroled and sent through the lines to send his equivalent in exchange, or on failure to return himself to prison. Such a case, it seems to me, general, pleads loudly for special favor to the magnanimity of our authorities, and I feel it to be unnecessary to do more than offer the foregoing simple statement of facts for your consideration and action. Never having been honored with your personal acquaintance, I respectfully refer you in reference to myself to Honorable Andrew Johnson, Honorable Green Clay Smith, and the loyal people of Tennessee, as also to Major General A. E. Burnside. My present address is Longacoming, N. J.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. TAYLOR.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 6, 1865.

Colonel Taylor submitted this note with a card from the President, by which the undersigned understands it to be the wish that this exchange be made, unless there is some public reason why it should not be done, and it is sent accordingly for the action of General Hoffman.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 1, 1865.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware:

The transfer of prisoners to City Point will be resumed, as directed in my telegram of the 23th. Send an ordinary roll to this office on the departure of each party. Guerrillas will not be forwarded until further orders, nor any who are bad characters. Reply.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same, mutatis mutandis, to Colonel B. F. Tracy, Elmira, N. Y.; W. P. Richardson, Camp Chase, Ohio; A. A. Stevens, Camp Morton, Ind.; A. J. Johnson, rock Island, Ill.; B. J. Sweet, Camp Douglas, Ill.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 1, 1865.

Colonel C. W. HILL, Commanding Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio:

COLONEL: By instructions received through the commissioner for exchange you will forward for exchange with next party of prisoners Brigadier General Edmund W. Rucker and the lieutenant-colonel who has been longest in continement, the former to be exchanged for a general officer of the same rank and the latter to be exchanged for Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Grass, Sixty-first Illinois Volunteers, who was paroled at Meridian, Miss., by General Forrest on condition of his effecting the exchange of Colonel E. W. Rucker, wounded and captured at Nashville. Put the names on a roll by themselves and give the above details.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

