
with orders to run them under a "white flag" as often as may be necessary for the purpose as agreed.

The people here are compelled to have corn until they can raise a crop. The trains will be run exclusively to supply them, and [on] no condition whatever are they to be used for military purposes by either Federal or Confederate authority.

As to the prisoners of General Roddey's command, as well as all others belonging to our Army which it may be desired or desirable to deliver in this department, I request them sent to Iuka or any point which may be agreed upon or designated by Lieutenant-General Taylor for the delivery of all prisoners now in this department belonging to the Federal Army.

In regard to the murder of Federal soldiers by guerrillas and the threateed execution of a number of Ferguson's brigade in retaliation, I have nothing to say. I know nothing of the facts and can only forward the papers to General Beauregard, commanding the Military District of the West, for his consideration and action.

The communications in regard to Major Smith, captured at or near Murfreesborough, will receive attention. If retained as a prisoners of war he was doubtless sent forward by General Hood in advance of my command. The papers will be forwarded, and if he is in this department he will be sent to Iuka. All citizens captured by me were released, and although I am not cognizant of any charges against Major Smith, he will either be returned or copies of charges against him forwarded to you, provided there are any.

Assuring you, general, of my willingness and desire to relieve the suffering and alleviate the condition of the soldier in captivity and the wants of the destitute and dependent women and children of the country,

I am, yours, very respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

MERIDIAN, February 23, 1865.

Major General N. B. FORREST:

Receive General Thomas' propositions and sent them here for decision. Make [no] agreement until empowered by the lieutenant-general commanding to do so. He will send you necessary power and instructions as soon as he sees or receives the propositions.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjustant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Commissiioner of Exchange, Shreveport, La.:

COLONEL: Inclosed with his I send you several letters from Second Asst. Engineer Richard Finn, C. S. Navy, from which it will be seen he was captured on board the steamer Alice on this coast in September lst and taken to Fort Taylor, Fla., where with others captured at the same time he is confined and subjected to the harshest treatment, not such as prisoners of war, as they are, have a right to demand.

I write to solicit your kind offices in behalf of these unfortunate men, and to suggest that the Federal authorities be notified of their status in our service, and that they be required to place them on the footing

