
My situation is such, having lost an arm, suffered a fracture of several ribs, and a severe contusion of the shoulder, as to entitle me to precedence in exchange among the sick and disabled, and I am not willing, for the honors of the brevet rank thus imposed, to suffer the hardships of confinement if there is a corrective. Upon this candid statement of facts I rely upon your having me correctly enrolled.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND W. RUCKER,

Colonel. C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES AT JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, March 3, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Bvt. Brigadier General W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The writer's statement that he is advised that "no authority axists here for the alteration or correction of rolls sent here with prisoners" in incorrect. He was informed that the particular alteration he desires cannot be made here for want of evidence to confirm his statements.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADWUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., March 2, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th ultimo, ginig directions concerning the disposal of the rebel prisoners of war in my hands; also your letter of the 21st ultimo, directing that John A. Backer, colonel North Carolina cavalry, a prisoner of war, at Fort Pulaski, Ga., be released on his taking the oath of allegiance to the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., March 2, 1865.

Colonel J. G. PARKHURST,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: Major-General Thomas directs that you make arrangements for the exchange of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Grass, Sixty-first Regiment Illinois Infantry. He was captured by Forrest's command the 15th of last December and paroled by General Forrest for the purpose of procuring a special exchange for Colonel E. W. Rucker, of Forrest's command. Rucker was captured as a brigadier-general and has claimed to be such ever since his capture. Lieutenant-Colonel Grass can be exchanged with other officers sufficient to make up the difference in rank, or he may be exchanged for any Confederate officer of equal rank with himself as you can arrange.

Respectfully, yours,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

