
only kind of boat that could pass the obstructions, to bring the men to Richmond. I got them under shelter at Wilton and got rations ofr them from the commissary. The Torpedo, a small propeller, was sent up by the admiral, the men were put on board and brought to the city. On our way up we were met by the Allison, which had been sent down by you to take them. I agreed to meet Colonel Mulford the following day, which was Sunday, if if met your approbation, at Cox's Wharf by way of the river to make arrangements to bring up the remainder of the men, but it was impossible to get there, the river continuing to rise all the time.

On Monday, at your request, I went by land to Boulware's Wharf and met Colonel Mulford. I stated to him that it was impossible to ger down the river with the boats, and that all of the men he had on his vessels who could walk to Richmond and were willing to do so would be received at that point the next day at 10 o'clock.

Sufficient transportation could not be had for the number he expected to deliver (2,000 men), and whom he represented as being very anxious to come, if the state of the roads had not rendered it totally impracticable to transport them by land. With this understanding he sent notices to all of the vessels he had at Varina that he would deliver such of them as could walk to Richmond the next morning at Boulware's. I went down on Tuesday morning and received 231 officers and 1,386 enlisted men. On getting the men inside of our lines I found that many of them could not make the march to Richmond. I sent a messenger to the officer in command at Chaffin's Bluff to know whether he would receive these men and get Admiral Semmes to send them up in one of his small propellers. He agreed to do so, and I turned back all of them who were within a mile of the bluff. Cooked rations for 2,000 men had been provided and what ambulance transportation I could procure; all of which met me at Cornelius' Run within half a mile of the point at which I turned back the last of the men to Chaffin's. I got all of the men up, the rations were issued to them, and those least able to march were put into the ambulances and wagons. After getting a mile or so I found that there were others who could not march to Richmond that night, and failing to get any transportation from the quartersmasters on the road, I saw the brigade surgeon of Du Bose's brigade and got him to receive in his hospital those whom I thought could not get to town, intending to send for them. I stayed in the rear of the column until they were all within two miles of the city, and had provided for every man whom I thought could not get here that night in good time. A portion of those who went to Chaffin's came up the same afternoon, the remainder the next morning. I met next morning a good many of those left at the hospital walking to town, who said they felt able to "make it," and would not wait for the ambulances which were sent for them, so that only eleven remained to be transported, and they were brought in and delivered at the receiving hospital.

On Wednesday all of the transportation that the Government could furnish and that could be procured by the impressment of private vehicles was carried to Boulware's for the purpose of bringing up those unable to march, but no prisoners were delivered by the Federal commmissioners. The river having fallen sufficiently, the boats resumed their trips to-day and brought up a number of sick and disabled men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. BROCK,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.,

In Charge Transportation of Sick and Paroled.

