
CITY POINT, VA., March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD:

(Care General Ord.)

Word has been sent to me that there are in Richmond thirty-four boxes blankets, ten boxes blouses, eighteen boxes shoes, four boxes socks, two boxes shirts, and two boxes pants. Some measures I think should be taken to have these articles returned or cared for, for the benefit of future prisoners. They had probably better be returned.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

VARINA LANDING, March 3, 1865.

General GRANT:

General Hayes holds Judge Ould's receipt for all packages, public and private, left in Richmond. They were left subject to our order. I mentioned the matter to you, and on the understanding I had of the matter authorized the use, under supervision of our own officers there, of such articles as might be needed by our men coming into Richmond from other points, they being mostly sick and wounded. I will call on Mr. Ould to-morrow to return whatever he may now have on hand.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. E. MULFORD:

Agree upon the 1st of March for an exchange declaration and report it to General Hoffman.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, &c.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, March 3, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: We have at this place quite a number of Confederate guerrillas and other prisoners awaiting trial and sentence by military commission and court-martial. As the rolls and records relating to these prisoners have been removed to Louisville, I most respectfully suggest that the prisoners be removed to that point also, the buildings and prison accommmodation at Louisville being better and more suitable than those at this place. Besides, they will be more securely confined and less liable to recapture. Other prisoners when captured can be forwarded to Louisville in charge of railroad-train guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., March 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Commanding District of Northern Alabama, Huntsville:

Inform General Roddey that I have applied for the prisoners of war belonging to his command to be sent me for exchange, and as soon as they arrive here they will be forwarded to Huntsville.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

