
RICHMOND, VA., January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN F. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have learned from a friend of mine that Miss Amelia B. Murphy, daughter of another friend, is now in Fort McHenry, held as a spy. It seems that the young lady obtained from General Sheridan a pass and a parole to go to Jefferson County, in this State. The provost-marshal at Duffield Station, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, informed Miss Murphy that the pass would allow her to go to any place within the Federal Army lines. Acting upon this, it appears, she went as far as Frederick City, Md. She was arrested somewhere in that neighborhood. Her purpose was simply to purchase some clothing, of which she stood very much in need. I am as sure of this as I am of anything in this world. The idea of acting the part of a spy never entered into her head. I am so fully satisfied that injustice is being done to this young lady by her imprisonment that I have thus earnestly brought the matter to your attention. I sincerely trust that you will without delay make such representations to your authorities as will secure her release.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, General-in-Chief U. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose with this, by the direction of the President, certain papers, numbered from 1 to 18 inclusive, in relation to several officers including Lieutenant Markbreit.* Among these papers there is one (Numbers 6) containing the copy of an indorsement by Mr. Ould, proposing a certain measure, the character of which will be seen by reference to it. That proposition was submitted to the Secretary of War and was by him approved, which approval I communicated to Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford, since which no official communication has been made to me on the subject.

It is known, however,that the arrangement did not take effect. Lieutenant Markbreit is step-brother to Mr. Hassaurek, our minister to Ecuador, and Mr. Hassaurek is interested in his case.

The President has directed me to place these papers in his hands, to be by him submitted to yourself, and I am further directed by His Excellency to advise you that it is his desire that you would examine the subject to which they refer; or, to use his own language, he desires you to reconsider the matter and give such orders as in your judgment may be suitable and proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S.-The papers inclosed with this belong to the War Office and to my own office,and I respectfully request their return by the hands of Mr. Hassaurek if convenient.

Respectfully,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

*List of papers referred to, with references: 1. Goff to Willey, May 16, 1864; 2. Van Winkle to Lincoln, August 2, 1864; 3. Hitchcock to Hoffman, June 11, 1864; 4. Hitchcock to Butler, August 19, 1864; 5. Hitchcock to Hoffman, August 19, 1864;

---------------

