
The testimony of Mr. Dibrell is confirmed by that of Andrew Johnston, also a merchant of Richmond, and a member of the "Ambulance Committee."

Thus it sppears that the sick and wounded Federal prisoners at Annapolis, whose condition has been made a subject of outcry and of widespread complaint by the Northern Congress, were not in a worse state than were the Confederate prisoners returned from Northern hospitals and prisons, of which the humanity and superior management are made subjects of special boasting by the U. S. Sanitary Commission.

CONFEDERATE HOSPITALS FOR PRISONERS.

In connection with this subject your committee take pleasure in reporting the facts ascertained by their investigations concerning the Confederate hospitals for sick and wounded Federal prisoners. They have made personal examination, and have taken evidence specially in relation to "Hospital Numbers 21," in Richmond, because this has been made the subject of distinct charge in the publication last mentioned. It has been shown not only by the evidence of the surgeons and their assistants, but by that of Federal prisoners, that the treatment of the Northern prisoners in these hospitals has been everything that humanity could dictate; that their wards have been well ventilated and clean; their food the best that could be procured for them, and, in fact, that no distinction has been made between their treatment and that of our own sick and wounded men. Moreover, it is proved that it has been the constant practice to supply to the patients out of the hospital funds such articles as milk, butter, eggs, tea, and other delicacies when they were required by the condition of the patient. This is proved by the testimony of E. P. Dalrymple, of New York; George Henry Brown, of Pennsylvania, and Freeman B. Teague, of New Hampshire, whose depositions accompany this report.

CONTRAST.

This humane and considerate usage was not adopted in the U. S. hospital on Johnson's Island, where Confederate sick and wounded officers were treated. Colonel J. H. Holman thus testifies:

The Federal authorities did not furnish to the sick prisoners the nutriment and other articles which were presribed by their own surgeons. All they would do was to permit the prisoners to buy the nutriment or stimulants needed, and if they had no money they could not get them. I know this, for I was in the hospital sick myself, and I had to buy myself such articles as eggs, milk, flour, chickens, and butter after their doctors had prescribed them. And I know this was generally the case, for we had to get up a fund among ourselves for this purpose to aid those who were not well supplied with money.

This statement is confirmed by the testimory of Actg. Asst. Surg. John J. Miller, who was at Johnson's Island for more than eight months. When it if remembered that such articles as eggs, milk, and butter were very scarce and high-priced in Richmond and plentiful and cheap at the North, the contrast thus presented may well put to shame the Sanitary Commission and dissipate the self-complacency with which they have boasted of the superior humanity in the Northern prisons and hospitals.

CHARGE OF ROBBING PRISONERS.

Your committee now proceed to notice other charges in these publications. It is said that their prisoners were habitually stripped of blankets and other property on being captured. What pillage may

