
General Neal Dew, and also by the editor of the New York Times, who in his issue of January 6, 1865, describes the material for recruiting the Federal armies as -

wretched vagabonds, of depraved morals, decrept in body, without courage, self-respect, or conscience. They are dirty, disorderly, thievish, and incapable.

CRUELTY TO CONFEDERATE PRISONERS AT THE NORTH.

In reviewing the charges of cruelty, harshness, and starvation to prisoners made by the North, your committee have taken testimony as to the treatment of our own officers and soldiers in the hands of the enemy. It gives us no pleasure to be compelled to speak of suffering inflicted upon our gallant men, but the self-laudatory style in which the Sanitary Commission have spoken of their prisons makes it proper that the truth should be presented. Your committee gladly acknowledge that in many cases our prisoners experienced kind and considerate treatment; but we are equally assured that in nearly all the prison stations of the North - at Point Lookout, Fort McHenry, Fort Delaware, Johnson's Island, Elmira, Camp Chase, Camp Douglas, Alton, Camp Morton, the Ohio penitentiary, and the prisons of Saint Louis, Mo. - our men have suffered from insufficient food, and have been subjected to ignominous, cruel, and barbarous practices, of which there is no parallel in anything that has occurred in the South. The witnesses who were at Point Lookout, Fort Delaware, Camp Morton, and Camp Douglas testify that they have often seen our men picking up the scraps nd refuse thrown out fromthe kitchens with which to appease their hunger. Doctor Herrington proves that at Fort Delaware unwholesome bread and water produced diarrhea in numberless cases among our prisoners, and that _

their sufferings were greatly aggravated by the regulation of the camp, whicg forbade more than twenty men at a time at night to go to the sinks. I have seen as many as 500 men in a row waiting their time. The consequence was that they were obliged to use the places where they were. This produced great want of cleanliness and aggravated the disease.

Our men were compelled to labor in unloading Federal vessels and in putting up buildings for Federal officers, and if they refused were driven to the work with clubs.

The treatment of Brigadier General J. H. Morgan and his officers was brutal and ignominious in the extreme. It will be found stated in the depositions of Captain M. D. Logan, Lieutenant W. P. Crow, Lieutenant Colonel James B. McCreary, and Captain B. A. Tracy that they were put in the Ohio penitentiary and compelled to submit to the treatment of felons. Their beards were shaved and their hair was cut close to the head. They were confined in convict's cells and forbidden to speak to each other. For attempts to escape and for other offenses of a very light character they were subjected to the horrible punishment of the dungeon. In midwinter, with the atmosphere many degrees below zero, without blanket or overcoat, they were confined in a cell without fire or light, with a fetid and poisonous air to breathe - and here they were kept until life was nearly extinct. Their condition on coming out was so deplorable as to draw tears from their comrades. The blood was oozing from their hands and faces. The treatment in the Saint Louis prisons was equally barbarous. Captain William H. Sebring testifies:

Two of us, A. C. Grimes and myself, were carried out into the open air in the prison yard on the 25th of December, 1863, and handcuffed to a post. Here we were kept all night in sleet, snow, and cold. We were relieved in the daytime, but again brought to the post and handcuffed to it in the evening - and thus we were kept all

