
transportation, food, and quarters was provided. I remained here to make these provisions, though for most of them neither law, regulation, nor former practice imosed the duty on me. Cooked rations were sent out under the charge of the Ambulance Committee to a point about half way between Richmond and Boulware's Wharf.

The medical officer and the ambulance chairman can inform the commitee of all the details of the proceeding, and further what arrangements were made for taking care of those who lagged and of showing them the way to the quarters which were provided.

It is simply impossible, owing to the relative positions of the military lines to the condition of the raods, and the deficiency of transportation, to convey in vehicles evn the sick from Varina to Richmond, a distance by way of Boulware's of some fourteen miles. Yet when on the arrival of our prisoners Tuesday evening, I found that there were some 600 or 800 sick and wounded at Varina. So anxious was I to attempt something for their relief that I on the same night directed the impressment of every avilable vehicle in Richmond and telegraphed to the army lines for all the transportation which could be furnished. By these means I had some hundred wagons, ambulances, and carts near Boulware's on wednesday morning, in response to my telegraph on Tuesday night.

General Curtis Lee sent a message to Colonel Mulford to meet me at Boulware's Wharf at 11 o'clock to arrange for the sick and wounded. That message was sent as 7 a. m. Wednesday, but although I remained with the transportation until 4 p. m., neither Colonel Mulford nor our prisoners appeared. It was perhaps fortunate that such was the fact. Many would have died upon the route, and many more would have stuck in the mud and bogs in broken vehickles.

On Thursday and Friday, at great risk to the steam-boats, I went down the river and during those two days brought and marched up more thatn 3,000 prisoners, incuding sic and wounded, being all that were at Varina. Rations were furnished to all, the well were put in a comfortable warehouse in the lower part of he city, and the sick and wounded were conveyed in ambulances to hospital. But for the earnest and hearty aid of the Ambulance Committee I could have done litte or nothing. Their assistance in the matter of taking care of our returned prisoners is invaluable. Day and night they ahve been constant in their labors. I am sorry that some who have received the benefit of their noble exertions seem not to appreciate them.

The Federal steam-boats which bring our prisoners stop at Varina. This point is some four miles from our lines, and the prisoners are either marched of transported to Boulware's Wharf, which is nearl on the dividing line of the opposing armeis and about four miles distant from Varina. I have no more power to go to Varina than Lincoln has to come to Richmond, or President Davis has to go to Washington. Yet it sees i am blamed because I was not at Varina when the prisoners arrived or during their stay there. I am furthe censured for allowing the prisoners to remain two days at Boulware's Landing, when they were not there an hour.

From the foregoing narration and other testimony I trust the following facts will be apparent to the committee, to wit:

That all the prisoners at Varina on Saturday, the 25th, who were able to march had the opportunity to come to Richmond, and did come; that every preparation which the nature of the emergency allowed was made; that all prisoners who reached Varina between Saturday afternoon and Monday night who were able to march had the opportunity to come to Richmond on Tuesday, the 28th, and did come; that

