
included were to to anticipate this date, and by extending the time of our notice to the 10th instant we include 1,500 or 2,000 men now ready for delivery to me from Richmond, Va. I am informed by the Confederate autorities that they are progressing finely in their deliveries at Wilmington. At last advices about 9,000 had been delivered, including 900 to 1,000 officers. They also inform me that arrangements have been completed for the delivery of prisoners at Mobile, and it is undoubtedly progressing at this time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and U. S. Assistant Agent of Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Eastport, March 4, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have heard nothing from Colonel Watts since my arrival here and nothing from GEneral Forrest. I presume the delay is in consequence of the flood. The river is higher than it has been form many years, and I have no doubt that the Mobile and Ohio Railroad has felt the effects of the constant rains and that the bridges between Rienzi and Verona are washed away, which will prevent the arrival of Colonel Watts as well as our prisoners for several days, and perhaps for weeks. I shall go to Iuka on the 6th if I don't hear from Colonel Watts befor then, and if I can learn nothing from him there I shall leave here on the 7th for Nashville, leaving my clerk here to verify the rolls of prisoners in case any should arrive before my return. I shall also make arrangements to send rations to Iuka for any of our prisoners should they arrive there before my return here, as there are comfortable quarters at Iuka for them and there is no place at all for them here. Everything here is under water or flated off. General Wilson is unable to cross his command and cannot move for several days. I think his camp was a bad selection either in view of a defense of EAstport or a movement upon any other point. The only dry land in sight, except the hills, is the little space around Chickasaw, and uless it stops raining that will be covered with water soon.

I sent my report with General Forrest's communication to the general commanding on the night of the 1st instant, but as he - the messenger - was to go via Johnsonville I don't know as he has reached you, as I am informed that railroad is not in running order.

The Government has lost a vast amount of property her, but I don't know as it could have been avoided. Every exertion has been made since my arrival here to save everything from the flood, but all the forage was spoiled from the effects of the wet weather befor the flood washed it off.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., March 4, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, U. S. Army,

Commanding District of West Florida and South Alabama:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th ultimo, transmitted by flag of truce, in

