
a regiment of these men and put them on the plains, where they can be made of use to our Government, relieve our prisons, and I have no doubt in most cases make better men and good soldiers. They are now a burden and expense to us. We cannot exchange them, and if I am authorized I am confident I can form an effective regiment from them by placing old reliable officers over them. I have 3,000 miles of overland mail and telegraph route to guard, and every regiment of infantry that I can put along it will relieve that number of cavalry to use in offensive operations against the Indians, who, I am satisfied, are determined to make aggressvie war upon all our overland routes this spring and summer. Many of the "galvanized Yankees" I know were captured in the battle of July 22 before Atlanta, Ga., and have been good, earnest soldiers.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a copy* of my letter to General Maury, commanding at Mobile, in relation to the employment by him of prisoners of war for fatigue, together with copies of his reply thereto and to my letter in regard to forwarding clothing to our prisoners at Cahaba and Meridian. I also inclose a copy+ of his letter to the effect that he is directed to turn over to me in Mobile Bay 1,500 bales of cotton. I have the honor to suggest that, in view of the difficulties of transmission and the near prospect of exchange of prisoners, the clothing be not forwarded, and also to ask that I may not be ordered to receive the cotton.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 6, 1865 - 7.30 p. m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

You may now discontinue sending rebel prisoners for exchange, except by the regular flag-of-truce boat, steamer New York.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 6, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware:

Please forward Brigadier General R. B. Vance for exchange with the next party of prisoners.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

+ See March 4, p. 356.

