
he was only a volunteer aide; Lemuel Smith, put down as a lieutenant when he was only a private; N. W. McConnell, put down as a captain when he was only a private; B. T. Merrill, Eleventh Texas Cavalry, put down as a lieutenant when he was only a private; Private Lynn, put down as a captain; Martin B. Calvin, Second Georgia, put down as a lieutenant when he was only a private.

These parties have not only declared verbally to your authorities that they were not officers, but in one instance, that of Sergt. C. M. Franklin, he wrote to Captain John J. Manor, superintendent of prison rolls at Johnson's Island, protesting that he was not an officer and requesting him to correct the rolls. He also inclosed in his letter to Captain Manor the cerificate of three of his officers (then at Johnson's Island) that he was only a sergeant. Captain Manor indorsed on the letter to him as follows: You cannot be thus changed on our rolls without special order from Commissary-General of Prisoners or Secretary of War,: and signed his name to the same. At our next interview I will show you the original papers.

In addition to the persons given above as having been received on the 3rd instant, several other like cases from Johnson's Island have bee presented as occuring a few days befor, to wit: Thomas Grear, Third Texas Cavalry, put down as a lieutenant when he was only a private; H. T. Ewing, put down as a captain when he was only a citizen; Gustavus A. Jarvis, put down as a lieutenant whenhe was only a private; George P. Simms, put down as a lieutenant when he was only a private.

I have in my possession a list of several hundred persons at Johnson's Island who are on the prison rolls as officers when in fact they are not and were not when captured. If it is desired, I will furnish you with a copy of the list. Each belligerent has ample menas to verify it. As I take it for granted that it is not the purpose of the Federal authorities to do injustice in this matter, I trust that prompt measures will be taken for rectifying the past errors and preventing their recurrence in the future.

One of the best tests is the statement of the parties in the presence of the senior officers, or a committee of them, of the prison where they are confined. A man is not apt to declare that he is not an officer if he be one. Please let me have an early anser to this communication.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

NASHVILLE, March 6, 1865 - 10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point:

I have an officer at Corinth, Miss., to receive prisoners of war, but none have been delivered to him yet. I will repot the moment I hear from him.

G. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LOUISIANA,Meridian, March 6, 1865.

Major General D. H. MAURY, Commanding District of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the communication addressed to you by Major-General Granger, commanding

