
[Sixth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 11, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, with reference to indorsement of Captain Bryan.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

U. S. SENATE, March 9, 1865.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

MY DEAR SIR: Letters from friends is Saint Louis bring to my attention a case which I desire to lay before you for consideration. Major Hutchinson was captured last summer in a fight between Generals Sheridan and Early. He was on General Ransom's [Ramseur's] staff, who was wounded and fell into our hands, dying soon after. Major Hutchinson was treated with every courtersy and paroeld by General Sheridan to take charge of the body through to Richmond and there effect his own exchange. On reaching General Grant's lines the parole was disregarded and he was ordered back to Washington, where he was immediately thrown into the Old Capitol Prison, where I believe he now is. In this instnace is it not proper that the parole should be recognized, especially now that exchanges have recommenced? And if not paroled, as I believe some officers now are, should not his case call for an immediate exchange? I am sure you will come to sound conclusions when I present the facts to your notice and therefore content myself with so doing.

Yours, with respect,

B. GRATZ BROWN.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 9, 1865.

Surg. J. SIMPSON,

Medical Director, Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th ultimo in refernece to the difficulty of messing the rebel sick and wounded prisoners in the West Buildings Hospital separate from the patients belonging to our Army, and I beg to say in reply that, with the approbation of the War Department, you are authorized to direct that where the hospital is occupied, as at present, by a large majority of patients belonging to the Union Army, the issues of rations and the disbursement from the hospital fund may be made as if the patients were all of the Union Army. It is probable that a number of sick and wounded prisoners from Winchester will be left in Baltimore, and if all can be collected in one hospital by themselves it will be the most convenient for the service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, and Com. General of Prisoners.

