
WASHINGTON, March 9, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have been officially notified by Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Mulford, agent for exchange, that he has arranged with the rebel agent from Richmond for the exchange of the following deliveries of prisoners, viz: All U. S. officers and men, prisoners of war (not heretofore declared exchanged), who were delivered on parole at Savannah and Charleston during the months of November and December, 1864, and all (not heretofore declared exchanged) delivered on parole on the James River, Va., up to the 10th day of March, 1865, inclusive, and I would respectfully request that an order announcing this exchange be issued as early as practicable. I would respectfully suggest that commanders of parole camps be directed to forward exchanged officers and men to their stations with as little delay as practicable. I have inquired of the lieutenant-general commanding whether he desires the exchanged troops armed and equipped before joining their regimetns, and I will communicate his reply.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DEPT. NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Wilmington, N. C., March 9, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith by special messenger, for your disposition, the rolls of 8,684 prisoners of war, received at the crossing of Northeast Cape Fear River, on the Goldsborough road, from the rebel agent, in pursuance of directions from Lieutenant-General Grant. I also forward a copy of the report of Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph C. Abbott appointed special agent to receive and receipt for the prisoners.* The prisoners are being forwarded as rapidly as practicable to Annapolis, Md.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

In the absence of the commanding general:

By J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., March 17, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brevet Brigadier-General Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, for information. These papers to be returned with the report.

By order of the Secretary of War:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Abbott to Campbell, March 5, p. 358.

---------------

