
desire of the Confederate Government. If the Federal authorities refuse to observe so just and proper a rule, I know of no way by which we can compel them to do it. We have never selected the States from which prisoners are to be sent. We are read to give equivalents for any of our officers or soldiers. I have always strenuously refused to do anything which would put any one or more of our officers in a better position than that occupied by others. I defy and one case to be given in contradiction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

MARCH 10, 1865.

General HOFFMAN:

After you left me this a. m. I read the letter of Colonel M[ulford]* and thought that the matter might be managed without occupying the time of the Secretary. I went to General Townsend, and after talking the matter over he thought it best to wait long enough to hear of the delivery to us of the 1,500 or 2,000 expected by Colonel M. I told him that you were anxious to be relieved of the care of so many prisoners. He thought a day or two longer would make no material difference. I told him I wold communicate with you and let you know his suggestions. I send Mulford's letter. If you think an immediate declaration necessary, please see General Townsend and have the order issued in the terms he and myself agreed upon, leaving the old account unreferred to.

Yours,

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Fort Columbus, New Your Harbor, March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Major-General Whiting, C. S. Army, prisoner of war at this post, died in hospital at this post this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEST,

First Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain, Second U. S. Infty., Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: There are eleven invalid officers (not generals) well enough for exchange. Major-General Trimble left here for City Point this a. m.

H. A. ALLEN,

Major, Second U. S. Artillery, Commanding Post.

---------------

* See Mulford to Hoffman, March 4, p. 353.

---------------

