
provost-marshal to remove them or find other accommodations was urged as the reason. At this date there are now confined in the same room 154 prisoners, with a breathing space to each of less than 450 feet, being a small proportion more than half the space considered necessary and esential to health. This unnecessary crowding of these prisoners at this time is not the result or for the want of room in the prison, there being another room with a cubic area of 45,488 feet, and in which no prisoners are kept or used for any other purpose. Notwithstanding repeated attention of the prison authorities has been called to this grave and prolific cause of disease, the evil still continues unabated, and consequently no hopes of the decrease of the ration of deaths.

It will be recollected that among these prisoners undergong the confinement in these crowded and insufficiently ventilated quarters are many citizen prisoners, against whom the charges pending are of a very trivial character, or perhaps upon investigation by courts-martial no charges at all are sustained.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. REX,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

[First indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 11, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the assistant adjutant-general, Department of the Missouri, with the recommendation that an order be given the officer in charge of the Gratiot Street Prison to use all of the available prison rooms, and not to unnecessarily crowd single apartments, especially if the safe-keeping of the inmates shoul not require this course.

JNO F. RANDOLPH,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 14, 1865.

Respectfully referredt to the provost-marshal-general, Department of the Missouri, for this action.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 10, 1865.

Captain R. MORROW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of East Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 1st day of December, 1864, an agreement was made between General Carter and General Vaughn, of which the following is an extract:

I. It is agreed that all Union citizens from East Tennessee, who are held by the Confederate authorities shall be, with as little delay as possible, brought to the lines of the U. S. forces in East Tennessee and delivered to the U. S. authorities.

II. All citizens who have been arrested by the U. S. authorities as hostages for the Union men hald by the Confederate authorities shall be delivered at the Confederate lines in East Tennessee and released with as little delay as possible.

In accordance wit that agreement I forwarded February 9 and 14 all the hostages that have come within my control, seventeen in

