
number. On the other hand, I am not aware of one single instance in which that agreement has been caried out on the part of the Confederate authorities.

Upon the authority of Major-General Hitchcock, Commissary-General of Prisoners, I notified General Vaughn that a failure on the part of the Confederate authorities to carry out that agareement must be met with retalitation upon the general officers now in our hands.

I take this opportunity of reporting the abobe facts, that the proper steps may be taken to enforce a compliance with that agreement.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. TROWBRIDGE,

Colonel Tenth Mich. Cav. Vols. and Pro. March General of East Tenn.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON, &amp;C.,Salisbury, N. C., March 10, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

(Brigadier-General Gardner's Staff.)

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report* of the removal of the prisoners of war from Columbia and Charlotte, N. C., to Magnolia, N. C., for exchange.

I should, I feel, be derelict to duty were I in doing this to pass unnoticed the condition of the "Fair Grounds Hospital" at Goldsborough, in which about 360 of the sick prisoners were temporarily placed, and which from neglect, filth,a nd squalor presneted a sight which for misery I have rarely seen equaled. This establishment was nominally in charge of Surgeon Holt, but I was unable to learn that the ever visited in in person. Having no control over the officers in charge, and only learning that such a hospital existed he day prior to that on which the patients were removed from it for exchange, I was unable to apply any corrective to a state of affairs that I felt disgraced our character for humanity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. FORNO,

Colonel, Provisional Army, C. S.

MERIDIAN, March 10, 1865.

Colonel N. G. WATTS, Agent of Exchange, Jackson:

(Care Brigadier-General Adams, who will send this immediately to Colonel Watts if he is absent.)

Following just received, dated Macon, Ga., 9th:

Captain Rutherford just arrived from Richmond with instructions to deliver the Yankee prisoners in Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi at Mobile for exchange. Very important to have these prisoners delivered. Is there any reason why they should not be forwarded to Mobile for that purpose? There are here over 5,000.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

Telegraph me immediately what your views and wishes and arrangements are about this, so General Cobb can be answered.

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Forno to Gardner, March 10, p. 451.

---------------

