
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 11, 1865.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

Please order the prisoners of wr at Fort Lafayette to Fort Delaware and the citizen prisoners to Fort Warren. If there is special cause for detaining any of the latter, please do so.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 11, 1865.

Honorable B. GRATZ BROWN, U. S. Senator, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 9th instant, in reference to the case of Major Hutchinson, reached me only to-day. It was within the authority of Lieutenant-General Grant to recall the parole granted by General Sheridan to Major Hutchinson, and it having been granted and recalled gives him to claim to any special consideration for parole at a subsequent time. All rebel officers in our hands are now being paroled for exchange as rapidly as practicable, taking first those who have been longest in confinement. Major Hutchinson being among those most recently captured, his release may possible be delayed some time. Your note in relation to young Shelby reached me only this morning. The War Department does not discharge prisoners of war on taking the oath of allegiance at this time, but those who do not wish to be exchanged will not be sent South. After all have been exchanged who desire it, then the Department will decide in the cases of those that remain.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, March 11, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

SIR: Private Miles Dotson, of Perrin's Mississippi regiment, Ferguson's brigade, was captured near Powder Springs, in Georgia, on the 4th of November last. He and three others of his command, taken at the same time, were carried to Camp Douglas. a few weeks afterward he was remanded to Louisville. Major Steele, who arrived here some two weeks ago, left Private Dotson in close confinement at Louisville on the 14th ultimo. He was then held subject to the orders of General Thomas as to the time and place of his execution. The pretext alleged for this course on the part of the Federal military authorities in Kentucky was that Dotson belonged to Perrin's regiment, which was recruited in a neighborhood where three Federal soldiers "had been murdered."

It is not alleged that these Federal soldiers were "murdered" by Dotson, or even by Perrin's command; nor is it suggested that Dotson and Perrin's regiment are not regularly in the Confederate service. I feel confinement that it is only necessary to bring this case to your attention to insure th eprompt release and delivery of this soldier.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

