
Police of grounds - as good as can be this season of rain and mud. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - fair. Attendance of sick - sufficient Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - much improved. Vigilance of guard - unespectionable.

Remarks and suggestions. - A very large decrease in numbers of sick and deaths since my last is attributable to the fact that those brought here in an almost dying condition have died, and the favorable change to those with enough vitality to be treated are slowly recovering, so that the present health of the prisoners can be said to be very good. The smallpox, which raged for a while so fearfully, through the various instrumentalities, viz, vaccination, with rigid removals and care, has almost disappeared from the prison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. K. ALLEN,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The sickness of the prisoners from Hood's army has been fully reported upon and I consider it unnecessary to repeat. During this part of the year the police of the prisons cannot be as perfect as in more favorable weather. I believe it to be as good as possible under the circumstances. There will be between 2,000 and 3,000 men who will refuse to go on exchange. I suggest some more favorable treatment in their case.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

RICHMOND, March 11, 1865.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have waited thus long in the hope of being able to state something decisive in the case of Mr. Heiskell. To my frequent written communications in relation to him the Federal authorities have made no reply. In consideration of the fact that he was, in a certain sense, connected with the Government, I was ready to release any civilian whom we had form him, and I so let the U. S. understand. I soon found out that they would not make any such arrangement. When General Grant was approached to know if he would release Mr. Heiskell for John Dent, he replied that he would not - that Dent was a disloyal man, known to him as such, and that he would not do as much for him as he wold for any other citizen prisoner. It was hinted to me, however, by those who ought to know that if we wold discharge Dent without making that a specific condition for the release of Mr. Heiskell, we would be apt to secure the latter's return. Accordingly, when I was instructed by the War Department to deliver all citizen prisoners, Dent included, I used every means in my power to interest him and his frineds in Mr. Heiskell's case, and I am inclined to believe that they will be successful. I am entirely satisfied that the best thing has been done that could be under the circumstances for his release. I shall continue to press his case upon the attention of the Federal authorities, and will be happly to carry out any specific instructions which Your Excellency may give in the matter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

