
I was back again in my prison quarters. Here, after remaining some time longer, it was announced to me that I was to be sent on for special exchange. My irons were taken off and I was placed upon the cars and sent to Louisville and thence to Fort Monroe.

Such is an imperfect narrative of my capture and confinement.

Very respectfully,

J. D. MORRIS,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

CITY OF RICHMOND, VA., TO WIT:

Colonel J. D. Morris, C. S. Army, being by the undersigned duly sworn, made oath that the foregoing statement by him made is true, to the best of his knowledge and belief.

Given under my hand this 18th day of March, 1865.

R. R. HOWISON,

Notary Public, Richmond, Va.

RICHMOND, March 13, 1865.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, New York Hotel, New York City:

SIR: Your note concernig your nephew, Captain Beall Hempstead, has been received. As I allowed General Hyes to select any and as many officers as he close to aid him in the distribution of Federal stores, I take it for granted that the U. S. authorities will extend the same favor to you. Make application to them for your nephew, and I doubt not it will be granted. Several months ago I requested General Grant to allow 1,500 bales of cotton to be shipped from Mobile to you for the benefit of our prisoners. I have as yet received no reply to my letter.

A good number of private boxes have been sent out from here to prisoners. Where the parties to whom they are directed are dead or have left, I think they should be devoted by the distributing committees for the benefit of the prisoners generally at the post, unless an order making a specific disposition has been made by the parties to whom they have been sent. In the latter case the assignees should have them. I have received only one letter from you. Why do you not write?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, relative to the exchange of Captain Bowers for Captain Clarke.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 13, 1865.

Returned to General Echols.

All the Federal officers have been sent North, even to Colonel Fry, who was charged with murders in East Tennessee. Non one Federal officer or soldier able to be snet off now remains. The few that are too sick to be sent now will be forwarded as soon as they convalesce sufficiently to be moved. If, therefore, the Federal authorities are honest in the within offer, why will they not immediately send Captains Clarke and Reynolds? I have brought the cases of these two officers more than once to their notice. We have sent off men who were charged as

