
so in the hope that the condemnation of every true man and woman in the North will rebuke such a system of barbarity and induce those in authority to amend it.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PRISONERS AT ROCK ISLAND-INHUMAN TREATMENT-THEY FEED ON DOGS AND RATS.*

[JANUARY 8, 1865.-For Foster to Halleck,asking for authority to send North the Confederate officers sent to the Department of the South for retaliation, and Halleck's reply (15th), see Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part II, pp. 27,57.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON,Elmira, N. Y., January 8, 1865.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 8, 1865:

Conduct-very good. Cleanliness-fair. Clothing-good, some few exceptions; need pants and underclothing for those discharged from the smallpox hospital. Bedding-plenty and good. State of quarters-very clean. State of mess-houses-good. State of kitchen-good. Food, quality of-has been very good this week. Food, quantity of-abundant. Water-good. Sinks-need changing. Police of grounds-extra. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-better than last week. Attendance of sick-very good. Hospital diet-good. General health of prisoners-not such change since last report. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions.-The convalescent wards should be repaired immediately, as they are not safe for men to work in. The last storm affected them very much. Ward 6 came near blowing down. Small-pox not on the increase so much as last week-126 cases,10 deaths.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. JORDAN,

Captain, Twenty-ninth Maine Veteran Vols., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

I should have reported last week that all the prisoners are in barracks. Owing to the efficient means adopted by Doctor Stocker, surgeon in charge,to vaccinate the camp, we hope we have got control of this disease (the smallpox) and will be able to keep it within bounds. It is not on the increase.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

---------------

*For the newspaper clipping (here omitted) see duplicate, dated December 27, 1864, without Hitchcock's indorsement, Vol. VII, this series, p. 1284.

---------------

