
them and Claude? Will you not deliver him in compliance with our agreement?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, March 14, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Private A. A. Williams, Company C, First Maryland Cavalry, has been sent to Fort Warren for the war. He was tried as a spy and acquitted. I understand he is in close confinement. Will you not deliver him under our agreement?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 14, 1865.

Major General D. H. MAURY, C. S. Army,

Commanding District of the Gulf, Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 9th instant, inclosing copy of communication to you from Lieutenant General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, touching the treatment of soldiers of our army of African descent who are prisoners in your hands. I can assure you of my gratification at the statement of Lieutenant-General Taylor that, upon information that a general exchange had been agreed upon under the cartel of 1862, he had commenced preparations for the early delivery of all prisoners of war held in his department. The fact of the cartel of 1862 recognizing no distinction of color or forme condition, and the recent actio of your authorities in calling men of African descent into your armies, give flattering promises of a quick and proper solution of the question of treatment of colored men captured while in our service.

Instructions have reached me from Major-General Canby, commanding the Military Divsion of West Mississippi, to inform you that Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, has given orders to receive at the military posts on the Mississippi River and in Mobile Bay, for exchange under the recent agreement, all officers and men of our Army, whether white or black, whom you have captured and now hold.

Permit me, general, to assure you that there is no intention on our part to hinder the operation of the humane arrangement for exchange of prisoners which the Government of the United States has so long desired and striven for.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF AGENT FOR EXCHANGE,

New Orleans, La., March 14, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, Commissioner of Exchange:

GENERAL: In the absence of Major-General Canby in the field I have the honor to state that of the prisoners of war who were ordered

