
RICHMOND, VA., March 14, 1865.

The HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In response to your resolution of the 2nd instant I herewith transmit for your information communications from the Secretary of the Navy and the Commissioner for the Exchange of Prisoners relative to the trial and execution of John Y. Beall, acting master in the C. S. Navy, by the authorities of the United States.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 4, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to state in response to the following resolution of the House of Representatives, referred by you to this Department-

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to communicate to this House any informatin he may have with regard to the execution of John y. Beall, of Jefferson County, Va., by the authorities of the Federal Government; and whether any and what action has been taken by this Government upon the subject.

-that the only information I have withe regard to the execution of John Y. Beall is derived from the Federal newspapers, whose accounts of the event were copied by the Richmond papers of the 27th ultimo.

Triplicate copies of Mr. Beall's appointment as an acting master in the Navy were furnished to the Department of State, upon the request of the Secretary of State, so soon as hir arrest was known here, and another copy was sent by me to the Honorable Jacob Thompson in Canada.

The printed slip herewith, from the Federal newspapers, purporting to give the details of the arrest, trail, and conviction of Mr. Beall, is inclosed for further information.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Sub-inclosure.]

Extract from a Federal newspaper.

The follwing extract from the order of General Dix approving the findings and sentences of the court gives a succinct account of his attempt on the Northern frontier:

The testimony shows that the accused, while holding a commission from the authorities at Richmond as acting master in the Navy of the insurgent States, embarked at Sandwich, Canada, on board the Philo Parsons, an unarmed steamer, while on one of her regular trips, carrying passengers and freight from Detroit, in the State of Michigan, to Sandusky, in the State of Ohio. The captain had been induced by Burley, one of the confederates of the accused, to land at Sandwich, which was not one of the regular stopping places of the steamer, for the purpose of receiving them. Here the accused and two others took passage. At Malden, another Canadian port and one of the regular stopping places, about twenty-five more came on board. The accused was in citizen's dress, showing no insignia of his rank or profession, embarking as an ordinary passenger, and representing himself to be on a pleasure trip to Kelley's Island, in Lake Erie, within the jurisdiction of the State of Ohio. After eight hours he and his associates,

