
issued by Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, commanding the camp, and if strictly carried out will add much to the discipline of the camp. Convalescent Ward Numbers 4 is unsafe for use. The sides gave way Saturday evening on account of the heft of the roof, being four thicknesses of lumber on them. If they were shingled they would be more safe and lighter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. JORDAN,

Captain, Twenty-ninth Maine Veteran Vols., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The ceiling of the hospital wards is completed and the wards are now very comfortable. I have the honor also to report that the conduit for connecting a stream of water from the Chemung River through the prison camp is fully completed and works like a charm. It proves, however, to have been a more serious job than was anticipated, owing to waste and quicksand in the bottom of the cutting. Through a considerable portion of the cutting we struck the coarse gravel of what seems once to have been the river's bottom. Through this the water ran quite freely, compelling us to use the pump extensively. Quicksand was also found in places. It is at last completed at a cost, aside from the labor of prisoners,of $2,000 but it is worth twice its cost.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, January 1, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

128th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 1, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-good. Bedding-no straw issued to prison since June, 1864, except three blocks and hospital; bunks and blankets wanted. State of quarters-nine blocks clean, two fair, and Block 10 dirty. State of mess-houses-fair. State of kitchen-fair. Food, quality of-good. Food,quantity of-prisoners' ration,except potatoes. Water-lake water and good. Sinks-fair. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-good and abundant. General health of prisoners-very good; one case of smallpox. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions.-Whole number of prisoners, 3,209; number in hospital,44; deaths since last report,3.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infantry and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The deficiency of blankets it is expected will soon be obviated. The order to erect barracks for the Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps came at so late a day in the season as to render it very difficult to get the lumber,and the unexpectedly large increase of prisoners overrun

