
order a number of prisoners have been forwarded, and if any have been detailed it is without my knowledge.

On March 2 I gave the orders required by your telegram of the 23rd of February, directing that a certain class of citizen prisoners should be forwarded for exchange, but that those who were awaiting trial on grave charges or who were undergoing sentence should be detained. Reports of the cases detained will be forwarded as soon as they are received. This last order would cover some of the cases discharged under the previous order.

There may be some cases occurring since the date of these orders, of arrests as spies, as for violation of the laws of war, where the parties are still held as not coming within reach of the orders, and I would be glad to be informed whether such cases should be forwarded for exchange.

On the 13th ultimo, under General Orders, Numbers 6, and your instructions of the 17th ultimo, I directed that S. H. Anderson, a citizen prisoner in confinement at Fort Wyman, Mo., should be forwarded for exchange. In the meantime his sentence to be hung was announced and was commuted to confinement during the war at Alton, where he now remains, as required by your telegram of the 23rd ultimo.

In reply to my telegram of the 18th ultimo I have received reports from commanders of prison stations, from which it appears that there were no prisoners of war in close confinement or in irons at Fort Delaware, Fort McHenry, Camp Chase, or Alton, and those who were at Fort Warren, Johnson's Island, Louisville, Nashville, and Saint Louis have been forwarded. None have been reported at other Northern stations, but to insure that none shall be so held instructions have been sent to every station.

I have communicated your instructions to Major-General Canby with the request that they may be carried out in the Military Division of West Mississippi.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[MARCH 15, 1865.- For Grant to Meade, relating to exchange of prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 987.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., March 15, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully report that Samuel Turner, Company B, First Tennessee (rebel) Infantry, prisoner of war, stabbed a prisoner on the 7th instant by the name of Patrick Tool, Company B, Fifteenth Tennessee. The prisoner stabbed died from the effects of the would on the 11th instant. Turner is a desperate man, having stabbed three prisoners since his confinement in this camp, but neither of which, except the case already mentioned, proved fatal.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

26 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII

