
CHICKASAW, ALA., March 15, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff, Nashville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival here this evening and the receipt of the following communication from General Forrest, viz:
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,In the Field, March 13, 1865.

Colonel J. G. PARKHURST, Provost-Marshal-General, Eastport, Miss.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge receipt of yours of March 5, instant, and to say that arrangements have been made by Lieutenant-Colonel Watts, assistant commissioner of exchange, for the delivery of all Federal prisoners in our hands east of the Savannah and west of the Mississippi Rivers. Those in this department are now being delivered at Vicksburg and Mobile; hence further negotiations in regard to them are unnecessary. The washing away of some bridges on Mobile and Ohio road prevented Colonel Watts from reaching Iuke, and he determined, on account of the insecurity of the track, to return and deliver the prisoners at Vicksburg, which he is now doing.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Forrest, C. S. Army.

In a private letter received from Colonel Anderson he says:

I regard that the flood of water prevented Colonel Watts from reaching Iuka. He only got at far as Baldwyn and was compelled to return.

The information communicated in the foregoing letters renders it unnecessary for me to remain here longer. The Forty-fourth Wisconsin, Colonel Symes commanding, arrived here on the night of the 13th instant. As they are here only for the purpose of escorting prisoners, and as there will be no prisoners for the regiment to escort, I have given the colonel orders to report to the general commanding at Nashville, and they will leave to-morrow morning on the steamer Superior for Nashville. I shall return to Nashville by the first boat which Colonel Mackay sends out.

Two divisions of Major-General Wilson's command have crossed the river, viz, Long's and Croxton's. General Upton's division will cross to-morrow morning.

The river has fallen about eight feet and is still falling, but it is now raining quite hard.

I am informed that a raid of Federal troops from Memphis struck the Mobile and Ohio Railroad south of Carolina and drove away a party of citizens who were repairing the road and occasioned some damage to the road. The report on the subject is not sufficiently authentic to justify me in giving particulars.

I inclose copy of the order given Colonel Symes, of the Forty-fourth Wisconsin*.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 15, 1865.

Major IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Agent for Exchange, Trans-Miss. Dept., C. S. Army:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Shannon and other officers captured at Fort Butler, Donaldsonville,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

