
La., June 23, 1863, being eight in number, and eight other officers captured from your forces in Arkansas, have arrived in this city from Johnson's Island to be exchanged. I will deliver them to you or any other officer duly authorized to receive them at Red River Landing at such time as you may designate. At the same time I will deliver to you all other prisoners of war belonging to the C. S. forces of the Trans-Mississippi Department whom we have at this station. They number less than 100, and the entire delivery will apply to cancel the indebtedness now existing against us for the excess of the delivery of February 26th, utlimo.

I have information from Major-General Curell, agent for exchange at Mobile, to whom I delivered the C. S. naval prisoners held at this station on the 4th instant, that Admiral Buchanan has been delivered to his friends at Richmond. His delivery with that to Major Curell furnished full equivalents for the delivery of naval prisoners to me on the 26th ultimo, and the latter have accordingly been declared exchanged.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent for Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, March 15, 1865.

Brigadier General W. M. GARDNER, Salisbury, N. C.:

It is desirable to use the prison houses at Salisbury, N. C., as ordnance workshops. Cannot the prisoners be removed to Danville or to some safe point, that these buildings may be appropiated as suggested?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WASHINGTON, March 16, 1865-12.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A prisoners of war is in irons at Camp Douglas for the murder of another prisoner of war. Shall he be forwarded for exchange?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. GEORGIA RESERVES AND MIL. DIST. OF GEORGIA,Macon, Ga., March 16, 1865.

Major-General GROVER, Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: By an agreement for exchange of prisoners it becomes necessary and proper to deliver within you lines over 5,000 prisoners of your army now held in this State. I propose to have these prisoners delivered at some convenient point near Savannah, Ga., say Doctor Town, on the Altamaha River. This note will be delivered by Colonel C. A. L. Lamar, who is authorized and directed to arrange with you for the delivery of these prisoners as indicated above. The delivery will be made immediately upon your announcement to me that you will receive them.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, &c.

