
be used exclusively for the passage of prisoners of war for exchange, the men and officers connected with said exchange, their transportation and effects, and that it shall be employed for no other purpose whatever without the mutual consent of the parties entering into this stipulation.

Fourth. That the Confederate Government shall guard the end of said pontoon bridge on the left bank of Big Black River and the Federal Government shall guard the end thereof on the right bank of said river.

Fifth. That the Federal Confederate shall repair immediately the railroad, putting the same in running condition, form the Four-Mille bridge on said road to this point, to be used exclusively for the purposes of the exchanges hereinbefore referred to, and for none other, except in special cases, and then only by consent of the parties hereunto agreeing.

Sixth. All Confederate prisoners shall be turned over and receipted for on the right bank of said Big Black River, and all Federal prisoners on the left bank thereof.

Seventh. The foregoing stipulation in this agreement are to remain in full force and effect for the space of thirty days from the date hereof, at the expiration whereof they shall ipso facto become null and void, unless re-entered into by competent authority of said Governments.

Eighth. At the expiration of the aforementioned truce the pontoon boats over the Big Black River shall be taken up and returned under escort to the U. S. lines in front of Vicksburg.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

N. G. WATTS,

Colonel, &c.

CITY POINT, VA., March 17, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN, Washington:

The agreement for the exchange of prisoners in close confinement or irons does not cover cases taken up after the agreement was entered into.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, March 17, 1865.

OFFICE COMMANDING U. S. BLOCKADING SQUADRON,

Off Saint Mark's:

SIR: In the letter part of January last a party of U. S. troops, either of the land or naval force, captured a lieutenant and eighteen men of the C. S. service at Rico's Bluff, on the Apalachicola River, and at other times captured on the coast a few soldiers engaged in making salt. I have heard that those prisoners were sent to Pensacola or Ship Island. In the skirmishing on the 5th or 6th instant near Newport Corpl. John P. Carlton and Private Wesley Hendry, of Company F, Fifth Battalion Florida Cavalry, were missing, and it is presumed they were captured by the U. S. troops and are now held as prisoners. I have certain prisoners of war captured within this district, and I now propose to exchange them for the prisoners above referred to on the

