
principle of the cartel of exchange now existing between the two Governments and agreeably to which exchanges are now made.

If you are not authorized to make the proposed exchange may I ask that you will inform me who has the authority and that you forward this communication to him?

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 18, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of prisoners captured by the Navy, now imprisoned in Fort Warren, with a brief memorandum of each case. Many of them have been confined upward of two years, as they were experienced seamen and it was deemed inexpedient to release them. The closing of the principal ports used by blockade-runners has deprived these parties of their power to inflict serious injury upon the Government or to aid the insurgents. It is therefore a matter of no great importance to detain them longer, and I have therefore the honor to turn them over to the War Department with a recommendation that they be exchanged.

This list embraces all confined in Fort Warren that the Department has not given instructions as to their disposition, excepting Alfred Brownell or Brummell. The circumstances in his case are that he was a clerk in the rebel Treasury Department and had been several times to Europe on their service. Just previous to his capture he had come from New York bringing paper, ink, plates, and materials for making rebel Treasury notes. He was captured May 17, 1863. It is suggested whether he should not be subjected to trial by a military court; also whether William D. Archer should be likewise tried.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 23, 1865.

Upon referring these two cases to the Secretary of War he did not think it worth while to order a trial unless the specification of crime could be made more definite and the evidence be more precise.

E. A. H [ITCHOCK],

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONERS OF EXCHANGE,

March 23, 1865.

The within list was sent to General Mulford, per letter of this date, with the following remarks, to wit:

The following is a list of blockade-runners and others-naval captures-now confined at Fort Warren, who may be made use of in procuring the release from rebel prisons of any of our men captured by the enemy, connected with the naval service, or severing on boats of any description in the public employ.

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

[Inclosure.]

List of blockade-runners and others-naval captures-now imprisoned in Fort Warren, who are turned over to the War Department for

