
pillows. State of quarters-very good. State of mess-houses-cleanly. State of kitchen-cleanly. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-circular of June 6, 1864, complied with. Water-excellent (Croton). Sinks-cleanly. Police of grounds-excellent. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-no hospital at post; prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton. Attendance of sick-Hospital Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning. Hospital diet-none at post. General health of prisoners-very good. Vigilance of guard-guards vigilant; prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions.-There are fifty-eight prisoners confined at this post, consisting of prisoners of war and state. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent. Everything allowed by existing orders is furnished to them, and a good degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellence of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES STEELHAMMER,

First Lieutenant, Seventeenth U. S. Infty., Post Adjt. and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received, is strictly adhered to.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Lafayette.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, January 8, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

128th Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 8, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-comfortable. Bedding-plenty of blankets, but little straw, and that old. State of quarters-fair. State of mess-houses-fair. State of kitchen-fair. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-prisoners' ration. Water-lake water and good. Sinks-fair. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-good and abundant. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions.-Whole number of prisoners, 3,219; number in hospital, 46; number deaths since last report, 3. One death from smallpox, and one case of smallpox in pest-house. Prisoner Lieutenant Amos C. Smith, Nineteenth Tennessee Infantry, has been in close confinement on low diet since November 17, 1864, for assisting a fellow-prisoners to escape. It is respectfully suggested that his punishment has been sufficiently severe, and that he be restored to his original status. Prisoner Colonel Daniel R. Hundley, Thirty-first Alabama Infantry, made his escape January 2 and was captured January 6, 1865.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infantry and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant-Colonel Scovill omitted to mention the escape of Lieutenant Rufus C. Jones, Ninth Alabama, on the 5th instant. That case, the

