
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD,

Agent for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

COLONEL: I have to-day directed that Adjutant Hollingsworth, of the late General Stuart's staff, be forwarded with next part from Johnson's Island, to be exchanged, if practicable, for Lieutenant Bradford, acting assistant commissary of subsistence. The former was on the staff of the late General Stuart, of the rebel Army, and the latter belongs to the staff of Major-General Torbert, on whose application Major-General Hitchcock requests the exchange to be made. Without declaring a special exchange, it will be sufficient if you can secure the release of the officers named on parole. On a paper which was referred to me by the Adjutant-General in reference to the duties which paroled officers may perform, I have placed the following indorsement, viz:

Paroled officers may perform any service with paroled troops, not armed, that may be necessary for the preservation of good order. A captain may have charge of his company, muster it for pay, draw rations for it, attend to its police, and conduct it from once parole camp to another. A medical officer on parole may attend to paroled soldiers.

It will be well, perhaps, to let Mr. Ould known the latitude as to duty which we understand to be allowed the parole. Please consult Lieutenant-General Grant in reference to this matter.

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MARCH 18, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington:

You will please amend exchange notice forwarded by me under date of March 4, 1865, to include all deliveries of Federal prisoners on James River up to and including the 25th day of March, 1865. This extension is made in consequence of a failure on the part of the enemy to deliver before the 10th certain prisoners which I claimed should be included in our exchange notice, and is made with consent of Mr. Ould. His declaration only includes 1st of March, 1865. You can also incorporate a clause in the notice declaring exchanged all naval prisoners delivered at any point within our lines previous to March 25, 1865.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

VARINE, March 18, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington:

By agreement with Honorable R. Ould, agent for exchange, all citizen prisoners delivered to U. S. authorities at whatever place on or before the 15th day of March, 1865, are released from parole. This agreement is mutual. I held the ninety-six citizens from Point Lookout until the following day for delivery. Consequently they are not included in above arrangement.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Brever Brigadier-General, &c.

