
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 18, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have just received notice from Brevet Brigadier-General Mulford, agent for exchange, of a further understanding between himself and Mr. Ould by which it is agreed that the time covered by the declaration of exchange as arranged by them on the 4th instant shall be extended from the 10th instant to include all deliveries of Federal prisoners on the James River up to and including the 25th of March, 1865. It has also been agreed that all Federal naval prisoners delivered at any point whithin our lines up to and including the same date (March 25, 1865) shall be declared exchanged. The agents for exchange have further agreed that all citizen prisoners delivered to the U. S. authorities at whatever place on or before the 15th day of March, 1865, are released from parole. This agreement is mutual. I have therefore the honor to request that the order about to be published announcing exchanges as requested in my letter of the 9th instant may be modified so as to embrace the further exchanges which have been arranged as herein reported. The exchange of rebel prisoners delivered on the James River is confined to deliveries up to and including March i, as at first agreed upon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

U. S. STEAMER MAHASKA,

Saint Mark's River, Fla., March 18, 1865.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, C. S. Army:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 17th instant relative to an exchange of prisoners. I do not know the names of any prisoners captured by our troops in the skirmishing near Newport on the 5th or 6th instant. The lieutenant and men captured at Rico's Bluff, on the Apalachicola River, were sent to Key West. I am not authorized to make the exchange you propose; this is a matter which rests with the War Department. I shall be happy, however, to forward your communication to Brigadier-General Newton at Key West.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM GIBSON,

Lieutenant-Commander, Commanding First Division,

East Gulf Blockading Squadron.

SALISBURY, March 18, 1865.

General S. COOPER:

I will remove Federal prisoners from the prison in a few days. The buildings can be turned over to the ordnance.

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP TOWNSEND, AUBREY TERRITORY,

Near Big Black River, Miss., March 18, 1865.

Brigadier General W. ADAMS, Commanding, &amp;c., Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am here attending to the duties of the bureau to which I belong. I am delivering Federal prisoners and receiving Confederate

