
provide for the shelter and security of some 5,000 men, in anticipation of that number being assembled here during the campaign, while waiting for transportation for exchange or confinement elsewhere.

The prison here was originally intended for the confinement of military and civil prisoners, but under the stress of circumstances prisoners of war were sent here. In a few days the Federal prisoners will have been removed, when the building will be turned over to the Ordnance Department. I told that I have nothing to do with other prisoners than prisoners of war. The post commandant is the officer to control Confederate prisoners here. I have been informed that the ordnance officer here will construct a prison for their men, thus enabling the post commander to hand over to his control all the buildings now used as prisons. A portion of these buildings can be immediately used by the Ordnance Department.

I shall proceed to carry out the views expressed in this letter unless otherwise directed by the authorities in Richmond. I shall write to General Johnston to know if he regards this as a suitable point for the purpose. His answer may modify my intentions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFFICE,

Numbers 40. Washington, March 20, 1865.

Exchange of prisoners of war.

Official notification has been received of the following exchanges of prisoners of war:

All U. S. officers and men, prisoners of war (not heretofore declared exchanged), who were delivered on parole at Savannah, Ga., and Charleston, S. C., during the months of November and December, 1864, and all (not heretofore declared exchanged) delivered on parole on the James River, Virginia, from the 25th day of November, 1864, to the 25th day of March, 1865, both days inclusive, and all naval prisoners delivered at any points up to March 10, 1865.

The officers and enlisted men of the military service whose exchange is announced above, if in depot, will be ordered to their respective commands; if on leave of absence, will join their proper commands at the expiration of their leaves.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Daniel Davis, a Confederate officer, is held in close confinement and at hard labor with convicts at Fort Warren. Some time ago a Federal officer was selected in retaliation and put in close confinement for Lieutenant Davis. When, however, the recent agreement was made about this class of prisoners I immediately delivered the Federal officer to your authorities. Nothwistanding my prompt action, however, Lieutenant Davis is still retained in the manner I have mentioned. Captain Gordon and Major Armesy, of our service, were captured at the same time with Lieutenant Davis and were held,

