
like him, in close confinement. They, however, have been released and sent to us. Why Lieutenant Davis is retained I cannot conceive. I have brought this case several times to the attention of your authorities, but no action has been taken. I will thank you to cause him to be released and sent to us.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent to Exchange.

RICHMOND, March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The following-named Confederate soldiers are now in close confinement in the penitenatiary at Nasvhille. They are all privates and belong to the commands indicated. Some, if not most of them, are dressed is convict clothes:

H. L. Bell, Tenth Tennessee Cavalry; John O. Scarborough, Eighth Kentucky; John S. Holder, Fourth Tennessee; Z. F. Bailey, Richard King, Eighth Kentucky; J. Phillips, H. F. Phillips, Lyon's command; R. B. Vaughan, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry; Private Reaves, Ninth Tennessee; Y. K. Miller, Jesse Brodway, Forrest's command.

I will thank you to cause an order to be issued for their release and delivery.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,

Numbers 24. New York City, March 20, 1865.

I. Before a military commission, which convened at Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, and at New York City, by virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 14, current series, from these headquarters, of January 17, 1865, and of which Brigadier General Fitz-Henry Warren, U. S. Volunteers, is president, was arraigned and tried:

Robert C. Kennedy.

CHARGE I: Acting as a spy.

Specification 1.- In this, that Robert C. Kennedy, a captain in the military service of the insurgent States, was found acting as a spy in the city of New York, in the State of New York, on or about the 1st day of November, 1864.

Specification 2.- In this, that Robert C. Kennedy, a captain in the military service of the insurgent States, was found acting as a spy in the city of Detroit, in the State of Michigan, on or about the 29th day of December, 1864.

CHARGE II: Violation of the laws of war.

Specification.- In this, that Robert C. Kennedy, a captain in the military service of the insurgent States, undertook to carry on irregular and unlawful warfare in the city and State of New York, and in the execution of said undertaking attempted to burn and destroy said city of New York by setting fire thereto. All this in said city of New York on or about the 25th day of November, 1864.

To which charges and specification the accused pleaded not guilty.

FINDING.

Of specification 1, charge I, guilty.

Of specification 2, charge I, guilty.

Of charge I, guilty.

Of specification, charge II, guilty.

Of charge II, guilty.

