
the South was cut off, in consequence of which he is unable to obtain any information, and expects to hear by way of our lines. I have been expecting our deliveries of Confederate prisoners at this point would fall off, but as yet there is no abatement. I would suggest that General Hoffman be requested to limit the shipments for the present to some 2,000 or 3,000 per week, at least until we learn what is being done at other points. Have you any information concerning the officers who were at Fort Pulaski?

JNO E. MULFORD,

Colonel and U. S. Assistant Agent for Exchange.

CITY POINT, VA., March 21, 1865.

Brigadier-General MULFORD,

(Care General Ord.)

I do not know what has been done with the officers at Fort Pulaski. I sent orders to have them delivered at Charleston. Before the order was received Charleston had fallen into our possession. I then sent orders to have them sent to the James River. Before that order was received General Gillmore wrote to me that, having received my first order, which had been directed to General Foster, he had sent a flag to find an enemy to deliver the prisoners to. I have heard nothing since.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 21, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General JOHN E. MULFORD:

You will please put in writing and forward to these headquarters terms and conditions of the existing agreement entered into between you and Judge Ould, under which prisoners of war are being exchanged, and the number delivered on each side up to date under the present arrangement. You will also please put in writing, and forward as above requested, the agreement entered into between you and Judge Ould on the inclosed correspondence between the lieutenant-general and General R. E. Lee, relating to certain prisoners alleged to have been held in Richmond, and a general exchange of citizen prisoners not under charges of being spies or under conviction for offenses against the laws of war, and if the prisoners referred to have been released. Please comply with above request at the earliest possible moment.

JNO A. RAWILINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., March 21, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I had the honor this day to dispatch to you a telegram relative to our embarrassment occasioned by the recent inundation of the Chemung River, and would now submit more explicit detail of the case. The rapid rise of the stream on the night of the 16th instant made it clear that the low flat upon which the smallpox ward was located

