
view of their being immediately put into the ranks. If the rebels desire and propose it this course may be adopted in North Carolina if you deem proper.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, March 22, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The officers who were recently sent from Nashville, Tenn., some eight or nine in number, concur in the statement that the following-named Confederate officers and soldiers were hung in Nashville at the times named, to wit:

Lieutenant Mosely, on the 30th of September, 1864; Captain J. F. Fraley, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, in May, 1864; Private Lee Cathey, Forty-first Tennessee, in June, 1864; Private William Lemmon, Seventeenth Mississippi, in June, 1864; Private Jesse Nearing, Thirty-second Tennessee, in June, 1864; Private Robert T. Grossett, Forty-second Tennessee, on the 8th of July, 1864; two brothers by the name of West, belonging to the Thirty-second Tennessee, in June, 1864.

Several of the returned officers witnessed the executions.

These men belonged to regular commands and were in the discharge of their duty when captured. I will thank you to inform me why these executions took place, and why Confederate soldiers, whom the fortune of war has thrown in the hands of your military authorities, are thus treated. It is very easy for you to find out the truth or falsity of this representation, and I therefore request an early response to this communication.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CITY POINT, VA., March 22, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. E. MULFORD,

Agent of Exchange, Varina Landing

Lieutenant-General Grant has directed that all transports, with the exception of the New York, which have been turned over to you for the exchange of prisoners be withdrawn from that purpose and sent to me. The necessity is urgent. When can I have the convoys Manhattan and Robert Morris? Send all as soon as possible. Answer.

G. W. BRADLEY,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

MACON, March 22, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Was on my way to Richmond. Met Captain Rutherford with orders for disposition of prisoners in the West. Learn from him prisoners were being rapidly paroled for exchange. I have consented to give attention for the present to the West. Please advise whether I shall visit Richmond or await orders at Montgomery.

G. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General.

