
[First indorsement.]

MARCH 23, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

For report and copy of order sent to General Pillow.

By command of Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 23, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War, with copies of the orders called for*.

General Pillow has been furnished, through General J. E. Johnston, with copies of the orders in his case and has also had the substance of them telegraphed to him direct. No general order has yet been issued relieving General Pillow from duty as Commissary-General of Prisoners, but telegraph XL, Special Orders, Numbers 48, current series, from this office, revokes the general order assigning him to that duty.

By order of Adjutant and Inspector General:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

EAST OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER,

Numbers 6. Salisbury, N. C., March 22, 1865.

I. All officers of the prison department who are exercising separate commands will without delay forward to these headquarters the following reports:

First. A field return of all troops serving under this commanders as prison guards, including therewith all detailed men in what capacity soever serving.

Second. A roll of all Federal prisoners in their charge, according to the from heretofore in use, to include all prisoners on hand on the 1st proximo.

Third. A list of all officers on duty with each command showing name, regiment, and company, how employed, date of assignment to prison department, and authority for such assignment, giving number and date of orders in all case [in] which it is practicable. When this cannot be done the authority must be specially set forth in the column of remarks.

Fourth. A similar list of the foregoing, embracing all detailed men on duty at each post, or in each staff department, or in any way therewith connected, specifying in the column of remarks whether the man is provided with a certificate of disability for field service, and by what medical board or medical officer such certificate was granted.

II. On the first of each month the commanding officer of each prison will forward to these headquarters:

First. A field return of troops serving at his post as prison guards, similar to that called for in paragraph I.

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 84, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Vol. VII, this series, p. 1150; General Orders, Numbers 6, February 14, 1865, p. 224; also, Special Orders, Numbers 48, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, February 27, and Special Orders, Numbers 51, March 2, 1865, Series I. Vol. XLVII, Part II, pp. 1284, 1313.

---------------

