
his duties as designated in paragraphs I, II, and III, General Orders, Numbers 84, 1864.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, March 25, 1865-1.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The rebel officers reported by Mr. Ould as wearing ball and chain at Alton are not in close confinement. They are not now, nor have they been, wearing ball and chain, but they are sentenced to confinement for various periods. Shall they be forwarded for exchange?

Respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CITY POINT, VA., March 25, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

Forward all men referred to in your dispatch of 1.15 p. m. for exchange.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, March 25, 1865-6 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

Headquarters Department of the East, New York:

SIR: I have the honor to report that last night, about half after 10 o'clock, I visited Kennedy, taking with me Mr. Howard, of the New York Times. After some conversation relative to the matter for which he has been sentenced, he made the following confession. He requested that I would make no use of his confession to his detriment, in case a respite or reprieve should be received. * * *

I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Confession of Robert C. Kennedy.

After my escape from Jonson's Island I went to Canada, where I met a number of Confederates. They asked me if I was willing to go on an expedition. I replied, "Yes; if it is in the service of my country." They said, "It's all right", but gave no intimation of its nature, nor did I ask for any. I was then sent to New York, where I staid some time. They were eight men in our party, of whom two fled to Canada. After we had been in New York three weeks we were told that the object of the expedition was to retaliate on the North for the atrocities in the Shenandoah Valley. It was designed to set fire to the city on the night of the Presidential election, but the phosphorus was not ready and it was put off until the 25th of November. I was stopping at the Belmont House, but moved into Prince street. I set fire to four

