
places-Barnum's Museum, Lovejoy's Hotel, Tammany Hotel, and the New England House. The others only started fires in the house where each was lodging and then ran off. Had they all done as I did we would have had thirty-two fires and played a huge joke on the fire department. I know that I am to be hung for setting fire to Barnum's Museum, but that was only a joke. I had no idea of doing it. I had been drinking and went it there with a friend, and, just to scare the people, I emptied a bottle of phosphorus on the floor. We knew it wouldn't set fire to the wood, for we had tried it before, and at one time concluded to give the whole thing up.

There was no fiendishness about it. After setting fire to my flour places I walked the streets all night and went to the Exchange Hotel early in the morning. We all met there that morning and the next night. My friend and I had rooms there, but was sat in the office nearly all the time reading the papers, while we were watched by the detectives of whom hotel was full. I expected to die then, and if I had it would have been all right; but now it seems rather hard. I escaped to Canada, and was glad enough when I crossed the bridge in safety.

I desired, however, to return to my command, and started with my friend for the Confederacy via Detroit. Just before entering the city he received an intimation that the detectives were on the lookout for us, and giving me signal, he jumped from the cars. I didn't notice the signal, but kept on and arrested in the depot.

I wish to say that killing women and children was the last thing though of. We wanted to let the people of the North understand that there are two sides to this war, and that they can't be rolling in wealth and comfort while we at the South are bearing all the hardships and privations.

In retaliation for Sheridan's atrocities in the Shenandoah Valley we desired to destroy property, not the lives of women and children, although that would of course have followed in its train.

Done in the presence of Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 25, 1865.

Bvt. Brig Ben. W. W. MORRIS,

Commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md.:

Mr. Ould reports to Lieutenant-General Grant that Captain C. A. Marshal is confined at Fort McHenry, and that other prisoners of war are held there in close confinement. My telegrams of the 18th and 19th ultimo, by order of Lieutenant-General Grant, directed that all prisoners of war in irons or in close confinement should be forwarded for exchange. No report has been received at this office that prisoners confined as above have been forwarded, and it is therefore presumed that there were none so confined at Fort McHenry. Please inform me whether Mr. Ould has been correctly informed. The only exception which is to be made in regard to guerrillas is that they will not be forwarded for exchanged till the last. I have not seen any order relieving you from the command of Fort McHenry, and therefore I continue to address you as the commanding officer. If I am in error in this please refer this letter to the officer who is in command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

