
to death in prison. He was captured on the 26th of June, 1863, at South Anna Bridge, Va., where he made a determined stand against over-whelming numbers. He is a young lawyer of promise and one of the most influential men in his county and district, and if you can procure from him and exchange you will [do] his parents and friends a favor that gratitude cannot repay. He is a man for the times, and can accomplish more good for our cause than any one in this vicinity. Hoping that you will favor the colonel with and early exchange, and all those with him,

I am, colonel, yours, very respectfully,

SAML. J. PARHAM,

Captain Company K, Fifty-fourth North Carolina Troops.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COM. GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Numbers 1. Richmond, March 25, 1865.

I. In comformity with paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 69, dated Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., March 24, 1865, the undersigned enters upon the duties of Commissary-General of Prisoners.

II. Existing orders, regulations, and instructions will remain in full force until abrogated.

III. The following staff officers and their stations are announced:

1. Captain R. M. Hooe, assistant adjutant-general, chief of staff, headquarters, Augusta, Ga.

2. Captain W. S. Winder, assistant adjutant-general, headquarters, Augusta, Ga., temporarily, Salisbury, N. C.

3. Captain R. B. Winder, chief quatermaster, headquarters, Augusta, Ga.

4. Surg. I. H. White, chief surgeon, headquarters, Augusta, Ga.

5. First Lieutenant M. B. Ruggles, aide-de-camp.

IV. Headquarters are hereby established at Augusta, Ga., and all returns, reports, and communications for the Commissary-General of Prisoners will be made to the chief of the respective staff departments.

V. Major E. Griswold, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty at Richmond, Va., as staff officer, to whom the transaction of all local business requiring the official action of the Commissary-General of Prisoners is under special instructions intrusted.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,Macon, March 26, 1865.

The U. S. COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS:

It is a high Christian duty of Governments to treat prisoners of war with kindness and to make them as comfortable as the hardships of war will allow.

I propose the adoption of a mutual system of kind treatment to prisoners of war.

Circumstances beyond the control of my Government prevented proper provisions for the great number of prisoners accumulated in its hands. This produced exasperation on the part of your Government in the treatment of our men.

It would be productive of no good result to attempt to discuss the question of responsibility. I am persuaded that both Governments

28 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII

