
The events of this war in the future may repeat these sufferings if some such system as that now proposed be not be adopted. These brave men are but doing what they consider their duty to their respective Governments, and it is a duty alike to the cause of humanity, to the character of both Governments, and to the Great River of Nations, to whom both Governments appeal for the rectitude of their actions, to put an end to a practice they both condemn.

If any other plan can be suggested effecting the object sought of mutual kind treatment of prisoners of war it will receive the support and approval of the Confederate Government. As both Governments are now emptying their prisoners by exchanges, the present moment is favorable for the adoption of the system proposed.

In the hope, general, that this communication will receive your respectful consideration and early attention,

I am, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier General and Commissary-General of Prisoners, C. S. Army.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, General-in-Chief:

SIR: I find through General Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, that we have been delivering many more prisoners of war than we have any account of having received, to wit, 24,200 to 16,700.

I understand from General Hoffman that in all cases the prisoners we send and accompanied by proper, duly authenticated, but that many parties of prisoners arrived at Annapolis without any rolls whatever, and their number is ther ascertained by our own inspections. Here, as it appears to me, are two sources of difficulty. The correction of one of them is to suspend farther deliveries until we receive equivalents; the other is to require rolls to be delivered with the prisoners, and in failure to receive them Judge Ould should be given to understand that we must claim the right to appeal to our own inspections in determining the number sent from the other side.

Respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army, City Point, Va.:

Since the 1st of February 16,700 parole prisoners of war have arrived at Annapolis; 24,200 rebel prisoners of war have been delivered through General Mulford. Shall I continue to send them forward?

Respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CITY POINT, VA., March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I presume a large number of our prisoners are yet to arrive from Wilmigton, and also from the Mississippi River. You may, however,

