
discontinue the deliveries of rebel prisoners except so fast as the steamer New York can bring them. Discharge all other vessels engaged in the business.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 27, 1865.

AMOS PILSBURY, Esq.,

Superintendent Alabany Penitentiary, Alabany, N. Y.:

SIR: By authority of the Secretary of War I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to request that Hammond Claude, private, Company C, First Maryland Cavalry, now confined at Alabany penitentiary, and William H. Rodgers, if still in confinement, held under the same circumstances with Samuel B. Hearn, Braxton Lyon, and John R. H. Embert, who were recently released and forwarded for exchange, be transferred to Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md., and turned over to the commanding officer of the post, to be sent with first party going from there for exchange. If there are any other prisoners under your charge of the class mentioned and held under similar circumstances you are respectfully requested to make special report of their cases to this office, giving charges in each case, natural of sentence, and by whose order confined. Please report your action in the case of Claude and Rogers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Fourth Separate Brigade, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: This will be carried to your outpost by Captain John C. Rutherford, C. S. Army, under flag of truce. He is the bearer of a letter from Brigadier-General Pillow, Commissary-General of Prisoners, C. S. Army, addressed to the officer commanding Federal Forces, Jacksonville*. Captain Rutherford is also charge with the duty of paroling and sending within the lines occupied by the U. S. troops for exchange the prisoners of war held by the Confederate States and now confined within certain States, Georgia and Florida among others. This exchange is in accordance with terms agreed on between Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, and the proper authorities of the Confederate States. Under existing circumstances the prisoners in Georgia and in this State can be delivered more conveniently and comfortably to themselves at Jacksonville than Mobile.

If you will receive the prisoners and receipt for them as paroled prisoners for exchange I will do all in my power to send them without delay to Jacksonville.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Pillow to Commanding Officer, &c., March 24, p. 427.

---------------

