HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,Danville, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of the 25th asking what number of Federal prisoners is under my command, to which I replied that there were 583 prisoners here awaiting transportation. Since this telegram was sent 180 have arrived. Captain Waller, chief quatermaster, informs me that he cannot furnish trains, as the Quatermaster-General has ordered him to transport provisions and hold prisoners here. Should there be any immediate necessity for these prisoners to be sent on for exchange, it would be incumbent upon to procure an order from headquarters at Richmond, as I cannot impress trains at this point.

Awaiting your orders on his subject,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT C. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR, Commanding, Meridian:

GENERAL: Humanity, simply humanity, caused me to commit this breach of etiquette. I hope the same feeling will prompt you to forgive. The Federal prisoners could not have attention in the hospitals at this place; they were dying on the roadside with no food and no one to feed them. The Federal offered to send fifteen ambulances and nineteen wagons under our guard (feeding horses and men) to relieve the suffering of their men. They sent their chief surgeon with me, under parole of honor to see anything and say nothing, this same surgeon having been in every raid the Yankees had made and could learn nothing of roads or persons that he did not already know. These ambulances, with your sanction, are to keep running, not only for their prisoners but ours, until the present exchange is over.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Colonel and Agent.

SALISBURY, N. C., March 27, 1865.

Colonel H. FORNO:

COLONEL: At your request I cheerfully furnish you the following statement, to wit: On the afternoon of the 14th of February last I was directed by you to see Captain T. R. Sharp, transportation agent, as to providing cars for the removal of the balance of Federal prisoners from Columbia, S. C. I did so, and Captain Sharp informed me that the cars would be at the depot and ready for the prisoners in less than one hour from the time he spoke to me. I reported what Captain Sharp had said to you, and you directed me to inform Major Griswold and to tell him to move the prisoners at once, and I did so. I went first to Mr. J. A. Bowen's (sutler) house, where Major Griswold was staying, and not finding Major Griswold that I went to the Asylum Prison and found him forming his command. I informed him that you had directed me to tell him what Captain Sharp he said, and to move

