
the prisoners accordingly, and he said he knew it already and was then preparing to remove the prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. RICHARDSON,

Captain and Assistant Quatermaster.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 28, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. E. MULFORD,

Agent for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: It is reported to this office by officers who conduct prisoners of war to City Point for exchange that they are delivered to the enemy without calling their names, and that you decline giving a receipt for them according to grades. If these reports are true it will be impossible to know what prisoners have been released on parole or what the aggregate number will be when reduced to privates. I have therefore to request that no prisoners may be delivered without calling the roll which accompanies them, and that no it a note may be made opposite the name of every absent prisoner, showing what has become of him. This roll, forwarded immediately to this office, will account for all the prisoners, but unless you keep a memorandum of the number, according to grades, of each delivery you will not be able at any time to arrange an exchange. Please forward immediately all rolls in your possession of rebel prisoners delivered on parole.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

VARINA, [March] 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I am informed by Mr. Ould that there are now at the South, east of the Mississippi, about 10,000 men whom he has sent an officer to deliver to our authorities at or near Mobile. They hold outside of that number in and about Richmond and North Carolina about 2,000, including the recent captures before Petersburg. All are to be released at once.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 28, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have receive from Major General E. A. Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange, a list of Federal officers and men prisoners of war, who were delivered by the enemy on parole at Baton Rouge and who have since been exchanged, on the 4th instant, by the delivery of equivalents at Mobile, Ala. The list is furnished to General Hitchcock by Colonel Dwight, agent for exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi. It is not made on the banks furnished from this office, nor does it give the place or time of capture, nor is any list furnished of the equivalents exchanged for whom these prisoners were exchanged. In order to keep up the records of this office it is necessary that a complete history of all prisoners delivered to us no parole by the enemy and

