
I will pay $100 reward for his capture and detention until I can get him. I desire the most active and efficient measures by provost-marshals and their subordinates, by officers and soldiers in the service and by the civil police.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MORTON,Indianapolis, Ind., January 8, 1865.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 7, 1865:

Conduct-very quiet; no attempts to escape. Cleanliness-good state. Clothing-good. Bedding-good. State of quarters-kept thoroughly policed. State of mess-houses-have none. State of kitchen- good. Food, quality of-first class. Food, quantity of-sufficient, being in accordance to orders. Water-sufficient. Sinks-sufficient for the cold weather. Police of grounds-thorough. Drainage-complete. Police of hospital-thorough. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-first class. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-both officers and enlisted men have been very vigilant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., January 8, 1865.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding Camp Douglas, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 8, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-the majority are comfortably clothed. Bedding-many of the prisoners are destitute of beds of any kind. State of quarters-excellent. State of mess-houses-good. State of kitchen-excellent, perfectly clean. Food, quality of-sufficient to sustain life; good. Food, quantity of-barely sufficient in this climate. Water-plenty. Sinks-in good condition. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-good, considering the grounds. Police of hospital-fair. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-good. General health of prisoners-fair. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions.-I would earnestly recommend that the ration be increased, or that the sutler be allowed to sell flour and potatoes in limited quantities, under the direction of the commanding officer of the post. I am well satisfied from experience that if the sutler in the prison square was allowed to sell all articles enumerated and allowed to be sent by the friends of prisoners, as provided by General Orders, Numbers 299, Adjutant-General's Office, 1864, the Government would save largely in the cost of medicines. Antiscorbutic are indispensably necessary to save life. Cooking-stoves would be much cheaper to use in the kitchens than the Farmer boilers now there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. P. SHURLY,

Captain, Eighth Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, and Insp. Officer.

