
of-good. Food, quantity of-sufficient. Water-plenty. Sinks-pretty clean. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-same. Hospital diet-first rate. General health of prisoners-improving. Vigilance of guard-no complaints.

Remarks and suggestions.- I have the honor to inclose herewith the estimate of the cost for the necessary at Myrtle Street Prison mentioned in my special report of March 18. Most of these repairs are absolutely necessary, and some ought to be commenced with at once. It is a matter of course that all the work that can possibly be done by prisoners, as whitewashing and the necessary assistance for the paving, will de done by prisoners; and while these repairs are going on I shall carefully try to economize wherever it is possible, as well as if it was to be paid by myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-first Missouri Infantry and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

In forwarding approved this report of Lieutenant-Colonel Heinrichs I desire to state that I consider the repairs estimated for in the inclosed paper* very necessary, and respectfully ask that the order be given. At the Myrtle Stree Prison there have been no repairs or improvements. It was originally a slave-pen, and a poor place at the best. The prison is in the heart of the city, and it is almost certain that if these repairs are not made as warm weather approaches there will be much sickness. The bunks and the floor are almost entirely worn out, and the pavements of the yard have been upheaved by the spring frosts. It is greatly hoped that these little jobs will be allowed. If the work can be done any lower that the estimate it will be.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel Tenth Minn. Infty., Pro. March General, Depot. of the Missouri.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS,Key West, Fla., March 28, 1865.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Tallahassee, Fla.:

SIR: Your proposal for exchange of prisoners, dated March 17, 1865 and addressed to "the officer commanding U. S. Blockading Squadron off Saint Mark's", has been by him referred to me. I shall refer this proposal to Major-General Canby, at New Orleans, at the earliest moment and communicate to you the result. In the meantime I have to inquire, first, whether back soldiers of the U. S. Army, prisoners of war in yours hands, have been put to work for the benefit of your Government and troops, and are now so kept? Second. Whether Strickland and another enlisted man of the Second Florida Cavalry, United States, have been put to death by your authority after capture, and for what cause? Third. Whether Lieutenant Wilson, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, captured with a small party of his men on the 7th instant, has been, with his men, treated as prisoners of war? It is under testimony that Lieutenant Wilson's life was threatened, and several

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

