
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 29, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Judge Ould replies that the enemy are making deliveries according to date of capture in compliance with what he has been urging for more than a year. If this rule be adhered to it will be a tolerably long time before General Johnson is delivered. He does not think it would be good policy to interfere with the rule if we can avoid it.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

SALISBURY, N. C., March 29, 1865.

Colonel W. H. HATCH, Assistant Commissioner of Exchange:

COLONEL: I forwarded some time ago, according to orders received, the funds remaining in my hands belonging to Federal prisoners of war, with a statement showing to whom they belonged and the amounts and kind of moneys they were due in. These-the funds and the statement-were forwarded by Captain T. R. Stewart. I see by a receipt from yourself that he failed to deliver the gold. I turned over to him $195.50. Be pleased to inform me whatever the statement I forwarded remained intact and called for $374 in gold, and also what arrangement is proposed to be made in reference to the deficiency. Having had these matters in charge, and being the one to whom the Federals will look for the amounts they left in my hands, I, of course, feel some interest in the matter. I was opposed to giving up these funds to any other, and especially to an unbounded officer, but was compelled to do so by orders from Colonel Forno.

Please address your reply to the care of Colonel J. G. Tucker, First Regiment Pioneer Corps, General Johnston's army, Raleigh, N. C.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. RICHARDSON,

Captain and Assistant Quatermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,March 30, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

General Howell Cobb, of the Confederate Army, desires to deliver to me over 5,000 Union prisoners, and I shall receive them on and after the 8th of March [April], unless I get orders on the subject. The papers relating to it are sent by mail.

Your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 30, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN E. MULFORD:

How many prisoners are you receiving from the North on an average daily? Are they coming too fast? Hitchcock and Hoffman represent that we have delivered over 4,000 more than we have received.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

