
VARINA, VA., March 30, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS, Assistant-General, City Point, Va.:

Arrivals of late have been slow; less than 1,600 during the past week. General Hitchcock and Hoffman do not take into account the balance of near 8,000 due the enemy on the Savannah and Charleston delivery, which were to be make up here. Deliveries are also being made in the South by the enemy, though to what extent I am unaware.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 18. Richmond, Va., March 30, 1865.

I. Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 6, current series, is hereby revoked, and Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, Provisional Army, C. S., is constituted Commissary-General of Prisoners, and will at once enter upon his duties as designated in paragraphs I, II, and III, General Orders, Numbers 84, of 1864.

* * * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., [March] 30, 1865.

Captain W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Salisbury, N. C.:

Carry out existing orders and confer with commanders of military prisons to insure security of prisoners of war under their charge. Report by telegram and letter matters of pressing importance.

DANIEL RUGGLESD,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 31, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: In the accompanying note* Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange, requests me to bring to your notice certain irregularities and neglects that appear to exist in the performance of the duties of the assistant agent for exchange at City Point, to which I have called the general's attention, and with a view to remedy this defective practice, if is exists, I beg leave to lay the following matter before you: It is reported by officers who have conducted prisoners of war to City Point that they are delivered to the rebel agent by count, and not by calling the roll which is sent with them. The consequence is-many having died by the way, escaped, or been left sick in hospital-it is impossible to say who of the prisoners have been delivered and who have not, and as many are non-commissioned officers it will not be practicable to reduce them to their equivalent numbers in privates, which is necessary in arranging an exchange.

---------------

* See March 29, p. 444.

---------------

