
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 5. New Orleans, La., January 8, 1865.

1. All the officers and enlisted men, prisoners of war, who were delivered on parole to Colonel Charles C. Dwight, agent of exchange for this military division, at Red River Landing, La., June 17, 1864, not heretofore exchanged, are hereby declared duly exchanged and will return to duty.

2. All the officers and enlisted men and employees of the quartermaster's department, prisoners of war, who were delivered on parole at Galveston, Tex., on the 12th and 19th days of December, 1864, respectively, are hereby declared duly exchanged and will return to duty.

3. The commanding general of the Defenses of New Orleans will cause all prisoners herein declared exchanged who are now in parole camp in this city to be sent to their several regiments and commands.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 8, 1865.

Commodore J. S. PALMER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, New Orleans:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the officers and seamen of the U. S. Navy paroled at Camp Groce, Tex., December 15, 1864, and delivered on parole to Commander J. R. M. Mullany, U. S. Navy, at Galveston, Tex., December 19, 1864, have been duly exchanged by the delivery of equivalents at Mobile, Ala., on the 6th instant. The officers and seamen above referred to may therefore be at once returned to duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

RICHMOND, VA., January 8, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

SIR: Your note of the 3rd instant was received yesterday. General Hayes and Colonel Weld will be given, as you suggest, such a parole as will enable them "to receive and distribute to the U. S. prisoners of war such articles of clothing and other necessaries as may be issued by the Government or contributed from other sources." I will be ready at any time you may designate to receive any supplies which you may send at Boulware's Wharf, on James River, and at Charleston Harbor. Those which are sent to James River will be distributed amongst the prisoners at Richmond, Danville, and Salisbury, and those received at Charleston will be forwarded to the other points where your prisoners are confined.

There are about 20,000 prisoners at the three places first named, and 25,000 farther south.

I will be obliged to you if you will give Major-General Trimble a parole similar to that given General Beall, in order that he may assist the latter in the discharge of his duties.

