
[Indorsement.]

Abstract. Charges against Hoke been forwarded to Holmes for trial. Death of prisoners result of abuses so fully reported by Colonel Chandler and other inspectors, and which were submitted in hopes that measures might be adopted to remove the reproach resting upon us in their treatment, and at the same time secure to our own captured people the benefits of exchange. Recommend that Major Griswold, now a supernumerary, be dropped, as this report represents him to be of little service to the Government.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.*]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 58. Richmond, Va., March 11, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XX. Captain J. Louis Smith, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed to Salisbury, N. C., and thence to the points of exchange of the Federal prisoners, and examine into and report upon the system and management regulating their march between the prisons and the point of delivery, and their exchange on reaching those points.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISONS, &amp;C.,Salisbury, N. C., March 10, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

(Brigadier-General Gardner's Staff.)

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the removal of the prisoners of war from Columbia and Florence, S. C.:

The death of Brigadier-General Winder at Florence on the 6th of February left me, as senior officer present, responsible for the security of the prisoners at Columbia and Florence. The rapid advance of the enemy under Sherman made it a matter of urgency to mature arrangements for their removal. General Winder, after consulting with General Beauregard, had decided that the safest locality for the prisoners would be found in Southwest Georgia, and, being ignorant of the progress of negotiations for an exchange, had decided on removing them in that direction. Being fully in possession of General Winder's views, I determined to carry out his intentions, and on the 11th of February I telegraphed H. M. Drane, esq., railroad superintendent at Wilmingston, to be prepared to furnish transportation for 5,000 prisoners from Florence to Columbia. Difficulty as to guarding them en route with the force at my disposal was the next consideration, and I at once communicated with General Bragg, at Wilmington, and Lieutenant-General Hardee, at Charleston, on the subject. Neither, however, could afford me any assistance. Pending their answers I called on Governor Magrath, of South Carolina, to ascertain what aid he could furnish me from the reserves of his State. Governor Magrath was unable to give me any troops and referred me to Brigadier-General Chesnut, commanding South Carolina Reserves, who informed me that his forces were so scattered that he could not furnish me with any aid. General Garlington, adjutant-general of South Carolina, however, placed

---------------

*Inclosure Numbers 1 (charges against Hoke) not found.

---------------

