
the prisons, the prison department, and the Government if they are compelled to leave without it, many of them in want of clothing, &amp;c.

I know, colonel, that this state of things in regard to their money is in positive violation of your orders, and I am satisfied from the frequent and timely reports I have made you on the subject you will hold me blameless.

I am, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

E. GRISWOLD,

Major, Commanding Federal Officers.

OFFICE CONFEDERATE STATES MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., March 31, 1865.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

(Through Major Carrington, provost-marshal.)

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiries in reference to Federal money received from prisoners, I have the honor to state that all such moneys taken under orders from headquarters have been turned over from time to time to Captain Morfit, assistant quartermaster. I hold the captain's receipts for same.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. P. TURNER,

Major, &c.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Richmond, Va., March 31, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that no regular settlement, adjudication, or returns exist, so far as I am at present informed, covering the whole question of moneys, valuables, &c., taken from Federal prisoners of war, and that there is now a large accumulation of them in Richmond, Va., in the keeping of certain depositaries, covering a period of nearly two years.

I respectfully recommend that a board of three officers, specially selected, be ordered to report carefully on the whole subject, specifying amount of money and articles of value accumulated, from whom taken, with a recommendation as to an equitable disposition of them. This seems important in connection with the introduction of a rigid system of official accountability in that branch of the service.

I respectfully suggest T. G. Peyton, in Adjutant-General's Department, be one of the officers selected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Richmond, Va., March 31, 1865.

The following regulations for the government of the C. S. military prisons are published for information and observance:

I. The commanding officer of each military prison, camp, or station will be held responsible for the good order and military discipline of his command, and the security of all prisoners committed to his charge.

