
II. The names, rank, and corps of prisoners of war, on arrival at a prison camp or station, will be verified by a critical comparison with rolls sent with them, and all errors noted and, if practicable, corrected under the direction or supervision of the commanding officer. Prisoners delivered without rolls will be immediately taken up by name, from their own statements, and held like other prisoners, in conformity with articles 80, 81, and 82, of the Articles of War. In all cases where negro prisoners of war are delivered a separate roll, specifying the military organization to which they belong, will be kept with them.

III. Prisoners on arriving at a military prison, camp, or station will be immediately required to give up all arms, military equipments, and munitions of war of every description, which will without delay be turned over to the Ordnance Department. At military prisons and other places of reception of prisoners a bonded staff officer, if practicable, will be designated by the commanding officer to take charge of, on his official responsibility, all Federal money and other valuables found in the possession of the prisoners, receipting for the same, and keeping an exact record of the amount and kind of money, or of the articles thus taken, specifying carefully the time, place at which, name, rank, and corps of the prisoner from whom taken. The staff officer charged with this duty will make semi-monthly returns in duplicate of all moneys and articles thus taken, through his commanding officer, to the chief quartermaster at these headquarters. When prisoners are transferred from one prison to another all property belonging to them will be transferred with them, and if necessary under the charge of a special messenger, and when released or exchanged their money or valuables will, on presentation of the receipts held by them, be returned to them. Commanding officers will be held responsible for the careful execution of this duty.

IV. When prisoners of war are paroled for exchange parole-rolls in duplicate, signed by each prisoner and certified by the commanding officer, will be made. One of the Confederate commissioner, one for the Federal commissioner of exchange, and an abstract report will be sent to the Commissary-General of Prisoners. When prisoners of war are transferred from one military prison to another an accurate roll, containing full information carefully stated, will be sent with them and a copy forwarded to these headquarters. The officers in charge of prisoners thus transferred will take receipts for those delivered and report in writing the execution of his orders, accounting by name for any prisoners not delivered to the commander under whose orders he shall have been serving, who will forward it with remarks to these headquarters.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General Prisoners of War.

RICHMOND, March 31, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN, Augusta, Ga.:

SIR: Your consolidated return for January, 1865, and note of March 6 to General Cooper have been referred to me by the Secretary of War. In one column you return 192 at Andersonville and 48 at Cahaba as having been "paroled, released, and exchanged." No roll representing any such operation has ever been presented to me, and I do not see how we can get any credit for it unless that is done. I will thank you to send me a list (a duplicate would be preferable) showing the names of the prisoners, the commands to which they belonged, when and

