
You can notify me through the lines when you will have the supplies at Boulware's Wharf, stating as nearly as you can the amount. I will thank you to give me a notice of a week or ten days as to supplies sent to Charleston.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., January 10, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War.

It will be seen from the within letter that the Confederate authorities have paroled General Hayes and Colonel Weld, the officers designated in General Orders, Numbers 299, as agents, &amp;c. I have therefore to request that if General Trimble is objected to, some other Confederate officer be paroled at once and that I be furnished with the name of the officer so paroled.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, January 9, 1865.

Honorable SCHUYLER COLFAX,

Speaker of the House of Representatives:

SIR: I transmit herewith the letter of the Secretary of War, with accompanying report of the Adjutant-General, in reply to the resolution of the House of Representatives, dated December 7, 1864, requesting me "to communicate to the House the report made by Colonel Thomas M. Key of an interview between himself and General Howell Cobb on the 14th [15th] day of June, 1862, on the banks of the Chickahominy, on the subject of the exchange of prisoners of war."

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, January 5, 1865.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

I transmit herewith the report of the Adjutant-General giving an extract from a report made by Colonel Thomas M. Key of an interview between himself and General Howell Cobb, on the banks of the Chickahominy, June 14 [15], 1862, called for by resolution of the House of Representatives, dated December 7, 1864, which was referred to me by the President. The extract contains all that relates to the subject of exchange. As the discourse with Howell Cobb on the subject of the existing contest was improper, it is believed that its publication would also be improper.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Sub-inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 5, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your instructions in regard to "the report made by Colonel Thomas M. Key of an interview between himself and General Howell Cobb on the 14th [15th] day of June, 1862, on the bank

