HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, Ky., April 1, 1865.

Captain CHARLES B. PRATT, Commanding Military Prison:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week

ending April 1, 1865:

Conduct--good. Cleanliness--clean. Clothing--good. Bedding--none furnished prisoners. State of quarters--good. State of mess-houses--clean and in good condition. State of kitchen--clean. Food,

quality of--good rations. Food, quantity of--sufficient. Water--good. Sinks--clean. Police of grounds--good condition. Drainage--good. Police of hospital--good. Attendance of sick--good. Hospital diet--good. General health of prisoners--good. Vigilance of guard--they do their duty.

Remarks and suggestions.--I have inspected the military prison and find it in very good condition, and the grounds have been policed and improved since my last report. There are not sufficient guards to insure the safe-keeping of the prisoners. Two prisoners escaped on the night of the 29th of March last for the reason that the prison was not sufficiently guarded. It requires not less than 270 men to do the necessary guard duty at this prison and the hospital, and at present there are but 118 men reported for guard duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. C. SPENCER,

Lieutenant, Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry, and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Approved. The report of the commission appointed to investigate the facts and circumstances connected with the escape of the two prisoners to which reference is made by the inspecting officer will be forwarded as soon as received. One of the escaped men was not a prisoner of war, but held for safe-keeping by request of the post commander.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. B. PRATT,

Captain and Commissary of Prisoners, Commanding Military Prison.

RICHMOND, VA., April 1, 1865.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I see by paragraphs VI and VIII, Special Orders, Numbers 50, headquarters C. S. Military Prisons, &amp;c., a copy of which has been sent to me by your Department--that Captain R. B. Winder, assistant quartermaster, and Major E. Griswold, assistant adjutant-general, have been relieved from further duty in the prison department by Brigadier-General Gardner, commanding, stating that the reduction in the number of prisoners rendered their retention unnecessary.

I require the services of both these officers in my department. Captain Winder as chief quartermaster and Major Griswold as the chief of staff, in Richmond, as I have announced in general orders before I was aware of the fact that they had been relieved, having only received the order relieving them a few minutes since. I hope to be allowed to retain both.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

