
houses--good. State of kitchen--clean and in good order. Food, quality of--good. Food, quantity of--fair, and in accordance with regulations. Water--good. Sinks--clean and in good condition. Police of grounds--good. Drainage--fair. Police of hospital--good. Attendance of sick--good; there are 358 attendants. Hospital diet--good; same as that of U. S. General Hospital. General health of prisoners--good. Vigilance of guard--good.

Remarks and suggestions.--There were received during the week 4,040 prisoners of war at this station, as follows:

From Fort Monroe, Va., 162; from City Point, Va., 3,043; from Washington, D. C., 149; from U. S. General Hospital at this post, 120; from New Berne, N. C., 566. Transferred to Washington, D. C., 10 officers. Paroled and transferred to Aiken's Landing, Va., for exchange, 500 prisoners of war. Released upon taking the oath, 4 prisoners. The average rate of mortality for the week was 4 1/7 per day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. BRADY,

Major and Provost-Marshal, Inspecting Officer.

Remarks by commanding officer.--Respectfully forwarded. I have nothing of particular importance to add to this report.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

J. BARNES,

Brigadier-General, District of Saint Mary's.

RICHMOND, VA., April 2, 1865.

Major T. P. TURNER,

Commanding Libby Prison, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: The Commissary-General of Prisoners orders that you retain a small guard, and govern yourself by the movements of the army, to receive such prisoners of war as may be turned over to you. You will make requisitions for additional guard as circumstances may require. The prisoners will be retained subject to the order of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, the general commanding the army, or the commissioner of exchange. You will also retain such surgeons, assistant surgeons, prison officers, and attendants as you may deem necessary.

You will communicate freely with headquarters of this department at Danville temporarily.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL T. BAYLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISONS,Salisbury, N. C., April 2, 1865.

Brigadier General D. RUGGLES, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I had the honor to addressing you a few days since on the subject of locating a new military prison. I now beg leave to call your attention to the site recently purchased by the Government at Killian's Mills, eighteen miles from Columbia, S. C. I had been ordered to erect a prison at that place; had all the timber cut, trenches dug, and ready to begin raising, when the evacuation of Columbia obliged me to discontinue work. I am of opinion that the point referred to

