
was fortunately enabled to meet this unexpected demand upon its resources and, as far as its own issues could do so, has relieved and prevented much suffering. The exchanged prisoners are now arriving at Fort Monroe and Annapolis, 100 having been retained in hospitals at the former place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General.

VARINA, VA., April 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General BARNES, Point Lookout:

You will please detain all Confederate prisoners en route for the South until further orders.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

VARINA, VA., April 3, 1865.

General MORRIS, Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore:

You will please send all large detachments of Confederate prisoners en route for the South to Point Lookout, instead of City Point or Varina, until further advices.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General and U. S. Agent for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 3, 1865.

Brigadier General E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Dist. of Florida, Dept. of the South, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of March 29, transmitting copy of a letter from Major General Sam. Jones, dated headquarters Military District of Florida, Tallahassee, Fla., March 27, 1865, and a copy of a letter from Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow, Commissary-General of Prisoners, C. S. Army, dated headquarters C. S. Military Prisons, Macon, March 24, 1865, requesting you to receive certain Union prisoners in their hands. In reply, I take leave to say that a recent request from the Confederate authorities in the State of Georgia to deliver to us a large number of Union prisoners near Savannah has been referred to Lieutenant-General Grant for his instructions, which when received must be taken as a guide to your action upon the applications made to you in the absence of any specific orders on the subject. The letters transmitted by you have been forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant, and you will at once inform the Confederate authorities in front of you by flag of truce that until a reply is received thereto no prisoners will be received in your district. Instructions from General Grant may be looked for by the 19th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

30 R R--SERIES II, VOL VIII

