
change under orders from this office of this date. Order sent by to-day's mail.

W. HOFFMAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Cols. B. J. Sweet, Camp Douglas; A. A. Stevens, Camp Morton; J. H. Kuhn, Alton, Ill.; J. H. Baker, Saint Louis, Mo.; A. J. Johnson, Rock Island, Ill.; C. W. Hill, Johnson's Island, Ohio.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 4, 1865.

Colonel E. T. SPRAGUE, Commanding, Cairo, Ill.:

COLONEL: By authority of the War Department a number of prisoners of war have been ordered from Western camps and Fort Delaware to Cairo, from which point they are to be forwarded to New Orleans, to be turned over to Colonel C. C. Dwight, agent for exchange. The following are the names of the stations from which the prisoners will be forwarded. The number to be sent will be reported to you by telegram by the commanding officer of the several stations, viz: Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio; Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.; Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.; Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio; Rock Island, Ill.; Alton Military Prison, Alton, Ill.; Saint Louis Prison, Missouri; Fort Delaware, Del. On the arrival of these prisoners the Commissary-General of Prisoners requests you will please place them under a suitable guard, and when [they] are assembled, forward them to the agent for exchange at New Orleans. Duplicate rolls will be sent with each party, one of which is to be delivered to the rebel officer who receives them, and the other, with the officer's receipt upon it, is to be returned to this office by the agent for exchange. Please instruct the officer who is placed in charge of the prisoners accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,April 4, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Army of Tennessee, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I learn from a letter of Major Carlin, Seventy-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry (a copy inclosed*), that Captain Hanchett, Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers [Cavalry], and acting assistant adjutant-general on the staff of Colonel Capron, is being tried by court-martial at Cahaba, Ala., on the charge of being a spy. Captain Hanchett is an officer of the U. S. Army; has never been within the Confederate lines, except in the performance of his duties as an officer with troops. Should he be convicted and punished as a spy I assure you I shall make most ample retaliation.

I am, general, very respectfully,

GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

