
[APRIL 5, 1865.--For Wilson to Taylor, proposing to release on parole certain prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part II, p. 238.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., April 5, 1865.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in Florida:

GENERAL: I have submitted copies of the letters from you and General Pillow, concerning the receiving of certain Union prisoners of war at Jacksonville, to the major-general commanding Department of the South, and in the absence of specific instructions on the subject he has forwarded the proposal for the consideration of Lieutenant-General Grant.

Instructions from General Grant may be looked for on the 19th instant. Until they are received General Gillmore orders that no prisoners be received in this district.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 38. New Orleans, La., April 5, 1865.

The lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States having directed that all rebel prisoners in close confinement or in irons be forwarded for special exchange for the same class of Federal prisoners held in the South, and that all citizen prisoners whose homes are within the rebel lines against whom there are no serious charges or who are not under sentence, and who wish to be exchanged, be delivered, on parole, for this purpose as early as practicable, commanding officers will forward without delay all such rebel prisoners now held at any of the stations within the limits of this command to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters, to be exchanged or paroled accordingly.

A complete history of each case of those held in close confinement or in irons will accompany the rolls, and complete rolls will be sent of all citizen prisoners who remain in confinement, with the charges under which they are held.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISONS
 EAST OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER,Numbers 2. Danville, Va., April 5, 1865.

1. Captain W. G. Barth, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed without delay to inspect all the prisons and prison camps in this department west of Augusta. He will make a thorough inspection of every

