
department connected with this command at each place, and before leaving any place he will transmit a full report in writing to these headquarters, retaining a copy himself to supply information in case of loss of the original. On completing this duty he will return to these headquarters.*

Commandants and other officers will afford Captain Barth every facility for carrying out his orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles:

SAML. T. BAYLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP SUMTER,Andersonville, Ga., April 5, 1865.

Captain W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Salisbury, N. C.:

CAPTAIN: Your telegraphic dispatch of the 3rd instant was received yesterday. I herewith transmit prison reports up to 1st instant.+ One thousand one hundred and two prisoners were shipped yesterday, 1,200 will go to-day, and to-morrow the balance willbe sent. Less than twenty willremain hre, being too ill to move. The route agreed upon is long, tedious, and expensive. They go to Albany, and thence

march through Thomasville to Monticello, Fla., a distance of about eighty-five miles. I urged the route via Eufaula and Chattahoochee to Quincy, Fla., from whence, as at Monticello, they could take the cars to Jacksonville, Fla. General Jones, commanding District of Florida, objected to that route. The march would only have been twenty miles, viz, from Chattahoochee to Quincy. About thirty negroes, Louisiana slaves, captured at the battle of Natural Bridge, in Florida, have been ordered here by General Pillow as laborers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS.

NEW YORK, April 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I learn that Senator Foote arrived here last evening in a steamer from England. I am looking for him. If I find him what shall be done with him?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 6, 1865.

General DIX, New York:

If Mr. Foote is found in New York arrest him, keep him in close custody, and send him back by first steamer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*In another order of this date the same duties are devolved upon Lieutenant R. B. Thomas, C. S. Army.

+For return see p. 459.

---------------

