
NEW YORK CITY, April 6, 1865.

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. Foote called at my headquarters soon after I telegraphed you this morning. He is in Ludlow Street Jail. He has written a letter which I have sent you by mail.

J. A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, April 6, 1865.

Henry S. Foote has the honor of reporting himself to Major General John A. Dix as having just returned from the European continent, and anxiously desirous of proceeding as early as possible to his own residence in Nashville, where he engages to perform, in all respects, the duty of a good citizen and supporter of the Federal Union. He asks for no amnesty for past offenses, but is willing to suffer all the penalties which it may be deemed proper by President Lincoln and his political counselors to enforce generally upon that portion of the people of the South who have been heretofore engaged in that unhappy war, which he cannot but hope is now about coming to a close. To-morrow morning H. S. Foote will do himself the honor, if allowed to do so, of forwarding a special communication to President Lincoln, tendering his own full submission to Federal authroity and his earnest desire to atone, in part, for past mistakes, by persuading such of his fellow-countrymen of the South as may be accessible to his influence at once to come back into the bosom of the Federal Union.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS,April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following inclosures: Copy of letter from General Jones, C. S. Army,* to Lieutenant-Commander Gibson, U. S. Navy, proposing exchange of prisoners; copy of letter in reply;+ copy of letter of General Newton to General Jones, proposing certain interrogatories.++ I think it well to have permission to exchange prisoners in this district, though I think at the present moment we have but very few of their men, owing to my custom of sending prisoners of war to New Orleans. Not having a copy of the cartel in this office I should be obliged for a few for my guidance.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., April 6, 1865.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, Commissioner of Exchange, &c.:

SIR: I have the honor to send to you on steamer Laurel Hill, which leaves here to-day, sixteen prisoners of war. Among the number is

---------------

*March 17, 1865, p. 405.

+March 18, 1865, p. 411.

++March 28, 1865, p. 441.

---------------

