
Major Frank Clarke, assistant adjutant-general, who was recently captured at Clinton, La., and now suffering from bad health, and in consequence thereof I paroled him while here. He is reported to have treated our own prisoners while under his charge with much kindness and courtesy. If you can parole him or extend to him any kindness I think it will be well deserved. Fifteen of these men claim to have been prisoners at Elmira, N. Y.; from there they were sent to City Point and paroled by our Government. They, however, have only a statement to that effect from the authorities at Richmond. The Confederate authorities granted them a furlough during their parole, and while attempting to cross the Mississippi River were recaptured by our forces. Please inform what action to pursue if such circumstances occur hereafter.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your very obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISONS
 EAST OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER,Numbers 3. Danville, Va., April 6, 1865.

I. Captain S. T. Bayly, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed as early as practicable to make an inspection of the prisons and the hospitals which are now and have been heretofore attached to the prison department at this place, and will report to these headquarters. Officers of department will afford Captain Bayly every facility for carrying out his orders, and will produce all books and papers which he may require in the discharge of his duty.

II. Chaplain W. T. Helms, First Tennessee Regiment, is assigned to duty temporarily in the military prison and hospital at Danville, Va., for the unexpired term of his assignment to duty in the hospital at Richmond, Va.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COM. GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Numbers 5. Danville, Va., April 6, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Bradley T. Johnson is assigned to the command of the prison district embracing Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. He will report in person without delay to these headquarters for special instructions.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Daniel Ruggles, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

S. T. BAYLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 57. Washington, April 7, 1865.

Declaration of exchange of prisoners of war.

The following-named officers and enlisted men, Federal prisoners of war, are declared duly exchanged, having been delivered, for full

