
buildings by this department. The capacity of four of the prison buildings here will not exceed 3,000, which I regard as a low estimate of the probable requirement. The utmost capacity of the buildings reserved will not exceed 700. There is no hospital accommodation, and in the event that the above recommendation be approved I recommend that a hospital building be turned over for the use of the prison department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Danville, Va., April 7, 1865.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that at 8 o'clock this morning I received a telegram from Captain W. S. Winder, assistant adjutant-general at my headquarters, at Salisbury, in the following terms:

Colonel Forno has over 300 prisoners. Where shall he go with them? This prison has been turned over to Ordnance Department.

An immediate reply being deemed necessary, a dispatch of which the following is a copy--

The general directs that you retain the prison buildings; place prisoners in them if practicable. Their transfer is not approved by him. Will communicate again on the subject.

S. T. BAYLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

was sent to Brigadier General Bradley T. Johnson, at Salisbury. In anticipation of personal investigation at that station, I respectfully [request] that the possession of those buildings be immediately resumed for prison purposes, as there appears to be want of time to make preparation for the convenient receipt of prisoners. And that, so far as my experience goes, the Ordnance Department, [in] both the architectural skill and facilities for this service, [are] in a far greater degree [better] than that of the department of Commissary-General of Prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,Danville, Va., April 7, 1865.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisons, Danville, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the condition of the C. S. military prisons at this post and at the same time of the number of officers and men connected with this branch of the service.

The prison department is now confined to one three story brick warehouse capable of containing at the utmost 700 prisoners. Attached to this is a bake-house and cooking-range, with the capacity (after a few repairs) of preparing rations for 3,000 men. Opposite to this prison, in a large frame house, is a small room used as the commandant's office. This building was formerly used as a workshop for the benefit of the prisons and forces guarding, containing a shoe and

