
carpenter's shop, also a broom factory; but it, together with three brick warehouses used heretofore as prisons, had been turned over to the Quartermaster's Department pursuant to an order from Brigadier-General Gardner, dated March 6, 1865. The capacity of those buildings turned over to the quartermaster is estimated at 2,300, and I would most respectfully call your attention to the fact that, in anticipation of the receipt of a larger number of prisoners than 700, I would have no place to confine them. I have at present no hospital accommodations for Federal sick, but would state that before the exchange of prisoners confined here (2,300 in number) the three hospital buildings on the hill overlooking the depot, and under the charge of Doctor Fauntleroy, were used for the Federal sick, the number of patients averaging from 400 to 500. There is at present no guard force attached to the prisons. Officers and detailed men now on duty with this department are as follows:

Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Smith, commandant; Lieutenant John H. Allison, assistant commandant; Sergt. R. R. Grogan, clerk; Sergt. W. F. Dorsey, acting commissary; Private J. W. Draper, roll-call officer.

Trusting this will prove satisfactory, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT C. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS PRISON DEPARTMENT,Salisbury, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I had the honor of writing to you a few days since on the subject of a location for Federal prisoners of war. I am receiving quite a numer at this place, the old prison has been given up to the Ordnance Department, and we have now no place suitable to hold prisoners of war. Five miles above High Point there is a large number of sheds, &amp;c., and a good stream of water, and with but little work the place might be made, for from 5,000 to 8,000 prisoners, quite secure, so asto beeasy of acess for receiving prisoners from General Johnston's army or of exchange. This is the only available place anywhere in this vicinity, unless you should determine to go on with the prison on the Government land at Killian's Mills, Charlotte Railroad, near Columbia, S. C. I have taken the liberty of writing to you, being the senior officer of military prisons at this place.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. FORNO,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 63. Washington, April 8, 1865.

The officers and men, prisoners of war, enumerated in General Orders, Numbers 25, Headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, February 28, 1865, who were delivered to Colonel C. C. Dwight, agent of exchange for that military division, at Red River Landing, La., on the 25th day of February, 1865, are declared duly exchanged.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

