
CITY POINT, VA., April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Armies:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to consult you in reference to establishing a depot for prisoners of war near Fort Monroe. Newport News seems to be the most eligible place, and if you approve I will establish it there. Ten thousand to 20,000 prisoners will require a guard of two regiments. To whom shall I apply for them?

Respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 8, 1865--1 p. m.

Brigadier-General BARNES, Point Lookout, Md.:

Retain Captain J. B. Castleman, alias Clay Wilson, prisoner of war, until further orders.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 8, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

I herewith inclose copy of a telegram* sent by me to the lieutenant-general three days ago. I have now sent Captain G. A. Williams, First U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters, to Cairo to communicate with yo.

The rebel commissioners, Colonel Watts and Lieutenant-Colonel Henderson, have now near this place about 5,000 of our prisoners under flag of truce awaiting exchange, and refuse to allow them to be sent on parole to Benton Barracks till they receive an equivalent. I request that a sufficient number of rebel prisoners be sent me from Rock Island and Alton for the exchange. There are no rebel prisoners at present in this department or that of the Gulf.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

U. S. HOSPITAL STEAMER R. C. WOOD,

Saint Louis, Mo., April 8, 1865.

Colonel R. C. WOOD,

Assistant Surgeon-General, U. S. Army, Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: In reply to a telegram from the assistant surgeon-general's office, dated the 7th instant, I have the honor to state that the report required of how many sick prisoners were to be transferred, &amp;c., was sent from Cairo on the 6th instant. In addition I would remark that the condition of these men, as we received them directly from the trains, was most deporable. We had them clothed, however, rapidly by the assistance of the quartermaster at Vicksburg, and they were soon made comfortable. Twenty, however, died upon the trip. I would state that 2,500 sick in the same condition either are now, or soon will arrive, in

---------------

*See General N. J. T. Dana to General Grant, April 5, 1865, p. 483.

---------------

