
Vicksburg. I have every prospect this afternoon of obtaining an additional boat, probably the Baltic, belonging to the United States, and will have her fitted up by Monday, to act in concert with the Wood in their removal.

I understood at Vicksburg (as I stated in my last report) that these prisoners were all to be conveyed to Benton Barracks, Mo. I would respectfully suggest that communication be had with the War Department upon the subject as to whether a portion of the sick may not be taken to other points--Louisville, for instance--as I fear the Saint Louis hospitals may be crowded. I would respectfully request that instructions be forwarded to Cairo, to reach me on my next trip up, stating whether to proceed up the Mississippi or up the Ohio from that point.

I will telegraph as soon as the other boat is ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS F. AZPELL,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

[APRIL 8, 1865.--For General James H. Wilson's order declaring exchanged all officers and men paroled by the enemy under arrangements entered into with General Forrest, C. S. Army, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part II, p. 271.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT.,

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Danville, Va., April 8, 1865.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Danville, Va.:

GENERAL: In response to your communications of yesterday concerning prison buildings, I have been directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to inform you that the buildings formerly used for that purpose at Salisbury, N. C., will be required temporarily for the use of the Ordnance Department, and others will be fitted up there for the accommodation of the small number of prisoners which you may have charge of. The prison buildings in this place will be used for such purposes of the Government as circumstances may render most urgent.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO WITHERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Danville, Va., April 8, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that an assistant commissary of subsistence be ordered to report to me for service. This officer is much needed at headquarters to supervise and direct the business of the subsistence department and to make personal inspections of the prisons. I desire an officer of decided business capacity, one who has already an enlarged experience in the administration as well as in the details of that service, and request that none other be ordered to report.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

