
none. State of quarters-very good. State of mess-houses-no mess-houses. State of kitchen-very good. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-as per circular from Commissary-General of Prisoners. Water-good. Sinks-not good. Police of grounds-very good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-very good. Hospital diet-very good. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps

and Provost-Marshal of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The weather for the past week has been unusually fine. The improvements of the quartermaster's department regarding the sinks and water-works are near completion, and the latter part of the week will find them ready for use. The prison hospital has been visited by Dr. R. H. Coolidge, medical inspector, U. S. Army,during the past week. He reports it as in the most satisfactory condition, and that the sanitary condition of the prisoners is satisfactory, except in the gradual increase of smallpox since the first of the month. The accommodation for patients suffering with this terrible disease is good, and no fears are entertained but what it can be kept within bounds. The within report is concurred in.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. COMR. ORGANIZATION U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Nashville, Tenn., January 9, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers,

and Chief of Colored Bureau, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward a report of the capture and escape of George W. Fitch, regimental quartermaster Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry; also the brutal murders of Captain Penfield, Forty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, and Lieutenant Cooke, Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry, by a company of Forrest's command.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. INNES,

Major and Asst. to Commissioner Organization U. S. Colored Troops.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 9, 1865.

ANDREW B. CROSS, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to inform you, in reply to your letter of the 1st ultimo, that it will not be convenient, on account of the pressure of business at the present time,to answer all the inquiries which you make. A reports as to the number

---------------

*See Fitch to Innes, January 3, p. 19.

---------------

