HEADQUARTERS COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Danville, Va., April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. SMITH, Commanding Prison:

COLONEL: The Commissary-General of Prisoners orders that you make immediate preparations for the reception of 1,200 prisoners at this place. You will have the building now under your charge properly cleaned and ventilated, and will notify the commissary that you will require rations for this number of prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. T. BAYLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 9, 1865.--For surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia and resulting correspondence relating to paroles of officers and men, transportation to their homes, subsistence, &amp;c., not published in this series, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Parts I and III.]

CITY POINT, VA., April 9, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL, Commanding, &c., Richmond, Va.:

I have just received the following telegram from Lieutenant-General Grant:

CLIFTON HOUSE, April 9, 1865.

General HOFFMAN:

I approve Newport News as a place for holding prisoners of war. It being in the Department of Virginia, General Ord will furnish guards.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Please order two regiments to guard prisoners of war at Newport News. Reply requested.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DRAFT RENDEZVOUS,Hart's Island, New York Harbor, April 9, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS, Commanding Rendezvous:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending April 9, 1865:

Conduct--good. Cleanliness-middling. Clothing--poor. Bedding--none in use. State of quarters--good. State of mess-houses--none in use. State of kitchen--fair. Food, quality of--good. Food, quantity of--full allowance. Water--good. Sinks--good. Police of grounds--fair. Police of hospital--none erected but greatly needed. General health of prisoners--good. Vigilance of guard--good.

Remarks and suggestions.--There is no hospital erected but should be immediately. There is no surgeon in attendance. About ten cases of sickness; none considered dangerous. There should be a supply of large knives and ladles, &c., furnished for kitchens, also tools for policing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FOLK,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp, Inspecting Officer.

