
[Indorsement.]

Two thousand and twenty-nine prisoners of war were received on the 7th instant. They seem to be healthy with few exceptions, and tolerably well clothed. Application will be made for a medical officer and hospital tents will be put up for temporary use. There is no hospital for the prison camp. The guard is entirely insufficient, consisting of a small detachment sent with them from City Point. Three hundred and fifty effective men are required.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[APRIL 9, 1865.--For tabular statement of officers and men of the Confederate Army paroled at Appomattox Court-House, Va., see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part I, p. 1277.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, April 9, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

I have the honor to report that a special delivery of prisoners of war took place near this place yesterday, and also to inclose a copy of the rolls, and of Special Orders, Numbers 126,* from these headquarters, ordering the officers and men delivered to us to proceed to Benton Barracks, there to await a declaration of exchange from the Adjutant-General's Office. It will be seen that the Confederate authorities have declared these men exchanged, and, it is understood, will send their men to duty at once. I therefore request that a similar declaration be made in behalf of our men as quickly as practicable.

I am, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 22, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General, with the recommendation that the officers and enlisted men named in the within order be declared exchanged and ordered to report to their respective regiments with permission to delay thirty days en route, the equivalents for whom they were delivered having been declared exchanged by the rebel authorities.

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES, Appomattox, April 9, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA:

All settlements for exchanged prisoners were to be made with Colonel Ould, Confederate agent, and the agreement to receive them at various

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

31 R R--SERIES II, VOL VIII

