
points was for the accommodation of the South, their railroads being so broken that they could not conveniently deliver all on the James. Say to the officer who has our prisoners for delivery that any that are due to the South will be delivered at Vicksburg.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MRS. JONES' HOUSE,

Near Lynchburg Road, Appomattox County, April 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

I deem it my duty to inform you that I am here with four officers and attaches of the Exchange Bureau, personal baggage, and material records of my office in which the United States Government and people are interested. I am here under flag of truce for the purpose of meeting any questions connected with the delivery and exchange of prisoners and with no other view whatever. I am now, I believe, within your lines and have been only since this morning. I avail myself of the first opportunity to notify you of this state of facts. I am ready to obey any direction you may give with reference to myself and party. If agreeable to you, I will thank you for either a safeguard or some writing which may serve as a protection.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

At the suggestion of Captain McGinley I have come to the front, and am now with the army train, Sixth Corps.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA,Norfolk, Va., April 9, 1865--3 p. m.

General HOFFMAN, City Point:

Your telegram of the 8th just received. I sent Colonel Martindale yesterday to Newport News to report as to capacity of that place for prisoners. I find a stockade will have to be built, and that the place possesses no greater advantages than does any other situated upon a river, with a landing, a few houses, and a saw-mill near. Colonel Martindale thinks it will take about 700 men, with artillery and a stockade, to guard from 12,000 to 15,000 prisoners. An island somewhere is better than Newport News. I await definite instructions.

GORDON,

General.

CITY POINT, VA., April 9, 1865.

Brigadier General G. H. GORDON, Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.:

The prison depot will be established at Newport News, and Major-General Ord has been directed to detail a suitable guard. It may be found necessary to occupy Craney Island for the hospital.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

