
to the provost-marshal at this point. Major Thompson, provost-marshal general, Department of the South, will be ordered to relieve you as soon as possible, and you will then turn these instructions over to thim.

Very respectfully, yours,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., April 10, 1865.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Florida:

GENERAL: I send under flag of truce some articles of clothing, &amp;c., for the use of Mr. White, assistant engineer, U. S. Navy, and the men captured with him. The two men, Privates Massey and Beckham, referred to in your letter of April 7, were returned on the 7th instant. They had just been received at this post from Hilton Head.

I submit to you that the same reasons that have induced you to return Assistant Surgeon Willard apply equally to the persons who accompanied him and the boat in which they were, inasmuch as the boat was the private property of Surgeon Willard, and the party on board was no more than sufficient to man her and was entirely unarmed. The capture was made at 5 p. m., April 6. On the morning of that day a flag of truce left this post for your lines, returning about 2 p. m. A flag from your lines was on its way hither on the afternoon of the same day at the very time the boat was captured. Under these circumstances I trust that you will order their release.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. C. TILGHMAN,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 11, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The Department has the honor to request that instructions may be given for the release of any of the officers and crew of the prize steamer Hope who may be now imprisoned at Point Lookout and are foreign subjects.

Very respectfully, &c.,

G. WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 14, 1865.

Referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners with directions to comply with the request of the Secretary of the Navy.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., April 11, 1865.

Major-General HANCOCK, Winchester:

GENERAL: It will be well to have blank parole papers prepared for detachments and stragglers from Lee's army to be filled up with a

