
description of the person; the paroles to be signed in duplicate, one copy to be given to the party and the other sent to the Adjutant-General of the Army. Lists should also be kept by paroling officers.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Augur, Washington.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

I have the honor to forward herewith a roll of Federal prisoners of war received at this place from the enemy on the 8th instant, and also a roll of rebel prisoners of war delivered in exchange for them.

I also forward for the information of the major-general commanding a copy of paragraph 4 of Special Orders,* Numbers 126, current series, from these headquarters, and a copy of my letter+ to the Adjutant-General of the Army, advising him of this delivery of prisoners, and asking for a speedy declaration of exchange.

The enemy's commissioner has already ordered the men delivered to him to report to their regiments for duty, and I regret that I have it not in my power to make a similar declaration of exchange in behalf of our men.

Captain G. A. Williams left here on Saturday for Cairo to communicate with Lieutenant-General Grant by telegraph in regard to the present status of our men held by the enemy at Four-Mile Bridge. I inclose a copy of my telegram announcing Captain Williams' mission to the lieutenant-general.++ It will be seen that I have asked that 5,000 men be sent here from the Northern prisons to be delivered in exchange for the men already here or actually en route for this place. The number of men now in camp at Four-Mile Bridge is upward of 4,500.

I am, respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant ED. L. DAVENPORT,

Fifty-second U. S. Colored Infantry:

I arranged with Colonel Henderson, assistant special agent of exchange, C. S. Army, this morning that he should deliver all Government employes and citizens at Four-Mile Bridge to us on parole, to be sent to Benton Barracks, there to await exchange, and also that he should deliver to us all men of the One hundred and thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry (whose term of service has expired), also to be sent to Benton Barracks on parole and there to await exchange. The major-general commanding directs that you, in Captain Williams' absence,

---------------

*Omitted.

+See Dana to Adjutant-General of the Army, p. 481.

++See April 5, p. 483.

---------------

