
complete these agreements. You will show Colonel Henderson this communication and render him every assistance in your power in making the rolls, &amp;c.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 97. New Orleans, April 11, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

5. The fifty bales of cotton now on the flag-of-truce-boat Ohio Belle, sent to this city by Major Szymanski, agent of exchange Trans-Mississippi Department, for sale, and the proceeds to be distributed for the relief of Louisianians, prisoners of war, will be sold by Mr. A. P. Noblom, under the supervision of Colonel Holabird, chief quartermaster of the department, and the proceeds deposited in the First National Bank of New Orleans, subject to the order of the major-general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi. The proceeds of the sale will be reported to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi.

6. The five bales of cotton sent to this city by the commanding general of the Trans-Mississippi Department, to be applied in payment for clothing belonging to Federal prisoners lost in transit from Galveston to Tyler, Tex., will be sold by Colonel S. B. Holabird, chief quartermaster of the department, and the proceeds reported to Washington, D. C., for the orders of the Quartermaster-General U. S. Army. The proceeds of this sale will be reported to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP SUMTER,Andersonville, Ga., April 12, 1865.

Captain W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Salisbury, N. C.:

CAPTAIN: In a communication I had the honor to make to you on 10th instant I find that I did great injustice to Captain Rutherford. I have not seen or heard from that officer, but I learn from General Pillow that Captain Rutherford did make the arrangement with General Scammon for the exchange of prisoners at Jacksonville, but that subsequently General Gillmore ordered him not to receive them until General Grant could be consulted in the matter. Reply from the latter was expected on 19th instant. I make this statement unsolicited as an act of justice to Captain Rutherford. In writing to you on 10th instant I believed that the source whence I derived my information was reliable.

Eleven hundred prisoners returned yesterday, the others will probably reach here to-day and to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding.

