
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 13, 1865.

Colonel J. H. DAVIDSON,

Commanding Prison Depot, Newport News, Va.:

The stockade must be built by the prisoners. Two or three enlisted men, carpenters, may be detailed to have chargeof the work. Until prisoners arrive detail fatigue parties daily to put the lumber on the ground and set the posts.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 13, 1865.

General W. H. EMORY:

All deserters and stragglers from Lee's army must be brought in as prisoners of war unless specially paroled. All who desire can be paroled on the same conditions as were given to Lee.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 13, 1865.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Charleston Harbor:

ADMIRAL: In a letter to you dated March 27, ultimo, I had the honor to state that I expected to make an exchange of prisoners at Darien, Ga., on or about the 8th instant, and requested you to send one or two gun-boats to the Altamaha River near Darien at that time. On the 10th instant Major J. C. Gray, jr., of my staff, proceeded thither under my direction, and after conferring with Commander Thompson, commanding gun-boat Cimarron, on the 11th proceeded to Darien, where he failed to discover a single human being. Should the prisoners be brought there for exchange now a great amount of suffering must necessarily ensue, unless we are speedily informed of their arrival. I have no means of communication with that locality, and my water transportation is very limited. I have, therefore, to request, if not incompatible with the interests of the public service, that Commander Thompson may be directed to remain there for at least a week or ten days, so that there may be no unnecessary delay in case the prisoners should still be brought there, and that if they arrive he may be directed to communicate the fact to me at once.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 13, 1865.

Colonel N. G. WATTS,

Confederate Agent of Exchange, Big Black River:

The following telegram has just been received from General Grant. General Dana expects that you will immediately deliver all officers and men under your control agreeably to Colonel Ould's order:

