
of [deaths] among the prisoners has been called for from the three largest camps, with the following results: Johnson's Island, near Sandusky City, Ohio (chiefly officers)-number of prisoners since the early part of 1862, 7,377; number of deaths, 198. Fort Delaware, Del., since April, 1863-number of prisoners, 22,398; number of deaths, 1,926; Point Lookout, Md., since July 31, 1863-number of prisoners, 32,140; number of deaths, 1,532. These are three camps suggested in your letter and are a fair criterion of the others.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BLAGDEN,

Major, Second Mass. Cav., Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.

SENATE, January 9, 1865.

A RESOLUTION providing for the appointment of a joint committee to investigate the condition and treatment of prisoners of war held by the Confederate and United States Governments.

Resolved (the House of Representatives concurring), that a committee of three on the part of the Senate and five on the part of the House of Representatives be appointed to investigate and report upon the condition and treatment of the prisoners of war respectively held by the Confederate and United States Governments, and also upon the causes of their detention and refusal to exchange, which said committee shall have authority to take testimony and send for persons and papers.*

Submitted by Mr. Watson, and ordered to be printed.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Montgomery, January 9, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: General Beauregard desires that you will furnish Major J. M. Hottle, quartermaster, with thirty Federal prisoners to take out the torpedoes and shells in railroad cuts on the West Point and Atlanta Railroad. Major Hottle has been charged with the repair of that road.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

COLUMBIA, S. C., January 26, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

I don't think this is legitimate work for prisoners of war. I have therefore declined to furnish the prisoners asked for. I request to be informed if I have decided properly.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 4, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For report of committee see March 3, p.337.

---------------

4 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII

