
In view of the above facts I trust you will order the immediate removal of all hospital stores to this post and the establishment of hospitals within the inclosure.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HAM DAVIDSON,

Colonel 122nd U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Prisoners' Depot.

[Indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Fort Monroe, Va., April 17, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to General Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

I have investigated the matter carefully and fully concur in the opinion of the colonel commanding the prison camp, and would respectfully recommend the removal of the prison hospital to or near the prison camp.

JOHN J. CRAVEN,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., and Chief Medical Officer, Fort Monroe, Va.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Numbers 37. New Orleans, La., April 15, 1865.

Pursuant to instructions from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, the following-named officers and enlisted men, prisoners of war released on parole, are hereby declared exchanged, their equivalent having been delivered to the Confederate agent of exchange, Trans-Mississippi Department, April 9, 1865, at Red River Landing, La.*

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

New Orleans, La., April 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that on the 9th instant I delivered to Major Szymanski, agent of exchange, all prisoners of war in my charge belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department, amounting to the equivalent of 160 men. There still remains an indebtedness of over 300 due the Confederacy. Colonel Dwight some time in March last informed General Hitchcock of this fact, and asked that Generals Marmaduke and Cabell and their commands be sent here for exchange; this would not only cancel an indebtedness, but would enable me to exchange for all our officers and men now prisoners in Texas, to whose cases I respectfully call your attention. They are suffering from exposure, hunger, and want of facilities to keep themselves properly cleaned, or their quarters properly policed. Had these men to whom I refer (captured in Arkansas) been promptly sent, I might have all exchanged by this time.

---------------

*Names of 126 officers and enlisted men here omitted.

---------------

