
was communicated to you in my letter of the 29th ultimo. The note has the appearance of being genuine, but it may not be so, and I will be happy to lay it before you on your expected visit to this city, that you may decide the question. Your letter of the 4th instant seems to be addressed to me personally and not as a communication for the War Department, and I will therefore hold it until your arrival or till I hear from you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISONS,April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. DAVIS,

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending April 17, 1865:

Conduct--good. Cleanliness--good. Clothing--sufficient. Bedding--clean and sufficient. State of quarters--very clean. State of mess-houses--clean. State of kitchen--clean. Food, quality of--good. Food, quantity of--according to regulations. Water--plenty. Sinks--clean. Police of grounds--clean. Drainage--good. Police of hospital--very good. Attendance of sick--very good. Hospital diet--regulated by the medical department. General health of prisoners--improving. Vigilance of guard--good.

Remarks and suggestions.--The prisoners of Myrtle Street Prison have all been sent to the Gratiot Street Prison. The buildings, yards, kitchens, and hospitals have been so arranged that both classes of prisoners--prisoners of war and local prisoners--are kept by themselves, and no intercourse is possible in any circumstance. The average amount of prisoners of war is 19, and of local prisoners 161. In my different inspections I found the prisons always in the best order and clean, and must express myself in a very satisfactory way of the management of Captain R. C. Allen, the commander of the Gratiot Street Military Prison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. FIX,

Lieutenant Colonel, Superintendent and Inspector of Military Prisons.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF AGENT FOR EXCHANGE,

New Orleans, La., April 19, 1865.

Major IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Assistant Agent of Exchange,

Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant, and in reply have only to state that at present I have no prisoners in my possession belonging to Trans-Mississippi Department, either at Ship Island or here, but I have written to General Hitchcock and to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and have requested that all Confederate prisoners confined in Northern

32 R R--SERIES II, VOL VIII

