
stations and belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department be sent here for exchange without delay. I have also informed Major-General Canby of the facts and secured his co-operation. Allow me [to] assure you that no effort on my part shall be spared to consummate the exchange. I only await the return of General Hurlbut from Mobile, which in all probability will be to-morrow, to specify the time when a flag of truce will leave here for Red River, which I have every reason to believe will the the latter part of this week or the fore part of next.

I much regret not to have it in my power at present to deliver any Confederate prisoners to you, but I have done all that was possible for me to do to effect an early exchange for all U. S. prisoners in your department.

Hoping to be able soon to deliver those promised,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. STERLING,

Captain, First U. S. Infty., Com. and Agent of Exchange,

Military Division of West Mississippi.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., April 19, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN NEWTON,

Commanding District of Key West and Tortugas, Key West, Fla.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inclose telegram to you from Lieutenant General U. S. Grant* with regard to exchange, and to inform you that no deviation can be made therefrom. The general authorizes you to receive any of our own prisoners that may be turned over to you by the rebels and receipt for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 19, 1865.

Colonel N. G. WATTS and

Lieutenant Colonel H. A. M. HENDERSON,

Agents of Exchange, C. S. Army:

SIRS: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of yesterday and to express my high appreciation of the honorable sentiments it conveys.+

There shall be, so far as devolves on me, no lessening of the courtesy and friendliness which have made our recent intercourse under flag of truce so entirely satisfactory. I am confident that the first natural outburst of passion over, all of my command will renew their hitherto kindly and respectful treatment of the agents of the Confederate Government whose duty leads them here.

---------------

*See Halleck to canby, February 16, Series I, Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 865.

+Letter not found, but the following "brief" is taken from Dana's letters-received book: "Express their sincere regrets occasioned by receipt of the painful intelligence of the assassination of President Lincoln and Secretary Seward. States that no officer of the United States Government regrets more than they this cowardly assault upon these high officers of state, and the introduction of this tragical chapter into American history. Requests that the execution of the cartel shall proceed in such a manner that there shall be no impeachment of administration on either side."

---------------

