
the capacity of the barracks and compelled the use of part of one of the mess-halls, which had to be provided with a floor and partition, in order to [accommodate] some 200 prisoners whom the superintendent reported could not be quartered in the barracks. For the floor, partition, and increased number of bunks there was a new demand for lumber,which could be only partially met. Whenever the ice will permit deficient supplies are brought over on sleds and small oats operated by men on the ice. The distance is over three miles, and the ice much of the time unsafe for heavy loads. These facts will explain some of the deficiencies referred to in the foregoing report.

Straw has been difficult to obtain, but it is expected that that necessity will soon be supplied. On a report of the chief medical officer that scurvy was appearing in the prison, an order was issued on the 30th ultimo to issue sixty pounds of onions to every 100 rations until the 1st of March, 1865. I also understand from the chief medical officer that there are three cases of varioloid and smallpox among the prisoners. Pursuant to direction of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, by telegram, an order was issued on the evening of the 31st ultimo to construct a pest-house in the prison yard. The work will go on immediately.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 1. Columbia, S. C., January 1, 1865.

Headquarters C. S. Military Prisons East of Mississippi River,heretofore at Augusta, Ga.,is hereby removed to Columbia, S. C., to which point all communications will be addressed.

By order John H. Winder,brigadier-general:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Nashville, January 2, 1865.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am informed that wounded rebel prisoners are being collected at Pulaski and Columbia, as well as at Franklin, and I have therefore the honor to request that the surgeons in charge of them may be instructed to forward them as rapidly as possible to this city. Those who are able to be moved should be sent forward at once, and others as soon as they are sufficiently recovered to bear the journey. It is not desirable to establish hospitals for prisoners south of this point, but as for the present it is unavoidable to provide for extreme cases, it is desirable that all such cases should be collected in the hospital at Franklin, to be forwarded as soon as they recover. By this arrangement guards and attendants will be saved and the prisoners will be properly accounted for. I fear if special instructions are not given wounded prisoners will not be forwarded as promptly as they might be.

I am, general,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Com. General of Prisoners West Miss.

