
they were so. If they are the men you refer to I presume you were not aware that they were deserters from our service or you would not have made the inquiry. I certainly do not feel called on to account to you for the disposition made of deserters from our service.

I shall be glad to hear from you when you have received instructions from Major-General Canby in regard to the exchange of prisoners.

I am, respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 20, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

There are nearly 300 prisoners of war confined here, about two-thirds of whom have heretofore applied to take the amnesty oalth, and of course wouldl not be sent South when exchange. The remainder have now applied to be released on parole, believing the cause of the rebelion hopeles. What shall be done with them? A few desperate characters should be retained in prison.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLOTTE, April 20, 1865.

General B. T. JOHNSON:

I am informed that a Mr. Shepperson has sued out an attachment against the ordnance property at your post on some claim against the bureau for rent. The proceeding is so extraordinary that I can hardly realize it. If it be true, you will not permit the property of the Government to be seized or its control by proper officers to be interfered with.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON:

You are distinctly ordered to hold the Confederate arsenal and property. Hold them against ordnance and others.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 21, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Nashville, Tenn.:

You are directed to arrest Mrs. General Ewell, who is reported to be in Nashville, and cause her to be removed immediately to Saint Louis, and enjoind to remain there until further orders. You will please investigate and report to this Department the circumastances under which Mr. Overton, of Nashville, ktook or pretended to take oath of amnesty prescribed by President Lincoln's proclamation. Have all the facts carefully detailed, especially in respect to the time when said oath was taken, by whom it was administered, and all the circumastances connected with it, and make speedy report to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

