
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 22, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York City:

You are authorized to release Governor Henry S. Foote from imprisonment upon his giving his parole that he will not go south of New York City, and that he will report to you every forty-eight hours until further order.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 22, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Upon an examination of the records of this office it is found that since the 25th of November, 1864, there have been delivered to the rebel agent for exchange, when reduced to privates, 35,578 prisoners of war, which, added to the 9,000 which I am informed by the chief of staff of the lieutenant-general commanding the rebel authorities admit were due us on exchanges declared by them in 1863, makes 44,578 privates. In the same period we have received at different places equal to 43,228 privates, which leaves a balance in our favor of 1,350 privates. The above figures are only an approzimation, as no exact reports of prisoners received or delivered have been made to this office. Of the paroled prisoners recently received at Vicksburg only a telegraphic notice has been received, but the calculation cannot be very far from accurate, and all Federal prisoners now on parole may be declared exchange, a like declaration being made of the exchange of all rebel prisoners delivered by General Mulford at Varina.

By a communication referred to this office from Major-General Gillmore it appears that about 5,000 Federal prisoners are to be, or have been, delivered on parole at Darien, Ga. For these equivalents may be delivered from the Western camps through our lines at Vicksburg, or they may be sent from Fort Delaware to Savannah to be delivered at Darien, and when these deliveries are completed a declaration of exchange may be made.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 24, 1865.

Upon the report within I recommend that an order of declaration of exchange may be made extending to all prisoners of war received by Federal officers to include the 22nd of April, 1865, except those who may have been delivered at Darien, Ga.

At another time the account for the Darien deliveres may be settled and duly declared. Meantime it is important to release the numerous prisoners waiting at parole camps.

If the order shall be issued General Hoffman will communicate it to the rebel authorities as usual.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commissioner for Exchange.

