
[APRIL 22, 1865.-For Jones to Vogdes, proposing the delivery of prisoners of war within Union lines, and resulting correspondence, see Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part III, pp.284,290,292,343,344,370,378.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Newsport News, Va., April 23, 1865.

Colonel J. HAM DAVIDSON, Commanding Post, Newsport News, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending April 22, 1865:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-good. Bedding-sufficient. State of quarters-good. State of mess-houses-none. State of kitchen-good. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-issued per General Orders, No. 1, Office of Commissary-General of Prisoners. Water-good. Sinks-temporary ones in use, permanent ones in preparation. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-hospital not finished. Attendance of sick-average 140 each day. Hospital diet-none issued as such. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions.-The ground inclosed comprises twenty-five acres, inclosed by a fence twelve feet hikgh, inside of which is a railing twenty feet from the fence, which prisoners are not allowed to pass. Outside of the fence a gallery has been erected for the sentinels, from which they can observe who approaches the railing and also any unusual distribance among the prisoners. The hospital is now building and will be finished in a few days. Wells have been sunk, which will give a full supply of water. It will not be necessary to erect mess-houses. A detail is made each morning from the prisoners for the purpose of policing the grounds. Personal clenaliness is very good, with but few exceptions. The present sinks are but temporary. In two or three days sinks of a permanent character will be in use.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HAROLD,

Second Lieutenant, 122nd U. S. Colored Troops, and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The condition of the prison camp is improving daily and within the short time during which they have been at this post great improvements have been made. A few days more will place the prison in a good condition. As strict discipline has been enforced as was possible in the unorganized condition in which the prisoners were when received at this post. Prison rules have been published to all detachments upon their arrival and the written and printed instructions complied with as far as possible.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

J. HAM DAVIDSON,

Colonel 122nd U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Post.

BALTIMORE, April 23, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington City:

I have about 100 rebel officers and enlisted men (paroled prisoners of Lee's army) under guard here. They have no money or means of getting away. Shal I furnish them transportation to Fort Monroe?

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

