
U. S. MILITARY PRISON, Indianapolis, Ind., April 23, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending April 22, 1865:

Conduct-very good. Clealiness-good. Clothing-ordinary. Bedding-good. State of quarters-good. State of kitchen-good. Food, quality of-first class. Food, quantity of-sufficient and kept thoroughly cleansed. Police of grounds-through. Drainage-complete. Police of hospital-thorough. Attendance of sick-very good. Hospital diet-first class. General health of prisoners-very good. Vigilance of guard-very strict.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant Co. D. Fifth Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, Insp. Officer.
HDQRS, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., April 23, 1865.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a list* of blockade-runners confined at Fort Lafayette and Warren, handed me by Major-Szymanski, assistant adjutant-general and assistant agent of exchange, Trans-Mississippi Department, who desire to exchange for them steam-boat captains or pilots now held as prisoners at Camp Ford, Tyler, Tex. I therefore request that these men specified in the foregoing list may be sent for in order to effect the exchange. I would add that there are many steam-boat men, such as captains, pilots, engineers, &amp;c., held as prisoners at Camp Ford for whom we have no other equivalents than blockade-runners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. STERLING,

Captain, First U. S. Infantry, Agent of Exchange.

[APRIL 24, 1865.-For General Orders, No. 73, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, publishing the opinion of the Attorney-General of April 22, 1865, upon questions growing out of the capitulation of the Army of Northern Virginia, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part III, p.918.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,April 24, 1865.

Mrs. R. S. EWELL, Nashville, Tenn.:

MADAM: Acknowledging the receipt of your communication of the 23rd instant, I take this occasion to submit for your information the annexed copies of telegrams sent to and received from Washington, having special reference to your presence here and directing your early

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

