
return to Saint Louis. The following dispatch was received April 21, 1865:

WASHINGTON, April 21, 1865-3.45 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

You are directed to arrest Mrs. General Ewell, who is reported to be in Nashville, and cause her to be removed immediately to Saint Louis, and enjoined to remain there until further orders.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Immediately upon the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant I forwarded the following dispatch to the Honorable Secretary of War, receiving in reply the telegram immediately suceeding:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE COMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 23, 1865-5 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Washington, D. C.:

Mrs. R. S. Ewell has just reported to me in writing that being permitted by the President to take the amnesty oath, on the 23rd of March she appeard before Lieutenant George H. Richardson, assistant provost-marshal-general, Department of the Missouri, at Saint Louis, and subscribed to the oath; and believing she had under that amnesty the right to come to this place quietly and attend tothe management of her private affaris, she left Saint Louis on the 31st of March, and came for that purpose. Having nearly completed the arrangement of her business, she had intended to return to Saint Louis early next week, quietly and inoffensively. Since taking the oath olf amnesty she claims to have conducted herself as becomes a loyal citizen of the United States, and also as a woman under personal obligations to Mr. Lincoln, and therefore that she had the right to return to Saint Louis without military surveillance, binding herself to report as soon as practicable after reaching Saint Louis to the commanding officer at that place. I respectfully recommend that she be permitted to remain in Nashville until next Saturday, or the following Tuesday, and then be permitted to return to Saint Luois free from military surveillance en route.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Reply.

WASHINGTON, April 23, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

You will please execute the order heretofore given in reference to Mrs. General Ewell without regard to her representations and without unnecessary delay. Please acknowledge this telegram and report your action.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

You will readily perceive from the foregoing copies of telegrams that it is made incumbent upon me to direct your return to Saint Louis at an early day, and in order that you may be subjected to as little inconvenience and annoyance as possible while en route, I have directed one of the officers of my staff to accompany you to Saint Louis.

I am, madam, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 25, 1865.

Major General E. R. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Refering to my letter of the 17th instant, relative to prisoners captured in the Trans-Mississippi Department who have been forwarded for exchange, I have the honor to inform you that those

