
captured at Helena, Ark., July 4, 1863, and by the forces of Major-General Steele in the Department of Arkansas prior to July 28, 1864, have been sent forward, amounting to some 200 in all. Orders will at once be given to send forward enough men to make up the balance of deliveries now against us, which is stated by Colonel C. C. Dwight in letter of the 14th ultimo to be the equivalent of 480 privates; 1,600 additional will also be sent to be exchanged for other Union prisoners stated to be still in rebel hands, in letter or Captain W. H. Sterling, commissioner and agent for exchange, dated April 14, 1865, it being the intention not to leave our Federal prisoners west of the Mississippi in the rebel of the rebels. As far as possible the men belonging to the commanders of General Marmaduke and Cabell will be sent, but some of these, together with other prisoners captured in Arakansas, have been released or delivered to the rebel authorities at Varina, Va., while some refuse to be sent South for exchange and are applicants to take the oath of allegiance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[APRIL 25, 1865.-For Cobb to Wilson, Wilson to Wayne, and Wilson's Special Field Orders, No. 25, relating to paroles of Confederate prisoners, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part II, pp.461,462.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Newport Nexs, Va., April 25, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the proceedings of a board ordered to investigate the circumstances connected with the shooting of prisoners of war at this camp.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HAM DAVIDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Depot Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Proceedings of a board which convened at the prison camp, Newport News, Va., by virtue of the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST,NO.12.
Newport News, Va., April 21, 1865.

* * * * *

II. A board, to consist of the following-named officers, viz: Major A. A. Monroe, One hundred and twenty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops; Captain W. H. Collins, First U. S. Colored Cavalry; First Lieutenant John Anderson, Battery B. Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery, will meet at the prison office at 3 p. m. of this day, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to investigate and report thecircumstances attending the shoolting of prisoner of war Thomas M. Tyree, private. Company D, Nineteenth Battalion Virginia Heavy Artillery, on the night of April 20, 1865, by the prison guard. The junior member of the board will record the proceedings.

By order of J. IIam Davidson, colonel, commanding post:

CHARLES R. STUART,

First Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

