
then shot at him, but before shooting ordered him to halt; he did not do so. I did not hear him say anything before he was shot. I think that the man that was shot was trying to escape.

Testimony of Prisoner of War Thomas M. Tyree, private, Company D, Nineteenth Battalion Virginia Heavy Artillery:

On the night of the 20th of April, 1865, I was going to the sink, when the sentinel hailed me several times and ordered me to halt. I did not know at first that he was hailing me. I halted when ordered. The sentinel told me to come up to him. I did so, and when within fifteen paces of him he ordered me to halt again. I halted. He then asked me what I wanted. I told him that I had the diarrhea and was going to do a job. The sentinel said it was a damned lie; that I did not want to shit. He then shot me. I was also shot by the sentinel on each side of me.

Respectfully submitted.

A. A. MONROE,

Major 122nd U. S. Colored Troops, President of the Board.

W. H. COLLINS,

Captain, First U. S. Colored Cavalry.

JOHN ANDERSON,

First Lieutenant, Batty. B, Second U. S. Colored Light Arty., Recorder.

The board next proceeded to investigate the circumstances attendintg the shooting of prisoner of war William Carr Raines, by virtue of the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST,NO.14.
Newport News, Va., April 23, 1865.

I. The board of officers convenced at the prison office this post, by Special Orders, No. 12, paragraph II, headquarters pot, Newport, Va., April 21, 1865, will also, as soon as practicable, investigate and report the circumstances attending the shooting of prisoners of war William Carr Raines, private, Company I, Fifty-fourth North Carolina, on the 22nd day of April, 1865, by the prison guard.

* * * *

By order of J. Ham. Davidson, colonel, commanding post:

CHARLES R. STUART,

First Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

Prisoner of war J. G. Brown, Company A, Eighteenth Georgia, having been duly sworn according to law, states as follows:

On the 22nd of April, 1865, I was looking at one of the prison guard. He appeared to be cleaning the lock of his gun; heard the gun go off. I believe the gun went off accidentally.

Prisoner of war T. E. Kerner, private, Fifty-fourth Norht Carolina, having been duly sworn according to law, states that he was in the tent with prisoner of war William Carr Raines when he was shot. The ball came through the tent and hit him in the arm. The person that fired the gun could not have seen him. I am satisfied that he was shot accidentally.

Respectfully submitted.

A. A. MONROE.

Major 122nd U. S. Colored Troops, President of the Board.

W. H. COLLINS,

Captain, First U. S. Colored Cavalry.

JOHN ANDERSON,

First Lieutenant, Batty. B, Second U. S. Colored Light Arty., Recorder.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,

EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

NO.87.
Baltimore, Md., April 25, 1865.

The following extract from General Orders, No. 83, current series, from these headquarters, viz, "Prisoners of war (rebels) paroled to return

