
to their homes to await exchange will not be permitted to remain in this department unless their former residence is within its limits," is hereby amended to conform to the provisions of that portion of the opinion of the Honorable James Speed, Attorney-General of the United States, as promulgated in paragraph I, General Orders, No. 73, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, April 24, 1865, which is as follows:

That the rebel officers who surrendered to General Grant have no homes within the loyal States and have no right to come to places which were their homes prior to their going into the rebellion.

Commanding officers of districts and posts and all provost-marshals in this department are hereby directed to carefully and vigorously execute the general orders referred to in this order.

All rebel officers, soldiers, and citizens discovered in this department in violation of any of the provisions of said general orders must be immediately arrested and held in confinement and a report in each case made to these headquarters, when they will be disposed of as may be directed hereafter by the General Government at Washington.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 25, 1865.

Colonel T. INGRAHAM,

Pro. March General, Defense North of the Potomac, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to inform you that Major J. B. Castleman and Lieutenant William E. Munford, prisoners of war, have been ordered to be sent from Point Lookout to the Old Capitol Prison, in this city, where they will be retained to be tried as spies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Bvt. Colonel H. L. Burnett, judge-advocate, Washington, D. C.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., April 25, 1865.

Lieutenant General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport:

GENERAL: I find upon my return to this city that there appears to be some misunderstanding upon the subject of exchanges under the arrangement made by Lieutenant-General Grant and General Lee. This arrangement I understand to embrace all prisoners of war held by either party, and also all prisoners held in close confinement against whom there are no serious charges, and all citizens whose homes are within the lines of either army. Under this arrangement I have been delivering all prisoners who are within my immediate control, and have been notified by the general commissioner of exchange, in reply to my application, that all Confederate prisoners of war from the Trans-Mississippi Department would either be sent to me for delivery or would be delivered at points more convenient to the depots at the North at which they are confined. I believe that under this arrangements the

