
prisoners captured in Missouri and Arkansas have already been delivered, and that they furnish more than an equivalent for those now held by you. Under the instructions of General Grant I am now delivering prisoners without waiting for equivalents, and if the number delivered should be in excess of the number held by the Confederate authorities, will only require that this excess should be paroled until duly exchanged. I transmit for your consideratin copies of several papers on this subject, and suggest that you will give orders conforming to them, which I have given in relation of Confederate prisoners of war under my control.

Very respectfully, sir, your obediet servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

SALISBURY, [April] 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES:

There are forty-two Federal prisoners here, some of whom came in themselves with paroles, out of rations. Cannot they by sent to General Sherman for exchange?

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Charlotte, N. C.:

SIR: In obedience to your order I submit the following statement:

The property belonging to prisoners was sent by railroad from Richmond to Danville, and was left there upon the evacuation of that place as I did not know where it was stored; that the money was to have been sent, along with the other valuables, in charge of my clerk, but he failed to report to me and I brought it in an ambulance as far as Ca Ira, Cumberland County, Va. At this place there was a probability of being intercepted by the enemy, and Major I. H. Carrington deemed it best to divide the risk and took charge of $670.50 in gold and $5,400 in greenbacks. I brought the remainder to Dansville, and as that place was reported to be surrounded by the enemy, Major Carrington took charge of about $2,500 in U. S. currency and bank notes. I have left in my possession about $674 in bank notes, $362 in greenbacks, and $400 in U. S. postal currency, and $13,000 in C. S. old issue. I cannot say without my bookds that all the gold belonged to prisoners, as I had some funds in my charge belonging to the effects of deceased soldiers. I have learned since leaing Danville that the chest of valuables, containing also the books and papers relating to prisoners' funds, was in a house with Major Bentley's stores and that he turned everything over to the civil authorities.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MORFIT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

NO.75.
Washington, April 26, 1865.

Exchange of prisoners of war.

I. All prisoners of war delivered on parole to Federal officers east of the Mississippi River, to include the 22nd day of April, 1865, except

