
those who may have been delivered at Darien, Ga., are hereby declared duly exchanged.

II. Commanders of parole camps will forward exchanged officers and men to the armies to which they belong wiht as little delay as possible.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 26, 1865.-For terms of military convention between Sherman and Johnston, see Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part III, pp.313,582.]

[APRIL 26, 1865.-For tabular statement of officers and men of the Confederate Army paroled at Greensborough, N. C., and other points, in accordance with the military convention of April 26, 1865, se Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part I, p.1066.]
HEADQUARTERS, Nashville, April 26, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mrs. Ewell was sent to Saint Louis yesterday. The report in the case of John Overton's return to the State of Tennessee will be forwarded by mail to-morrow. Learning about the end of February that he had returned after taking the amnesty oath before the clerk of the U. S. district court of State of Kentucky, I telegraphed to Major-General Halleck asking instructions as to what consideration should be given to amnesty oath when the parties take them without my knowledge or consent, and received from him March 8 authority to repudiate any amnesty oath when in my judgement it had been improperly administered to any unworthy person. I accordingly informed Mr. Overton that his oath of amnesty was disapproved by me, first because he had not taken it until after the 15th day of December last, showing thereby that, having lost confidence in the success of the rebel cause, he only took the oath to save his propety; and, secondly, the fact of his taking the oath before the clerk of the U. S. district court of Kentucky showed that he feared that he would be unsuccessful if he applied to me. He deserves no consideration whatever. I have now in my possession a letter from him to Brigadier-General Rucker, C. S. Army, written in December last, which shows that he never abandoned the rebel cause until after the 15th of last December.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 26, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

GENERAL: You wil forward for exchange to Captain W. H. Sterling, assistant agent for exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi, at New Orleans, via Cairo, 500 enlisted prisoners of war. This number (500 privates) is to be made up of proper proportion of non-commissioned officers, counting one non-commissioned officer equal to

33 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII

