HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,April 26, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will cause the arrest of the following parties who are believed to be within the limits of your division and send them to this city: Judge Tucker, Mobile, formerly an editor and politician in Missouri; Minor Majors, whereabouts unknown; Thomas L. Clark, Grenada, Miss; Isaac Elisher, New Orleans; John Ralson, whereabouts unknown; Bob Louden, New Orleans, formerly of Saint Louis; - O'Keif, Natchez, Miss.; - Stinson and Kirk Roberts, Mobile, Ala. These parties have all been employed in the rebel secret service to burn steam-boats and Government property. I have some of their accomplices in prison here, some of whom have given detailed statements of their connection with the gang. From these confession it appears that the boat and bridge-burning operationa were conducted under the immediate supervision of Jeff Davis, Judah P. Benjamin, and Mr. Seddon. The names above given are those of some of the principals against whom I have the most ample evidence of guilt.

By direction of Major-General Dodge:

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 26, 1865.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLEC,

Chief Quartermaster, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: In order to accelerate the transfer of the rebel prisoners now at Ship Island to New Orleans you will please order all your transports returning from Mobile Bay to call at Ship Island and take as many aboard as their respective capacities allow. Every boat will take a sufficient guard, say fifty men, for whom you will call on Colonel Bertram, commanding on east side of the bay.

Very respctfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 26, 1865.

No.-.
Brigadier General William Terry, having been ordered by the Secretary of War to report for duty, is assigned to the command of the prison district comprising the States of Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, and will direct reports and communicatins to these headquarters at August, Ga., or elsewhere in the field corresponding with their movements.

II. Capts. W. S. Winder and Samuel T. Bayly, assistant adjutant-generals, will report to Brigadier General William Terry for assignment to duty.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

