
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 28, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General DIX, New York:

There is reason to believe that Jacob Thompson is now in Boston or Portland, though possibly he may be in New York. He is to be joined soon by a considerable party of rebels from Canada, who design to seize or otherwise procure a vessel with which to make their way to the Rio Grande. Thompson may be detected by the fact that his eyelids are greatly inflamed, so that his eyes are often nearly closed, and he is obliged to wipe them constantly.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 28, 1865.

Major General L. WALLACE,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore:

The questions submitted in your telegrams of the 23rd and 26th instant are before the Secretary of War, and you will be advised at an early moment of his decision thereupon.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 28, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The President of the United States directs that Major J. B. Castleman and Lieutenant W. E. Munford, C. S. Army, so called, now in the Old Capitol, be forwarded under a strong guard to Bvt. Major General A. P. Hovery, commanding at Indianapolis, Ind., for trial.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI:

Vicksburg, Miss., April 28, 1865.

Colonel N. G. WATTS, Agent of Exchange, C. S. Army:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday.* It is sunnecessary to remind you that the delivery of prisoners of war is not taking place under any agreement between yourself and General Smith (this I understant you have stated to Captain Williams of my staff previous to his visit to General Canby), but under the telegraphic orders which you brought with you from General Grant and Commissioner Ould and those which have been communicated to you from Commissioner Ould by myself. I am willing to do anything for the personal comfort and safety of yourself and officers. The pontoon bridge and guard will therefore remain for the present and a daily train run over the railroad. I have received no

---------------

*See April 26, p.515.

---------------

