
cotton from Mobile, the proceeds to be applied for the benefit of prisoners of war in our hands, and, referring to my dispatch of the 4th instant, to call your attention to the inclosed copy of report of Colonel Dwight, agent of exchange,* who has just returned from Mobile Bay, and who confirms the previous statement that the delay in the shipment of this cotton is solely the fault of the authorities at Mobile.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT VETERAN RESERVE CORPS,Camp Fry, Washington, D. C., January 10, 1865.

Major BLAGDEN,

Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an extract from a letter written by John Brusnan, a rebel prisoner at Elmira, N. Y., to a sister of his residing near Baltimore, Md. Some time ago his friends represented to me that he (Brusnan) was loyal to the Union; that it was want of forethought placed him in the rebel ranks, and after being some time in the rebel service he repented his rashness, and on two occasions attempted to desert to the Union side. On this representation (which I have no doubt his friends believed to be true), and he being also a relative of mine, I wrote twice to the Commissary-General of Prisoners to effect his release, if possible, by the first of the new year, providing he would take the oath of allegiance. At present I am glad that he is not released; and further, I most respectfully request that no action will be taken on the letters which I have written in his behalf. Whether he has or has not taken the oath of allegiance it does not make much difference, as it is evident from the inclosed extract he is an incorrigible and an ungrateful rebel. In my humble opinion he deserves (instead of the rations he now complains of) to be kept on bread and water during his remaining term of confinement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. E. O'CONNOR,

Lieutenant and Adjutant Tenth Veteran Reserve Corps.

P. S.--I call your attention to the fact that letters pass from the prison to outsiders without going through the proper channel.

P. E. O'C.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 11, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel B. F. Tracy, commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y., for his information. These papers to be returned.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners:

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

PRISONERS' CAMP, Elmira, N. Y., December 30, 1864.

MY DEAR SISTER: I take this opportunity of writing you a letter (which the Yankees will not see). I wrote you a few days ago acknowledging the receipt of the money. I will give you some idea of my

---------------

*See indorsement of Dwight, January 10, 1865, on Halleck to Canby, December 29, 1864, Vol. VII, this series, p. 1293.

---------------

