
official notification of any prisoners to be sent here except that furnished to me yesterday by you, and the fact that the United States are to deliver here any which may be due to your authorities.

In view of the general armistice which goes into effect to-morrow morning, it appears useless to discuss any understanding you may have had with any of my officials in regard to the neutral ground, as the armistice covers the whole country in this neighborhood.

I am, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 28, 1865.

Captain J. S. CURTISS, Provost-Marshal, Vicksburg, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding department directs that you send by railroad to-morrow morning all of the Confederate prisoners of war now in your custody (except Berry) to Big Black River, and there deliver them to Colonel Watts, agent of exchange, C. S. Army, taking therefor his memorandum receipt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. H. EMMONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF KENTUCKY,NO.84.
Lexington, Ky., April 29, 1865.

* * * * *

III. Captain J. S. Butler, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby vested with full power as the representatives of the brigadier-general commanding in all matters connected with the surrender and paroling of the divsion of Confederate troops commanded by Colonel H. L. Giltner, in Eastern Kentucky, and any other Confederate troops in that portion of Kentucky under the terms laid down in a dispatch dated April 27, 1865, from these headquarters.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

NO.46.
New Orleans, April 29, 1865.

All oficers and enlisted men of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia who have been paroled by order of Lieutenant-General Grant, as well as all other paroled prisoners, upon their capitulation and surrender, who may return to their homes within this department pending their exchange, will immediately on their arrival report to the nearest provost-marshal and register theri names, rank, regiment, corps, and place of residence, and the date of and authority for their paroles. A strict compliance with this order will secure them protection from the military authorities until they are properly exchanged.

The provost-marshal-general of the department is charged with the execution of this order, and will take immediate steps to provide the necessary books of registry and issue such instructions to subordinate officers as will insure the most effective compliance herewith.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

