
has no control over the transportation of paroled prisoners from the place of delivery to the various parole camps, the matter being entirely under the direction of the department commander who receives them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BLAGDEN,

Major Second Mass. Caw., and Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 1, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY,

Commanding District of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind.:

You will have the prisoners Bowles, Miligan, and Horsey at once placed in irons. You will increase the guard over them and take every precaution necessary to prevent escape or rescue.

By order of the Secretary of War:

HENRY L. BURNETT,

Brevest Colonel and Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 1, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to report that a special delivery of prisoners of war took place at this place on the 28th of April, and to inclose a copy of the rolls* and a copy of paragraph 8 of Special Orders, No. 145,* current series, from these headquarters, directing the men to proceed to Camp Chase, Ohio, pending a declaration of exchange from the Adjutant-General's Office, which I request may be speedily made, as the rebels have already ordered their men to duty.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[MAY 1-10, 1865.-For reports and correspondence relating to the pursuit and capture of Jefferson Davis, see Series I, Vol. XLIX.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, JUDGE-ADVOCATE'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 2, 1865

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In obedience to your request I have the honor to submit that soon after the commencement of the rebellion the secret order known as the Knights of the Golde Circle throughout the Western and border States ceased to meet or show any signs of vitality. This arose from the fact that prior to that time the head and principal part of the body of this organization was in the South, and when that became severed by reason of military operations there was left in the North only the tail of this venomous thing, but zoophyte like this severed portion soon began to manifest an independent and active existence. In the

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

