
NEW YORK, May 2, 1865.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON, President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: I regret to trouble you so often in behalf of Governor Foote. I think you will pardon me under the circumstances. He is at a quiet boarding house in this city, kand expresses himself and willing to do anything you may desire for the benefit of your administration. I have advised him, if he could obtain your permission, to go to the Pacific Coast and remain quiet, which he is willing to do. If you will consent I will be responsible for his conduct. I am sure he will do no harm in that country, and his presen views, if known by his personal frieneds, would, I think, do some good. I inclose his application to you, hoping it will be favorably considered.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. M. STEWART.

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK CITY, May 1, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

The undersigned has the honor most respectfully to make known that being yet under parole and restricted in regard to his movements, so that he is not allowed for the present to go to any place south of this city, begs leave to state that, inasmuch as it is deemed advisable that he shall not return at once to his own residence in the city of Nashville, he may be permitted to go to the Pacific Coast, where he has four daughters residing, eighty grandchildrenm and an only sister. The war being evidently at an end, the undersigned hopes that this his wish will be gratified, as he is exceedingly solicitous to be restored once more to the society of his family and friends and spend the evening of his days in quietude and repose. If Your Excellency shall consent to my release from the obligations which at present rest upon me I hope to be permitted, ere I go to the West to pay a short visit to an old and respected friend, Judge Swayne, of Columbus, Ohio, and take leave there of my wife and children.

Wishing you, most sincerely and cordially, continued health, and a prosperous and glorious administration of the public affairs committed to your management.

I have the honor to be, your friend and obedient servant,

H. S. FOOTE.

[Indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Washington, D. C., May 4, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Honorable the Secretary of War, with the suggestion that unless Mr. Foote goes beyon the limits of the United States proceedings be had with a view to his indictment for treason.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States.

RICHMOND VA., May 2, 1865.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, U. S. Army,

Commanding Army of the James, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Will you be so kind as to send the accompanying communication to the Secretary of War, and if not inconsistent with your duty to approve it and to aid it as far as lies in your power? It may

