
not be amiss here to state that while acting as inspector-general in the Confederate service it became my duty to inspect Andersonville, Ga., and other depots of U. S. prisoners of war. While thus engaged I endeavored in my official capacity, by every means within my reach, to ameliorate their condition, as far as the limited resources of the Confederate Government would allow, and sought to remedy existing abuses by such instructions and suggestions as my own personal experience in prison life taught me were requisite and advisable, in consequence of which I was denounced as a sympathizer with the North, &amp;c., by those whose negleet and indifference I found it necessary to expose. Although unable to accomplish nearly all in behalf of these prisoners that I desired, yet I have satisfaction of knowing that my labors were not entirely in vain and that my action resulted in much benefit to them. I have reason to believe that it was chiefly owing to my reports and recommendations to that effect that who of the principal officials at Andersonville, to whose neglect and indifference much of the suffering of the prisoners there were attributable, were removed, although not until a late day. I have heard that my "inspection report," of Andersonville was picked up by the U. S. troops shortly after their occupation of this city and forwarded to Washington. If such is the case evidence of my efforts in behalf of these prisoners is in the hands of the Department. I can, however, confidently refer to Judge Campbell, formerly Assistant Secretary of War here, through whose hands my report passed, and to Colonel B. S. Ewell, of this city, with whom I have freely communicated on many occasions with respect to my efforts to reform the abuses of that place, with some of which his official position had made him previously acquainted. I have mentioned these facts in the belief that your knowledge of them will not less incline you to use your enfluence in my behalf.

With much respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

D. T. CHANDLER.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,May 3, 1865.

The within application of D. T. Chandler is respectfully forwarded approve; this on account of the character of this gentleman when in the U. S. service.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 2, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement, for which I respectfully ask the favorable consideration of the Executive. I tendered the resignation of my commissions as major and brevet lieutenant-colonel, retired list, U. S. Army, in the month of December, 1862, and was duly notified by the Department that it had been accepted, to take effect on the 24th of that month. On the 9th of February, 1863, I attmepted to cross the Potomac to Virginia for the purpose of attending to private business, which required my presence there, and was arrested in the attempt and taken to Washington. While in Texas in the spring of 1861 inducements were held out to me to resign my position in the U. S. Army and enter the Confederate

