
service, and offers were made from Mr. Davis, through a special agent, to me and other officers of the Army of high position in the Southern Army, which offers, for my own part, I positively decline. At the time I attempted to reach Virginia more than twenty months had intervened and these offers had lapsed, and were no longer in force and had not been renewed. On arriving at Washington I was placed in confinement, and so kept in that city nearly nine months, during which time I was repeatedly told that I would neither be released nor exchanged, but would be held as a prisoner during the war, although at the same time it was admitted that there were no specific charges against me. While thus held as a prisoner I addressed a communication to the military authorities pledging myself "not to attempt to go South, if released, or if sent South, not to enter the Confederate Army." To this no answer was received, and subsequently finding that my health had become seriously impaired from my long confinement, and casually learning of the capture of Mr. Andrew Johnson, a nephew of His Excellency President Johnson, I made an offer "if sent South to effect his released and delivery to the U. S. authorities within thirty days." After some delay this offer was accepted, and I was sent to Richmond, without other conditions, adn succeeded in obtaining the release of Mr. Johnson and his delivery to Colonel Mulford, agent of exchange, within the stipulated time. I remained in Richmond for several months attending to my private affairs, and wholy unconnected with the Government there in any capacity, civil or military, and in the latter part of February, 1864, an apointment was offered me in the Adjutant-General's Department, with the rank which I had relinquished some years ago in the Army of the United States. This appointment I accepted, being at the time held liable to conscription.

While in the Confederate service I performed no other duty than that of commander of a quarantine camp and as general inspector, under the immediate orders of the War Department. I had not been long in the South before I repented of the steps I had taken, and determined to embrance the first opportunity that I could with honor of retracing them, and of repairing, as far as in my power, what I considered the one great error, of my life, and, if permitted to do so, of resuming my allegiance to the Untited States Government, which had twice recognized my services in battles by brevet rank conferred during the Mexican war, and under whose banner i had (with some loss of blood) served faithfully for more than a quarter of a century. Accordingly, I tendered my resignation last winter and applied to the authorities here for a passport to return to Maryland. While my resignation was pending General Singleton, of Illinois, visited this city (in February last), and on making known my status and wishes to him he promised to aid me obtaining the necessay passport from the U. S. aurhorities. Before he accomplished this (my resignation in the meantime having been accepted) the U. S. forces took possession of this city, where I remained to await their arrival. I have freely and willingly taken the prescribed oath of allegiance to the United States Government, with the full resolve faithfully to perform all its obligations, and respectfully petition that I may be admitted to the benefist of the amnesty of the amnesty offered by the Government of the United States to persons engaged in the late rebellion against its authority.

Misled by evil consels, I have reluctantly been drawn into the commission of a fatal error, which has resulted in impoverishing me and mine, and in sweeping away the results of the labor of a life, the greater part of which has been spent in the service of my country.

