
My only profession is gone, and I seek now to labor for the maintenance of the helpless ones who are dependent upon me for support.

With much respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

D. T. CHANDLER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

NO.50.
New Orleans, La., May 2, 1865.

Prisoners of war on parole within the Department of the Gulf, and all officiers and soliers who have been connected with the rebel Army and are not registered, are required to report to the provost-marshal-general forthwith. The neglect of this duty will be followed by forfeiture of rights conferred by the parole, or arrest and imprisonment.

Prisoners of war on parole granted by competent authority are allowed to return "to their homes not to be disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as they observe their parole, and the laws in force where they may reside." But they are to be regarded as prisoners of war. They will not be allowed to bear arms, to wear in public the uniform of the rebel Army, the uniform of the United States, or any distinctive badge of military service.

They are not entitled to participate in the managements of public affairs or to enter upon business pursuits.

All person will be required strictly to conform to regulations of the department in their intercourse with paroled prisoners of war.

No person who has been engaged in civil employments, within or by the rebel Government, will be allowed to return or to remain in the department, except upon reporting to the provost-marshal to the provost-marshal, and a compliance with the conditions established by law.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

RICHMOND, May 3, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is ascertained that at least a part of the money sent from the North for the use of our prisoners of war was diverted to other purposes, and the evidence seems to implicate Robert Ould and his assistant, Hatch. I have arrested both, and shall keep them in prison till a full investigation can be made.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond,

Your action in respect to Ould and Hatch is cordially approved. I hope you will give the matter a rigid scrutiny, and if their guilt be established that they will receive exemplary punishemt. Is there any objection to the pubication of your telegram, with a call upon all who transmitted funds for prisoners to furnish you with a statement of date, amount, for whom intended, and by what channel sent?

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

34 R R-SERIES II. VOL VIII

