
situation. I would never have written to you for money, but I am almost starved to death. I only get two meals a day, breakfast and supper. For breakfast I get one-third of a pound of bread and a small piece of meat; for supper the same quantity of bread and not any meat, but a small plate of warm water called soup. I would never take that oath if I was not starved to do it. You know that without my telling you. When I came here this prison contained 10,000 prisoners, and they have all died except about 5,000. They are now dying at the rate of twenty-five a day. You know this is no place for me.

* *		*		*		*		*		*

Your affectionate brother,

JOHN BRUSNAN.

OFFICE COMMISSARY OF PRISONERS,

Fort McHenry, Md., January 10, 1865.

Captain J. G. RAMSAY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps:

SIR: Comfortable with instructions herewith returned, I have the honor to report four commissioned officers, prisoners of war, held here for exchange or transfer. They are in close confinement, but not in irons, viz: Major H. F. Kendrick, Twenty-second Virginia Cavalry; Captain J. W. Anderson, Twelfth Georgia Battalion; Captain N. C. Beckley, Twenty-fifth Virginia Battalion; Second Lieutenant O. R. Scott, First North Carolina Infantry. In addition there is held here for safe-keeping, in close confinement, but not in irons, one C. W. Barkley, a citizen, who claims to be a major of the rebel army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE ATCHESON,

Lieutenant, Fourth U. S. Infantry, and Commissary of Prisoners.

Roll of prisoners of war at Fort Warren, Mass., in close confinement for plotting to escape.

First Asst. Engineer William Ahern, Master G. D. Bryan, Second Asst. Engineer J. B. Brown, Captain Frank Battle, Asst. Surg. Thomas Emory, Master R. S. Floyd, Captain's Clerk W. D. Hough, Master T. T. Hunter, Lieutenant Colonel John Hamilton,a Captain E. J. Patterson, First Lieutenant T. K. Porter, Lieutenant S. G. Stone, Midshipman G. T. Sinclair, Chief Engineer W. S. Thompson.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN, MASS.,January 10, 1865.

Respectfully furnished to the Commissary-General of Prisoners in explanation of the telegram sent last evening in reply to the telegraphic inquiry of what prisoners (officers) are in close confinement and if any are in irons.

A. A. GIBSON,

Major, Third Artillery, Commanding.

---------------

a Through this prisoner the plot to escape was made known. He is in confinement with the others at his own request to avoid suspicion.

---------------

