
RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I think it will be well to keep everything quiet about the Ould and Hatch affair till further developments are made. I am on the track of the money and supplies sent to Libbly Prison and a disclosure may prevent the success of the search. Neither Ould nor Hatch has been informed of the cause of their arrest.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savannah, Ga., May 3, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the South:

I have just received a written communication from Augusta, as follows, viz:

I will leave this city on Monday, May 2, with about eighty paroled Federal prisoners of war, comprising ten officers, and seventy privates, that I am prepared to deliver at Sister's Ferry to the officer in charge of the Federal truce steamer, or such other officer as may be authorized by you to receive and receipt for them, as provided in the cartel of 1861 [1862], &amp;c.

M. J. BRIEN,

Captain and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

I had not intended to send up a boat to Sister's Ferry on next Thursday, but unless directed to the contrary from your headqurters will do so for the special accommodation of the prisoners mentioned. They will hardly make any connection with the boats already gone up. Please answer.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

HILTON HEAD, May 3, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER, Commanding District:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of this date, and in reply to say that you are authorized to send a boat to Sister's Ferry and receive the Union officers and soldiers, paroled prisoners of war, whom the rebels are prepared to deliver at that point.

Respectfully,

T. D. HODGES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 4, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond:

A trunk containing correspondence of George N. Sanders was taken from the office of the Southern Express Company at Lynchburg and concealed in the cellar of William B. Black, agent of the company at that place, on Tuesday, the 11th of April, and is believed tobe there now or its place of deposit known to Black. Please take prompt measures to secure and transmit it here unopened, and so that nothing can be abstracted. Mrs. George N. Sanders and her daughter are boarding

