
at Cook's boarding house on Eighth street, Lynchburg. They should be arrested and vigorously searched, and also their trunks, apartments, &amp;c. the daughter is married to a rebel captain, who is a Dutchman and calls himself a count. He is known to have been going back and forward to and from Canada, and should be searched, seized, and held for examination. Much may depend upon the promptness and skill with which these seizures and searches are made. Mr. Bullock, of the Southern Express, from whom the information comes, starts for Richmond to-day with a letter from me to you on the subject. You can wait to see him if you-think best.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Washington:

Dispatch in regard to Lynchburg matters received and attnded to. I hope by search of houses in Richmond to-night we may obtain further information. I will have everything organized as early as possible, but probably will not be able to act before Mr. Bullock's arrival.

W. H. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[MAY 4, 1865.-For memorandum of the conditions of surrender of the Confederate forces under Taylor to Canby, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part II, p.609.]

FLAG-OF-TRUCE BOAT LIBERTY,

TEMPORARY OFFICE OF AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

Hog Point, La., May 4, 1865.

General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army:

SIR: I have the hoonor to request that all our men now prisoners in Texas be turned over to me on parole at some not distant period. In return for this favor if granted I will keep the men on their arrival at New Orleans under guard, treat them as prisoners of war until duly exchanged, and I will not declare them so until equivalents for them will have been turned over to your agent of exchange.

In hopes that this request will be complied with,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. STERLING,

Agent of Exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi.

Statement of exchanges between Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army, and Military Division of West Mississippi, U. S. Army, this 4th day of May, 1865:

Deliver to this date by Trans-Mississippi Department..........5,844

Deliver to this dte by Military Division of West Mississippi..5,901

-----

Trans-Mississippi Department is indebted to Untited States to this date.......................................................... 57

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Agent of Exchange, Trans-Miss. Dept.

