
of these rebels that you issue an order to that effect, or authorize me to make your decision public.

I am, very respectfully,

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

[MAY 5, 1865.-For Banks' General Orders, No. 51, relating to status of civilian enemies returning to the Department of the Gulf, see Series I, Vol. XLVIII, Part II, p.319.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 5, 1865-4 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

I ordered the arrest of Smith when I first arrived. Think he has gone to South Carolina. Have ordered General Schofield to endeavor to catch him. Have also ordered the arrest of Letcher. Hunter is said to be quietly at his home advising all who visit him to support the Union cause. His hostility to Davis did much to make him (Davis) unpopular in Virginia. Considerng these and the fact that President Lincoln advised against disturbing Mr. Hunter at this time, I would prefer not to arrest him unless specially ordered to do so. All classes are offering to take the amnesty oath, and those excluded from its benefit are nevertheless taking it and making petitions for pardon. It would be unfortunate to check by unnecessary arrests this general desire for amnesty. Many of Lee's officers have come forward to take the oath, and it is reported that even Lee imself is considering the propriety of doing so and of petitooning President Johnson for pardon. Should he do this the whole population with few exceptions will follow his example.*

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, May 5, 1865.

Mr. GEORGE T. GARRISON, Accomac County, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Having an idea of leaving the United States, and unwilling to leave myself connected with any transaction which could by any possibility be tortured into any reflection upon myself, I give you the following facts: Some time during the summer of 1864 General Stoneman and his command, while on a raiding excursion through the State of Georgia, were captured and the privates were sent as prisoners of war to Andersonville, Ga. Owing to the fact that they had been pillaging and stealing everything that they could lay their hands on from the citizens of Georgia, General J. H. Winder ordered all species of property found in their possession to be taken from them and deposites in my hands as post quartermaster. This order was executed by the commandant of prison. I was then instructed to return all property identified to original and rightful owners and to hold the balance subject to orders. I have thus returned all identified property, and in obedience to orders have the balance on hand. Knowing the bitter feelings of the Federals to any one connected with the prison depart-

---------------

*This in reply to Grant of May 4, Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part III, p.1082. For other correspondence relating to Governor Smith, not published in this series, see Series I, Vols. XLVI and XLVII.

---------------

