
in the North to allow Lee the benefit of amnesty, I think it would have the best possible effect toward restoring good feeling and peace in the South to have him come in. All the people except a few political leaders in the South will accept whatever he does as rihgt, and will be guidd to a great extent by his example.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 6, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Nashville, Tenn.:

Paroled prisoners surrendered by Lee and Johnston and others entering into the same arrangement will be allowed to return to their homes if within any of the States which seceded. If belonging to other States they must take the oath of allegiance first, under the decision of the Attorney-General. Prisoners captured in battle are not to be allowed paroles nor the privilege of discharge in any way except on authority of the War Department.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[MAY 5, 1865.-For Palmer to Stanton, in regard to treatment of Confederate soldiers returning to Kentucky, and Stanto's reply (May 17), see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part II, pp.638,823.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 6, 1865.

Major C. C. WHITE,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of Arkansas:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that the operation of paragraph 5, Special Orders, No. 106, dated 3rd instant, be suspended, and that the prisoners of war sent by you to the steamer for transportation to New Orleans for exchange be returned to the prison at this place, with a view to submit to them a proposition to take the amnesty oath of allegiance and return to their respective homes, authority for which has just been received from Lieutenant-General Grant, dated Washington, April 30, ultimo.*

Very respectfully,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

New Orleans, La., May 6, 1865.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith statement of exchanges between Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army, and Miliary Division of West Mississippi, U. S. Army, and a copy of a letter written by me to General E. K. Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.+

---------------

*See p.521.

+See May 4, p.531.

---------------

