
I also have the honor to inform you that an agreement has been made between Major Szymanski, assistant agent of exchange, C. S. Army, and myself to meet again on 25th isntant at Hog Point, La., at which time, so Major Szymanski prmised, he will over to me a number of our prisoners now confined in Camp Ford, Tyler, Tex.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. STERLING,

Captain and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

HEADQUARTES DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,

Vicksburg, Miss., May 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel H. A. M. HENDERSON,

Assistant Agent of Exchange, C. S. Army:

Major-General Dana directs me to inform you that Captain G. A. Williams, of the department staff, will be in readiness to turn over to you about 2,500 Confederate prisoners of war, commencing at about 8 o'clock to-morrow a. m., from on board the Atlantic and Mississippi Steamship Company's wharf boat and the steamer Indiana. You are requested to have an officer with you to superintend the transfer, in order that it may go on from both places at once.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., May 7, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON, U. S. Army,

Commanding, Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: It is with great reluctance that I address you these lines, being fully aware how little time is left you to attend to such matters as I now have the honor to lay before you; and if I could see other way to accomplish my object I would not intrude upon you. I am a native of Switzerland, and was before the war a citizen of Louisiana, by profession a physician. Like hundreds an thousands of others I was carried away by the maelstrom of excitement and joined the Southern Army. I was very severely wounded at the battle of the Seven Pines, near Richmond, Va., and have nearly lost the use of my right arm. Unfit for field duty, I was ordered to report to Bvt. Brigadier General J. H. Widner, in charge of Federal prisoners of war, who ordered me to take charge of a prison in Tuscaloosa, Ala. My health failing me, I applied for a furlough and went to Europe, from whence I returned in February, 1864. I was then ordered to report to the commandant of military prisons at Andersonville, Ga., who assigned me to the command of the imterior of the prison. The duties I had to perform were arduous and unpleasant, and I am satisfied that no man can or will justly blame me for things that happened here and which were beyond my power to control. I do not think that I ought to be held responsible for the shortness of rations, for the overcrowded state of the prison (which was in itself a prolific source of the fearful mortality), for the inadequate supplies of clothng, want of shelters, &amp;c. Still I now bear the odium, and men who prisoners here seem disposed to wreak their vengeance upon me for what they have sufferend, who was only the medium, or, I may better say, the tool in the hands of

