
my superiiors. This is my condition. I am a man with a family; I lost all my property when the Federal army besieged Vicksburg; I have no means at present to go any place, and even if I had I know of no place where I could go. My life is in danger, and I most respectfully ask of you help and relief. If you will be so generous as to give me some sort of a safe-conduct, or, what I should greatly prefer, a guard to protect myserlf and fmily against violence, I shall be thankful to you, and you may rest assured that your protection will not be given to one who is unworthy of it. My intention is to return with my family to Europe so soon as I can make the arrangements.

In the meantime I have the honor, general, to remain,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HY, WIRZ,

Captain, C. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 19, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded. Attention called to the letter of Captain Wirz and accompanying statement of escaped prisoners.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., May 26, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

The writer of this will be sent under guard, in charge of Captain Noyes, Second U. S. Cavalry, this day to Washington for final disposition.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

NO.85.
Washington, May 8, 1865.

Ordered, That all prisoners of war, except officers above the rank of colonel, who before the capture of Richmond signified their desire to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and their unwillingness to be exchanged be forthwith released upon their taking the said oath, and trasnportation furnished them to their respective homes. In respect to all other prisoners of war further orders will be issued.

The Commissary-General of Prisoners will issue the necessary regulations for preserving the requisite record of the prisoners of war to be released under this order, the record to set forth the name of the prisoners, his place of residence, the organization to which he belonged, the time and placed of capture, &amp;c. The oaths of allegiance will be administered by the commanding officers of the prison camps and forts, who will send by telegraph daily reports of the prisoners released to the Commissary-General of Prisoners. These reports will be consolidated for each day and transmitted to the Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

