HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, S. C., January 10, 1865.

Colonel G. C. GIBBS, Commanding, &amp;c., Andersonville, Ga.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has been informed that some prisoners from your post have been paroled and permitted to work at Oglethorpe, Ga. If this is so, you will order them in immediately. In future paroled prisoners will not be allowed to leave the post for work unless by special order from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JANUARY 11, 1865.--For proceedings of military commission in the case of George St. Leger Grenfel, et al., tried for conspiracy to release rebel prisoners in Camp Douglas, at Chicago, and then burn said city, see Executive Document Numbers 50, House of Representatives, Thirty-ninth Congress, second session.]
HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, S. C., January 11, 1865.

Captain C. MORFIT, Assistant Quartermaster, Richmond, Va.:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of 24th of December, inclosing report of Commissioner Williams in regard to U. S. currency, has just been received. In reply I am directed by the general commanding to say that he will use every effort to accomplish the object desired by the Government and will render you every assistance in his power, but that the troops guarding the various prisons are so utterly worthless that it is impossible to prevent outsiders and even the soldiers from trading with the prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL T. BAYLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ASYLUM, C. S. PRISON, January 11, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: In accordance with your orders I hereby inclose all the papers and accounts current* relating to moneys of the prisoners in the hands of the different officers in charge of this prison before I took command, and the reports of Captain Martin, who was by Colonel Means placed in charge of these money matters.

Papers marked A relate to the first moneys received by Captain Martin. It seems that when Colonel Means took command these papers were handed to Captain Martin by Captain Mobley, who was the managing officer for Captain Semple. He asked for no receipt from Captain Martin, and none was given. The first paper, Numbers 1, is an account current of moneys received for Federal prisoners, September 29, 1864, by Major Motte A. Pringle, with his receipt thereon; and a certificate of H. W. Conner & Co., bankers, that the moneys had by them been converted into Confederate money, and the order so to convert it made by Major-General Jones, and to inform the prisoners of the sums to their credit,

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

