
Michigan, Indiana, Tennesse, Kentucky, and Virginia. This completes the records of the whole of the deliveries at this place, with the exception of those which have taken since the 1st instant, of which special reports have or will be made.

The majority of the men named on the rolls transmitted herewith werer on the Sultana. All such were originally checked thus but since the shipment some names have been checked on the same rolls, so that it isd impracticable at this time to identify the men who were on the Sultana, but a comparison of these rolls with the roll of men conducted to Camp Chase by Lieutenant Ed. L. Davenport, Fifty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, on the 30th ultimo will show the name of each man embarked.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., May 8, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have delivered to Major Ig. Szymanski, Confederate assistant agent of exchange in Trans-Mississippi Department, on May 4, 1865, at Red River Landing, La., equivalents for all our prisoners of war who have been paroled by Major Szymanski in February, 1865, at Red River Landing, and were received by Colonel Charles C. Dwight, then agent of exchange for this division. The rolls of said officers and enlisted men were already forwarded by Colonel Dwight. I would respectfully reuest that you will have them declared exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. STERLING,

Captain, First U. S. Infantry, Agent of Exchange.

WEST POINT, May 8, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

(Care Captain Marshall.)

I am directed by Major-General Canby to inform you that by his directions about 1,000 prisoners of war of General Taylor's army belonging to Missouri will be sent to Paducah, there to await the pleasure of the War Department. Please inform commanding officer at Paducah.

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Com. for Paroling Prisoners of War.

Captain Marshall will deliver above to officer commanding U. S. forces at Eastport, Miss.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

VICKSBURG, MISS., May 8, 1865.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH, Commanding District of Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The times upon which we have fallen are peculiar and require prompt and discreet action. I suppose it is the desire of all

