
me well enough to understand that I have no motive in laying this communication before you but that which relates to the public welfare and the individual good of all.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

H. A. M. HENDERSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Agent of Exchange, C. S. Army

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Meridian, May 8, 1865.

Brigadier General R. L. GIBSON, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will meet Brigadier-General Andrews, U. S. Army, at the train this evening and escort him and Brigadier-General Dennis, U. S. Army, to these headquarters. General Andrews is provost-marshal-general of Major-General Canby's army, and the commissioner-in-chief appointed by that officer to receive the surrender of this command; hence the propriety of your meeting him at the cars. Brigadier-General Dennis as also a commissioner, appointed by General Canby, to act with Brigadier-General Jackson, C. S. Army, in paroling the cavalry. He will no doubt go to Gainesville to-morrow. These officers will be the guests of the lieutenant-general commanding during their stay here. They will be accompaied by Colonel Bertram, another commissioner, who will be met by an officer of appropriate rank; also by officers of the several supply departments, who will be met and entertained by the chiefs of the respective bureaus from these headquarters. You will find ambulances at the cars. The train will probably arrive between 7 and 8 o'clock this evening.

I am, general, most respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 9, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STATON, Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I inclose herewith the papers* which Mr. Speed and his associates wished to carry to Washington. I am satisfied that neither of these gentleman intended anything wrong, now did they suppose that by being the bearers of these papers they would be regarded as recognizing the official authotity of William Smith as Governor of this State. They protest to me that their only object was to organize some unobjectionable system for preserving order in the interior.

I have arrested them and shall await your orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 9, 1865.

SUPERINTENDENT OF PENITENTIARY, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: In pursuance of instructions received from the Secretary of War I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to request

---------------

*Not found; for order directing arrest of Speed and his associates, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part III, p.1106.

---------------

