
that Colonel Robert J. Breckinridge, of the rebel service, now under your charge, be transferred to the depot of prisoners of war at Johnson's Island, near Sandusky, Ohio, and turned over to the commanding officer of that post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 9, 1865.

Colonel J. G. PARKHURST,

Provost-Marshal-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

COLONEL: With therefore to your communication of the 27th ultimo, and in the absence of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, I have the honor to inform you that prisoners of war released upon taking the oath of allegiance are allowed to go their homes or any other place within the Federal lines, but not beyond them. The terms lines to constructed in a military sence, or in other words, the lines actually guarded by Federal forces as described by General Orders, No. 73, current series, from the War Department, copy herewith inclosed.* Troops of General Lee's command and others paroled on the same conditions must remain within the rebel lines as construed by the foregoing mentioned orders. The same conditions apply no doubt to the forces paroled by Generals Wilson and Stoneman, as it is probable they were paroled on the same terms with the forces of General Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA,

NO.27.
Indianapolis, May 9, 1865.

I. In accordance with General Court-Martial Orders, No. 214, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, May 2, 1865, to-wit-

GENERAL WAR DEPARTMENT,

COURT-MARTIAL ORDERS ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

NO.214.
Washington, May 2, 1865.

I Before a military commission which convened at Indianapolis, Ind., October 19, 1864, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 219, dated September 17, 1864; No. 132, dated September 21, 1864; No. 142, dated October 5, 1864; No. 153, dated October 18, 1864, and No. 154, dated October 19, 1864, headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, and of which Bvt. Brigadier General Silas Colgrove, U. S. Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried-

William A. Bowles, Lambdin P. Millian, and Stephen Horsey, citizens of the State of Indiana.

CHARGE I: Conspiracy against the Government of the United States.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, did among themselves, and which Harrison H. Dodd, of Indiana; Joshua F. Bullitt, of Kentucky; J. A. Barrett, of Missouri, and others, conspire agaisnt the Government and duly constituted authorities of the United States, and did join themselves to, and secretary organize and disseminate, a secret, unlawful society of order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, having both a civil and military

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part III, p.918.

---------------

