
organization and jurisdiction, for the purpose of overthrowing the Government and duly consituted authorities of the United States. This, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authorities of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy. This, on or about the 16th day of May, 1864.

Specification 2.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphrey's Horace Heffren Lambdin P. Miligan, and Stephen Horsey, during an existing rebellion against the Government and authorities of the United States, said rebellion claiming to be in name of and on behalf of certain States, being a part of and owing allegiance to the United States, did combine and agree with one Harrison H. Dodd, of Indiana; Joshua F. Bullitt, of Kentucky; J. A. Barrett, of Missouri, and others, to adopt and impart to others the creed or ritual of a secret, unlawful society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, denyin the authority of the United States to coerce to submission certain rebelliouns citizens of said United States, designing thereby to lessen the power and prevent the increase of the armies of the United States, and thereby did recognize and sustain the right of the citizens and States then in rebellion to disregard and resist the authority of the United States. This, at period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near the city of Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, which had been, and was threatened to be, invaded by the enemy. This, on or about the 22nd day of February, 1864.

Specification 3.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humhreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, citizens of the State of Indiana, owing true faith and allegiance to the Government of the United States, and while pretending to be peaceable, loyal citiznes of the Government, did secretly and covertly combine, agree, and conspire among themselves, with one Harrison H. Dodd, of Indiana; Joshua F. Bullitt, of Kentucky; J. A. Barrett, of Missouri, and others, to overthrow and render powerless the Government of the United States, and did, in pursuance of said combination, agreement, and conspiracy, form and organize a certain unlawful secret society or order, and did extend, and assist in extending, said unlawful secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of Sons of Liberty, whose intent and purpose was to cripple render powerless the efforts of the Government of the United States in suppressing a then existing formidable rebellion against said Government. This, on or about the 1st day of October, 1863, at a period of war and armed rebellion, at or near the city of Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 4.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey did conpire and agree with Harrison H. Dodd, David T. Yagel, John C. Walker, and Joshua F. Bullitt, and others, these men at that time holding military positions and rank in a certain secret unlawful society or organization known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, to seize by force the United States and State arsenals at Indianapolis, Ind., Columbus, Ohio, and Spiringfield, Ill., to release by force the rebel prisoners held by the authorities of the United States at Rock Island and Camp Doughlas, Ill., Camp Morton, Ind., and Camp Chase, Ohio, and the depot of prisoners of war on Johnson's Island, and arm those prisoners with the arms thus seized; and that then said conspirators, with all the forces they were able to raise in the secret order above named, were, in conjunction with the rebel prisoners thus released and armed, to march into Kentucky and Missouri and co-operate with the rebel forces to be sent to those States by the rebel authorities agaisnt the Government and authorities of the United States. This, on or about the 20th day of July, 1864, at a period of war and rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near the city of Chicago, Ill., a State within the lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and threatened by invasion of the enemy.

CHARGE II: Affording aid and comfort to rebels against the authority of the United States.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Millign, and Stephen Horsey, being then members of a certain secret unlawful society known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty-the United States being then in arms to suppress a rebellion in certain States against the authority of the United States-said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, Stephen Horsey, and others, then and there acting as members and officers of said secret unlawful society or order, did design and plot to communicate with the enemies of the United States, and did communicate with the enemies of the United States, with the intent that they should in large force invade the territory of the United

