
States, to wit, the States of Kentucky, Indiana, and Illinois, with the further intent that the so-called secret unlawful society of order aforesaid should then and then co-operate with the said armed forces of the said rebellion against the authority of the United States, and did communicate to said armed forces the intent and purposes of said unlawul society or order. This, at a period of war and amed rebellion agaisnt the authority of the United States, at or near the city of Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, which had been, and was constantly theatened to be, invaded by the enemies of the United States. This, on or about the 16th day of May, 1864.

Specification 2.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, while the Government was attempting by force of arms to suppress an existing rebellion, while guerrillas and other armed supporters of the rebellion were in the State of Kentucky, did send a messenger and brother member with them of a secret unlawful society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, into said State of Kentucky, with instructions for Joshua F. Bullitt, grand commander of said secret unlawful society or order in said State, and other members of said secret society or order in said State, to select good couriers or runners, to go upon short notice, and for the purpose of assisting those in rebellion against the United States, to call to arms the members of said secret society or order, and other sympathizers with the existing rebellion, whenever a signal should be given by the authorities of said secret society or order. This, on or about the 20th day of July, 1864, at a period of war and armed rebellion agaisnt the authority of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 3.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Miligan, and Stephen Horsey, being citizens of the State of Indiana, United States of America, and owing true allegiance to the said United States, did join themselves to a certain unlawul secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of Sons of Liberty, designed for the overtrow of the Government of the United States, and to compel terms with the citizens or authorities of the so-called Confederate States, the same being portions of the United States, and in rebellion against the authority of the United States, and did communicate the designs and intent of said order to those in rebellion against the Government of the United States. This, on or about the 20th day of July, 1864, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and war constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

CHARGE III: Inciting insurrection.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey did, during a time of war between the United States and armed enemies of the United States, and of rebellion agaisnt the Government, organize, and attempt to arm, and did arm, a portion of the citizens of the United States, through an unlawful secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of Sons of Liberty, with the intent to induce them, with themselves, to throw off the authority of the United States, and co-operate with said armed enemies of the United States against the legally constituted authorities of the United States. This, on or about the 20th day of July, 1974, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 2.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey did, by public addressed by secret circulars and communications, and by other means, endeavor to and did arouse sentimets of hostility to the Governmet of the United States, and did attempt to induce to the people to revolt against said Government, and secretely organize and arm themselves for the purpose of resisting the laws of the United States and the ordes of the duly elected President thereof. This, on or about the 16th day of February, 1864, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and war constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

CHARGE IV: Disloyal practices.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Mlligan, and Stephen Horsey, at time of war and

35 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII

