
during an armed rebellion against the legally constituted authorities and Government of the United States, did counsel and advise citiznes of and owing allegiance and military service to the United States to disregard the authority of the United States, and to resist a call or draft to increase the Army of the United States, and did make preparation and attempt to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, for the purpose and with the intent of resisting said call or draft. This, on or about the 1st day of July, 1864, at or near Shoals Station, Martin County, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification.2-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, at a time of war and during an armed rebellion against the legally constituted authorities and Governmet of the United States, did counsel and advise citizens of and owing allegiance and military serice to the United States to disregard the auhority of the United States, and to resist a call or draft designed to increase the Army of the United States, and did make preparations and attempts to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, for the purpose and with the intent of resisting said call or draft. This, on or about the 1st day of November, 1863, at or near Green Fork Township, Randolph County, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the teacher of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 3.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Miligan, and Stephen Horsey, at a time of war and during an armed rebellion against the legaly constituted authorities and Governmet of the United States, did counsel and advise citizens of and owing allegiance and military service to the United States to disregard the authority of the United States, and to resist a call or draft designed to increase the Army of the United States, and did make preparations, and did attempt to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of Sons of Liberty, for the purpose and with the intent of resisting said call or draft. This, on or about the 16th day of May, 1864, at or near Inianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly theatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 4.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, at a time of war andduring an armed rebellion against the legally constituted authorities and Government of the United States, did counsel, and advise citizens of and owing allegiance and military service to the United States to disregard the authority of the United States and to resist a call or draft designed to ncrease the Army of the United States, and did make preparation and attempt to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, for the purpose and with the intent of resisting said call or draft. This, on or about the 1st day of August, 1864, at or near Salem, Washington County, Inc., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 5.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey did accept and hold office of the military forces for the State of Indiana in a certain unlawful secret society or order known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, which said offices and military forces were unknown to the Constitution and laws of the United States or of the State of Indiana, and were not in aid of but opposed to the legally constituted authorities thereof. This, on or about the 16th day of February, 1864, at a time of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

CHARGE V: Violation of the laws of war:

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey did, while the Governmet of the United States was carryin on war with the enemies of the United States engaged in rebellion against their authority, while pretending to be peaceable, loyal citizens of the United States, violate their allegiance, and did, as citezens

