
RICHMOND, May 11, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following note just received from Mr. Hunter is telegraphed at his request:

Major-General HALLECK:

When arrested I was making arrangements to send to Richmond to know if I could obtain the amnesty upon the conditions mentioned in the amnesty proclamation. I was willing to make every fair effort to pacificate the country if possible. I am willing to accept the facts of the case and to take the Constitution of the United States and the laws and proclamations as established by recent events. Whatever I understand I will carry out in good faith.

R. M. T. HUNTER.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 11, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

You will permitt Judge Campbell to remain in his house until the President acts upon his application. A strong impression exist that Judge Campbell's conduct after the capture of Richmond was not fair or candid; that he misrepresented what passed between him and the late President, and labored as far as he dared to keep the rebellion alive. This impression is very strong in the North. I will present Mr. Hunter's telegram to the President and report the result to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[MAY 11, 1865.-For reports and correspondence relating to arrest, &amp;c., of Alexander H. Stephens no published in this series, see Series I, Vol. XLIX.]

WASHINGTON, May 11, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

Judge-Advocate-General Holt desires to have proof of the fact, which you remember was alleged some months ago, and which I see has been frankly admitted, that the Libby Prison in which our prisoners wer confined was mined at about the time of Kilpatrick's raid for the purpose of blowing up our prisoners. The Judge-Advocate-General desires that you will have the fact fully ascertained and verified by witnesses, and that you will send here the witnesses by whom it can be proved. You will please do so.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, May 11, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, Mobile, Ala.:

Your dispatch of the 9th via Meridian is receiving. All the prisoners from Ship Island had previously been turned over to the Confederate agent of exchange, on parole in lieu of prisoners delivered by him.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

