HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 11, 1865.

Brigadier General T. KILBY SMITH,

Commanding District of South Alabama, Fort Gaines, Ala.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that all officers and men now held as prisoners of war within the limits of your command be released on special parole, in accordance with the stipulations of the surrender of Lieutenant General Richard Taylor and his army. All paroled prisoners are at liberty to return to their homes, except General Cockrell, and such others as belong to loyal States (including Kentucky and Missouri), who are required to remain within the lines of the military division until the pleasure of the War Department in regard to them has been communicated. Forms of blanks are transmitted, herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 11, 1865.

Honorable B. DEVLIN, Montreal, Canada:

The Government is taking measures upon the subject of your telegram of yesterday, of which you will be advised when action is required.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICER OHIO PENITENTIARY,

Columbus, Ohio, May 12, 1865.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th instant relating to the transfer of Colonel R. J. Breckinridge, of the rebel service, from this prison to the depot of prisoners of war at Johnson's Island, near Sandusky, Ohio, and to inform you that, pursuant to special orders from Bvt. Brigadier General William P. Richardson, commanding post, Camp Chase, Ohio, the prisoner, Colonel Breckinridge, was transferred to Johnson's Island, May 8, 1865.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PRENTICE,

Warden.

TALLAHASEE, FLA., May 12, 1865.

General E. M. McCOOK, Commanding &amp;c., Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: From the fact, doubtless, that General Wilson has confounded the officer (myself) commanding the post at Andersonville and the officer (Captain Wirz) commanding the prison at the post, my parole was delivered at Albany. I write this at your suggestion, and I have to-day reported to you in person, as per my verbal parole given you in Albany, Ga. Directly, I have never had anything to do with the prisons. I rode through the stockade almost every day (less about seventy days sick leave out of seven months command), and though the prisoners then had ample opportunity there to complain of ill-treatment,

