
HEADQURATERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,

New York City, May 16, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Washington:

SIR: In compliance with your instrutions received by telegraph I have the honor to report that I communicated to Mr. Foote on the 10th instant the President's decision in regard to him, and notified him that if the did not leave the United States he would be dealt with for treason, &amp;c., within forty-eight hours. Mr. Foote signified his assent to the requirement, and it is understood that he left the United States within the time prescribed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[MAY 16, 1865.-For Wilson to Adjutant-General U. S. Army, repoteing the arrest of Henry Wirz, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part II, p. 800.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAINT MARY'S,Point Lookout, Md., May 16, 1865.

Brigadier-general HOFFMAN,

Commissay-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: I beg leave to invite your attention to the patients in the prison camp hospital. There are in this hospital 1,859 men, including the attendants, belonging to the following States, viz: Maryland, 6; Virginia, 391; North Carolina, 521; South Carolina, 184; Georgia, 233; Florida, 25; Alabama, 154; Louisiana, 20; Mississippi, 216; Arkansas, 19; Tennessee, 60; Kentucky, 1; Missouri, 7; Texas, 22; numbering in all as above, 1,859. Some 1,600 of them could be sent home with proper means of conveyance, say, by steamer, to the most advisable ports. The oath of allegiance could be administered to them all, for they all are ready to take it and would be glad to be sent home. Many are disabled by loss of limbs and otherwise by wounds and the expense of taking care of them here is considerable. You will be able to judge of the places to whcih they might be sent by the statement above of the States to which they belong. These steamers would take them, say to Wilmington, Savannah, and Mobile. There would remain between 200 and 300 not in condition to be furloughed for the present. Will you please ask the consideration of the Secretary of War to this subject?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 18, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

Approved. The tranportation of the men to their homes would soon be balanced by the expense of keeping them in hospital.

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

