
half a dozen soldiers, and then Colonel Pritchard with Clay, and last the guard which Miles took out with him. The arrangements were excellent and successful, and not a single curious spectator anywhere in sight. Davis bore himself with a haughty attitude. His face was somewhat flushed, but his features were composed and his step firm. In Clay's manner there was less expression of bravado and dramatic determination. Both were dressed in gray, with drab slouched hats. Davis wore a thin dark overcoat. His hair and beard are not so gray as has been represented, and he seems very much less worn and broken by anxiety and labor than Mr. Blair reported when he returned from Richard last winter.

The parties were not informed that they were to be removed to the fortress until General Miles went on board the Clyde, but they had before learned generally what was their destination. From his staff officers Davis parted yesterday, shedding tears at the separation. The same scene has just been renewed at his parting from Harrison, his private secretary, who left at 1 o'clock for Washington. In leaving his wife and children he exhibited no great emotion, throug he was violently affected. He told her she would be allowed to see him in the course of the day. Clay took leave of his wife in private, and he was not seen by the officers. Both asked to see General Halleck, but he will not see them.

The arrangements for the security of the prisoners seem to me as complete as could be desired. Each one occupies the inner room of a case mate. The window is heavily barred. A sentry stands within before each of the doors leading into the outer room. These doors are to be grated, but are now secured by bars fastened on the outside. Two other sentries stand outside of these doors. An officer is also constantly on duty in the outer room, whose duty is to see his prisoners every fifteen minutes. The outer door of all is locked on the outside, and the key is kept exclusively bythe general officer of the guard. Two sentries are also stationed without that door. A strong line of sentries cuts off all access to the vicinity of the casemates. Another line is stationed on the top of the parapet overhead, and a third line is posted across the moats on the counterscarp opposite the places of confinement.

The casemates on each side and between those occupied by the prisoners are used as guard-rooms, and soldiers are always there. A lamp is contantly kept burning in each of the rooms. The furniture of each prisoners is a hospital bed with iron bedstead, a chair, a table, and a movable stool closet. A Bible is allowed to each. I have not given orders to have them placed in irons, as General Halleck seemed opposed to it, but General Miles is instructed to have fetters ready if he thinks them necessary. The prisoners are to be suplied with soldiers' rations, cooked by the guard. Their linen will be issued to them in the same way. I shall be back to-morrow morning.

C. A. DANA.

FORT MONROE, May 22, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MILES, Commanding, &amp;c.:

REGULATIONS.

1. The prisoners will not be permitted to leave the rear rooms of the casemates. A sentinel will be kept within the rear rooms at each door; also two sentinels and a commissioned officer in each front room. Two sentinels will also be posted outside of each door.

