
2. Under no circumstances will the front door be opened unless the middle doors are fastened; and the commissioned officer on guard will always be at the front door when it is opened.

3. At night a light will be kept burning in each room, so that the guards will always keep the prisoners in view. The officer on guard will see his prisoners every fifteen minutes.

4. Sentinels will be stationed on the counterscarp opposite the prisoners' rooms, directed to watch the embrasures and to prevent the approach of any person on that side, and a line of sentinels will be placed in the vacant casemates on each of those occupied by the prisoners and sentinels on the top of the casemates.

5. No person will be permitted to communicate with the prisoners verbally or in writing. No sentinel will be permitted to speak to them or to answer any questions. Any wants they may express will be attended to by the officer on guard in the room or communicated to the officer in general charge; but the officer in the prison will under no circumstances leave it during his tour of duty. In case of sickness, the surgeon's visits will be accompanied by the field officer in charge.

6. The meals of the prisoners will be furnished from the kitchen of the guards and passed in by the officer on guard, but no servant or waiter will be permitted to enter the prison rooms. No person not on duty will be permitted to approach the prison on either side, nor will any visitors be permitted to approach the prison on either side, nor will commanding officer on superior authority.

7. The commanding general of the district is authorized to take any additional precautions he may deem necessary for the security of his prisoners.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, May 22, 1865.

Brevet Major-General Miles is hereby authorized and directed to place manacles and fetters upon the hands and feet of Jefferson Davis and Clement C. Clay whenever he may think it advisable in order to render their imprisonment more secure.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, May 22, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MILES, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: At 1 p. m. you will proceed to bring Messrs. Davis and Clay from the Clyde to the engineer wharf; thence through the battery to their prisons in the fort. The detachment of Maine troops will remain on the Clyde in charge of the persons left on board. The remainder of Colonel Pritchard's command will accompany the prisoners ashore. After the prisoners are palced in their rooms, all their necessary linen and clothing will be brought ashore and palced under your charge, to be issued only as required. Such servants on the Clyde as do not wish to return South will to-morrow, after being thoroughly searched and all papers secured, be sent to Nortfolk and discharged. As soon as the Clyde can be loaded and supplied she will be sent with

