
I need not tell you that with a wife and seven children defenseless and dependent, my presence at home is ma matter of necessity to me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. PAYNE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

P. S. -If practicable, will you see General Hancock?

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,June 9, 1865.

Respectfully referred to General Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The lieutenant-general commanding is clearly of the opinion that General Payne and his aide are entitled to the benefits of the parole granted the rebel Army of Northern Virginia. General Hoffman will therefore please order the release of these officers upon parole and furnish them transportation to their homes.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

[Second indorsement.]

Release ordered June 2, 1865.

RICHMOND, VA., May 23, 1865-8 a. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Dispatch regarding Seddon and McCulloh just received and necessary orders issued.

E. O C. ORD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 22 [23], 1865-9 a. m.

Major-General DIX, New York:

Reagan, late rebel Postmaster, and Alexander H. Stephens, of Georgia, have, by direction of the President, bee sent to Fort Warren, to be imprisoned there. The President directs that you take measures for their separate and secure imprisonment, and prevent all communication with them, verbally or by writing; that you proceed to Fort Warren and isnpect the arrangements and establish such regulations as may be proper for the security of the prison, its proper guard and police, and make full report. Allow no communication with the prisoners in transmit to the prison, and if the rebel officers there enganger the security of the prison transfer them to Fort Lafayette. Please acknowledte these instructions and give them your immediate attention.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, May 23, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STATNON, Secretary of War:

You dispatch in regard to Reagan and Stephens received. Will leave for Boston immediately.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

