
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 23, 1865-9.35 a. m.

General MORRIS, Fort McHenry, Baltimore:

Some of the prisoners taken with Davis have been ordered to Fort McHenry to be imprisoned. You will take all necessary measures for guarding them securely. Report whether your force is adequate. You will prevent all communication with them, verbally or in writing.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT McHENRY, MD., May 23, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Telegram relating to the Davis prisoners received. They can be securely guarded here by my forces, which are adequate for all purposes. No communication with them will be allowed, either verbal or by writing, as indicated by your order.

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 23, 1865.

General SCHOEPF, Fort Delaware:

I have ordered General Wheeler and other officers captured with Jefferson Davis to be taken to Fort Delaware. You will take measures for their secure imprisonment and prevent all communication between or with them, verbally or in writing. Report whether your force is adequate for securely guarding them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT DELAWARE, May 23, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Wheeler and staff arrived here yesterday at 10 a. m., and having received no special orders in the case and no acknowledge of their having been captured with Jefferson Davis, I placed them with the other officers, but on receipt of your telegram this morning transfered them to separate and secure quarters and will prevent further communication. My guard is sufficient. Full report by mail.

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 23, 1865.

Major-General MILES, Fortress Monroe:

Direct Colonel Pritchard to report in person to the Adjutant-General with his men. Let him be sure to bring with him the woman's dress in which Jefferson Davis was captured.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

