
[MAY 25, 1865.-For Wilson to Stanton, reporting arrest of Howell Cobb, S. R. Mallory, and B. H. Hill, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part II, p. 901.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,May 25, 1865.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to send you, inclosed herewith, two letters from Mrs. Jeff. Davis, one to Honorable William H. Seward, and the other to Honorable F. P. Blair, sr.; also a letter from Mrs. C. C. Clay, jr., to Judge-Advocate-General Holt, which they desired me to forward.

Mr. Davis is very anxious to see Mr. Seward in person, and in case he cannot see him we wants to see Mr. Blair, sr., and asked me to make the request.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL WAR DEPARTMENT,

COURT-MATRIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 250. Washington, May 26, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. In the case of R. T. Semmes, citizens, sentenced by a military commission "to be imprisonment at hard labor at such place as the commanding general may direct for the term of three years," and now confined in the penitentiary at Columbus Ohio, as promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 30, headquarters Northern Department, Cindinati, Ohio, April 21, 1865, the sentence is remitted, and he will be released from confinement without delay.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, May 26, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to make the full report required by the order of the President communicated to me by your telegraphic dispatch of the 23rd instant, concerning Messrs. Stephens and Reagan, which was received at these headquarters at a quarter part 12 on the same day. I left for Boston by the evening train, arriving at that city at 6 a. m. on the 24th. Before leaving New York I telegraphed the quartermaster at Boston to have a steamer in readiness to take me to Fort Warren at 8 a. m. By dispatch, through some want of punctuality, was not delivered till half past 8, and I took the regular steamer at 9 a. m., reaching Fort Warrent at 10.

I immediately inspected with Major Allen, the commanding officer, the rooms which could be appropriated to the imprisonment of Messrs. Stephens and Reagan, and selected two basement casemated rooms, apart from each other, and opening on separate halls. They have each two grated windows opening on an area in which a sentinel is posted, so as to render all communication with them impossible. The rooms are respectively parts of suites of appartments having one door opening

