
said rebelion, and the estimated value of whose taxable property is over $20,000; fourteenth, all persons who have taken the oath of amnesty as prescribed in the President's proclamation of December 8, A. D. 1863, or an oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States since the date of said proclamation, and who have not thenceforward kept and maintained the same inviolate.

Provided, That special application may be made to the President for pardon by any person belonging to the excepted classes; and such clemency will be liberally extended as may be consisted with the facts of the case and the peace and dignity of the United States.

The Secretary of State will establish rules and regulations for administering and recoding the said amnesty oath, so as to insure its beneift to the people and guard the Government against fraud.

In testimory whereof I have hereunto set my had and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington the twenty-ninth day of May, in the yar of our Lord one thousland eight hundred and sixty-five, and

[s. s.] of the Independence of the United States the eighty-ninth.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 29, 1865.

Honorable G. WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that orders have been given to the Commissary-General of Prisoners to release any of the officers or crew of the prize steamer Deer, now confined at Fort Warren, who may be British subjects, in accordance with the request made in your letter of the 27th instant.

I have, &amp;c.,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 29, 1865.

The Secretary of War directs that you send a list of names of the prisoners who would be discharged under the following orders to this office immediately, giving number of order promulgating sentence, and that the prisoners be not discharged until you receive further instructions from here:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 98. Washington, May 27, 1865.

Ordered, That in all cases of sentences by military tribunals of imprisonment during the war the sentence be remited and that prisoners be discharged. The Adjutant-General will issue immediately the necessary instructions to carry this order into effect.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Department commanders and officers in command of military prisons.)

