
colored boys captured and sold into slavery belonging to Boston. A statement of the facts in the case reached me with Your Excellency's indorsement soon after the facts became known, but at that time it was found impossible to do anything for the relief of the two boys. As the door seems now open for an inquiry, I should be most happy to be instrumental in procuring the release of the boys; to this end I have caused a search to be made among my papers for the statement of the case, and not finding it I have written to the agent of exchange, on the supposition that I may have forwarded the statement for some action on his part. Meantime I respectfully call your attention to the matter, in the hope that you may have some record or some means by which the names of the boys be known and sent to me, that I may make the proper effort, through our local commander in Texas, to find the said boys.

The mother of the boys is said to be a respeable colored woman of the city of Boston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

NASHVILLE, May 31, 1865.

Major-General MILDROY, Tullahoma:

Turn J. S. Malone over to the civil authorities for trial.

The major-general commanding directs that any man who has been admitted to the privileges of parole under his order, or under the conventions between Generals Grant and Lee or Sherman and Johnston, be not arrested by military authority, as it is a breach of faith to induce a man to surrender, under promise of permitting him to retrun to his home, and then to put him in prison.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA,

Numbers 37. Indianapolis, Ind., May 31, 1865.

The execution of General Orders, Numbers 27, dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, May 9, 1865, having been suspended by the following telegram, dated Washington, May 16, to wit:

WASHINGTON, May 16, 1865.

Brevet Major-General HOVEY:

I have commuted the sentence of death of Horsey to imprisonment at hard labor for life. You will suspend the execution of Miligan and Bowles until Friday, June 2.

A. JOHNSON,

President.

Said order is, in accordance with said telegraphic order, so midified as to be:

William A. Bowles, citizen of the State of Indiana, will be hanged by the neck until he be dead, on Friday, the 2nd day of June, 1865, between the hours of 12 o'clock m. and 3 o'clock p. m., on the parade grounds between Camp Morton and Burnside Barracks, near the city of Indianapolis, Ind. Bvt. Brigadier General Ambrose A. Stevens, commanding Camp Morton and Burnside Barracks, is charged with the excecution of this order, and will make report thereof to the commanding general.

