
Landin P. Milligan, citizen of the State of Indiana, will be hanged by the neck until he be dead, on Friday, the 2nd day of June, 1865, between the hours of 12 o'clock m. and 3 o'clock p. m., and the parade grounds between Camp Morton and Burnside Barracks, near the city of Indianapolis, Ind. Bvt. Brigadier General Ambrose A. Stevens, commanding Camp Morton and Burnside Barracks, is charged with the execution of this order, and will make report thereof to the commanding general.

Stephen Horsey, citizens of the State of Indiana, will be confined at hard labor during the term of his natural life, and the penitentiary at Columbus, Ohio, is designed as the place of his confinement. He together with a copy of General Orders, Numbers 27, current series, from these headquarters, of which this order is a modification. Lieutenant Colonel John H. Gardiner, Seventeenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding post, Indianapolis, Ind., will cause the order in this case to be executed.

By command of Bvt. Major General Alvin P. Hovey:

J. W. WALKER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, May 31, 1865.

Major General JOHN E. SMITH, Memphis, Tenn.:

Under the decision of the Attorney-General, General Buford cannot enter the State of Kentucky without taking the oath of allegiance to the United States, thereby divesting himself of his character of an officer of the rebel Army.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Observations upon the diseases of the Federal prisoners confined in Camp Sumber, Andersonville, in Sumter County, Ga., instituted with a view to illustrate chiefly the origin and causes of hospital gangrene, the relations of continued and malarial fevers, and the pathology of camp diarrhea and dysentery, by Joseph Jones, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S., professor of medical chemistry in the Medical College of Georgia, at Augusta, Ga.*

Hearing of the unusual mortality amongst the Federal prisoners confined at Andersonville, Ga., in the month of August, 1864, during a visit to Richmond, Va., I expressed to the Surgeon-General, S. P. Moore, C. S. Army, a desire to visit Camp Sumber, with the design of instituting a series of inquiries upon the nature and causes of the prevailing deseases. Smallpox had appeared amongst the prisoners, and I believed that this would prove an admirable field for the establishment of its characteristic lesions. The condition of Peyer's glands in this disease was considered as worthy of minute investigation. It was believed that a large body of men from the northern portion of the United States suddenly transported to a warm, southern climate, and confined upon a small portion of land, would furnish an excellent field for the investigation of the relations of typhus, typhoid, adn malarial fevers.

---------------

* Doctor Jones testified before the Wirz military commission that he was engaged upon this report when General Johnston surrendered his army; that the "report never was delivered to the Surgeon-General," &c.

---------------

