
for the crowded condition of the stockade. Thus, it is affirmed that the gigantic operations as well as the formidable and sudden raids of the U. S. forces in Virginia, around Richmond, and in Northern Georgia, have compelled the sudden adn continuous removal to a place of safety of the prisoners. The military operations of the United States hare reduced the railroad system of the Confederate States east of the Mississippi practically to one long and uncertain line.

The utmost capacity of the railroads of the Southern Confederacy, which are now in a most deplorable condition, is taxen with the transportation of troops, sick and wounded soldiers, prisoners, munitions of war, and provisions for the armies in the field. Notwithstanding the utmost exertions of the Confederate authorities, the armies in the field are, as is well known to the Surgeon-General, but poorly fed and clothed at the best, and ofttimes are upon less than one-quarter rations; and were it not for supplies received from home and through private sources and taken forcibly in foraging, it would appear almost impossible that the Confederate Army should be able to keep the field with anything like its present numbers. The Surgeon-General is also well acquainted with the fact that at the present time large numbers, and it might almost be said entire armies, of Confederate troops are suffering with symptoms of the scurvy, and hospital gangrene is making fearful ravages amongst the poorly fed and badly clothed and imperfectly treated wounded of the Army of Tennessee now contending for the possession of Georgia.

Again, the Confederate currency has depreciated almost to a nominal value, and large numbers of the citizens are refusing to take it in the purchase of provisions and lumber. In this section of Georgia the means of cutting and hauling lumber are scare, not only from the original absence of machinery and scarcity of surplus horses and mules, but also from the extensive destruction of saw-mills by the contending armies, from the natural decay of machinery during three years of war in a country cut off from all intercourse with the surronding world, and possessing at its best estable but few workshops for the manufacture of implements and machinery. Almost all the skilled labor of the country has been either forced into the ranks or has been monopolized by the War Department for the manufacture of ordnance andthe munitions of war. Saws, axes, spades, tools, and implements of all kinds are exceedingly scare in this section of country, and the State has been so often under the hands of the impressing officers that it is exceedingly difficult, if not impossible, to obtain tearms for hauling lumber.

Notwithstanding that the objects of my labors as defined by the Surgeon-General are of a purely medical and scientic character, still I deem it to be an act of but simple justice to make a statement of these facts in connection with those results of my labors which appear to reflects severely upon the action of certain officers charged with the managment and discipline of the C. S. military prison at this post. The large number of men confined within the stockade soon, under a defective system of police, adn with imperfect arrangements, covered the surface of the low grounds with excrements. The sinks over the lower portions of the steam were imperfect in their plan and structure, and the exrements were in large measure deposited so near the borders of the steam as not to be washed away, or else accumulated upon the low boggy ground. The volume of water was not sufficient to wash away the feces, and they accumulated in such quantities in the lower portion of the steam as to form a mass of liquid excrements. Heavy rains caused the waters of the steam to rise, and as the arrangements for

