
his confinement. His constitution being feeble, General Smith is desirous that he be exchanged. In order to effect this I have to propose to exchange for him any particular officer you may designate or the usual number of equivalents. I once more have to invite your attention to the case of Private Preston, already mentioned in previous communication, and to report that it would be gratifying to General Smith to have his exchange effected. Mr. Preston is quite a youth and is represented to be in very delicate health. E. B. Pendleton, who was once a major in the Commissary Department, Provisional Army, C. S., but whose name has been dropped from the rolls, and hence was simply a citizen at the time of his capture, is still detained as a prisoner by the U. S. authorities. You are aware that the Confederate State Government no longer confines citizens as such, and having received assurances from you that your Government would observe the same line of conduct, I respectfully request that Mr. Pendleton be released. A small number of U. S. citizens having recently been captured by our forces, I shall bring them with me to our next meeting and there turn them over to you.

I inclose a copy of a communication relating to Mr. Joshua James, a citizen of Tensas Parish, La., now on parole and under bond in Vicksburg. The facts as set forth in the letter require no comment. I also inclose a copy of the correspondence between General M. K. Lawler, U. S. Army, and myself, and call your attention to the indorsement I have put upon it.

I have not yet received your official acknowledgment of the delivery of the Brashear City prisoners. They numbered, as you will remember, 1,360, rated as privates, and were delivered by Confederate authorities at Boutte Station to Lieutenant-Colonel Stancel, commanding outposts of U. S. forces. I respectfully ask that you will forward to me the papers necessary to conclude this transaction. I send you a mail from U. S. prisoners and others to parties within your lines.

Awaiting your reply, which I trust will be prompt, the more so as the cartel we agreed upon in July, 1864, has had sufficient time for its consummation, and hoping to meet you before the lapse of many days at our usual rendezvous, Red River Landing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Dept., C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 7, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, &amp;c., New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have directed Major Szymanski, C. S. agent of exchange for this department, to effect if possible the special exchange of Brigadier-Generals Marmaduke and Cabell, C. S. Army, who were captured during the recent expedition of Major General Sterling Price into the State of Missouri. I hope that the application when made by Major Szymanski will be favorably considered and measures taken for the speedy exchange of these officers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. K. SMITH,

General.

