
I carefully examined the bakery and the bread furnished the prisoners, and found that they were supplied almost entirely with corn bread from which the husk had not been separated. This husk acted as an irritant to the ah alimentary canal, without adding any nutriment to the bread.
As far as my examination extended no fault could be found with the mode in which the bread was baked. The difficulty lay in the failure to separate the husk from the cornmeal.

I strongly urged the preparation of large quantities of soup made from the cow and calves heads, with the brains and tongues, to which a liberal supply of sweet potatoes and vegetables might have been most advantageously added. The materials existed in abundance for the preparation of such soup in large quantities, with but little additional expense. Such ailment would have been not only highly nutritious, but it would also have acted as an efficient remedial agent for the removal of the scorbutic condition.

The sick within the stockade lay under several long sheds, which were originally built for barracks. These sheds covered two floors, which were open on all sides. The sick lay upon the bare boards, or upon such ragged blankets as they possessed, without, as far as I observed, any bedding or even straw. Pits for the reception of faeces were dug within a few feet of the lower floor, and they were almost never unoccupied by those suffering with diarrhea.

The haggard, distressed countenances of these miserable, complaining, dejected, living skeletons, crying for medical aid and food, and cursing their Government for its refusal to exchange prisoners, and the ghastly corpses, with their glazed eye-balls staring up into vacant space, with the flies swarming down their open and grinning mouths, and oyer their ragged clothes, infested with numerous lice, as they lay amongst the sick and dying, formed a picture of helpless, hopeless misery, which it would be impossible to portray by words or by the brush. A feeling of disappointment, and even of resentment, on account of the action of the United States Government upon the subject of the exchange of prisoners appeared to be widespread, and the apparent hopeless nature of the negotiations for the general exchange of prisoners appeared to be a cause of universal regret and of deep and injurious despondency. I heard some of the prisoners go so far as to exonerate the Confederate Government from any charge of intentionally subjecting them to protracted confinement, with its necessary and unavoidable sufferings, in a country out off from all intercourse with foreign nations, and sorely pressed on all sides, whilst on the other hand they charged their prolonged captivity upon their own Government, which was attempting to make the negro equal to the white man.

Some hundred or more of the prisoners had been released from confinement in the stockade on parole and filled various offices, as clerks, druggists, and carpenters, &amp;c., in the various departments. These men were well clothed and presented a stout and healthy appearance, and as a general rule they presented a much more robust and healthy appearance than the Confederate troops guarding the prisoners.

CONFEDERATE MILITARY PRISON HOSPITAL AT ANDERSONVILLE.

The hospital is situated near the southeast corner of the stockade and covers about five acres of ground. The larger forest trees, as the pine and oak, have been left in their natural state and furnish pleasant shade to the patients. The ground slopes gently toward the south

