
a few days the bones of the legs were denuded and projected nearly one inch from the gangrenous mass. In a second case of railroad accident, in which the camp of the knee was simply cut longitudinally to no great depth-the wound appeared to penetrate simply through the skin-gangrene appeared in the wound in the course of fifty hours and progressed rapidly. In another case, amputated in the upper third of the leg for a gangrenous wound following a slight injury of the foot by a splinter, gangrene appeared in twenty-four hours after the operation, and at the end of forty hours the stump presented a blue, mottled appearance up to the kneejoint. In these cases, which became rapidly gangrenous after amputation, no pus was formed and cougulable lymph was thrown out to a very limited extent, and the discharges assumed a thin, sanious character.

The exhalations from the hospital and stockade appeared to extend their effects to a considerable distance outside of these localities. Thus the Confederate soldiers guarding the prison, who did not enter the stockade, but who only stood guard in the sentry boxes along the top of the stockade, were in several instances attacked with hospital gangrene, as will be seen from the following case, which I examined and recorded in the general hospital (Sumter Hospital) for Confederate soldiers, Andersonville, Ga., September 22, 1864:

Thomas J. Cole, private, Third Regiment Georgia Reserves, Company H, age sixteen, arrived at Andersonville on the 20th of July. Was ordered to guard prisoners at the stockade. Performed guard duty every third day, two hours on and four hours off during the twenty-four hours. Before leaving home received a slight scratch on the side of the left foot below the ankle. This boy had not been accustomed to wear shoes at home, and on the way to Andersonville the shoes bruised and inflamed the small injury. This small abrasion did not heal after the commencement of his duties as a soldier at Andersonville. It did not, however, give him any special trouble or appear inflamed until about the 1st of September, three weeks ago, and forty-two days after his arrival at this post. Up to this time this young recruit had never been inside the stockade, and had never stood guard around or within the hospital inclosure. On the 4th of September the patient was compelled to quit duty, and on the 12th instant (ten dyas ago) he was transferred to the Confederate general hospital. At this time the gangrenous spot was not larger than a silver half dollar, and presented an inflamed areolar in the sound skin, elevated everted edges, and elevated, pulpy, raged, greenish and grayish cerntral mass. Up to the present time the grangrene has spread rapidly, and the wound now presents a large, fungous, fetid mass, three or four inches in diameter. Hemorrhage continually takes place from numerous small eroded blood vessels. Several smaller gangrenous spots are visible upon the leg. The ankle joint is exposed. The constitutional symptoms are well marked in this case. Last night when I examined him he had a hot fever with rapid pulse, parle, anaemix, sallow complexion. This morning he had less heat of surface and the pulse is less frequent, but still there is a feverish excitement, and he is very nervous and weak; cries like a child when his wound is touched even in the gentlest manner. Bowels loose.

In this Confederate hospital I also observed a case of amputation at the lower third of the thigh, the history of which was similar to that of the case just given. This soldier had suffered for several years with a small indolent ulcer of the foot. After coming to Andersonville and performing guard duty for several weeks this ulcer became gangrenous, and the parts were so rapidly and extensively disorganized and the

