
fund is too limited to meet such expenditures they may be made from the "prison fund."

7. Accounts against the "prison fund" must be paid, as far as possible, in the month in which they become due.

8. Soldiers employed as clerks, or on other duties connected with prisoners of war, as authorized by Article IX, of circular of April 20, 1864, are not to be considered on "extra duty," as it is understood by the Army Regulations, nor are they mustered for "extra pay," but for this service they are to be compensated at the prescribed rates.

9. The monthly statement of the prison fund, and quartermaster's accounts of property purchased with the prison fund, must be forwarded to this office within ten days after the end of the month. In case of delay an explanation must be forwarded as to the cause. Blanks for making the above returns will be forwarded on requisition made to this office.

10. All orders heretofore issued from this office conflicting with any portion of this order are hereby annulled.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners:

W. T. HARTZ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., January 13, 1865.

Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

COLONEL: The letter of Judge Robert Ould, agent of exchange of Confederate States, of date Richmond, September 12, 1864, in answer to yours of 10th of same month, accepting the proposition made by him, under date of August 22, 1864, that--

all prisoners of war on each side be released from confinement (close) or irons, as the case may be, and either placed in the condition of other prisoners of war or sent to their respective homes for their equivalents--

has been duly referred to me for my consideration and action, and I am of the opinion that the proposition, as made by Judge Ould and accepted by the Government, through you, is just and equally fair and beneficial to both sides. You will therefore communicate to Judge Ould, without delay, that our Government stands by its acceptance of his proposition, heretofore referred to, without expecting from its operations any of the cases proposed by General Butler and referred to in his (Judge Ould's) letter of September 12; that the parties for whose release said agreement was made shall all be mutually delivered, the party having the excess to receive proper equivalents, and that you are authorized to carry the agreement into immediate effect on our side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, January 13, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, U. S. Volunteers, New York:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a slip from the Richmond Examiner of the 6th instant, which shows that "the cotton has been shipped from Mobile," and I presume will be here in a day or so. As

