
United States, and to be imprisoned for three years in the penitentiary at Albany, N. Y., or at such other penitentiary as the Secretary of War may designate.

II. The record in the foregoing case of Benjamin B. Harris, citizen, was transmitted to the Secretary of War, and by him submittedto the President of the United States. The following are the orders of the President in the case:

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, May 31, 1865.

In the within case of Benjamin G. Harris the findings and sentence of the court are hereby approved and confirmed. Additional evidence and affidavits, however, bearing upon this case and favorable to the accused having been presented to and considered by me since the sentence aforesaid, I deem it proper to direct that the sentence in the case of said Harris be remitted and that he be released from imprisonment.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

III. In accordance with the foregoing order Benjamin G. Harris, citizen, will be immediately released from imprisonment.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 1, 1865.-For report of J. A. Cooper of result of his investigation to fix responsibility for the ill-managment of the military prison at Salisbury, N. C., see Series I, Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 610.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 104. Washington, June 2, 1865.

Transportation to be furnished prisoners released on taking the oath.

The Quartermaster's Department will furnish all prisoners of war and citizen prisoners who have been or may be released from confinement by reason of their taking the oath of allegiance to the United States with transportaton to their homes, or to the nearest points thereto which it may be practicable to reach by the usual routes of water and railroad transportation. All officers of the Quartermaster's Department who may be called upon to provide transportation under this order will require the parties applying for the same to produce satisfactory evidence that they were released upon the condition specified, and for this purpose such prisoners will, at the time of their discharge from custody, be given by the commanding officers a written statement setting forth that they are entitled to transportation to their homes.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Boston, June 2, 1865.

Major-General HITCHCOCK, U. S. Army,

Commissioner of Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor, in the absence of His Excellency the Governor, to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of May 31 concerning

