
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA,

Numbers 38. Indianapolis, Ind., June 2, 1865.

The sentence of general court-martial, as promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 27, dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianaplis, May 9, 1865, and the commutation thereof, as promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 37, dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind., May 31, 1865, having been further commuted, by telegram, of which the following is an extract, to wit:

WASHINGTON, May 30, 1865-9.30 p. m.

Major-General HOVEY:

The President of the United States orders that the sentence of death, heretofore passed against Horsey, Bowles, and Milligan, be commuted to imprisonment of each at hard labor in the penitentiary during his life. The penitentiary at Columbus, Ohio, is designate as the place of imprisonment.* * *

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Now, therefore, in accordance with said telegram, William A. Bowles, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, citizens of the State of Indiana, will be confined at hard labor during the terms of their and each of their natural lives, at the penitentiary at Columbus, Ohio. The president will be sent under guard to said penitentiary with a copy of this order, together with said General Orders, Nos. 27 and 37, current series, from these headquarters. Lieutenant Colonel John H. Gardiner, Seventeenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, commanding post, Indianapolis, Ind., will cause this sentence to be executed.

By command of Bvt. Major General Alvin P. Hovey:

J. W. WALKER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, Ohio, June 3, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this morning about 9 a. m., in Prison Numbers 3 at this post, an altercation occurred between two prisoners, in which William R. Pettus, a private in Company F, Fourth Alabama Cavalry, stabbed and mortally wounded B. F. Eubanks, private, Company B, Third Alabama Cavalry, Eubanks dying in about five minutes. The wound was inflicted with a common pocket knife. I have sent Pettus to the military prison at Columbus, Ohio, and have the honor to request instructions as to what further action I shall take in the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 8, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for instructions.

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

