
much of my former work will have to be gone over, may I ask of you, if in your power, to have my parole renewed at once?

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S., Prisoner of War.

[Inclosure.]

(From the Richmond Examiner January 6.)

BLANKETS FOR UNION PRISONERS--THE DISTRIBUTION PROGRESSING--ONLY 2,000 FEDERAL PRISONERS CONFINED AT RICHMOND--REASON WHY OUR CAPTURED MEN ARE SENT SOUTHWARD.

Yesterday a commission from Grant's lines arrived at Varina, under flag of truce, bringing 1,500 blankets for distribution among the Federal prisoners in Richmond, in addition to 1,000 blankets received through the same source last week. Major Turner, the commandant of the Libby Prison post here, placed the distribution under the control of Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchins, a Federal officer and a prisoner, and the distribution of the blankets was progressing yesterday and will be concluded to-day.

This is an offset to the courtesy extended our prisoners in the North by the cargo of cotton sent from Mobile recently, which, converted into Federal currency, will go far toward supplying the wants of the suffering Confederate prisoners in the, to them, frigid zone of the North.

On the fifty-odd thousand Yankee prisoners computed to be now held in the South not over 2,000 are confined in Richmond, and more than the half of these are in the hospital. A wise determination of the Government has constantly for a year past been shifting the great body of the prisoners southward, and the wisdom of the order is being demonstrated every day. Richmond, hard pressed to feed its super-abundant population and the large army defending its gates,is relieved from the incubus of an overstocked prison post in its midst.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., January 13, 1865.

General J. B. HOOD, C. S. Army,

Commanding C. S. Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I take this means of informing you of an act of cold-blooded murder of prisoners of war recently committed by a company of scouts belonging to Forrest's forces and commanded by a Captain Harvey. The circumstances were as follows:

On the 20th of December last three officers belonging to the U. S. service were captured by this company of scouts, which numbered thirty-six men, about fourteen miles southeast of Murfreesborough. As soon as captured they were robbed of everything valuable which they had upon their persons, even their clothing. They were kept under guard for three days with some other prisoners--enlisted men who had been captured near Murfreesborough--until they reached a small town named Lewisburg, some eighteen miles south of Duck River. From there are captured officers were sent under guard of four men, as they were told by the guard, to Forrest's headquarters, and the enlisted men were taken off on a road leading to Columbia. The officers were taken

