
that time, the last of the sick and disabled having been sent on board the hospital ship Cosmopolitan on the 20th of May.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

RALEIGH, June 6, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN E. MULFORD,

Commissioner of Exchange, Richmond:

Not a word yet from you in answer to my numerous communications. My detention here extremely irksome. I wish to be in Richmond on the same parole as here. If needed as a witness I will be on the spot, though I know nothing whatever of Judge Ould's official matters. if you cannot get me sent to Richmond on parole, please send my wife and children North immediately. My case is a peculiarly hard one.

WILLIAM NORRIS,

Colonel and Commissioner of Exchange, C. S. Army.

OFFICE AGENT OF EXCHANGE, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., June 6, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the original rolls of about 1,800 prisoners of war (2,204 in equivalents) delivered over to me by the rebel agent of exchange (Major Szymanski) at the mouth of Red River on the 27th day of May, 1865. Of this number equivalents have already been delivered to and are acknowledged by the rebel authorities of 1,093; the remainder of that number (1,800) have been ordered (as paroled prisoners) to Benton Barracks, Mo. The men paroled, as the rolls indicate by red-ink notes, belong to the following organizations, viz: Seventy-seventh and One hundred and thirtieth Illinois; One hundred and twentieth Ohio; One hundred and sixty-second, One hundred and sixty-fifth, and One hundred and seventy-third New York; Twenty-third Wisconsin; eighteenth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, Thirty-third, and Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry. And (with the exception of Captains Fraunfelter and Miller, of the One hundred and twentieth Ohio, and Captain Prescott, of the One hundred and thirtieth Illinois, who are to be included amongst the exchanged) all of the men of these regiments are paroled. The men of all other organizations on the rolls constitute the equivalent of 1,093 to be declared exchanged. I would also respectfully state that the rolls of the (882 men, equal to 1,036 equivalents) rebel prisoners who were delivered to the rebel agent of exchange at the same time and place were forwarded, I am informed, by the commissary of prisoners (Captain Sterling) for this military division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Miss.

