
It is respectfully recommended that the petitioner be pardoned and discharged.

In absence of the Judge-Advocate-General:

A. A. HOSMER,

Major and Judge-Advocate.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Boston, June 7, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Agent and Com. of Exchange of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In addition to the statements in my letter of the 2nd instant in the matter of the boys, Charles Fairfax Revaleon and Charles Gerrish Amos, captured in Texas with a portion of the Forty-second Massachusetts Regiment, I have the honor to state that I am to-day informed by Mrs. Revaleon that the only intelligence that she has received concerning her son if from one Hersey, a private in the Forty-second, who told her on his return that her son was sent to Houston and was living with a Judge Wheelock. She was told by another person that both the boys, who are related, were together in the prison at Galveston as slaves of the keeper of the prison. The relatives of these boys are very respectable people, and are well known in their occupation to very many of our best citizens.

His Excellency the Governor directs me to thank you for your attention to this matter and to express his hope that no effort will be spared to recofer them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WARE,

Major and Acting Military Secretary.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSIONER OF EXCHANGE.

A copy of the within was sent to General Canby June 12, 1865, with an indorsement by General Hitchcock referring the same to General C. for consideration, with note from General H. of 5th instant.

DEPOT OF PRISONERS OF WAR,

Hart's Island, New York Harbor, June 7, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: a considerable tendency to scurvy prevails among the prisoners at this depot, and the purchase of fresh vegetables is strongly urged by the medical officers. If the whole are thus supplies the expenditure will be large, and it is difficult to discriminate. I have to request to know your views in this matter, as I think the matter should be attended to at once, unless there is a fair prospect of their speedy release.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

