
between yourself and General Lee for the supply of prisoners of war, we were ordered on our parole from Johnson's Island in the month of February last, for the purpose of distributing the proceeds of cotton sold in New York to prisoners of war confined at Camp Douglas. We respectfully represent that our mission has terminated some time ago, and we have made an application, through these headquarters and approved by the commanding general of this post, either to be paroled upon the terms granted by yourself to our respective commands, or that we may be allowed to return to our families (from whom we have been absent during the progress of the war) upon taking the oath of allegiance. These applications were made shortly after the surrender of General Lee's army to you at Apptomattox Court-House, and prior to the late proclamation of amnesty by the President, and as they have not been acted upon, we are induced to renew our most earnest application to you, either to extend the limits of our parole, that we may be allowed to return to the bosom of our families, or upon taking the oath of allegiance we may be released from imprisonment.

Hoping, general, that you will fully appreciate our present anomalous position as prisoners of war in peace times, and will so act as to secure or release,

We are, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON D. BABER,

Colonel Forty-fith Arkansas Regiment.

WM. C. CLIFTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-ninth Alabama Regiment.

A. L. McAFEE,

Major, Sixth Confederate Battalion of Cavalry.

[Firt indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF CHICAGO,Camp Douglas, Ill., June 10, 1865.

Respectfully indorsed. The facts are as stated in within application. The deportment, conversation, spirit, and entire conduct of the within-named applicants since their arrival at this post, FEbruary 20, 1865, has been such as to win my strong personal regard and official confidence. Believing that to grant their request would do them a kindness and could work no injury to the cause of the Government, but advance its interests, I respectfully recommend them to be discharged from custody on such terms as shall be deemed best.

B. J. SWEET,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War with the recommendation that all rebel officers who were paroled for the purpose of distributing supplies to Confederate prisoners be permitted to go to their homes on parole.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Third indorsemet.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 15, 1865.

Approved and referred to General Hoffman.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

