
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

Send all rebel officers who are not to be released under General Orders, Numbers 109, to Johnson's Island under suitable guard.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, VA., June 14, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFILD, Raleigh:

Send here all prisoners, papers, andd witnesses connected with the disposition of funds, &amp;c., sent to our prisoners of war through Richmond.

H. W. HALLECK,

major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 15, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Major-General MILES, Commanding at Fort Monroe:

BY order of General Grant, General Dix hass arrested John Mitchel, at New York, and sent him to Fort Monroe, to be deliveed to your charge. You will keep him a close prisoner, allowing him communication with no one. Inform this Department when he arrives at the fort. He is on board the steamer Henry Burden.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 16, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the Unite States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to return herewith the reports of Major Davis upon the condidtion of the prison depot at Johnson's Island, Ohio, and Rock Island, Ill., with the following remarks:*

The reports of Major Davis doubtless gives a very fair view of the state of the command at Johnson's Island. The undersigned deems the One hundred and twenty eighth Ohio Volunteerss a sample guard for the depot, and he concurs with Major Davis in the belief that the other regiment, Sixth Veteran Reserves, may with propriety be orderd to other service. The forts were not erected on the recommendation of the undersigned, and they are not now necessary for the defense of the island. The hospital reported by Major Davis as recently erected was authorized by the Secretary of War in September last, and the barracks were orderred by Major-General Hooker in November. The plan in use for the safe-keping and disbursement of the private funds of prisoners has been found by experience to be a very good one; very few cases have occurred where money of prisoners in the hands of the commanding officer has not been properly accounted for. To put it in the hands of a prisoner would be to place it beyond the reach of responsibility, and to require the accounts to pass through this office

---------------

*Davis' reports omitted.

---------------

