
would occasion much expense and labor for a matter purely for the private benefit of prisoners of war,but with very little advantage to them. Any excess of employes or means of transportation will be dispensed with.

The reports of Major Davis in regard to Rock Island is doubtless also correct. The relief of the One hundred and eighth Colored Infantry would have been recommended, but the size of the camp is such that a small number of prisoners require nearly as many men to guard them as a large number. In view of the speedy relase of all prisonerat Rock Island it is now recommended that this regiment be assigned to other duty. The remarks in reference to private funds of prisoners at Johnson's Island apply equally well to Rock Island. Money sent to prisoners has perhaps geen too ofter kept from them by the dishonesty of those who had the examining of their letters, but when funds are once in the hands of the commanding officer there is rarely any loss,

and it is belived that in the few cases where such things have unavoidably occurred the money has been made good to the prisoners.

The post fund is acconted for under the Army Regulations to the Adjutant-General and not to this office. The account of the prison fund is rendered to this office, and the amojnt shows that it is respectfully recommended that Fort Delaware be used in preference. If it is desirable to relieve the fort of the presence of prisoners, Camp Chase is recommended as being next most convenient, it being very central and being divided into three prisons, where officers, soldiers, andd citizens may be confined separately.

The barracks at rock Islandd for guard and prisoners are very good, and the inclosure may be so divide at no great cost as to make it convenient to hold a small or large number of prisoners there. There will probably not be over 250 officers to be held after the execution of General Orders, Numbers 109.

I respectfully suggest that Captain Matthew H. Kollock, of the one hundred and eighth U. S. Colored Troops, reported as deserted from the naval service, is unfit to hold a commission in the army.

I deem it proper in this place respectfully to suggest that quite extensive works having been erected on Johnson's Island, it would be advisable before returning it to its owner to decide the question as to the propriety of securing it for the location of a naval station for the defense of the northern frontier.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 16, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith lists* of citizen prisoners in confinement at various military prisons without charges or not

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

