
under sentence. Some at Nashville are awaiting sentence. I resspectfully suggest that al who are not charged with any offense, and those against whom there are no serious charges upon which they may be immeddiately tried, be at once released on their taking the oath of allegiance.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. MILITARY DDISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., June 16, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to forward the corrected letter of the prisoner Davis to Charles O'Conor, New York City.

I am, general, very respectfully, yor obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORTRESS MONROE, VA., June 15, 1865.

CHARLES O'CONNOR, Esq., &amp;c., New York, N. Y.:

MY DEAR SIR: On the 7th instant I addressedd you a leter and sent it to the commanding officer at this place for transmission; it has this day been returned to me because of objection made at Washington to a sentence in regard to those who you informed me had taken notice of my case. That ssentence being omitted, the following is a copy of the letter above referred to:

FORTRESS MONROE, VA., June 7, 1865.

CHARLES O'CONNOR, Esq., &c.:

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 2nd instant was laid before me yesterday, and to-day permission has been granted to me to make a specific reply to your offer. Formally then, I accept your tender of services as my counsel and offer my grateful acknowledgments for your kindnesss. * * *

After my capture as a prisoner of war the proclamation publicly accusing me and offering a reward for my arrest reachd the section where I then was. Since my arrival here all knowledge of passing events has been so rigorously excluded that I am quite ignorant as to any proceedings instituted against me, as well as the character of the evidence on which they could have been founded and consequently cannot judge what kind of testimony will be required for by vindication.

Though reluctant to tax you with the labor of coming here, I must, for the considerations indicate, request you to obtain the requisite authority to visit me for the purpose of a full conference.

Again tendering to you my sincere thanks, I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

I have adhered to the former mode of expression rather than any which might more fully present my wishes, because it is not likely to be regarded objectionable, the only matter excepted to having been omitted, and hope this may reach you at an early day and satisfactorily explain the delay of my reply to your magnanimous interposition in my behalf.

I am, very sincerely, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS

