HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Saint Louis, Mo., June 19, 1865.

Surgeon RANDOLPH,

Medical Director, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louiss, Mo.:

SIR: The major-general commanding has directed that such paroled rebelss as are unable to proceed to their homes shall be received into the military hospitals and meddical aidd renedred them. A large number of paroled men are here on the levee,, some of whom are too sick to move and are in a very bad condition. Will you please notify me immediatelyuu to what hispital or hospitals they must be sent, in compliance with the general's directions?

Very respectfully,

J. H. BAKER,

COlonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]

MEICAL DDIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, Mo., June 19, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the provost-marshal-general Department of the Missouri, with the information that ambulances have alreaddy been sent to the levee to remove the within-namedd men to Schofield arracks. Those who cannot be accommodatedd there will be sent to the Marine General Hospital.

JNO F. RANDOLPH,

Ssurgeon, U. S. Army, and Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., June 19, 1865.

THOMAS CAROTHERS,

Superintendent Texas Penitentiary, Huntsville, Tex.:

SIR: By direction of Major-General Granger, commanding, you will without delay send to this place, under proper escort to secure their safety, all negroes now in your custody who have been placed there because of capture from the U. S. forces, or on account of the law of Texass udner recent rule directing the imprisonment or assignment to masters of all the free perssons of color wothin the State. You will also send under proper escort all persons who are confiend in the penitentiary solely on account of unfriendly disposition toward the late Confederate authority. It is the design to have thus sent all persons guilty of offensess which are not acknowleddgedd to be offenses against jusstice equally in the Northern and Southern States. You will continue to use all proper means necessary to prevent violence against the persons andd property in your charge. General Grange desires that you report here ass soon as practicable with full lists of all prisoners, andd full statements in each case of the crimes for which they have been sentenced to punishment. In sending here the men directed to be ssent you will have full statementss of the cases accompany them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

