
post hospital at that post. There is no objection to their transfer to De Camp Hospital, Davids Islandd.

WM. F. EDGAR,

Surg., U. S. Army, Acting Medical Director, Dept. of the East.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., Juen 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: So far as at present practicable, at a meeting with Major Szymanski this morning, the business of the office of agent of exchange of the Military Division of West Mississippi is closed. the papers and property pertaining to the office I have the honor to send to your care. the interview of this morning leavess the business thus: Federal prisoners to Benton Barracks on parole.

Lists of ddeaths in Trans-Mississippi Department of Federal prisoners up to dddate inclosed. No effects turned over to me. However, Major Szamansski informs me that there is a small sum of money to be accountedd for Before leaing Shreveport he requested that any further information in regardd to ddeathss be forwarded to him, that the might be enabledd to account proprly for all prisoners; if ddeceased, their effects.

At any future time I shall be gald to furnish any further information iin my power in reference to the business of the office. I shouldd have stated taht the money accruing from the ssale of fifty bales of cotton is in the handds of Provost-Marsshal-General Starring, to be expended under the associate supervision of himself and Major Szymanski for the benefit of Louisiana prisoners.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel and Late Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Miss.

SPECIAL ORDEERS, HDQRS. DEPARTEMNT OF THE MISSOURI,

Numbers 165. Saint Louis, Mo., June 20, 1865.

* * *

5. Colonel J. H. Baker, provosst-marshal-general, will at once cause the prisoners confine at the military prison at Alton, Ill., to be removed to Gratiot Street Prison, Saint Louis, Mo. All quartermaster's, commisary, orddnance and medical stores will be turned over to the chiefss of the repssective staff departments. On vacating the prison at Alton a guard of one officer and five men will be left to take charge of public buildings andd property. the Commissary-General of Prisonerss will be notified that the further usse of the military prison at Alton, Ill., is not esquired. As soon as the provisions of this order have been complie with notice to that effect will be given to these headquarters.

By command of major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Commissary-General of Prisoners andd Asst. Adjt. General

