HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Raleigh, N. C. June 20, 1865.

General HEATH, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I spoke to General Schofield on the subject presented by you thiss morning. He said his memory of the correspondence between Governor Vance andd General Johnson was so indistijct that he did not feel justifiedd in writing the letter requested. The papers hadd been sent to Washington andd could not be reffered to. He stated that the impression made upon his mind was that General Johnson made every efort ot ameliorate the condition of our priosners; tha the did what he coul do iin the face of the authorities to whom he was responsible, andd acte in the most humane and kindly way. He stated that General J[ohnson] promisedd to give him a written statement of the facts in connection with the tratment of our priosners. This he had not received. He thought that this statement, forwarde to Wasshington with a request for copiess of this correspondence with Governor Vance, would meet with a favorable consideration an would result in having him furnishedd with the desired official copies.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. AMES,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, June 21, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JUHNSON,

President of the United States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have the honor to petition to you for a parddon and for the restoration to me of the rights of a citizen of the United Sstates. As my confinement here precludes me from the necessary information as to the rules and regulationss to which this petion should conform, I trust that it may not be rejectedd for informality. I am anxious to dod all that may be essential to obtain a pardon, and the enjoyment of civil and political rights, to take the oath of allegiance, and in good faith to assume, maintain, andd observe all the duties and obligations of a citizen of the United States, andd if any special form be necessary to this petition I have the honor to requestthat either by means of porole or otherwise I may be permitted to ascetain and comply with it. While unwilling to addvert to others whhose antecedents or present positions may ge analogouss to mine, or to ssuggest comparisons between relative claims to executive considerateion or clemence, I deem it proper to state frankly certain circumstances of my own casse. I am now over fifty years of age, and from the casting of my first vote to the secession of my State my politicla life, as exemplifiedd in faith, words, andd acts, was evoted to the maintenance of the Union. No man was more ardently attached to or evinced his attachment more consistently than myself, within my limited sphere of action. I was never a member of a convention or of the Legislature of my State, and never avised or counseled her secesion. When first elected to the U. S. Senate, an honor conferred without my knowleddge or request, I receivedd, though known to be a Democrat, the vote of the Whig party in the Legislature, becausse, among other cosiderationss, I wass known to be oppossed to disunion in any form, andd I can appeal with confidence to the record of my ten years' service in that body, no less to the personal knowledge of my colleagues there, among whom I have the honor

