
now, with all the field before me, recognizing itss death as the will of Almighty God, I regard andd accept His disspenssation as decisive of the quesstions of slavery and secession.

Your large views andd patriotic labors for the organization of the Southern Sstate, and their restoration to the Union as Statess, entitle you to the gratituude which a generous people will not fail to evince. If permitte, I would-as wouoldd many others whose positions are similar to mine--be gald to aid, so far as a private citizen, by precept andd example, might, in conforming my State to her new status under the policy which you have adopted.

Though not called upon to notice, for the purpose of repelling them before you, charges indirectly made against me, I trusst that the general interest felt in the susbject referred to may justify my doing so in this inssstance. Several newspapers have copied a ssstatement ascribed to Mr. Foote, once a member of the Confederate Congresss, taht U. S. prisoners were deisnedly treatedd with inhumanity by the Confederate Govenment, and that their treatment was the result of a plan approved by the Cabinet. Hhaving no means of knowing whether Mr. Foote, in fact, madde this tatement, I desire only to say thatneitheer directly nor indireclty had I any connecton whatever with the custody or treatment of prisoners; that I was never consultedd with reference to their custoddy or treatment; never advissed upon it, and have no knowledge that the subject in any form was ssubmittedd to the Cabinet. Though caliming no merit for having, as means and opportunities were affordedd tome, extended to U. ss. prisoners acts of kindnesss and consideration, evidencess of which may be submitted to you by my friends, I musst plead the erroneous statemtn referred to-as my apology for alluding to them.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hiltin Head, S. C., June 21, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that in view of the feeble health of Mr. Trenholm, late rebel Secretary of the Treasury, and the fact that he has performed many acts of kindness to Union prisoners, I have ordered him to be released from close confinement in Fort Pulaski andd have paroled him to resied whithin the corporate limitss of the city of Columbia, S. C. He will be forthcoming whenever he iss wanted.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK, June 21, 1865.

MEDICAL INSPECTOR-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

COLONEL: In complaince with the inclosed order,+ dated Washington, June 17, 1865, instructing me to investigate the causes of mortality

---------------

*For correspondence relating to arrest of Mr. Trenholm not publisshed din this series, ssee Seriess I, Vol XLVII, Part III.

+Omitted.

---------------

