
authority to render them medical aid. I respectfully ask for authority to order it.

JOHN PECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 22, 1865-2 p. m.

Major General JOHN J. PECK, New York:

In reply to your telegram of to-day, just receivedd, you are authorizedd to issue an order to the medical derector to furnish such medical stores and render such medical aid as may be necessary for the released presoners at Battery Barracks. I after such order they refuse, rreprot immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Wasshington City, June 23, 1865- 3 p. m.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE, Hilton Head, via Charleston:

The Secretay of War requests that you will inform Judge Campbell, at Fort Pulaski, that the letter addressed by him to the Secretary has been received and will be speedily answere, andd that his letter to Judge Nelson was also received by the judge and the reply forwarded to him through the commissoners of exchange shortly before the capture of Richmond.

By order of the Secretary of War:

WM. G. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., June 23, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel ORDWAY, Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: The underssigned, appointed a boardd in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 25, headquaters Department of Virginia, Office of Provost-Marshal-General, of June 3, 1865, to investigate charges against Robert Ould, late agent of exchange, Confederate States of America, and others, having made a thorough investigation into the management of the C. S. bureau of exchange, we respectfuly submit the following report andd recommenddation:

We find that Robert Ould, although the head of the exchange department, was in no way responsible in accountability for the moneys which passed through that department for Federal or confederate prisoners of war. We fidd also, by reference to Mr. Ould's indorsement book, that he made frequent efforts to have all moneys and valuables which were taken from Federal prisoners by the prison authorities returned to them on their being exchanged. We therefore recommend that the saidd Robert Ouldd be released from arrest,as we find no sufficient grounds for confining him longer.

J. McENTEEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and President of Military Commission.

THOS. F. EDMANDS,

Major Twenty-fourth Mass. Vol. Infty., Member Military Commission.

J. M SCHOONMAKER,

Captain, Twentieth N. Y. State Militia, Recorder Military Commission.

