
civil commotions, were conscientiously believed to be right and dutiful. I frankly own that events have seriously shaken the foundations of my opinions, and to much extent affected my views; but the occasion is not appropriate to expression of any change, since my present circumstances might bring my motives unjustly into quesstion.

Upon my return home I immediately withdrew to private life, in pursuance of a previously announced purpose, and so remained since then to the time of my arrest. This purpose I still entertain for my few remaining days. As before statedd, I did not participate in the civil or military organization or action of the Confederate Government. I consider that the war hass evolved and embedded in the Governent two leading facts which must, and legitimately sshould, exercise a permanent control in American politics, namely, the fact as respects oursocial sstructure, that involuntary sservitude is abolishe forever, and the other fact as respectss our political structure, that the Unon is national. Universal freedom and American unity must now be regarded as fundamental principles in the Goverenment of the United States, and therefore carddinal points of policy. so believing, I accept them in good faith and am prepared to aid their beneficial development. As one of the consequences of the recognition of nationality in the Government of the Union, there follows, in my juddgment, the obligation of a direct and superior allegiance of the citizen to the Government of the United States in all matters falling within the sphere of the Federal powers, and therefore I can honestly undetake, and shall truly perform, the dutis of an allegiant citizen of the United States, according to the oath I have taken this day. To you who ae familiar with the antecedents of political parties and public men, and with the theories and issues which have divided the country for many years passt, I have not deemed it necessary to do much more than distinctly present my prayer. I am induced also to hope that while the brevity of this application may bring it more speedily under your consideration, it will not repel your favor. For whatever acts I have done which may by Your Excellency be considered in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States, I ask from you, who represent the national will, a full amnesty.

DAVID L. YULEE.

FORT PULASKI, June 24, 1865.

David L. Yulee, a prisoner confined in Fort Pulaski by the order of Major-General Gillmore, commanding the Department of the Ssouth, hereby declares under oath that in making application to the Pressident for pardon under the invitaiton of the proclamation of amnesty of May 29, 1865, he ssupposes, withoutbeing sure, that he may be regarded as falling within the fourth, twelfth, and thirteenth exceptin caluses of the ssaid proclamation and under no others.

D. L. YULEE.

Ssworn to before me this 24th day of June, 1865.

JOS. B. RIFE,

First Lietuenant, Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, Post Adjutant and Local Provost-Marshal.

NOTE.-The affiant, while supposing he may in advance of a consideration of his case be regarded as falling within the fourth and thirteenth as well as the twelfth exception clauses, and therefore to

