
comply fully with the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 38, of the District of Georgia, has called attention to them; thinkss it proper to addd that he does not regard himself as falling sstrictly under any other than the twelfth, the fourth and thirteenth not being applicable to his case, as will appear by reference to the memorial which this affidavit accompanies.

I, David L. Yulee, do solemnly swear in presence of Almighty God that I will henceforth fithfully support and defent the Constitution of the United State, and the Union of the State thereunder, and that I will in like manner abide by and faithfully support all laws and proclamations which have been made during the existing reellion with reference to the emancipation of slaves: so help me God.

Subscribed at Fort Pulaski, and sworn to on the 23rd of June, A. D. 1865.

D. L. YULEE.

Sworn to before me this 24th of June, 1865.

JOS. B. RIFE,

First Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, Post Adjutant and Local Provos-Marshal.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 24, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

GENERAL: With reference to your communication of the 3rd instant in relation to the killing of B. F. Eubanks by William R. Pettus, both prisoners of war at Camp Chase, I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to inform you that it has been decided that incase of this character of homicide of one rebel prisoner by another at one of our prison camps the crime is not one that can properly be taken cognizance of by a U. s. military court. If the local criminal tribunals should dessire to pass upon this orany other similar case, the post commandant would properly respond to a formal request to that effect by placing the accussed party in the hands of the criminal authorities for trial.

Very resspectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., June 24, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel ORDWAY, Provost Marshal-General:

COLONEL: The undersigned, appointed a board in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 25, headquarters Department of Virginia, Office of Provost-Marshal-General, of June 3, 1865, to investigate charges against Major Isaac H. Carrington, C. S. Army, late provost-marshal of Richmond, and otherss, respectfully submit the following report:

Major Carrington was arrested on the supposition that he could give information regarding Captain C. Morfit, assistant quartermaster, C. S. Army, the custodian of moneyss taken from Federal prisones of war. As soon ass occassion offered the saidd Major Carrington volunteered the information thata he hadd in his possision an amount of money left with

