
I shall use all my exertion to forward this (already too long delayed) business with as much dispatch as possible, and keep you promptly informed of my actions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK G. NOYES,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

[JANUARY 13, 1865.--For Maury to Seddon, reporting the delivery of 1,000 bales of cotton to be disposed of for the benefit of C. S. prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 781.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 13, 1865.

Captain H. S. DOGGETT, Fredericksburg, Va.:

Detain Honorable H. S. Foote until further orders.*

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS, Fredericksburg, Va., January 13, 1865.

Major CARRINGTON, Provost-Marshal:

MAJOR: I advised you by telegraph last night that I had caused Honorable Henry S. Foote, member of Congress from the State of Tennessee, to be arrested at Occoquan on the 10th instant on his way to Washington City, for the following reasons:

On Sunday, the 8th, information was lodged with me that Honorable Henry S. Foote and lady, after having spent the night previous with Joseph B. Ficklen, at Falmouth, had left early in the day for Dumfries, and thence to pass beyond our lines into the lines of the United States. I at once dispatched two trusty men with written orders, per inclosed paper, marked A. My verbal instructions were not to interfere with the honorable gentleman or his lady until they had clearly exhibited a purpose to pass beyond our jurisdiction, which I took it for granted would be quite apparent when they passed beyond Dumfries. My reason for being thus particular was that it was intimated that Mr. Foote might be going to Prince William to visit friends. It gives me pleasure to say that these orders were implicitly obeyed, and that Mr. Foote was not molested until he arrived at Occoquan, which is within five miles of the enemy's camp and thirty-seven miles beyond my picket-lines at this place. Here he was arrested and brought back to this place. On his arrival here he stated without reserve to me that his purpose was to go through Washington with his family to the State of Tennessee, and that while in Washington, he should use his best efforts to negotiate a treaty of peace. Since his arrival at this place he withdrew a resignation of his seat in Congress, which he had previously written and left with a friend, to be mailed to the Honorable Speaker of the House of Representatives.

His wife, my scouts say, had proper papers to pass beyond our lines. In consequence of Mr. Foote's age and position, and my belief that I could rely upon his honor, I have paroled him to remain within the

---------------

*For other correspondence relating to Honorable H. S. Foote not published herein see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II.

---------------

