
enter into any correspondence with Mrs. Davis or to attempt to interfere in the course of justice. Her own case and that of her husband are in the hands of the Government, which will do what may be right.

I have made inquiry as toher husband's health and I will be obliged to you if you will cause her to be informed that it is reported to be beffer than when she parted with him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 29, 1865.

Brigadier General J. K. BARNES, Surgeon-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: In reference to the transfer of prisoners of war from the hospital at Hart-s Islasnd to the general hospital at Davids Island, as recommended by the medical director Department of the East, I have respectfully to request that you will give the necessary instructions for their reception at Davids Island and I will order the commanding officer at Hart's Islands to make the transfer. It will be necessary that the medical officer who received them should make the required reports to this office of their receipt, discharge, &amp;c. All necessary blanks and instructions will be furnished from this office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General U. S. Army, commissasry-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE,

June 29, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

The following report of the opinion of this Bureau upon the proceedings at the trial by military commission of certain persons charged with conspiring to liberate rebel prisoners of war confined in Chicago and to destroy and sack that city is respectfully submitted: The commission began its sessions on the 11th of January, 1865. The prisoners arraigned before if were: Charles Walsh, Buckner S. Morris, Vincent Marmaduke, R. T. Semmes, Charles T. Daniel alias Cahrles Travis, G. St. Leger Grenfel, and Benjamin M. Anderson. Walsh was convicted and sentenced to five years' penitentiary confinement; Morris and Marmaduke were acquitted by the commission; Semmes was convicted and sentenced to three years' imprisonment; Daniel escaped from confinement during the trial, but was, notwithstanding, convicted and sentenced to death; Anderson committed suicide in prison, and Grenfel was convicted and condemned to death. General Hooker approves the proceedings in all the cases, and in those of Daniel and Grnefel refers the proceedings ofr the action of the President. He designates the penitentiary at Columbus, Ohio, as the place of confinement of the prisoners Walsh and Semmes. In the case of Walsh a separate report has been rendered unnecessary. In the case of Semmes a special report upon his application for pardon was prepared in this Bureau on the 6th of June and has been submitted to the President.

