
The prisoners were arraigned upon the following charges:

1st. Conspiring, in violation of the laws of war, to release the rebel prisoners of war confined by authority of the United States at Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill.

2nd conspiring, in violation of the laws of war, to lay waste and destroy the city of Chicago, Ill.

The time laid in the specifications as that selected for the perpetration of these crimes was the 1st day of November, 1864, or thereabouts. The action of the commission in proceeding to the conviction and sentence of the prisoner Daniel after his voluntary flight has the sanction of precedent, and has been held by this Bureau to be justified in the similar case of Harrison H. Dodd, grand commander of the Order of the Sons report upon that case infavor of the legality of such a course is still adhered to by this Bureau. Daniel is shown to have been a soldier in the so called Confederate service, and was arrested on the roof of the house occupied by Walsh, now under conviction for participation in the conspiracy. There can be no doupt that he was one of a large number of rebel fugitives sent from Canada toaid in the hideous projects of the conspirators; and the abandonment of his defense by voulntary flight is belived to have been properly accepted by the commission, apart from the evidnece, as a confession of his guilt. It is respectfully recommended that the sentence in his case be approved.

In the case of G. St. Leger Grenfel, now under sentence of death for complicity in the conspiracy, a careful examination of the record brings this Bureau to the conclusion that the commission are warranted by the evidence taken in the case, and by the rules of law as applicable to the impeachment of witnesses, in the findings to which, after a most patient and doubtless absolutely impartial investigation of the case, they have ultimately arrived.

Taht a plot for the release of the prisoners at Camp Douglas and the destruction of Chicago was planned and nearly matured, is placed beyond a doubt by all the evidence in the case. that it was designed and matured by rebel agents of the Confederate Government in Canada, its const defrayed from funds placed in the hands of those agents for such pruposes, and a large number of those who were to have been its perpetrators sent thence to aid and lead in the assault, is also demonstrated. The proofs are further conclusive that many of the dore prominent leaders of the SOrder of the Sons of Liberty were cognizant of the design, lent it their hearty approval and support, and aimed to involve in it, through the machinery of their trasonable associations, the multitudes of deluded followers, whose faith in the Government they had taken every measure to undermine, and whose obedience to their mandates they had, as they thought, secured by the most solemn and binding obligations. the evidence which tends to fasten upon Grenfel a knowledge of and participation in the plot is of sucsh a nature as to satisfy this Bureau of the correctness of the conclusions of the court. It si chiefly that of a witness named John T. Shanks, formerly in the rebel service and lately a prisoners of war at Camp Douglas. He was employed in November last by the commanding officer of thepost, Brigadier-General Sweet, to act as a detective in the discovery of evidence against persons supposed to be connected with the conspiracy for the release of the Camp Douglas prisoners and the destruction of the city of Chicago. Grenfgel, whom the witness knew to have been formerly in the rebel service, was then at the Richmond House, and had registered his name without concealment upon its books. With him the witness Shanks sought an interview, and he details on the

