
stand a conversation which he states he himself had with Grenfel, in company with a man of the name of Fielding, from whom he also swears that he obtained in a separate conversation further corroborative proof of Grnefel's complicity in the alleged conspiracy. At his first interview with Grenfel the witness states that no one else was present, and that they separated after a few questions had been put him as to the readiness of the Camp Douglas prisonrs to co-operate with assistance from without. the second meeting was at 9.30 on the sasme evening, when Grenfel introduced him to a Mr. Fielding. this interview was also brief, in consequence of Grenfel's stating that he was ill; and Fielding at once went away with witness to another room, where much iformation was imparted to the latter on the subject of the plot. Shanks and Grenfel were arrested to the latter on the subject of the plot. Shanks and Grenfel were arrested at the hotel on the same night. The witness testifies that at each of these conversations the plans of the conspirators were expsosed to him. If his statements are to be relied upon, they fasten upon Grenfel a complete knowledge of the plot, and are emaply sufficient to warrant the enforcement of the sentence pronounced by the commission. Shanks' first interview with Grenfel, as has already been stated, was of but few minutes' duration, which he states were employed by the latter in questions about the willingness of the prisoners to co-operate. they were wholly alone. They met again by appontment at 9.30 the sasme evening, and witness was introduced by Grenfel to one Fielding. "Something was said at the interview about esffecting the release of the Camp Douglas prisoners, and I was asked by Fielding how many men would be required to accomplish that." Witness volunteered with 200 men to tear down one side of the square, and Grenfel, fielding, and Shanks went on to arange the details of the plan. The conversastion was with Fielding, but in the hearing of Grenfel, who was walking to and fro and occasionally making suggestions. After witness had, as he states, exhibited a plan of the camp, Gremfel, who was walking to and fro and occasionally maing suggestions. After witness had, as he states, exhibited a plan of the camp, Gremfel professed to be unwell and Shanks and Fielding went away to another room, where the details were again minutely gone over and the various parts assigned. Witness states that he saw a great many others at the hotel that evening who were in the conspiracy, but is unable to give their names. Witness states, in answer to a question of the judgeadvoacate, that at his first interview with Grenfel the latter said that themeans for the project were to come from the Confederate Government, and influential citizsens of the North were to co-operate. colonel Grenfel was to lead the attack on the city. Fielding said there were about 1,500 men they could rely on. Grenfelo informed witness he was in communication with Judge Morris and his wife in the project. It was attempted to show by oral testimony, in order to impeach and discredit this witness, that he had been convicted while a clerk in the land office in texas under an indictment for the forgery of land warrants, and to have spent many months in prison in expiatioin of his crime This he denied under oath in the most positive manner when crossexamined upon it by the counsel for the defense. It is a well-settled rule of law that the answer of a witness to a question put him on cross-examination upon a collateral matter and with a view to injure his credibility muswt be taken as final. Evidence in rebuttal cannot be legally admitted afterward to show the falsity of his answer. And though consideragbel testimony was subsequently introduced by the defense to show that Shanks had been convicted and punished for forgery while in Texas, yet his denial of this accusation of cross-examination is legally decisive of the matter, and renders the admission of

