
He then goes on to say that he went to General Walsh's house and made cartridges and had a conversation with Walsh, in which the latter said there were upward of 1,200 men engaged in the enterprise. His next reference to Grenfel is that the latter told him that Marmaduke was in Chicago also, which, however, has no bearing on the case, inasmuch as the commission acquitted Marmaduke of the charges. He then states that his party became alarmed from some cause and departed.

Grenfel came down into our room and said he could not find anybody, either Hines or Marmaduke, who could tell him what to do. He afterward told me that all they had to do was to go to South Illinois and drill copperheads.

It is to be stated here that the evidence of the defense establishes conclusively that he did not do this, but spent the two following months in shooting, in no connection with politics whatever. this is freely admitted by the judge advocate. The witness is subsequently asked if he had any conversation with Grenfel on the cars from Canada to Chicago, and he replied, "Yes;" that Grenfel came up to the end of the car where he and his party were, wearing a gray suit of clothes, and on being told by witness that in those clothes he "would not live five hours in Chicago," replied:

No; this is an old uniform that was worn in an English battalion I once belonged to. I have my English papers and my dog and gun, and if they ask me what I am doing I will say I am going a hunting.

The remaining testimony affecting Grenfel is that of one George W. Hull, another rebel soldier. He details a conversation had by him in KIentucky in October last with Benjamin M. Anderson, one of the accused, and who committed suicide during the progress of the trial, in which he states Anderson told him of an intended attack on Camp Douglas, and that an Englishman had been found who was to lead the assault. On being pressed the witness stated that he inquired of Anderson if the Englishman's name was Grenfel, and he thinks he answered that it was. In the course of the testimony of this witness he describes several cases of cruelty practiced by the accused on Union men while in the rebel service. These circumstances were not alluded to by the witness until his cross-examination, a conversastion had by him on the 9th of January, 1865, with one Doctor Jeffries, in which he swears he first divulged Anderson's revelations made the October previous. His testimony in this matter loses, however, somewhat of its weight, because, by his own showing, he kept to himself his knowledge of the intended attack on chicago till after the commencement of the trial. He subsequently swears that he made no mention of Anderson to Jeffries, but confined his remarks to Grenfel only. He sewars that he cannot tell how the prosecution knew of his interview with Anderson, so as to interrogate him on that point.

Colonel Absalom B. Moore, One hundred and fourth Illinois Volunteers, testifies to a conversation in his hearing, immediately after the battle of Hartsville, in December, 1862, between two rebel officers, of whom Grenfel was one, in which conversation one of the two remarked that if he could have his way he would raise the black falg and show no quarter to prisoners. this, however, he is not certain to have heard ssaid by Grenfel, though he is positive that it was not opposed by him at the moment. Nothing inculpating Colonel Grenfel in any way was found on the search of his private baggage.

The direct evidence to Grenfel's complicity in the conspiracy is chiefly that of Shanks. Through the illegality of the testimony introduced to

