
discredit him, and its necessary rejection by the court and this Bureau, he stands unimpeached and is entitled to implicit credit. His testimony is minute, direct, and full, and completely implicates the accused in one of the most stupendous projects of causeless and profitless crime known to modern times. It should be stated, however, that the other defendants at this trial, many of whom were by the testimony as deeply involved in the conspiracy as Grenfel himself, were spared by the court the shame of an ingnominious death on the scaffold, and two of them received a full acquittal at its hands. It is for the President to determene whether, in the exercise of the mercy vested in him by the laws, some mitigation of the sentence pronounced by the court may not, without detriment to the interests and the safety of the nation, be extended to the accused. For the accused, himself the subject of a tense of provocation or wrong, united himself with traitors and malefacctors for the overthrow of our Republic in the interest of slavery, an institution abhorred by his cou7ntry and people, there ccxan be neither ever, growing out of the overthrow of the rebellion and the arrest or flight of its leaders, and the security for the future thus afforded, it may be that the President will fell justified in sparing even so unworthy and ishonored a life as that of the accused is shown to be. If the death sentence is commuted it is believed that the punsihment substituted should be severe and infamous.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

[JUNE 30, 1865.-For report of arrest of L. B. Northrop, see Series I, Vol, XLVII, Part III, p. 672.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 30, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend that the prisoners of war remaining in hospital at Newport News be transferred to the general hospital at Hampton, near Fort Monroe, and that those at Elmira, Camp Chase, Camp Morton, Camp Douglas, and Rock Island be transferred to the post hospital at those several places, to be taken charge of and accounted for by the medical officer in charge. Where the post hospital is not sufficiently large to accommodate all the sick the prison haspital may be occupied. The object of this arrangement is to remove the necessity for a prison guard at these several stations. The sick prisoners will be turned over to the medical officer in charge, who will release them as fast as they are sufficiently recovered, under General Orders, Numbers 109, current series, reporting such discharges to this office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,June 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War and recommended.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

44 R R--SERIES II, VOL VIII

