
limits of this town until I receive instructions from your office. Please advise me as early as possible what disposition to make of him. Since writing the above I have received the telegram of the Honorable Secretary of War instructing me to "detain Honorable H. S. Foote until further orders." This order having been exhibited to H. S. Foote, he informed me of his purpose immediately to apply to Honorable Judge Halyburton, at Richmond, for the privilege of writ of habeas corpus in his case.

Respectfully submitted.

H. S. DOGGETT,

Captain, Commanding Post, and Provost-Marshal.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 16, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Honorable Secretary of War.

The original of these papers was filed with the committee of the House of Representatives.

IS. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 19, 1865.

Noted. File. The release of Mr. Foote has been ordered since the action of the House of Representatives on his case.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

A.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 4. Fredericksburg, Va., January 8, 1865.

I. Privates Hussing and White, Seventh South Carolina Cavalry, will proceed immediately to Dumfries, and farther if necessary, and arrest Henry S. Foote and family, who have been reported at these headquarters to be making their way to the enemy. Their papers will be examined, and unless they exhibit proper passes from the Secretary of War they will be brought to these headquarters immediately. They will impress horses, if necessary, and be as expeditious as possible.

H. S. DOGGETT,

Captain, Commanding, &amp;c.

FLORENCE, January 13, 1865.

Major JOHN G. STOKES:

(Care of Honorable David Clopton.)

Accept command offered. Notify War Department. Get full instructions.

E. M. LAW,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

The command suggested and herein referred to is that of the prisons and prisoners east of the Savannah River.

DAVID CLOPTON.

RICHMOND, January 14, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: We have the honor to announce to you that the State of Alabama has appropriated $500,000 for the relief of prisoners from that State held by your Government. The undersigned having been

