
whom no charges were forwarded were discharged some days since by direction of Lieutenant-General Grant, through the Commissary-General of Prisoners. Colonel Kuhn, present commander, has been in commadn since March 10, 1865. His regiment, the One hundred and forty-fourth Illinois, was raised for a prison guard and has some five months longer to serve. I should think it would be advisable tomuster them out and use the veteran regiments for provost duty. The expense of a guard here will soon exceed all that cna be realized from the sale of the public property. General Copeland (brigadier-general) was relieved from command of this place in January last, and has remained here since "awaiting orders."

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Numbers 148. Cincinnati, Ohio, July 3, 1865.

* * *

12. Major S. P. Lee, Sixth regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, will at once proceed to Johnson's Island, Ohio, and assume command of the two companies of the regiment now en route for that post. In addition to his other duties, Major Lee will, on Colonel Hill, One hundred and twenty-eighth Ohio volunteer Infantry, being mustered out of service, take charge of the prison and prisoners at Johnson's Island, under suchn orders as may have been issued by the Commissary-General of Prisoners or other competnet authority, and will be held strictly accountable for the safe-keeping of all the prisoners and property turned over to him by Colonel Hill.

* * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

O. H. HART,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, July 4, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herein a letter from C. S. Clay, jr., to the honorable Secretary of War. I would also state that Mr. Clay, since being confined here, has been treated as well as my orders would permit. His food has been cut up for him before carried in, and he has been allowed a wooden knife to eat with. At my request he has been permitted to walk about for an hour each morning, which is greatly improving his health. He will, I think, in a short time be as well as a man of his constitution can be under the corcumstances. He is very anxious for a speedy trial. Unlike Davis, his confinement seems to affect his nervous system.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

