
William H. Seward, as adforesaid, to deprive the ARmy and Navy of the sasid United States of a constitutional commander-in-chief; and to deprive the Armies of the United States of their lawful commander, and to prevent a lawful election of President and Vice-President of the United States aforesaid; and by the means aforesaid to aid and comfort the insurgents engaged in armed rebellion against the said United States, as aforesaid, and thereby to aid in the subversion and overthrow of the Constitution and laws of the sasid United States.

And being so combined, confederate, and conspiring together in the prosecution of said unlawful and traitorous conspiracy on the night of the 14th day of April, A. D. 1865, at the hour of about 10 o'clock and 15 minutes p. m., at Ford's Theater, on Tenth street, in the city of Washington, and within the military department and military lines aforesaid, John wilkes Booth, one of the conspirators aforesaid, in pursuance of said unlawful and traitorous conspiracy, did, then and there, unlawfully, maliciously, and traitorously, and with intent to kill and murder the said Agraham Lincoln, dischartge a pistol, then held in the hands of him, the sadi Booth, the sasme being then loaded with powder and a leaden ball, against and upon the left and posteriour side of the head of the said Abraham Lincoln; and did thereby, then and there, inflict upon him, the sasid Abraham Lincoln, then President of the said united States and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and navy thereof, a mortal wound, whereof afterward, to wit, on the 15th day of Arpil, A. d. 1865, at Washington City aforesaid, the said Abraham Lincoln died; and thereby, then and there, and in pursuance of said conspiracy, the said defendants and the said John Wilkes Booth and John H. Surratt did, unlawfully, traitorously, and maliciously, and with the intent to aid the rebellion as aforesaid, kill and murder the said Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, as aforesaid.

And in furhter prosecution of the unlawful and traitorous conspiracy afforessaid, and of the murderous nand traitorous intent of said conspiracy, the sasid Edward Spanger, on said 14th day of April, A. D. 1865, at about the sasme hour of that day, as aforesadi, withi said military department and the military lines aforesasid, did aid and assist the sasid John Wilkes Booth to obtain entrance to the box in said theater in which said Abrahasm Lincoln was sitting at the time he was assaulted and shot, as aforessaid, by John Wilkes Booth; and also did then and there aid said Booth in barring and obstructing the door of the box of sasid theater so as to hinder and prevent any assistance to or rescue of the ssaid Abraham Lincoln against the murderous assault of the said John Wilkes Booth, and did and abet him in making his escape after the sasid Abraham Lincoln had been murdered in manner aforesaid.

And in furher prosecution of said unlawful, murderous, and traitorous conspiracy, and in pursuance thereof, as aforesasid, the said Lewis Payne did, on the same night of the 14th day of April, A. D. 1865, about the same hour of 10 o'clock and 15 minutes p. m., at the city of Washington, and within the military department and the military lines aforesaid, unlawfully and maliciously make an assault upon the said William H. Seward, Secretary of State, as aforesaid, in the dwelling-house and bedchamber of him, the said William H. Seward, and the sasid Payne did then and there, with a large knife, geld in his hand, unlawfully, traitorusly, and in pursuance of sasid conspiracy, strike, stab, cut, and attempt to kill and murder the said William H. Seward, and did thereby, then and there, and with the intent aforesaid, with said knife, held in his hand, unlawfully, traitorously, and in pursuance of said conspiracy, strike, stab, cut, and attempt to kill and murder the said William H. Seward, and did thereby, then and there, and with the intent aforesaid, with said knife inflict upon the face and throat of the said William H. Seward, Augustus H. Seward, Emrick W. Hansell, and George F. Robinson, who were then striving to protect and rescue the said William H. Seward from murder by the said Lewis Payne, and did them and there,with sasdi knife and pistol held in his hands, inflict upon the head of said Frederick W. Seward, and upon the persons of said Augustus H. Seward, Emrick W. Hansell, and George F. Robinson, divers grievous and dangerous wounds with intent, then and there, to kill and murder the said Frederick W. Seward, Augustus H. Seward, Emrick w. Hansell, and Gesorge F. Robinson.

And in further prosecution of said conspiracy and its traitorous and murdereous designs, the said George A. Atzerodt did, on the night of the 14th of April, A. D. 1865, and about the same hour of the noght aforesaid, within the military department and the military lines aforesasid, lie in wait for Andrew Johnson, then vice-President of

