
the United States aforesaid, with the intent unlawfully and maliciously to kill and murder him, the said Andrew Johnson.

And in the further prosecution of the conspiracy aforesaid, and of its murderous and treasonable purposes aforesaid, on the nights of the 13th and 14th of April, A. D. 1865, at Washington City, and within the military department and military lines aforesaid, the said Michael O'Laughlin did then and there lie in wait for Ulysses S. Grant, then lieutenant-general and commander of the Armies of the United Stsates, as aforesaid, with intent then and there to kill and murder the said Ulysses S. Grant.

And in further prosecution of said conspiracy, the said Samyel Arnold did, within the military department and militarylines aforesaid, on or before the 6th day of March, A. D. 1865, and on divers other days and times between that day and the 15th day of April, A. D. 1865, combine, conspire with, and aid, counsel, abet, comfort, and support, the said John Wilkes Booth, Lewis Payne, George A. Atzerodt, Michael O'Laughlin, and their confederates, in said unlawful, murderous, and traitorous conspiracy and in the execution thereof, as aforesaid.

Adn in further prosecution of the said conspiracy, Mary e. Surratt did, at Washington City, and within the military department and militarylines aforesaid, on or before the 6th day of March, A. D. 1865, and on divers other days and times between that day and the 20th day of April, A. D. 1865, receive, entertain, harbor and conceal,aid and assist the said John Wilkes Booth, David E. herold, Lewis Payne, John H. Surratt, Michael O'Laughlin, George A. Atzerodt, Samuel Arnold, and their confederates, with knowledge of the murderous and traitorous conspiracy aforesaid, and with intent to aid, abet, and assist them in the execution thereof, and in escaping from justice after the murder of the said Abraham Lincoln, as aforesaid.

And in further prosecution of said conspiracy, the said Samuel A. Mudd did, at Washington City, and within the military department and military lines aforesaid, on or before the 6th day of March, A. D. 1865, and on divers other days and times between that day and the 20th day of April, A. D. 1865, advise, encourage, receive, entertain, harbor and conceal, aid and assist the said

ohen Wilkes Booth, David E. Herold, Lewis ayne, John H. Suraratt, Miechael O'Laughlin, George A. Atzerodt, Mary E. Surratt, and Samyuel Arnold, and their confederates, with knowledge of the murderous and traitorous conspiracy aforesesasid, and with intent to aid, abet, and assist themin the execution thereof, and in escaping from justice after the murder of said Abraham Lincoln, in pursuance of said conspiracy in manner aforesaid.

To which charge and specification the accused, David E. Herold, G. A. Atzerold, Lewis ayne, Mary E. Surratt, Michael O'Laughlin, Edward Spangler, Samuel Arnold, and Samuel A. Mudd, pleaded not guilty.

FINDINGS AND SENTENCES.

1. In the case of David E. Herold, the commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduce, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; as to which part thereof, not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty, except the words of the charge, that he combined, confederated, and conspired with Edward Spangler; as to which part of said charge not guilty.

And the commission does, therefore, sentence him the said David E. Herold, to be hanged by the neck until he be dead, at such time and place ass the President of the United States shall direct, two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring therein.

2. In the case of George A. Atzerodt, the commission, haing maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specificastion, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

And the commission does, therefore, sentence him the ssaid George A. Atzerodt, to be hung by the neck until he be dead, at such time and place as the President of the United States shall direct, two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring therein.

3. In the case of Lewis Payne, the commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduce, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

Ot eh charge, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not gyilty.

And the commission does, therefore, sentence him the said Lewis Payne, to be hung by the neck until he be dead, at such time and place as the President of the United States shall direct, two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring therein.

