
4. In the case of Mary E. Surratt, the commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, guilty, except as to reciving, entertaining, harboring, and concealing Samuel Arnold and Michael O'Laughlin, and except as to combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty, except as to combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

Adn the commission does, therefore, sentence her the ssaid Mary E. Surratt, to be hung by the neck until she be dead, at such time and place as the President of the United States shall direct, two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring therein.

5. In the case of Michael O'Laughlin, the commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduce, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, guilty, except the words thereof as follows: "And in the further prosecution of the conspiracy aforesaid, and of its murderous and treasonable purposes aforesaid, on the nights of the 13th and 14th of April, A. D. 1865, at Washington City, and within the military department and military lines aforesaid, the said Michael O'Laughlin did then and there lie in wait for Ulysses S. Grant, then lieutenant-general and commander of the Armies of the United States, with intent then and there to kill and murder the said Ulysses S. Grant;" of said words not guily, and except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

Adn the commission does, therefore, sentence him, the said Michael O'ALaughlin, to be imprisoned at hard labor for life at such penitentiary as the President of the United States shall designate.

6. In the case of Edward Spangler, the commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, not guilty, except as to the words, "The said Edward Spangler, on said 14th day of April, A. D. 1865, at about the same hour of thsat day, as aforesaid, wothin sasid military department and the military lines aforesaid, did aid and abet him (meaning John Wilkes Booth) in making his escape after the said Araham Lincoln had been murdered inmanner aforesadi;" and of these words, guilty.

Of the charge,not guilty, but guilty of having feloniously and traitorously aided and abetted

ohn Wilkes Booth in making his escape after having killed and murdered Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, he the sasid Edward said Abraham Lincoln, Presidnet, as aforesaid, had been murdered by the said John Wilkes Booth, as aforesaid.

And the commission does, therefore, sentence him, the ssaid Edward Spangler, to be confined at hard labor for the paried of six years, at such penitentiary as the President of the United States shall designate.

7. In the case of Samuel Arnold, the commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specificastion, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

And the commission does, therfore, sentence him, the sasid Samuel Arnold, to be imprisoned at hard labor for life, at such penitentiary as the President of the United Sstates shall designate.

8. In the case of Samuel A. Mudd, the commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused as follows:

Of the specification, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty; and except receiving, entertaining, harboring, and concealing Lewis Payne, John H. surratt, Michael O'Laughlin, George A. Atzerodt, Mary E. surratt, and Samuel Arnold; of this, not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty, except combining, confederating, and conspiring with Edward Spangler; of this, not guilty.

And the commission does, therefore, sentence him the ssaid Samuel A. Mudd, to be imprisoned at hard labor for life, at such penitentiary as the President of the United States shall designate.

II. The proceeding, findings, and sentences in the foregoing cases having ben submitted to the President of the United States, the following are his orders:

EXECUTIVE MANSION, July 5, 1865.

The foregoing sentences in the cases of David E. Herold, George A. Atzerodt, Lewir Payne, Michael O'Laughlin, Edward Spangler, Samuel Arnold, Mary E. Sur-

