
dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, September 17, 1864; Special Orders, Numbers 132, paragraphs 2 and 3, dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, September 22, 1864; Special Orders, Numbers 153, paragraphs 3 and 5, dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, October 18, 1864; Special Orders, Numbers 154, paragraphs 2 and 5, dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, October 19, 1864; Special Orders, Numbers 161, paragraph 1, dated headquarters District of Indiana, Indianapolis, October 29, 1864, and of which Bvt. Brigadier General Silas Colgrove, U. S. Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried:

First. Andrew Humphreys,citizen of the State of Indiana, United States of America.

CHARGE I: Conspiracy against the Government of the United States.

Specification 1.- In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, did, among themselves and with Harrison H. Dodd, of Indiana; Joshua F. Bullitt, of Kentucky; J. A. Barrett, of Missouri, and others, conspire against the Government and duly constituted authorities of the United States, and did join themselves to, and secretly organize and disseminate, a secret, unlawful society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, having both a civil and military organization and jurisdiction, for the purpose of overthrowing the Government and duly constituted authorities of the United States. This, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly, threatened to be invaded by the enemy. This, on or about the 16th day of May, 1864.

Specifications 2.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, during an existing rebellion against the Government and authorities of the United States, said rebellion claiming to be in name of, and on behalf of, certain States, being a part of and owing allegiance to the United States, did combine and agree, with one Harrison H. Dodd, of Indiana; Joshua F. Bullitt, of Kentucky; J. A. Barrett of Missouri, and others, to adopt and impart to others the creed or ritual of a secret, unlawful society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, denying the authority of the United States to coerce to submission certain rebellious citizens of said United States, designing thereby to lessen the power and prevent the increased of the armies of the United States, and thereby did recognize and sustain the right of the citizens and States, then in rebellion, to disregard and resist the authority of the United States. This, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near the city of Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, which had been, and was threatened to be,invaded by the enemy. This, on or about the 22nd day of February, 1864.

Specification 3.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, citizens of the State of Indiana, owing true faith and allegiance to the Government of the United States, and, while pretending to be peaceable, loyal citizens of the Government,did secretly, covertly, combine, agree, and conspire among themselves, and with one Harrison H. Dodd, of Indiana; Joshua F. Bullitt, of Kentucky; J. A. Barrett, of Missouri, and others to overthrow and render powerless the Government of the United States, and did, in pursuance of said combination, agreement, and conspiracy, form and organize a certain unlawful secret society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of Sons of Liberty, whose intent and purpose was to cripple and render powerless the efforts of the Government of the United States in suppressing a then existing formidable rebellion against said Government. This, on or about the 1st day of October, 1863, at a period of war and armed rebellion, at or near the city of Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, which had been, and was constantly, threatened to be invaded by the enemy.

Specification 4.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, did conspire and agree with Harrison H. Dodd, David T. Yagel, John C. Walker, and Joshua Bullitt, and others-these men at that time holding military positions and ranks in a certain secret unlawful society or organization, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty-to seize by force the United States and State arsenals at Indianapolis, Ind., Columbus, Ohio, and Springfield, Ill., to release by force the

