
ratt, and Samuel A. Mudd are hereby approved, and it is ordered that the sentences in the cases of David E. Herold, G. A. Atzerodt, Lewis Payne, and Mary E. Surratt be carried into execution by the proper military authority, under the direction of the Secretary of War, on the 7th day of July, 1865, between the hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 2 o'clock p. m. of that day. It is furhter ordered that the prisoners, Samuel Arnold, Sasmuel A. Mudd, Edward Spangler, and Michael O'Laughlin, be confined at hard labor in the penitentiary at Albany, N. Y., during the period designated in their respective sentences.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President.

III. Major General W. S. Hancock, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Middle Military Divison, is commanded to cause the foregoing sentences in the cases of David E. Herold, G. A. Atzerodt, Lewis Payne, and Mary E. Surratt to be duly executed in accordance with the President's order.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, July 15, 1865.

IV. The Executive Order, dated July 5, 1865, approving the sentences in the cases of Samuel Arnold, Samuel A. Mudd, Edward Spangler, and Michael O'Laughlin is hereby modified so as to direct hard labor in the military prison at Dry Tortugas, Fla., during the period designated in their respective sesntences. The Adjutant-General of the Army is directed to issue orders for the said prisoners to be transported to the Dry Tortugas, and to be confined there accordingly.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President.

V. Major General W. S. Hancock, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Middle Military Divison, is commanded to send the prisoners Samuel Arnold, charge of a commissioned officer, with a sufficient guard, to the Dry Tortugas, Fla., where they will be delivered to the commanding officer of the post, who is hereby ordered to confine the said Arnold, Mudd, Spangler, and O'Laughlin at hard labor during the periods designated in their respective sentences.

VI. The military commission of which Major General David Hunter is president is hereby dissolved.*

By command of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, except a few sic who have been transferred to the post hospitals, all prisoners of war have been released from the following named military prisons, viz: Point

---------------

*By authority of the Secretary of War the record of this commission was edited by Benn Pitman, recorder to the commission, and published by Moore, Wilstach &amp; Baldwin, Cincinnati, 1865, under the title "The Assassination of President Lincoln and the Trial of the Conspirators."

---------------

