
a prompt recovery, contrasted with the general hospital now in use, which is without any cheerful surroundings, no adornment, and in a position of no beauty or taste. I would recommend abandonment of buildings now in use as general hospital and transfer of sick to hospital in prison camp as a sanitary measure and greatly for the benefit of the service. Added to this, the sick would be in charge of a regularly commissioned surgeon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. W. STANHOPE,

Bvt. Major, U. S. Army, Captain, Twelfth Infty., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The remarks of the inspector as regards the general hospital are extra-official, as said hospital is not under my command, but the facts are as stated.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

J. R. LEWIS,

Colonel First Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Depot.

JACKSONVILLE, FLA., July 11, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: The inclosed letter* from Mr. D. L. Yulee, now a prisoner at Fort Pulaski, Ga., was received yesterday. I have to request that it and my remarks may be filed with Mr. Yulle's petition until such time as Your Excellency may be able to act on said petition. I have questioned quite a number of citizens, some loyal and others lately active among the rebels, and all agree that Mr. Yulee has lived quietly at his home during the late struggle and refused all offers of office under the so-called Confederate authorities. I conversed with Mr. Yulee previous to his arrest and since, and have inquired of others concerning him, and I infer from his conversation, as well as from the testimony of others, that he belonged to the peaceable secession party, and was bitterly opposed to any resort to arms, desiring to have the question of secession settled either by the courts or by a general convention to amend the Constitution. Mr. Yulle informed me previous to his arrest that as soon as he was satisfied that the Government intended to carry out President Lincoln's emancipation proclamation he intended to call his slaves together and notify them that they were free, and that he would make arrangements with them for cultivating the growing crops. I am also informed that he advised his friends to pursue a similar course. They have generally done so, and comparative quiet and industry prevail throught the limits of my command. From my conversations with Mr. Yulee I should infer that he was not opposed to the adoption by the State of the constitutional amendment abolishing slavery and of a resolution disowning the right of secession. Should Your Excellency see proper to extend Executive clemency to Mr. Yulee I think you will have no reason to regret having done so, and that you will find in him a peaceable and law-abiding citizen.

I am, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See Yulee to Johnson, June 24, p. 668.

---------------

