
written report in which I may make some recommendations for orders. He reports, however, verbally, that at each of the prisoners there is considerable property which has been purchased out of prison funds and a large amount of funds on hand at each place. There is now no longer any use for this property or money for the purposes for which it was obtained. It clearly belongs to Government. I would therefore recommend that an order be made requiring officers at all prisons which have been emptied to sell all property that has been purchased out of prison funds, and at all other prisons to do the same thing as fast as they are cleared of prisoners, and to turn the money over to the proper authorities.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., July 13, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 343, Adjutant-General's Office, War Department, June 20, 1865, and telegraph of July 3, signed by the lieutenant-general, I made an inspection of the prison at Alton, Ill., on the 3rd of July. Found no inmates, all having been discharged or transferred to Jefferson City and Saint Louis, Mo., by order of General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri. I found a guard of five companies of the One hundred and forty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry. The old Alton penitentiary and the temporary barracks and hospitals are all tha require guarding. Colonel Kuhn, commanding the One hundred and forty-fourth Volunteers (Illinois), informed me on the 4th of July that he had received orders to proceed to Springfield, Ill., with his regiment to be mustered out, a company having been sent from Saint Louis to do the necessary guard duty. I examined such of the records as remained at Alton and found them in apparent good order, but could not verify them, as the prisoners had all been removed. The prison fund on hand amounts to near $35,000. I would recommend the breaking up of this post at once, the prison to be turned over to its owners, the public property to be sold or transferred to other depots.

I inspected the military prison at Rock Island on the 6th of July. This prison is also empty. It is guarded by seven companies of Veteran Reserve Corps. Six companies were under orders to proceed to Springfield, Ill. The prisoners here were exchanged, or released on taking the oath of allegiance. The grounds, barracks, hospitals, and records all show great care and attention on the part of the commanding officer, Colonel Johnson. The prison fund here amounts to $174,068,15. As this island is to be the place of deposit of a large amount of ammunition I would recommend the preservation of the buildings. The locality has the appearance of being very healthy, and would, in my opinion, be a fine location for a general hospital, if the establishment of such should again become necessary.

I inspected the prison at Indianapolis on the 10th of July and found eight prisoners-one citizen and seven prisoners of war. Citizen William E. Munford, supposed to be a lietenant in the C. S. Army, held as a spy, was arrested with one Major J. B. Castleman on same charge. Castleman has been released on condition that he would leave

