
the country not to return. I would recommend Munford to be released on taking the oath of allegiance or required to leave the country. The seven turned over as prisoners of war are held as deserters from our own Army. I submit herewith a statement* furnished by the commanding officer of the prison. I would recommend their discharge on taking the oath of allegiance, as their trial would be attended with many difficulties and great expense, and they can do no harm if released. The prison grounds, barracks, and particularly the hospital, show great care on the part of the commanding officer, Brevet Brigadier-General Stevens, Veteran Reserve Corps. The prison fund amounts to about $100,000. These prisoners released or transferred, the major-general commanding the district, Major-General Hovey, informs me that he can dispense with all but one camp at this place, which will reduce his necessary guards very much. I would recommend the immediate sale of all but one of these camps. I also found some forty of the Veteran Reserve Corps prisoners in the guard-house, quilty of mutiny. The major-general commanding says their guilt is clear and recommends their dishonorable discharge without pay as an economical and judicious disposition. I am of the opinion that nearly every temporary barrack and appendange throughout the country might be sold at once and the necessary expense of guarding be dispensed with. The discharged troops detained temporarity at specified reindezvous for payment might be supplied with wall and A tents, which would require but small guards, the tents to be kept stored whenever not occupied.

Respectfully submitted.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 168. July 13, 1865.

* * * * *

6. I. Under instructions from the Headquarters of the Army Point Lookout, Md., is discontinued as a garrisoned post.

All general and general staff officers there serving will, under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 106, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, of June 2, 1865, proceed to their respective homes, and thence report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

II. The commanding officer Twenty-fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops will detail a strong company of his regiment, commanded by a reliable officer, to take charge of, until further orders, the public property at that post. With the remainder of his regiment he will report for duty with as little delay as practicable to Major-General Terry, commanding Department of Virginia, at Richmond.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the required transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

45 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII.

