
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 28, 1865.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Department of the East, New York City:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that General W. N. R. Beall, of the late rebel Army, now on parole in New York, be released on the same terms as other rebel general officers, viz: First, that he take the oath of allegiance to the United States; second, that he give his parole to be of good behavior and commit no act of hostility against the United States.

Will you please give to necessary orders for his release on the above conditions. The form of parole used in such cases is herewith inclosed, one copy with copy of oath of allegiance to be forwarded to this office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WINNSBOROUGH, S. C., July 29, 1865.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

MY DEAR SIR: Being impressed with the liberality of your sentiments, I take the liberty of making an application to you in behalf of Mr. S. R. Mallory, formerly associated with you in the U. S. Senate. Mallory was forced into the secession vortex. I know the fact that at Montgomery he was one of the very few who avowed a willingness to go back into the Union on the basis of a satisfactory compromise. He lost popularity in Florida at the beginning of secession because he aided to prevent an attack on Fort Pickens. Since the break down of the Richmond Government he was very anxious to go home and be a good and loyal citizen. I am perfectly satisfied he is anxious to go home and act as you would desire-in the interest of peace, harmony, and fraternity. Permit me, therefore, to invoke your kind offices in his behalf.

Whilst writing to you I would add that public affairs are progressing as favorably as could be expected. The appointment of Perry as Governor gives great satisfaction. Up to the act of secession I think Governor Perry was the outspoken friend of the Union, and deserves more credit in this regard than any man of public station in the State. But while I concede all this to Governor Perry, I must file notice of appellant in my own case. I claim to have done more to prepare the public mind for peace (which, of course, meant reunion) by my letter in 1864 to Mr. Davis than any man at the South. In the violent denunciations which this letter brought upon me I stood almost alone, so far as the public men were concerned, in this State. I did not have the satisfaction of hearing a word of approval from even Governor Perry at that time, though it would have been extremely agreeable to me. Governor Perry at that time held an appointment under Mr. Davis (commissioner of impressments), while I was in constant opposition to Mr. Davis, whom I looked upon as but little less than a madman. I was always devotedly attached to the Union, considered slavery a temporary institution, and considered a convulsion in this country as one of the greatest misfortunes that could happen to humanity. In yielding to the secession movement in 1860 I expected to effect a compromise. The basis of my compromise was the abandonment of slavery in the Territories and guarantee against Congressional action in the States. The great mistake I made was that I thought the people out of South

