
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Numbers 3. Cumberland, Md., August 8, 1865.

The following order is promulgated for the information of all concerned:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 6. Baltimore, August 2, 1865.

Paroled prisoners of the late rebel armies who have been pardoned by the President of the United States will, upon arriving within the limits of this department, report their presence and their residence immediately to the nearest provost-marshal and register their names. If non-residents of this department, and not allowed by the terms of their parole to enter the department, the especial authority must be shown and filed under which they are found therein, and that authority to be valid must be from an officer having power in the premises. To allow persons of the latter class to remain within the limits of this department, requires the sunction of the department commander or of higher authority; that of another department commander is not sufficient.

The commanding officer of a district may authorize persons still under parole to leave their homes and visit points within the limits of that district, but to visit other districts requires additional permission of the commanding officer of the district to which the person desires to go, or of higher authority.

No person, however, of the class named will be allowed to visit the city of Baltimore without permission from these headquarters, or higher authority. All persons availing themselves of the provisions of the foregoing order will be promptly reported by subordinate provost-marshals to Lieutenant Colonel John Woolley, provost-marshal-general noticed.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

ADAM E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

To carry out the provisions of this order it is directed that all paroled prisoners within the limits of this district will report at once to the nearest provost-marshal and register their names and places of residence, and receive respectively from him a certificate of such registration. The provost-marshals of sub-districts will at the end of each month forward to Major H. A. Myers, provost-marshal of the district, at these headquarters, lists showing names and residence of those who have report and registered under this order.

Applications from paroled prisoners for passes to leave their homes and visit other points within the District of West Virginia will be forwarded to these headquarters for the approval or action of the general commanding.

By order of Brevet Major-General Emory:

TH. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Washington, D. C., August 10, 1865.

Chief Justice CHASE, Providence, R. I.:

I would be pleased to have a conference with you in reference to the time, place, and manner of trial of Jefferson Davis at your earliest convenience.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., August 11, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report Davis and Mitchel as being well. Clay is somewhat better to-day than yesterday, he having slept

