
state prisoners, including the eight I now have, reasonably comfortable. Mr. Mallory, late rebel Secretary of the Navy, according to my orders, I now keep separate from the other prosoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,August 20, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the prisoner Davis as being unwell. He has a carbuncle on his right leg, and there are indications of his having erysipelas in the face. Yesterday he walked between 6 and 7 o'clock p. m., and appeared to be as well usual. This morning was the first he complained. I informed him this morning he could write to this wife on family matters only, but that the letter would be submitted to the Attorney-General for inspection. He made the remark that the supposed it would not take them long to decide the law matters which the letter to his wife might contain. Clay and Mitchel are well this morning. I think Mitchel will require exercise in the open air, as, like the other prisoners, he has a delicate constitution.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER,

MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,

August 20, 1865.

Brevet-Major-General MILES,

Commanding Military District of Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that upon visiting Mr. Davis this a. m. I found him suffering with erysipelas of the face-not threatening in its character, but accompanied with the extreme prostration generally attending that disease. He has also a small carbuncle on his left thigh, and his general condition denotes a low state of the vital forces. He has everything necessary for his physical comfort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. CRAVEN,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Volunteers,

Chief Medical Officer, Military District of Fort Monroe.

[AUGUST 20, 1865.-For correspondence relating to Sheridan's proposed arrest of Confederate officers and men charged with violating the terms of surrender between Canby and Smith by leaving the United States and entering Mexico, see Series I, Vol. XLVIII, Part II, pp. 1195, 1196.]

---------------

* From August 21 to 28 reports show Davis to be showly recovering from effects of the carbuncle. Erysipelas was disappering August 23. On the 29th he took outdoor exercise.

---------------

