
would be. Of the names we find on the record undoubtedly many are dead, and in such cases few, if any, claimants will appear, which will, of course, reduce the amount to be paid.

Of the bills on State banks in my hands, full one-third is of no value whatever, being on broken banks, shinplasters, &amp;c. Of the remaining two-thirds, full one-half is on Southern banks, none of which are north to exceed 25 cents on the dollar, and much of it entirely worthless. This, however, does not affect the general result, as the prisoners from whom State money was taken are generally specified on the record. I will communicate further with you on this subject in a few days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Agent for Exchange.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., August 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. E. MULFORD, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: On the receipt of your communication of the 2nd instant I explained your views as presented in that letter to the Secretary of War, who, I am happy to say, expressed decided approbation of them, and indicated his purpose of executing the plan you propose by the exercise of his own power, if found sufficient, but if not, he will ask the aid of Congress.

The Secretary directs that you obtain all the information in your power in order to do that justice contemplated in the plan to those prisoners of war who were robbed and plundered by officials in the South. To this end it will be necessary to prepare a list of such prisoners of war as it shall appear upon evidence lost money or other valuables through the agency of such officials, taking due notice of any amounts of money or property which may appear to have been restored to the rightful owners.

As soon as the claims can be verified measures will be taken to enable the proper claimants or their representatives to obtain the justice contemplated in the plan you propose. You are requested to report on this subject for the information of the Secretary of War at as early a day as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT PULASKI, GA., August 21, 1865.

Major WILLIAM C. MANNING, Commanding Fort Pulaski:

MAJOR: The undersigned prisoners of state, confined at this post under orders of the U. S. authorities, give this their parole of honor not to attempt, under any circumstances, to leave the post without permission from said authorities.

It is understood that in consideration of this parole we are to enjoy the liberty of the island-with the exception of the wharves when boats or vessles are there-during daylight, and the liberty of the main works at all hours; that we are not to forward or receive mail or express matter-other than proper mess supplies-without it has previously been submitted to the commanding officer at the post for inspection.

