
Any infringement of the preceding-or such additional regulations as may from time to time be established-by any one of the subsecribers, to forfeit the privileges of all.

This parole to continue in force during our confinement at this post.

A. K. ALLISON.

CHAS. CLARK.

D. L. YULEE.

G. A. TRENHOLM.

A. G. MAGRATH.

JAMES A. SEDDON.

R. M. T. HUNTER.

J. A. CAMPBELL.

GENERAL WAR DEPARTMENT,

COURT-MARTIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 452. Washington, August 22, 1865.

I. Before a military commission which convened at Cincinnati, Ohio, January 11, 1865, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 278, dated December 29, 1864; Numbers 4, dated January 5, 1865, and Numbers 8, dated January 10, 1865, headquarters Northern Department, Cincinnati, Ohio, and of which Colonel Charles D. Murray, Eighty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried-

G. St. Leger Grenfel and others, citizens.

CHARGE I: Conspiring, in violation of the laws of war, to release the rebel prisoners of war confined by authority of the United States at Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill.

Specification.-In this, that they, the said Charles Walsh, Buckner S. Morris, Vincent Marmaduke, R. T. Semmes, Charles Travis Daniel, George E. Cantril, G. St. Leger Grenfel, and Benjamin M. Anderson, did unlawfully and secretly conspire and agree among themselves, and with one Captain Hines, so called, alias Doctor Hunter, of the Confederate Army, and others, in violation of the laws of war, to release the rebel prisoners of war then confined by authority of the United States at Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill., numbering between 8,000 and 9,000 persons, by suddenly attacking said camp on or about the evening of the 8th of November, anno Domini 1864, with a large number of armed men, overpowering the guard and forces then and the stationed and on duty, seizing the cannon and arms in the possession of said guard and forces for the purpose of guarding and defending said camp, forcibly opening the gates of said prison camp and removing all obstructions to the successful escape of said prisoners confined within its limits. This, at or near Chicago, in the State of Illinois, within the military lines and the theater of military operations of the Army of the United States, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, and on or about the 1st day of November, anno Domini, 1864.

CHARGE II: Conspiring, in violation of the laws of war, to lay waste and destroy the city of Chicago, Ill.

Specification.-In this, that they, the said Charles Walsh, Buckner S. Morris, Vincent Marmaduke, R. T. Semmes, Charles Travis Daniel, George E. Cantril, G. St. Leger Grenfel, and Benjamin M. Anderson, did unlawfully and secretly conspire and agree among themselves, and with one Captain Hines, so called, alias Doctor Hunter, of the Confederate Army, and others, in violation of the laws of war, to lay waste and destroy, on or about the evening of the 8th of November, anno Domini 1864, the city of Chicago, Ill., by capturing the arsenal in said city, cutting the telegraph wires, burning the railroad depots, taking forcible possession of the banks and public buildings, and leaving the city to be sacked, pillaged, and burned by the rebel prisoners of war confined at Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill., which prisoners were to be furcibly released by them on or about the date above mentioned. This, at or near Chicago, in the State of Illinois, within the military lines and the theater of military operations of the Army of the United States, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, and on or about the 1st of November, anno Domini 1864.

To which charges and specifications the accused, G. St. Leger Grenfel, citizen, pleaded not guilty.

