
FINDING.

The commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused, G. St. Leger Grenfel, citizen, as follows:

Charge I.

Of the specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

Charge II.

Of the specification, guilty.

Of the charge, quilty.

SENTENCE.

And the commission does, therefore, sentence him, G. St. Leger Grenfel, citizen, to be hung by the neck until he is dead, at such time and place as the commanding general may direct, two-thirds of the members concurring therein.

II. The proceedings of the commission in the above case were forwarded by the reviewing officer, Major General Joseph Hooker, for the action of the President of the United States. The following are his orders:

EXECUTIVE MANSION, July 22, 1865.

The proceedings and findings in the case of G. St. Leger Grenfel are hereby approved, but, in consideration of the recommendation of members of the court, and of the successful progress of the Government in suppressing the rebellion, and in accordance with the suggestion of the Judge-Advocate-General, the sentence is hereby commuted to imprisonment for life, at hard labor, at the Dry Tortugas, or such other place as the Secretary of War may designate.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President.

III. Major General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Ohio, is ordered to send the prisoner G. St. Leger Grenfel, under charge of a commissioned officer, with a sufficient guard, to the Dry Tortugas, Fla., designated as the place of imprisonment, where he will be delivered to the commanding officer of the post, who is hereby ordered to confine said Grenfel at hard labor during the period designated in his sentence as commuted.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 23, 1865.

Major General N. A. MILES, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District, &amp;c., Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: The Secretary of War desires to know, in the event that the President should assent to the departure of Mitchel from the country, as proposed in your communication of the 11th instant, from what point he would desire to embark and where he would go.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

