
that they will be held to a strict accountability for any future breach of the same.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, August 28, 1865.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have received yours of the 25th instant and much regret making the communication referred to without naming the individual. The person referred to is Stephen R. Mallory, late Secretary of the Navy of the so-called Confederate States, who, if it should please the Government, I would like paroled. He has written to me a letter describing the probable location of the pirate Shenandoah in the Pacific seas, which I transmitted to the War Department, and if paroled I think it is his policy, as well as his interest, and I believe his disposition, to eradicate as far as possible from his mind all recollections of his unfortunate connection with the rebel Richmond Government. If paroled I would recommend that the parole be comprehensive, plain, and not too laconic. Perhaps something like the inclosed might not be very much out of the way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

I, Stephen R. Mallory, do hereby give my parole of honor that I will to the best of my ability conform to all laws enacted by the Government; that I will not in private interviews or public communications vindicate any acts or measures of the so-called late Confederate Government, and that I will in no instance assert or asseverate the right of any State to secede from the Union, or countenance the right of nullification.

DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Raleigh, N. C., August 28, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that after the most diligent search we are compelled to return to the War Department and other sources from whence they come many of the papers inquiring for lost soldiers without being able to give any satisfactory information concerning them. These inquires refer mostly to prisoners that were supposed to be confined at Andersonville, Ga., Florence, S. C., Salisbury, N. C., many of whom were exchanged and received at Wilmington, N. C., in March last. A large number intended for exchange died and were duried en route to the point of exchange. A still larger number died after the exchange rolls had been made out and before the prisoners were removed from camp or hospital, and of whom no record has been made either by the medical officers in charge of camps

