
In conclusion, I am happy to state that every facility was rendered me in the performance of my duty by Colonel Ould and Major Turner.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. T. HUTCHINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel First New Hampshire Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, January 14, 1865.

Major H. A. ALLEN, Commanding Fort Warren:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending Saturday, January 14, 1865:

Conduct--orderly. Cleanliness--satisfactory. Clothing--in as good condition as the limited allowance will permit. Bedding--in good order. State of quarters--good. State of mess-houses--clean and well conducted. State of kitchen--clean and well conducted. Food, quality of--good. Food, quantity of--the full allowance. Water--good. Sinks--in good order. Police of grounds--once every day. Drainage--excellent. Police of hospital--no special hospital for prisoners. Attendance of sick--regular. Hospital diet--good. General health of prisoners--good. Vigilance of guard--satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WOODMAN,

Lieutenant, First Batt. Mass. Vol. Arty., and Inspecting Officer.

[JANUARY 14, 1865.--For Dana to Christensen, relative to exchange of prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 519. For inclosures therein referred to, but not printed, see Forrest to Dana, January 6, 1865, p. 31, ante; Forrest to Rousseau and Rousseau to Forrest, December 16, 1864, Vol. VII, of this series, p. 1233.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 14, 1865.

General D. H. MAURY, Mobile, Ala.:

General U. S. Grant notifies Colonel Robert Ould that vessel has been waiting in Mobile Bay for a long time to receive cotton to supply our prisoners; that General E. R. S. Canby has notified you, and cotton has not been furnished. Send the cotton and report cause of delay.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, January 15, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Judge Ould, Confederate agent of exchange, in an interview with Colonel Mulford yesterday, requested that General Vance should be paroled as General Beall's assistant. Please have Vance so paroled.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

