
or hospitals or otherwise military authorities. The above information I had from Confederate officers whom I met at Northeast River, point of exchange, in March last, at the time we received the returned prisoners. We were seven days receiving between 8,000 and 9,000. Some were brought in dead; many others so enfeebled in body and mind as to be unable to give any account of themselves, and about whom it was impossible to learn, in many instances, even the name of the individual. Some who could give their names were unable to give correctly their company or regiment. None of those really sick had any records to aid us in our efforts to obtain a clue to their command. There are now in Wilmington Cemetery 106 graves marked unknown. At Northeast River twenty-one were buried who were taken from the cars dead, and about whom I could obtain no record. It is more than probable, that many of those inquired for lie in graves marked unknown, and are buried along the route from Salisbury to Wilmington. I am using all efforts to collect back reports and records that have any bearing upon this matter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. S. BARNES,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Acting Medical Director.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Accomac Court-House, Va., August 30, 1865.

Major N. CHURCH, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I know not what charges have been preferred against me, causing my arrest, but, as I was paroled under Generals Sherman's and Johnston's terms of agreement, came home, took the required oath of allegiance to the United States, and am confident that no conduct of mine since has rendered me liable to any charges, I must conclude that my connection with the prison at Andersonville, Ga., is the reason of my arrest. When I came to Virginia and found so much prejudice against the officers who had been stationed at Andersonville, Ga., I determined to quit the country, but domestic troubles of the severest nature caused me at once to hurry and see after two little helpless and penniless children. After arriving here I determined to make my home in this country, and have been making arrangements with a fiend of mine to go into business with me in Baltimore. I merely mention these facts to let you know that it is my fixed purpose to make my home in this country and become, of course, a law-abiding and loyal citizen. If there are charges against me of maltreatment of prisoners, I scorn the imputation and am desirous of meeting them and will meet them fearlessly and with a clear conscience. But, owing to extreme domestic troubles which require my whole attention at this time, I most respectfully ask that either an investigation of the matter be given me at once or that I be paroled, giving my word of honor (or, if you should prefer it, security) for my appearance at any time I may be called for, or that I be allowed to remain in custody on the Eastern Shore with sufficient privileges to enable me to attend to my business.

In regard to my connection with the Andersonville Prison, the first was ever connected with, I will succinctly state: In the latter part of December, 1863, I was ordered to Andersonville, Ga., to build a prison stockade (that point having been decided upon as a suitable site) capable of holding 6,000 prisoners. At my suggestion the order was charged to increase it to a size sufficient to hold 10,000. My reasons for

