
went on duty with Captain Varnadoe. The four who were with me at my quarters drew their rations with mine, one of them always superintending the receiving of them. After this several teamsters and others made similar petitions, and one or two nolens volens ran off from Andersonville, caught up with the wagon train, and came on to Millen. These men were never punished for this, and were put on duty with Captain Varnadoe, and I take occasion here to remark that for any act of kindness that I ever showed a prisoner while I was connected with the prison department, upon my honor I was never paid or received anything whatever, and not one can be found who can say such a thing about me, except in some little act of kindness to me afterward-one of them, for instance, at his own request, covered a saddle beautifully for me, another made me some shoes and boots. These are the only returns that I now recollect ever to have received from the, and for these acts of kindness to me, knowing their necessities, I paid them afterward.

When General Sherman made his march through Georgia, the prisoners were necessarily squandered in every direction. At that time I was ordered to take charge of the prison wagon train and save it from the enemy. I had with me, to the best of my recollection, some twenty odd prisoners as teamsters, ambulance drivers, &amp;c., and only five of our own men, including two wagon-masters, and no arms, except private arms. We were within a few miles of the fighting, and so close that I lost much baggage that was stored in a house close by. Two of these prisoners that morning (not knowing the proximity of the enemy) I had given permission to go fishing, and we had to decamp so suddenly that I could not wait for them-in fact, supposed they had gone to their own men-and was very uneasy lest they should give information of the whereabouts of my train, and made on that account a very long march; yet soon after we encamped at night on the banks of the Savannah River these two men came up, each one toting a bag of sweet potatoes. Not one of these prisoners deserted me. They all said, as I was told, that I had treated them so well and so kindly that they felt in honor bound to respect their paroles. The next morning we commenced crossing the Savannah River and encamped in Barnwell District, S. C. We remained in camp for some time, when I received an order to send a portion of the wagon train to Columbia, S. C., a portion of it to Augusta, Ga., and to hold the balance subject to orders. A portion of the prisoners remained with me; the balance went to Columbia. I remained there in camp some six weeks; sent to Augusta; got some powder and shot, and, as game was very plentiful, frequently allowed several of these prisoners my double-barreled shotgun and a small rifle to go off on horseback and amuse themselves in their own way. I was then ordered to Columbia, S. C., and immdiately assigned to duty as chief quartermaster of all prisoners east of the Mississippi River. This was some time in January, 1865. Soon after this a general exchange of prisoners took place. Columbia was evacuated and I was ordered to Salisbury, N. C. I had been there but a short time when I was relieved of duty with the prison department and ordered to report in Richmond, and was there awaiting orders to Texas. At this time, however, General Daniel Ruggles was assigned to duty as Commissary-General of Prisoners, and at his earnest solicitation I was temporarily assigned to duty with him as his chief quartermaster, in order to furnish him with such information as he might need in regard to my department. General Ruggles and myself left Richmond the night of the evacuation. As soon as we got Danville he ordered me to Augusta,

