
Ga., at which place I was paroled, and thus ended my connection with the prison department.

I beg leave to add that I have the receipt of the assistant agent of exchange, Captain Hatch, for all moneys in my hands belonging to prisoners of war; Captain Wirz's receipt for their watches which were in my possession (General Winder after his arrival at Andersonville ordered all prisoners' watches returned, and, if my memory serves me rightly, no sum of money under $100 was taken from them). I have also Lieutenant Davis' receipt for all prisoners' clothing, &amp;c., sent to Andersonville and issued by Lieutenant Davis during Captain Wirz's extreme illness there. The boxes sent to prisoners I never had anything to do with. They were always turned over to commandants of prisoners.

I have, sir, to apologize for the length of this communication, but I could not well say less in my defense and do myself justice. I have no friend that I know of who has any influence with the Government, and must rely unpon the merit of my own case. To the truth of these statements I pledge my honor as a man, which is all that is left me, and would offer you the most satisfactory and indisputable evidence. I would offer you also any reference as to my character and standing as a man. Hoping that my country in unwilling to inflict any act of injustice upon me, and believing you incapable of such a think, I place myself in your hands, earnestly entreating, however, that it any other charges which I have not met in this communication have been brought against me, I be informed of them, and I will promise you a straightforward, mantly reply. It is extremely humiliating to be held in prison in manacles, but much more so to be held up to your countrymen as a demon, accused of charges of which you are not guitly. Pardon the liberty I have taken in thus addressing you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER.

N. B.-Since writing the above communication a hurried testimonial* as to my character and standing as a man has been handed me, which I have the honor to inclose. It contains the name of nearly every citizen of the town near which I have for the last ten years, before the war, resided, and also all my near neighbors.

R. B. W.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 2, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Judge-Advocate-General.

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE,

September 6, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel N. P. Chipman, judge-advocate, military commission, for his consideration, in connection with such testimony as may be evolved upon the trial of Wirz, in regard to the within-named Richard B. Winder.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

---------------

* See sub-inclosure Numbers 2 to letter of William Linn Brown to Stanton, November 14, 1865, p. 798.

---------------

