HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,September 2, 1865.

[General E. D. TOWNSEND:]

GENERAL; I have the honor to report the prisoners Clay and Mitchel well to-day. Inclosed I send report of Doctor Craven upon the health of Mr. Davis. I have noticed lately on entering the cells a disagreeable smell, which the officers attribute to dampness. As the nights become colder I think the cells will become unhealthy, particularly to persons troubled with asthma like the prisoners. I would recommend that Davis be removed from the casemate to one of the buildings in the fact, where he can be as safely confined and his health improved.

I remain, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER,

Fort Monroe, Va., September [--, 1865].

Bvt. Major General N. A. MILES,

Commanding Military District of Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I was called to see prisoner Davis on the 24th of May last. I found him very feeble; prematurely old-all the evidence of an iron will, but extremely reduced in physical structure. As he continued to fail, changes were suggested in his prison life and kindly granted; his food was changed from prison fare to a liberal diet, the guards were removed from his room, he was permitted to walk in the open air and to have miscellaneous reading; indeed, everything was done for him to render him comfortable as a prisoner. Within the last week I have noticed a great change in the prisoner; he has become despondent and full-a very unnatual condition for him. He is evidently breaking down. Save a small patch of erysipelas upon his face and a boil upon one of his limbs, no pointed disease but general prostration. I am of opinion that it may be in a measure attributed to the dampness of his room, for I have noticed lately a great change in the atmosphere of the casemates. I would respectfully recommend that he be removed from the room he now occupies to some other apartment. I have no other suggestions to make as to his treatment. He has the best of food and stimulants.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. CRAVEN,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel and Surgeon, U. S. Vols.,

Chief Medical Officer, Military District of Fort Monroe, Va.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 4, 1865.

Major-General MILES, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Yours of 2nd with Doctor Craven's report received. The President directs you to immediately prepare other quarters for Davis and report when finished, describing arrangements, then await further orders before moving the prisoner. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

