
FORT MONROE, September 4, 1865-7 p. m.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram in regard to Jeff. Davis is received and will be acted upon at once.

N. A. MILES,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 5, 1865.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT, Washington:

General Miles orders us to vacate our old office inside the fort, as he wants it for Davis' new quarters. He orders us to commence moving immediately.

GEORGE D. SHELDON,

Manager.

WEST POINT, N. Y., September 5, 1865-8.30 p. m.

General MILES, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

You will please countermand your order for the removal of the telegraph office at Fortress Monroe and make no change or interference in respect to that office, which was established in its present position by this Department.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL WAR DEPARTMENT,

COURT-MARSHAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 505. Washington, September 6, 1865.

I. Before a military commission which convened at Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1863, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 321, dated headquarters Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn., November 30, 1863, and of which Colonel John F. Miller, Twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, is president, was arraigned and tried-

Frank B. Gurley, citizen.

CHARGE: Murder.

Specification.-In this, that the said Frank B. Gurley, not being lawfully in the service of the so-called Confederate States, but being banded together with certain other citizens for the purpose of killing, robbing, and polundering Federal soldiers and loyal citizens of the United States, did feloniously shoot with a revolving pistol and kill Brigadier General Robert L. McCook, an officer in the service of the United States, without any provocation whatever, and while the said Brigadier General Robert L. McCook was lying sick and helpless in an ambulance. All this in the vicinity of the town of New Market, Madison County, Ala., and on or about the 5th day of August, A. D. 1862. All this in time of war.

To which charge and specification the accused, Frank B. Gurley, pleaded not guilty.

FINDING.

The commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused, Frank B. Gurley, citizen, as follows:

Of the specification, guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

SENTENCE.

And the commission does therefore sentence him, Frank B. Gurley, citizen, to be hanged by the neck until he is dead, at such time and place as the general commanding may order, two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring in said sentence.

