
at Washington, D. C. I would respectfully ask what disposition I shall make of Mr. Garrison, watches, &amp;c., and original statement and receipts.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL GILMORE,

Captain, Thirty-ninth Illinois Infty. Vols., and Provost-Marshal.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Richmond, Va., September 14, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the major-general commanding for instructions.

I would respectfully suggest that the watches and property recovered be turned over to Bvt. Brigadier General John E. Mulford, assistant agent of exchange for the United States, who now has charge of money and property belonging to Federal prisoners of war. The only criminality that appears to attach to Garrison in this transaction is the fact that on receiving the property from Winder he did not promptly notify and turn it over to the U. S. military authorities.

ALBERT ORDWAY,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-fourth Mass. Vol. Infty., Pro. March General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Richmond, September 16, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Military Division of the Atlantic, with Colonel Ordway's recommendation as to the disposition of the watches approved and with a request for instructions as to the disposition to be made of Garrison. Captain Gilmore, the provost-marshal at Norfolk, who arrested Garrison and recovered the property, has received from Washington a dispatch signed "L. C. Baker, brigadier-general and provost-marshal," directing him to send the prisoner, his papers, and property to that place. I have directed Captain Gilmore not to comply with the order. If Brigadier-General Baker has been assigned to any duty which gives him power to issue orders to my subordinates I am not aware of it. I never have been furnished with any order placing him on such duty, and unless such a one has been issued I protest against this attempt to exercise such power.

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General, Commandig.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE ATLANTIC,Philadelphia, September 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

The recommendation of the department commander concurred in as far as relates to the disposition of the property, and attention invited to his remarks relating to the orders of Brigadier-General Baker.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

