
[Fourth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 29, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel N. P. Chipman, judge-advocate.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

MILITARY COMMISSION, October 25, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier General J. Holt.

Attention is called to the record in the Wirz trial and the finding of the court as to R. B. Winder.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel, &amp;c., Judge-Advocate.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., September 12, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state the surgeon reports the prisoner Davis to-day as having entirely recovered from his recent illness. Clay is somewhat better to-day than yesterday. Mitchel is well. Inclosed I forward a plan of building* in which a room is now ready for the reception of Davis, and to which he will be removed whenever the Department sees fit to order it. The room prepared for the confinement of Davis was until lately occupied by Captain Evans, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, as his quarters, and is a very pleasant and airy one on the second floor of Carroll Hall. It has three grated doors, one opening on the piazza, one into another room to be occupied by the guard, and one into the hall. It is a room in which the prisoner can be securely confined and sentinels posted as specified in the plan. I would respectfully recommend, if the prisoners are to be confined here for any length of time, that they be confined in some building instead of in the casemates, as I believe a long confinement it the casemates would result in permanent injury to the health of the prisoners.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTEMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 12, 1865-12.40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Newport, R. I.:

General Baker informs me this morning that he has information showing that Alexander H. Stephens sent a letter in November, 1863 [1864], to a Mrs. McVeigh, of Boston, in which he denounces the treatment of our prisoners at Andersonville. Also that Stephens claims that his written protests on the subject are on file in the rebel War Department, which show him guiltless of any participation in the matter.

THOS. T. ECKERT.

---------------

* Omitted here, being substantialy the same as Sketch B, p. 758.

---------------

