HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, January 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 15, 1865:

Conduct--very good. Cleanliness--generally very good. Clothing--good. Bedding--iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillows. State of quarters--very good. State of mess-houses--cleanly. State of kitchen--cleanly. Food, quality of--good. Food, quantity of--circular of June 1, 1864, complied with. Water--excellent (Croton). Sinks--cleanly. Police of grounds--excellent. Drainage--good. Police of hospital--no hospital at post; prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton. Attendance of sick--Hospital Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning. Hospital diet--none at post. General health of prisoners--very good. Vigilance of guard--guards vigilant; prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions.--There are fifty-eight prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette, consisting of prisoners of war and state. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent. Everything allowed by existing orders is furnished to them, and a good degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellence of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES STEELHAMMER,

First Lieutenant, Seventeenth U. S. Infty., Post Adjt. and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received, is strictly carried out and adhered to.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, January 15, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 15, 1865:

Conduct--good. Cleanliness--good. Clothing--good. Bedding--plenty of blankets, but little straw. State of quarters--fair. State of mess-houses--fair. State of kitchen--fair. Food, quality of--good. Food, quantity of--prison ration, except potatoes. Water--lake and good. Sinks--fair. Police of grounds--fair as weather will allow. Drainage--good. Police of hospital--excellent. Attendance of sick--good. Hospital diet--good, varied, and abundant. General health of prisoners--good. Vigilance of guard--good.

Remarks and suggestions.--Whole number of prisoners, 3,047; number sick in hospital, 43; number cases smallpox, 2; number deaths since last report, 2.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infantry and Inspecting Officer.

