
those prisons. He was an extremely profane man and very strict in the discharge of his duties, oftentimes severe toward prisoenrs. While I was at Andersonville attending to business with Geenral Winder I there heard of his inhumanity toward Federal prisoenrs, but saw none of it myself at thsiplace. I was inclined to the belief that he was spoken of in thsi connection more for the purpose of bolstering him as being a good officer than anything else. As well as I can recollect, I was at Camp Lawton Prison, near Millen, Ga., in September, 1864. While I was there orders were received to select a number of the sick prisoenrs ot be exchanged. i heard many of the sick complain that such of the prisoners, sick or not, who had money could have their names put upon the list for exchange, to the exclusion of the more afflicted who had not money to bribe the officers wiht that had the making of the selectins for exchanged and living were left in prison to suffer and die. Upon my making inquiry relative to tehir complaints I found that it was true and reported the same to General Winder,under whom I was acting. he at once instituted means to recover from the officdrs of the prison the moneys they had thus obtained. When making my inquiries into the matter the prisoners would refuse to testify to having given it. Notwithstanding, I found means to establish the truth of the complaints,a d General Winder succeeded in recovering a portion of the mony from the officials in whose possession it was. I visited the prison at Florence, S. C., ion the latter part of the year 1864, and fore part of 1865, and while there heard a geenral compalaint fromt ehprisoenrs of the bad treatment they received,a nd of their being robbed of their moneys and jewelry. On making inquiry into the nature of their omplints I found that upon the prisoners being recieved into the prison iot was the practicve of those in charge of the prioson to tke from them their moenys and other valuables,a nd from such as they got small amouints they would give receipts to, but to those from whom they obtained large amounts no receipts were given. The same practice prevailed here as at the oter prison in relation to the selection of the sick to be exchanged. They were on leving the prison refused the moneys and other valuabels which had bee taken from them, upon the plea that the officer having them in cahrge was absent and that they were not responsible. THe treatment in other reespects at this prison was of a similar character to the others. Some of the officers hving charge of the prisons I had visited Ifund to be extremely corrupt and were constnatly practicing toward the prisoenrs such treatment as did not come within the range of hteir duties, thereby causing death and suffering among them.

Resepctfully, yours, &amp;c.,

PH. CASHMYER.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., September 23, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-Gernal:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the prisoenrs Clay and Mitchel as being well. Davis has still some indicaitons of having erysipelas in the face. Since reporting the room ready in Carroll Hall for the confinement of Davis I have received no answer as to when the should be moved, nor to my recommendation that if the prisoners were to be confined at this place any length of time they all be confined in Carroll

