
Hall. The recommendtion was based on the surgeon's report that the casemates were uinhealthy for persons affect3rd with asthma, like the prisoners.

Iam, general, very resepctfuly, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-Geenral of Volutneers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARETMENT, September 25, 1865.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel L. H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-Gernal, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you repair to Fort Momroe, Va.,a nd criticlly inspect the prison rom in Carroll Hall lately fitted up for Jefferson Davis, to accertain whether it is secure tand appropiate. You will also ascertain whether otehr rooms can be fitted up in the same building for two more prisoenrs now in the casemates, should it be deemed best to move them. If the room prepared for Davis is found suitable you will direct General Miles, in the Secretary's name, to transfer him to it from his present quarters in the casemates. Having accomplished the above obejcts, you will return and resume your duties in this Department and report the result of your inspection.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-Geenral.

HEADUQARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THEGULF,

New Orleans, September 28, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretay of War:

Doctor Gwina nd ex- rebel Senator Clark, of Missuri, returned to San Antonio, Tex., and were sent by General Merritt to report to me, reaching here laast night. Ex- Senator Clark went to Mexico with E. Kirby SMith. Gwin hs been absent from the courntry for a long time. i resepctfully ask for orders from you in refenrce to them. They are not in close confinement.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-Geenral.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 28, 1865.

Bvt. Major General NELSON A. MILES,

Commandign Military Distirct of Fort Monroe:

GEENRAL: The Secretary of War directs that Jefferson Davis be transferred from his present quarters in the casemates of this fort to the prison room in Carroll Hall lately fitted up for his reeioption.

Very respectfully, your obedietns ervant,

L. H. PELOUZE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 29, 1865.

Geenral E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-Geernal, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: In complinace with the foregoing instrtuctiosn* I have the honor to report that I have made the required inspection,a nd regard

---------------

*See third, ante.

---------------

