
the room in Carroll Hall, Fort Monroe, Va., lately fitted up for Jefferon Davis, as secure and appropritate for his reception, and have directed his transfer thereto byan order of whcih the inclosed is a copy.* I also report that otehr rooms in the same building can be fitted up for two otehr prisoenrs now in the casemates of Fort Monroe, should it be deemed best to move them.

A description of Carroll Hall and the prison room with the reasons for regarding the prison secure and appropriate is made an appendix to this report.

I am, geenral, very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

L. H., PELOUZE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Brevet Lieutenant- Colonel, U. S. Army.

Appendix.

Carroll Hall is the name given to the oficers' quarters in Fort Monroe, Va., and is situated at the salient bastion of fronts 6 and 7. (See sketh marked A.)

The building is a two story with attic; its walls are of brick, 1 foot 9 inches in thicknes; a piazza 10 feet wide extends the entire front of the second floor. It has a front of about 165 feet, a depth of 45 feet, and is entered by halls on the first floor at distqnces of about 45 feet from each end of building.

The height of rooms on the first floor is 11 feet, the thickness of second floor is 14 inches,a nd the height from second floor to ceiling is 12 feet 4 inches. (See sketch B.)

Sketch B is a plan of the second floor of Carroll Hall. A plan of the first floor does not differ materially from it.

A hall 6 feet 10 inches wide runs through the center of thsi building almost its enteir length and separates the frront fromtherear sets of quarters. The room fitted up as a prison is at the extreme south end of Carroll Hall, on the second floor,a dn faces the interior of the fort. Its dimensions are 16 feet 6 inches in width, 15 feet in depth,a nd 12 feet 4 inches in height. The window of this room (see P in sketch B) is 4 feet wide,and is secured by seven upright iron bars, round, three- fourths of an inch in diameter, placed at equal distna ces apart. T	hese run through six horizontal bars of iron, the lowest 8 inches fromt he floor and the upper one 8 inches from thetop, the others at equal distances apart.

These bars are fastened by heavy screws to the casings of the windowns, and the heads of the screws are cut off.

The doors (see R and T in sketch B and also sketch C)are made of heavy oak and iron combined, as shown in sketch. The door window closes outside the bars (see P) without obstructing the view of the sentinel stationed thereat. The door leading into the hall (see R) when inspected could be opened with a key, but there being no use for it as a door,it is being permanently bolted, and a door with a sash of glass in the upper half will be placed onthe hall side of these bvars, which can be opened or closed as ventilation or temperature may require,a nd which will not interfere with the view of the sebtibel posted at the same. The door leading into the adjoining room, intended as guard- room (See T), will be the only one used for ingress and egress. Matting is to cover the hall and guard- room floors, which will prevent much noise, and will make more audible any movement in the prison room.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

