HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,October 2, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Departmetn:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that the prisoenrs Davis, Clay, and Mitchel [are] in good health. Davis was removed to his new quarters in Carroll Hall at 9 a. m. to- day. The same guard of one officer and ten sentinels are still kept over him. Inclosed is a copy of a letter from Clay to his wife.

I am, general, very resepctfully, our obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

FORT JACKSON, October 6, 1865.

Major- General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: Not having had the pleasure of seeing yu after I was restircted to my room before my departure from new Orleans, I beg to ask you, if yu have not done so, to presetn my case tothe authorities at Washington,w ith a requesite oaths, &amp;c., which I am willing to do if permitted.

I am not aware of any act that subjects me to different treatment than any otehr member of the Confederate Confress, except having gone to Mexico. But when it is stated, which I can prove if permitted, that I did not enter Mexico to remain there, or to engage in the the military or political affairs of that country in any way, but to merely pass through to cfalifornia to provide a future residence for my family, then in Missouri, and whose residence they had been deprived of during the war, Ihope it will be sufficient to exempt me from that suspicion that might otherwise attach to my movements. i beg further to state that I did not leave the United States until after the surrender was made and some time after all those military gentlemen had left, manh of whom I never have seen in my life, nor have I any kind of understanding with them or personal knowledge of their movements or designs, nor never had.

Yur obedient servant,

JOHN B. CLARK.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., October 11, 1865.

Resepctfully transmitted to the honorable the Secretary of War for his informaiton, with the recommendation that Mr. Clark's petition for release be granted.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-Gernal, Commandign.

FORT PULASKI, October 7, 1865.

Major W. C. MANNING, U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: Having learned with regret that you are orderred to a new field of duty, we desire premission to express to you the high opinio9n we have formed of your merits as an officer and the statisfaction we have felf twith your deportment as a gentleman. it is only just to you to say that during your administration of the military command

