
at this post you have exhibited abilities for ocmmand which are higlhly creditable,a nd in your treatment of the prisoners committed to your charge, while strictly enforcing and mintaining the regulations which your military duties required, your conduct has been tempered by a discretion, considerateness, and urbanity which has attracted our resepct and dwserves our thanks. it owul have been to us a great satisfaction if, consistently with the public service, the commandign general could have permitted you still to remain in the command of this post.

TO yourself and the officers of your command we are indebted for many kindnesses, which have afforded some allevition to our misfortunes,a nd for this we geg you to accept for yourself and them our resepctful acknowledgments, and to do us the favor of communicating our feelings tothem.

Our best wishes follow you in your future career.

With great respect, our obedient servants,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

C. S. Secretary of War.

J. A. CMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

H. W. MERCER,

General, C. S. Army.

A. G. MAGRATH,

Govenror of SouthCarolina.

A. K. ALLISON,

Governor of Florida.

D. L. YULEE,

Ex U. S . Senator.

HEADUQARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,

New York Harbor, October 8, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General M. BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commandign Fort Lafayette, new York Harbor:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of thecondition of the prisoenrs of war at thsi station fort he week ending October 8, 1865:

Conduct- very good. Cleanliness- very good. Clothing- good. Bedding, iron bedsteads, blankets, and pillows- good. State of quarters- excellent. State of kitchen- prisoners are not allowed in kitchen; meals are sent to them.. Food, quality of- excellent. Food, quantity of- soldiers' rations, together with bvegetables purchased from fund. Wager- (Crot0n) excellent. Sinks- comforable and cleanly. police of grounds- excellent. Drainage- good. Police of hospital- no hospital at post. Attendance of sick- Dr. O. W. Gibson, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, once a day. Hospital diet- none at post. General health of prisoners- good. VVigilance of guard- excellent; prisoners are verified theree times during the night by the officer ofhe day. Remarks and suggestions- The number of prisenrs at this post is nine- of war and state. They are allowed esxercise in the parade ground from reveille until retreat.

Very resepctfully, our obedient servant,

ROBERT P. WILSON,

Captain, Seventeenth U. S. Infty., Actg. post Adjt. and Insp. Officer.

