
may direct to be preferred against them,a nd also that theywill respectively abide, until further orders, in the places herein designated, and not depart threfrom, to wit: John A. Campbell in the State of Alabama, John H. Reagan in the State of Texas, Alecander H. Stephens in the State of Georgia, George A. Trenhlm in the Stte of South Carolina, and Charles Clark in the State of Mississippi. And if the President should grant his pardon to any of said persons, such person's parole will be thereby discahrged.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

The Secetary further directs that upon their giving their resepctive paroles, as prescribed in said order, you release the persons in yor custody therin mentioned and give them tranprtation to the places they may designate in accordance with their parole.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-TGeenral.

(Same to commandant of Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.)

RICHMOND, October 12, 1865.

[Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN, U. S. Army.:]

SIR: In compliance with your desire that I would make a statement of suh information as Icould furnish relative to the treatment of Union prisoenrs confined in the Southern States during the war, I have thehonor tof presenting the following, which if not as full in detail as may be necesary will be made so upon your intimating what place or person you desire further informaiton about:

Libby Prison, Major Thomas P. Turner, commandant; Captain Warner, commissary; Lieutenant George Emack, Latouche, Bossieux, attaches, also Dick Turner. The codnition of the prisoners was better than at any of the other prisons, excepting the period when so many were crowded on Belle Isle, which was attached to the same command. At Belle Isle the prisoenrs suffered intensely from cold, there being sinsufficient shelter for the immense number confined within such narrow limits. This shelter could readily have been obtained, as was displayed by the ease with which extensive hospitals were erected around Richmond. The prison discipline was strit; thecommissary supplies the same as those furnished to the Confederate soldiers. Captain Warner at one time complained of his inability to obtain suffiicient stores from theCommissary- General, Colonel Northrop. The Secretary of War, General Randolph, immediately directed the purcahse of whatever was needed fromt heRichmodn merchants till the Deaprtmetn was prepared to resume the issue of supplies. THe only prison officials of whom I heard complaint were Lietenatnt Emack and Dick Turner, the former for harsh and tyrannical display of authority; the latter for the same severity in a greater degree. prisoners whom, after leaving Richmodn, I met in other prisons, charge Turner with robbery in addition tohis inhumanity.

Caastle Godwin, a military prison used for the confinement, of civilians and military prisoenrs (Confederates), was instituted in 1862, at the declaaration of martial law in this city. The Honorable J. M. Botts, Messrs. Stearns, palmer, Higgins, Wardwell, and other prominent Union citizens of thiscityand the State of North Carolina, were here confined. Their treatment was characterize by much severity fromthe authorities. All of them for weeks andmany of them for months during their entier confienemtn were deprived of all communiation with their families or friends excepting by letter. Captain Godwin,the provost- marshal, was extremely severe toward these prisoenrs. Captain G. W.

