
to pass to obtain water or going to th sinks, which caused an increase of diseasee and suffering among them. There weere between 7,000 and 10,000 men confined there, among whom the fatality was said to have been fully as great inproprtion as it had been at Andersonville. At one period there were 1,600 reported sick, The prisoners complained greatly of the harsh and brutal treatment they received frm Captain Barrett and Lieutenatn Wilson, who had charge of theinterior of the prison. They cahrged these oficers with cruel and undeserved punishments, sucjh as lengthened confinement upon bread and water in the guard- house for trivial offenses. Some deaths were reported as the result of their bruatality. Lieutenatn Cheatham, adjutant, &amp;c.,had charge of the searching of the prisoenrs at their receiptiooj, performing this often indecently; was charged iwth often refusing a receipt for any sums he took fromthemen excepting small ones, thereby causing theloss of money due many of the prisoenrs at their departure, at which time Lieutenatn Cheatham was absent upona furlough for thiryt days. Colonel iverson declared, in reply to the indignant demands of the losers, taht Lieutenatn Cheatham alone was responsible. The prisenrs made a report of the above facs to and appealed to Geenral Winder for protection, which application i forwarded to him. He thereupon came to Florence, on theroute declaring his determination, if he found the statement true, to remove and punish the parties complained of, and bringing other officers with whom to fill their places. unfortunately, just as he reached my tent with his staff he was attacked with disease of the heart and died instnatly.

I left Florence immediately after this, having cahrge of the body of General Winder, since which tieme I have had no connection or communication with the Confederate prisons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. CASHYER.

NEW ORLEANS, October 13, 1865.

His Excellency A. JOHNSON, President:

J. B. Hood, alte general in the rebel Army, is desirous of a personal interview with Mr. Davis to get at some military informaiton inconnetion with his military career. He has made a full statement to me of his object, which would require an interview of a few minutes. May I resepctully ask yur permission for this interview! He has made his application for pardon.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Majopr-Gernal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 13, 1865.

Major General N. A. MILES, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding, &c., Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR; You will please inform Mr. Davis that his thanks tothe gentlemen who have offered their servi es as counsel, to wit, Messrs. C. E. Hooker, T. J. Whareton, and F. Anderson, will be communicated to them bythe State Deaptment.

I am, very respetfully, your obedietn servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

