
They were turned over to this Departmetn by Lieutenant Colonel B. D. Pritchard, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. ECKERT,

Acting Assistant Secretary of War.

TALLAHASSEE, October 22, 1865.

ANDREW JOHNSON, President of the United States:

SIR: I feel assured that you will pardon me for again callingyour attention to Mr. Yulee and Mr. Allison, political prisoenrs confined at Fort Pulaski, and Mr. Mallory, confined at Fort Lafayette.

I have not a word to say upon the subject of the political history of Mr. Yulee and Mr. Mallory. Your Excellency knows it as well or better than I do. I have only to remark in regard to them that I think they may both be permitted to return to this State without any injury to its interests. Mr. Yulee is the president of a railroad company whose interests are suffering for the want of his supervision and care. Mr. Allison became ex officio Governor of thsi State on the death of Govenror Milton by suicisde just before the collapse of the rebellion. He was the president of the Senate,and on the death of the Govenror he became ex officio Govenror until a Governor could be elected. I believe the only gubernatorial act he did was to issue a proclamation ordering an election of a Governor tosucceed Governor Milton. He is not a bad man. He has been confined since the 1st of May. I think the people of this State would be much gratified to hear that he has returned to his family. The convention meets here on the 25th instant.

I have the honor to be, very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MARVIN,

Priovisional Govenror of Florida.

Mr. Mallory has the gout badly, which the dampness of the prison exasperates. his family is in Connecticut and he would like to visit them. I think if he were set at libery on poarole I can be surety for his keeping it.

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 6, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the honorable the Secretary of War.

By order of the Presidetn:

R. MORROW,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 7, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Judge- Advcate- Geenral for report.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOS. T ECKERT,

Acting Assistant Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRIT OF FORT MONROE,Fortress Monroe, Va., October 23, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-Geenral:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the prisoenrs Davis, Clay, and Mitchel as well, and to inclose letter f rom Davis to his wife, which he desires may be forwarded. I would respectfully call your attention to the paragrapph inclosed in brackets, namely, "For, say, three months

49 R R- SERIES II, VOL VIII

