
offered hm by Mr. Davis. Suffice it to say he accepted.mr. Harrison is a graduate of Yale College, an Old Line Whig, and conservtative in his politics,a nd was esteemed nd honored byhis classmates and all who knew him for his gentlemanly feeling and high sense of honor. I threfore entreat Your Excellency that that freedom from confinement which has already been granted to so many men of more influence in the political world than he may be grauted to him. He is at present, I believe, in Fort Delaware. i address myself to Your Excellency from no desire for notoriety, but from friendship and affection for my friend and classmate, who appears to have been forgotten by his friends. I would add taht he is the only son of a widowed mother, to whose support he has always contributed.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant adn political well wisher,

C. BOHN SLINGLUFF,

Attorny at Law, Baltimore, Md.
HDQRS. MILITAY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., October 28, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have thehonor to report the prisoenrs Clay and Mitchel as being well. Davis is suffering fromthe effects of a boil under his arm.*

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major- General of VOlunteers, Commandign.

WAR DEPARTMETN, Washington City, October 28, 1865.

Major-Generl MILES, Commandign, &amp;c., Fortress Monroe, Va.:

An order of the President has been forwarded yu by mail directing the release of John Mitchel from imprisonment. If he desires it, yu may give him trasportation to New York by sea on any trasport of the Government, free of cahrge, or transportation toRichmodn, if he prefers.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMETN, BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE,

October 31, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

Hnery Wirz was tried by a military commission convened at Washington, D. C., on the 23rd day of Augsut, 1865, by order of the President of the United States, on the following charges and specifications:+ Upon being arraigned the prisoners' counsel submitted the following pleas:

1. That he ought not to be held or tried for any cuase by the Govnerment of the United States because, according to the terms of the surrender of

---------------

*References to the boil are made in reports up to and inluding November 1.

+For charges adn specifications (here omitted) see Geenral Court- Mrtial Orders, Numbers 607, p. 784.

---------------

