
an attempt to denounce even in faint terms thediabolical combinatin fort he destruction and death, by cruel and fiendishly ingenious processes, of helpless prisoenrs of war whomight fall into their hands, which thsi record shows was plotted and deliberately entered upon, and, as far as time permitted, accomplished by the rebel authorities and their brutal underlings at Andersonville Prison. Criminal history presents no parallel to this monstrous conspiracy, and from the whole catalogue of infamous devices within reach of human hands, a system for the murder of men more revolting in its details could not have been planned.upon the heads of those named by the fourth in its findings the guilt of this immeasurable crime is fixed,a guilt so fearfully black and horrible that the civilized world must be appalled by the spectacle. THere remains yet to be noticed the matter involved in the second charge.

The homicides alleged to have been committed under this charge and which the court found were committed, are of four classes. First, those cases of death which resulted from the biting of dogs (specification 2); second, cases of death which resulted from confinement in the stocks and chain gang (specificatins 5, 6, and 7); third, cases of prisoners killed by guards pursuant to direct order of Wirz given at the time (specifications 8, 9, 12), and fourth, cases of prisoners killed by Wirz's own hand (specifications 1, 2, and 3).

That all the deaths embraced in these four classes resulted from the cases and in the manner set forth in the specifications is conceived to be very clearly established by the evidence adduced by the prosecution, and it is not deemed necessary, in the absence of any contradictory testimony directly bearing on these instances, to recite the evidence applicable to each, except it may be, briefly that relating to the fourth class (specificatins 1, 2, 3,), and some acts of a similar character.

The testimony supporting the first specifiation is that of Felix de la Baume, a union soldier, who states that on or about the 8th of July, 1864, he was one of a detachment of prisoners taken to Wirz's headquarters to be enrolled before being sent into the prison; that one of his comrades was attacked with epilepsy, and some of his companions, by permission of the guard, ran to the creek for water; that he, the witness, heard a shot fired, and on turning saw Wirz fire two more, wounding two prisoners,one of whom the witness never saw or heard of afterward, and the other of whom he saw carried up to Wirz's headquarters in a daying condition, the wound being in the breast.

There is also the testimony of George on way, who states that on or about the 11th of July, 1864, he saw Wirz shoot a Union prisoner within the stockade as he was stooping to pick up his cup which had fallen under the dead- line, and that the man died almost instantly. Which of these two cases (either being, it is conceived, sufficient to sustain the allegation) the court relied on does not, of course, appear. in support of the second specifcation, Martin E. Hogan testifies that some time in September, when the prisoners were being removed from Andersonville to Millen he saw Wirz take a prisoner who was worn out with hunger and disease by the coat collar, and because he could not walk faster, wrench him back and stamp upon him with his boots; that the man was borne past him bleeding from his mouth and nose,and died in a short time.

The third specification is supported by the testimony of George W. Gray, who states that about the middle of September, 1864, he and a comrade named William Stewart, a private belonging to a Minnesota

