
[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 4, 1865.

Colonel Bayne, for information.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 6, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

The within information has been communicated to Colonel Robert Ould, agent of exchange.

THOS. L. BAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, January 16, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The following-named persons, belonging to the naval service, who were concerned in the destruction of the rebel ram Albermarle at Plymouth on the night of the 27th of October last, were captured and are still in the hands of the insurgents: Actg. Masters' Mates W. L. Howorth and Thomas S. Gay; Actg. Third Asst. Engineer C. L. Steever; Actg. Asst. Paymaster F. H. Swann; Actg. Third Asst. Engineer William Stotesbury; R. H. King, Wilkes, Demming, landsmen; Bernard Harley, William Smith, ordinary seamen, and Richard Hamilton, coal heaver. I have the honor to request that their names may be presented to the commissioner in order that they may receive the benefits of exchange.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 17, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, who is requested to make a note of the contents, including the names, in order that when an exchange shall be authorized these men may by no means be overlooked. The undersigned requests the return of this letter.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 16, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

The transport for the cotton reached Mobile Bay on the 16th of December, and General Granger immediately notified General Maury that he was ready to receive it. Colonel Sawtelle, who reached New Orleans January 4, says that the vessel was still waiting when he left Mobile, but no reply had been received from General Maury. General Canby says that the delay is entirely due to the rebel authorities in Mobile.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

