
only warranted, but urgently called for, the trial of the parties by a military commission. The testimony evolved in the course of the recent trial of Wirz, and by means of recent investigations in the Southern military departments, fully confirms and strengthens this conclusion, and I have now to formally recommend as follows in all these cases: First. That Lieutenant-Colonel Iverson, Forty- seventh Georgia Volunteers, and his subordinate, Lieutenatn (or Captain) Barrett, be arrested and brought to trial for their treatment of our soldiers when prisoners of war at Florence, S. C. The testimny fixes upon them not only a series of the most cruel and inhuman acts of neglect, abuse, assault, robbery, &amp;c., but a considerable number of well- established homicides. In these Barrett was the principal agent, but Iverson as his commandign officer, was clearly no less criminal. Second. That Major John H. Gee should be tried for homicides and acts of si ilar atrocity committted by him while in charge of the rebel prisonat Salibury, BN. C. Of this man it is remarked by Brebvet Brigadier-Gebneral Heath,in his recent full report, heewith inclosed, "His infamy cannot be reported." Third. That J. W. Duncan be also tried for at least one case of murder and numerous cases of robbery and cruelty, committed by him while commissary- sergeant at Andersonville. The testimony in regard to his crimes, incidentally adduced upont he trial of Wirz, is apparently of the mozsst reliable character. Fourth. That Doctor Nesbit, of Salisbury, N. C., be forthwith brought to trial by military commission at that place, where he is understood to be now in arrest, for the wantonmurder of a Union prisoner on the occasion of a slight outbreak at the prison, which occurred last winter. Fifth. That in the case of R. B. Winder, while the evidence at the trial of Wirz was deemed by the court to implicate him in the onspiracy against the lives of allFederal prisoenrs in rebel hands, no such specific overt acts of violation of the laws of war are as yet fixed upon him as to make it expedient to prefer formal cahrges and bringhim to trial. Sixth. That Captain Alexander, of the Salisbury prison; Lieutenants Wilson, Cheatham, and Mosely, of the Florence prions; Major John E. Rylander, Tenth Georgia Battalion, of the Macon prison (in 1862); Colonel Godwin, stationed at Salisbury; Captain Vowles, at Millen, Ga.; Lieutenant Emack and Dick Turner, of the Libby Prison; Captain G. W. Alesanderr, of Castle Thunder (kn 1862); Captain John Adams, of a Mississippi regiment, sttioned at Memphis in 1861; and one Peacocke, an alleged deserter from the Ninth New York VOlunteers and a subordinate of Wirz, at Tuscaloosa in 1862, are all presented by the accompanying testimoany as guilty of acts more or less cruel and criminal in their treatment of prisoenrs of war. None of these cases are yet in a condition for trial, but should, it is thought, be made the subject of such further investigation by the different local commandefrs as may be practiable.

Besides Winder, Duncan, and Nesbit, it is not known that any of these criminals are in military custody. it is understood that an effort is now being made byt he commander of the Deaprtmetn of North Carolina to effect the arrest of Gee,a nd it is supposed that Iversona nd Barrett may be apprehended at Columbus and Augusta, Ga., their reseptive places of residence. It is conceived that the trial of Dunan, if it be concluded to prosecute him, could be entered upon at an early day.

J. HOLT,

Judge- Advocate- General.

