
453, dated August 23, 1865, and paragraph 13, Special Orders, Numbers 524, dated October 2, 1865, War Departmetn, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington,and of which Major General Lewis Wallace, U. S. Volunters, is president, was arraigned and tried-

Henry Wirz.

CHARGE I: Maliciously,willfully,a nd traitornously,and in aid of the thenexisting armed rebellion agaisnt the United States of America, on or before the 1st day of March, A. D. 1864, and on divers other days between that day and the 10th day of April, 1865, combining, confederating,and conspiring, together with John H. Winder, Richard B. Winder,joseph [Isaiah H.] White, W. S. Winder, R. R. Stevenson,a nd others unknown, to injure the health and destroy the lives of soldiers in the miitary service of the United States, then held and being prisoenrs of war within the lines of the s- called Confederate States, then held and being prisoners of war withint he lines of the so- called Confederate States, and in the miltiary prisons therof, to the end that the armies of the United States might be weaqkened and impaired, inviolation of the laws and customs of war.

Specification.- In this, that he,the said Henry Wirz, did combine,confederate,adn conspire with them, the said John H. Winder, Richard B. Winder, Joseph [Isaiah H.] White, W. S. Winder, R. R. Stevenson,and others whose names are unknown, citizens of the United States aforesaid, and who were the engaged in armed rebellion against the united States, maliciously, traitoraously,a nd in violation of the laws of war, to impair and injure the health and to destroy the lives- by subjecting to torture and great suffering; by confining in unhealthy and unwholesome quarters; by exposing to the inclemency of witn4r and to the dews and burningsun of summer; by compelling the use of impure water; and bvy funishing insufficient and unwholesome food- of large numbers of Federal prisoners, to wit, the number of 30,000 soldiers in the miltiary service of the United States of America,held as prisoners of war at Andersonville, in the State of Georgia,within the lines of the so- called Confederate States, on or before the 1st day of March, A. D. 1864, and at diverse times between that day and the 10th day of April, A. D. 1865, to the end that the armies of the United States might be weakened and impaird, and the insurgents engaged in armed rebellion against the United States might be aided and conforted. And he, the said Henry Wirz, an officer in the miltiary service of the so- called Confederate States, being then and there commandant of a miltitary prison at Andersonville,in the State of Georgia, located, by authority of the so- called Confederate States, for the confinement of prisoners of war, and, as such commandant, fully clothed with authority,and in duty bound to treat, care,and provide for such prisoners held as aforesaid as there or might be placed in his custody according to the law of war,did, in furtherance of such combination, confederation, and conspiracy, and incited thereunto by them,a said John H. Winder, Richard B. Winder, joseph [Isaiah H.] White, W. S. Winder, R. R. Stevenson, and others whose names are unknown, maliciously, wickedly, and traitorously confine a large number of such prisoners of war, soldiers in the miltiary service of the United States, to the amount of 30,000 men, in unhealthy and unwholesome quarters,in a close and small area of ground wholly inadeaquate to their wants and destructive to their health, which he well knew and intended; and, while there was confined during the time aforesaid, did, in furtherance of his evil design,and in aid of the said conspiracy, willfully and maliciously neglect to furnsish tents, barracks, or other shelter sufficient for their protection from the inclemency of winter and the dews and burning sun of summer; and with such evil intent did take,, and cause to be taken, from them their clothing, blankets, camp equipage, and other property of which they were possessed at the time of being placed in his custody; and, with like malice and evil intent, did refuse to furnish, or cause to be furnished, food either of a quality or quantity sufficient to preserve health and sustain life; and did refuse and neglect to furnish wood sufficient for cooking in summer and to keep the said prisoners warm in winter; and did compel the said prisoners to use unwholesome water, reeking with the filth and garbage of the prison and prison guard, and the offal and drainage of the cookhonse of said prison, whereby the prisoners became greatly reduced in their bodily strength,and emaciated and injured in their bodily health; their minds impaired and their intellects broken; and many of them, to wit, the number of 10,000, whose names are unknown, sickened and died by reason therof, which he, the said Henry Wirz, then and there well knew and intended; and, so knowing and evilly intending, did refuse and neglect to provide proper lodgings, food, or nourishment for the sick, and necessary medicine and medical attendance for the restoration of their health; and did knowingly, willfully, and maliciously, in furtherance of his evil designs, permit them to languish and die from want of care and proper treatment. And the said Henry Wirz, still pursuing his evil purpose, did permit to remain in

50 R R- SERIES II, VOL VIII

