
Specification 2.- In this, tht the said HenryWirz, an officer in the military service of the so- called COnfederate States of America, at Andersonville,int he State of Georgia, on or about the 20th day of September, A. D. 1864, then and there being commandant of a prison there located, by the authority of the said s0- called Confederate States, for the confinement of prisoners of war taken and held as such from the armies of the United States of America, while acting as said commandant, feloniously, willfully, and of his malice aforethought, did jump upon, stamp, kick, bruise, and otherwise injure with the heels of his boots,a soldier belonging to the Army of the United States, in his, the said Henry Wirz's, custody as a prisoner of war, whose name is unknown, of which said stamping, kicking, and bruising; maliciously done and inflicted by the said Wirz, he, the said soldier, soon therafer, to wit,onthe 20th day of September, A. D. 1864, died.

Specification 3.- In this, that the said Henry Wirz, an officer in the military service of the so- called Confederate Sttes of America, at Andersonville, in the State of Gorgia, on or about the 13th day of June, A. D. 1864, hten and there being commandant of a prison there located, byt he authority of the said so called Confederate States, for the confinement of prisoners of war, takne and held as such fromt he armeis of the United States of America, while acting as said commandant,feloniously, nd of his malice aforethought,did make an assault,a nd he, the said Henrty Wirz,a certin pistol called a revolver then and there loaded and cahrged with gunpowder and bullets, which said pistolthe said Henry Wirz,in his hand then and there had and held to, agaisnt and upon a soldier belonging to the Army of the United States, in his, the said Henry Wirz's, custody as a fprisoner of war, whose name is unknown,t hen and there feloniously,a ndof his malice aforethught,did shoot and discharge, infli cting upon the body of the soldier aforesaid a mortal wound wihtthe pistol aforesaid,in consequence of which said mortal wound, murderously inflicted by the said Henry Wirxz, the said soldier immedaitely, to wit, on the day aforesaid, died.

Specification 4.- In this, that the said Henry Wirz, an officer in the military service of the so- called Confederate States of America, at Andersonville, in the State of Gorgia, on or about the 30th day of May, A. D. 1864, then and there being cmmandant of a prison there located, byt he authority of the said so- called Confederate States, for the confinement of oprisoenrs of war, taken and held as such from the armeis of the United States of America, while acting as said commandant, feloniously,a dn of his malice aforethought, did make an assault, and he, the said Henry Wirz, a certain pistol called a revolver then and there loaded and cahrged with gunpowder and bullets, which said pistol the said Henry Wirz in his hand then and there had and bullets, which said pistol the said Henry Wirz in his hand then and there had and held to, against, and upon a soldier belonging to the Army of the United States, in his, the said Henry Wirz's, custody as a prisoner of war, whose name is unknown, then and there feloniously, and of his malice aforethought, did shoot and discharge, inflicting upon the body of the soldier aforesaid a mortal wound with the pistol aforesaid,in consequence of which said mortal wound, murderously inflicted by the said Henry Wirz, the said soldier, on the 30th day of May, A. D. 1864, died.

Specification 5.- In this, that the said Henry Wirz, an officer in the military service of the so- called Confederate States of America, at Andersonville, in the State of Georgia, on or about the 20th day of August, A. D. 1864, then and there being commandant of a prison there located, by the authority of the said so- called Confedeate States, for the confinement of prisoners of war, taken and held as such from the armies of the United States of America, while acting as said commandant, feloniously, and of his malice aforethought, did confine and bind with an insturment of torture called "the stocks," a soldier belonging to the Amry of the United States, in his, the said Henry Wirz's, custody as a prisoner of war, whose name is unknown, in consequence of which such crewl treatment, maliciously and injurously inflicted as aforesaid, he, the said soldier, soon therafter, to wit, on the 30th day of August, A. D . 1864, died.

Specification 6.- In this, that the said Henry Wirz, an officer in the military service of the so- called Confederate States of America, at Andersonville, in the State of Georgia, on or about the 1st day of February, 1865, then and there being commandant of a prison there located, by the authority of the said so- called Confederate States, for the confinement of prisoners of war, taken and held as such from the armeis of the United States of America, while acting as said commandant, feloniously,and of his malice aforethought, did confine and bind within an instrument of toture called "the stocks," a soldier belonging to the Army of the United States, in his, the said Henry WIrz's, custody as a prisoner of war, whose name is unknown, in consequence of which said cruel treatment,maliciously and murderously inflicted as aforeasaid, he, the said soldier, soon therafter, to wit, on the 6th day of February, A. D. 1865, died.

Specifiation 7.- In this, tht the said Henry Wirz, an officer in the military sevice of the so- called Confederate States of America, at Andersonville, in the State of

