
against the United States, with a view to assist in weakening and impairing the armies of the United States, and in furtherance of the said conspiracy,a nd with the full knowledge, consent, and connivance of his co- conspirators aforesaid, he, the said Wirz, then and there did.

Of the charge, guilty, after amending said charge to read as follows:

Maliciously, willfully,. and traitorously, and in aid of the then existing armed rebellion against the united States of America, on or before the 27th day of March, A. D. 1864, and on diverse other days between that day and the 10th day of April, A. D. 1865, combining, confederating, and conspiring, together with Jefferson Davis, James A. Seddon, Howell Cobb, John H. Winder, Richard B. Winder, Isaiah H. White, W. S. Winder, W. Shelby Reed, R. R. Stevenson, S. P. Moore, [W. J. W.] Kerr (late hospital steward at Andersonville), James W. Dunan, Wesley W. Turner, Benjamin Harris, and others unknown, to injure the health and destroy the lives of soldiers in the military sevice of the United States, then held an being prisoners of war within the lines of the so- called Confederate States, and in the military prisons thereof, to the end that the armies of the United States might be weakened and impaired, in violation of the laws and customs of war.

Charge II.

Of the first specification, guilty, adding the words "or about" immediately before the phrase "the 9th day of july."

Of the second specification, guilty.

Of the third specification, guilty, after striking out "June " and inserting instead "September."

Of the further specification, not guilty.

Of the 5th specification, guilty, after striking out the phrase "on the 30th day" and inserting instead the phrase " on or about the 25th day."

Of the sixth specification, guilty, after striking out the word "1st" and inserting "15th," and also striking out the phrase "ont he 6th day" and inserting instead the phrase "on or about the 16th day."

Of the seventh specification, guilty, after striking out the word "20th" and inserting instead the word "1st," and also after inserting "or about" immediately before the phrase "the 25th day."

Of the eighth specification, guilty.

Of the ninth specification, guilty.

Of the tenth specification, not guilty.

Of the eleventh specification, guilty, after striking out the word "1st" and inserting instead the word "6th" after striking out also the phrase "incite and urge" and the phrase "encouragment and instigation" and by adding the words "or about" after the word "on," where it occurs in the specification; and also after striking out the phrase "animals called bloodhounds" and inserting the word "dogs;" and also striking out the word "bloodhounds" where it afterward occurs and insert the word "dogs;" ad also striking out the words "given by him."

Of the twelfth specification, guilty.

Of the thirteenth specification,not guilty.

Of the charge, guilty.

SENTENCE.

And the court does therfore sentence him, Henry Wiz, to be hanged bytehneck till he be dead at such time and place as the President of the united States may direct, two- thirds of the members of the court concurring herein.

And the court also finds the prisoner, Henry Wirz, guilty of having caused the death, in manner as alleged in specification 11, to cahrge 2, by means of dogs, of theree priosners of war in his custody,a nd soldeirs of the United States, one occurring onor about the 15th day of May, 1864; another occurring on or about the 11th day of July, 1864; antoher occurring on or agbout the 1st day of September, 1864; but which finding, as here expressed, has not and did not enter into the sentence of the court as before given.

II. The proceedings, finding,and sentence in the foregoing case having been submitted to the President of the United States, the following are his orders:

EXECUTIVE MANSION, November 3, 1865.

The proceedings, finding,and sentence of the court in the within case are approved,and it is ordered that the sentence be carried to its execution by the officer commanding the Department of Washington on Friday the 10th day of November, 1865, between the hours of 6 o'clock a.m. and 12 o'clock noon.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President.

