
have only been conceived and countnanced by hearts and souls foreign t every principle of Christianity and devoid of any affinity for republican institutions. Who were the conceivers! Who selected the most depraved objects of humanity to carry out most hellish designs! Was it Henry Wirz, condemned to be hung to- morrow.! Your Excellency will bear me out it was not,a nd will admit that he was only the detestable tool of monsters in human form. Shall the hand suffer for the arm that wielded it, for the soul adn mind that controlled its ultimatum of crime! Man can punish the body; God alone can call the soul to account. Your Excellency can cut off one of the many hands which were guilty of crime at Andersonville, but can surely never expect to reach those who conceived these horrors and retained in position the perpertators Heny Wirz, born of most estimable parents, reared and nurtured in your gret and gernerous Republic, a husband and a father, whose wife and childreen are natives therof, this abject being, born inold Switzerland, proverbial for magannimity toward enemies,a d wehre a Congress having for its special object the amelioration of the condition of prisoners of war was first conceived, must he be hung!,ust his already ebbing life become the sacrifie for deeds which he had purposely been placed and retained in powere to perform! Does the great body of the American people demand that tot he deplorabel multitude of widows and orphans shall be added! Oh, no, it cannot be, your own magnanimous heart tells you so. The spirit of Christianity pleads for the mother and her children,a nd justice will bide its time as it does in all wickedness on earth.

Thrilled as I am with horror when the bare name of Andersonville is mentioned, my heart is no less thrilled when I think of the innocebnt widow and orphan who see the cosntant specter of a husband and father on the gallows before them.

Fort he credit of the two Republics who gave birth and fortered this errant child, Henry Wirz, if in Your Excellency's judgment, tempered with the mercy of our Redeemer upont he cross, you can possibly spare this additional sacrifice of life, I beseech you to do so by commuting the senternce of Henry Wirz to solitary confinement for life. The harrowing thoughsts which must then constantly be his comapnions will inflict a greater and far more impressive penalty for any crimes he may be guilty of against fellow- man than death in his present condition.

Be assured, Your Excellency, that I plead fort he life of Wriz as I would for the man who had murdered by brother,a nd that whatever action you may take in the matter now I feel confident will be the result of prayerful thought and judgment sought at the throne of the Judge of Judges.

I ahve the honor to remain,your Excellency's most obedient servant, the consul- general of Switzerland,

JOHN HITZ.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

I have not been able to see you privately. I shall certainly not ask you to do anything whichis not right and proper. But still I beseech you to see me for bvut a few minutes. My well- known attachment toward yu lets me hope that yu eill not refuse me. Be so kind and permit me to see you.

LOUIS SCHADE.

