
unknown or unsuspected by him or his counsel,and fear an evasion of their jurisdiction by him, we offer on his part his open and faithful fulfillment of his parole already performed by him, and, if required, a good and sufficient bond of security for such a sum as you may deem sufficient,executed by a responsible party, separately or jointly with himself, that he will make no evasion to such call, but promptly surrender himself for trial. And finally, to remove all doubts, if any exist in your mind or the minds of others in authority, of the respectability and standing of the prisoner in the opinion of those who know him in his own county, I send a copy of a paper in the possession of your own officer, General Miles,and which is signed by many who have been the firm supporters of the Government in the late rebellion,and, as they are in their statements,that he is the last man,in their belief, to be guilty of inhumanity to prisoners in any way. I will state,in addition, that his duties were of a character, being those of a quartermaster, as not to bring him in personal contact with the prisoners at all. hoping, sir, that this subject will receive your prompt consideration and favorable action,

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM LINN BROWN,

Of Counsel for R. B. Winder.

[Sub- inclosure Numbers 1]

WASHINGTON, November 13, 1865.

Richard Bagley Winder,now a prisoner in the Capitol Prison, deposes and says:

I am a paroled prisoner of war. I was paroled as such on the 2nd day of May, 1865, at Augusta, by General Fry,under the convention between General William T. Sherman,of the U. S.forces,commanding, and General Joseph E. Johnston, of the C. S. Army. I therupon immediately came home to Accomac County,on the Eastern Shore of Viginia,where I was born, and reported myself as a paroled prisoner to John Sample, captain,commanding U. S . forces there,and lived there undisturbed until the 9th day of July, A. D. 1865, and on that day went before the provost- marshal and took and subscribed the oath required,and parole as a loyal citizen of the United States, and recieved a certificate of the same marked Numbers 3, duly certified and delivered to me and now in my possession, and I remained there unmolested and unquestioned as a paroled prisoner of war, having taken the oath of allegiance as above statedup to the 26th day of August, A. D. 1865. On that day, namely, on the 26th of August, last past, I was arrested by two officers of the U. S. Army, put in irons, and confined in the county jail, and remained incarcerated there until the 31st day of the same month, and on that day removed from the jail at Accomac and transported thence to the Old Capitol Prison,in the city of Washington, where I have ever since remained as a prisoner. From the time of my arrest up to the present time I have never been informed either by my captors (who protested to me at the time of my arrest that they knew nothing of the cause of my arrest) or any other person or persons, either officailly or otherwise, of the cause of my arrest or of any charge or charges made or to be made agaisnt me by the U. S. authorities. on the contrary, I have received communications from those holding official situations under the Government that upon inquiry on their part no charges were filed,as they can discover,againt me by the Government.

The deponent further avers that he is a married man and has several children now living requiring his presence and support, being under age,and also his property and estate require his personal attention, and his business, from which he derives the means for their support and education,is utterly prostrated by his incarceration as a prisoner. And the deponent further states,in conclusion, that the parole given to him as a prisoner and now in his possession reads as follows:

"The bearer, Richard B. Winder, is a paroled prisoner of the army commanded by General Joseph E. Johnston; has permission to got to his home and threre remain undistrubed, on condition of not taking up arms against the United States until properly relieved of the obligation of his parole."

And that he, the deponent, has faithfully kept his contract with the G	ovnerment of the United States,

and respectfully considers that the Govnerment of the United

