
States,having no charges against him, are bound to fulfill theirs to him by (without further delay) permitting him to return to his home and there remain undisturbed; and further the deponent saith not

R. B. WINDER,

Old Capitol Prison, Washington.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of November, A. D. 1865.

GEORGE R WALBRIDGE,

Captain and Military Superintendent, Old Capitol Prison.

[Sub- inclosure Numbers 2,]

ACCOMAC COURT- HOUSE, VA., Augsut 29, 1865.

General MILES:

SIR: While we know nothing of the connection of Richard B. Winder with the late prisons in Georgia or elsewhere, we take pleasure in indorsing him as a gentleman of high standing and of truth and veracity. until the breaking out of the war he was and now is a resident of this county.he was a man of wealth, and perticularly noted for his generosity, humane dispositon, and kind heart. We believe that he is the last man to be guilty of inhumanity or ill- treatment in any way to prisoners. We sincerly hope that he may be released from imprisonment.

GEORGE T. GARRISON,

Attorny at law

[And seventy others.]

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., November 14, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON, President United States:

If there is no question of jurisdiction in the way Davis can be indicted and tried in Indiana, as the rebel army, 5,000 strong, under the command of General Morgan,invaded the State. The court and grand jury are now in session,and if Davis will be sent here for trial (in case he is indicted) he will be indicted [sic]. There will be no difficulty in getting a jury that will do justice to the Govnerment and to Davis.

O. P. MORTON,

Governnor of Indiana.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Washington, D. C., November 14, 1865.

Governor O. P. MORTON, Indianpolis, Ind.:

Jurisdiction is one of the questions which has been much in our way. The place of trial must be determined herafter. if the court and jury find true bills agaisnt him, it would not interfere with a trial at any other place. Bills have been found against him at some two or three places in Tennessee, and in their District.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

NEW YORK, November 16, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

George Davis, late Attorney- Geenral of the so- called COnfederate States, ahs been delivered into my custody by Commander Conroy, of the U. S . Navy. What disposition shall I make of him!

ROBT. MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

