
rebel prisoners held by the authorities of the United States at Camp Douglas, and Rock Island, Ill., Camp Morton, Ind.,and Camp Chase, Ohio, and the Depot of Prisoners of War on Johnson's Island, and arm these prisoners with the arms thus seized, and that then said conspirators, with all the forces they were able to raise in the secret order above named, were,in conjunction with the rebel prisoners thus released and armed, to march into Kentucky and Missouri, and co-operate with the rebel forces to be sent to those States by the rebel authorities against the Government and authorities of the United States. This,on or about the 20th day of July, 1864, at a period of war and rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near the city of Chicago, Ill.,a State within the lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and threatened by invasion of the enemy.

CHARGE II: Affording aid and comfort to rebels against the authority; of the United States.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, being then members of a certain secret, unlawful society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of sons of Liberty-the United States being then in arms to suppress a rebellion in certain States against the authority of the United States-said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, Stephen Horsey, and others, then and there acting as members and officers of said secret, unlawful society or order,did design and plot to communicate with the enemies of the United States, and did communicate with the enemies of the United States,with the intent that they should in large force invade the territory of the United States, to wit: The States of Kentucky, Indiana, and Illinois, with the further intent that the so-called secret,unlawful society or order, aforesaid, should then and there co-operate with the said armed forces of the said rebellion against the authority of the United States and did communicate to said armed forces the intent and purposes of said secret, unlawful society or order. This, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near the city of Indianapolis, Ind.,a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, while had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemies of the United States. This, on or about the 16th day of May, 1864.

Specification 2.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, while the Government was attempting by force of arms to suppress an existing rebellion, while guerrillas and other armed supporters of the rebellion were in the State of Kentucky, did send a messenger and brother member, with them, of a secret, unlawful society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, into said State of Kentucky with instructions for Joshua F. Bullitt, grand commander of said secret, unlawful society or order,in said State, and other members of said secret society or order in said State, to select good couriers or runners to go upon short notice, and for the purpose of assisting those in rebellion against the United States, to call to arms the members of said secret society or order, and other sympathizers with the existing rebellion, whenever a signal should be given by the authorities of said secret society or order. This, on or about the 20th day of July, 1864, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 3.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, being citizens of the State of Indiana, United States of America, and owing true allegiance to the said United States, did join themselves to a certain unlawful secret society or order, known as the Order of American Knight, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, designed for the overthrow of the Government of the United States, and to compel terms with the citizens or authorities of the so-called Confederate States, the same being portion of the United States, and in rebellion against the authority of the United States, and did communicate the design and intent of said order to those in rebellion against the Government of the United States. This, on or about the 20th day of July, 1864, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

CHARGE III: Inciting insurrection.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey did, during a time of war between the United States and armed enemies of the United States, and of rebellion

