
faith. I therefore respectfully request that you will issue such orders as will secure a prompt return through your office to me of the deaths occurring at the different prisons within our lines, commencing with the quarter ending on the 31st day of December, 1864.

I will promptly transmit to your office the reports made by the Confederate authorities. Soliciting a reply,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel and U. S. Asst. Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
SPECIAL ORDERS, OFFICE COM. GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Numbers 12. Washington, D. C., January 16, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

X. In pursuance of instructions received at this office all prisoners of war held by the U. S. authorities in close confinement or in irons for prisoners held in like manner by the rebel authorities will be immediately released from the same and forwarded under proper guard to Fort Monroe, Va., and turned over to Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford, assistant agent for exchange. The commandants of the several prison stations are respectively charged with the execution of the order, in so far as it relates to prisoners of the class mentioned under their respective charge, and are requested to make prompt report to this office of the prisoners so disposed of.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners:

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL.,January 16, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding, Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending January 14, 1865:

Conduct--good. Cleanliness--proper attention paid to. Clothing--good with a few exceptions. Bedding--bunk and blanket. State of quarters--clean and comfortable. State of mess-houses--in an excellent condition. State of kitchen--clean and well conducted. Food, quality of--very good. Food, quantity of--sufficient. Water--good and sufficient. Sinks--are kept clean. Police of grounds--well conducted. Drainage--very good. Police of hospital--well conducted. Attendance of sick--receive excellent care and attention. Hospital diet--very good and sufficient. General health of prisoners--about 6 1/4 per cent. are sick, ten deaths during the week. Vigilance of guard--good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General and Insp. Officer.

