
given in this case by the authorized agents of the Government I will trouble you with no attempt at argument, but ask the interposition of your great influence and authority in favor of Mr. R. B. Winder.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 21, 1865.

In the absence of the Secretary of War respectfully referred to the President of the United States.

In my opinion the paroles given to the surrendered armies lately in rebellion against the Government should be held inviolate, unless in cases where all rules of civilized warfare have been violated, and in case of such charges an immediate trial should be had. I would respectfully recommend, therefore, that Captain Winder either have an immediate trial or that he be released on bonds for his appearance when called on for trial.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 23, 1865-1.35 p. m.

Major General J. B. STEDMAN, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of Georgia, Augusta, Ga.:

The President of the United States that A. G. Magrath and James A Seddon, prisoners confined in Fort Pulaski, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States, prescribed in the amnesty proclamation of President Johnson, and giving their paroles to remain, Magrath within the State of South Carolina and Seddon within the State of Virginia, and abide the orders of the President of the United States. Transportation will be furnished them accordingly. You will please report the receipt and execution of this order.

By order of the President:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Deposition of Farnum B. Wright, taken at the office of the Judge-Advocate-General on the 23rd of November, 1865.

The deponent being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

Question. What is your age and of what country are you a native?

Answer. I am thirty-two years of age and am a native of Glasgow, Nove Scotia.

Question. How long have you been in the United States?

Answer. I came into the United States in 1862; went South and engaged there in speculations.

Question. Were you at any time in the service of the so-called Confederate States; if so, how long and in what capacity?

Answer. I was from the early part of 1863 until August of that year in the service of the rebel General Winder at Richmond. My duties were to arrest deserters, spies, and other characters deemed dangerous to the so-called Confederate Government.

