
orders of the President of the United States. Transportation will be furnished him to his place of residence. You will please report the receipt and execution of this order and the place to which Colonel Lubbock proposes to go.*

By order of the President:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OLD CAPITOL, Washington, November 23, 1865.

GEORGE T. GARRISON, Accomac Court-House, Va.:

MY DEAR GEORGE: I have postponed answering your letter for a few days because I had hoped to be able to give you some favorable news, and entre nous I still have hopes. An application has been made to the Secretary of War for my release either unconditionally or by parole, giving ball, if it should be required. Yesterday I received a message from the Secretary saying that application had not been rejected and that they had the matter under consideration. I have good reasons for knowing that my case has been up before a meeting of the Cabinet and will again be up on to-morrow. Of course I cannot say what their decision will be, but my counsel, Mr. William Linn Brown, who is one of the counselors of the Supreme Court of the United States, thinks that it will be favorable. I yesterday gave him your address as well as Bunting's, and you will soon receive a letter from him in regard to my giving bail if it should be required. I have good reasons for knowing that there has been an order to convene a military commission to try me and I also know that the order has been suspended. Of all these matters I want you to keep a strict silence. In the meantime I want you without fail to have everything of mine removed both from-and Higgins. This, George, must be done at once. I have good reasons for it, which I will be able to give you when we meet. Please do not delay this matter a second, and write me at once that it has been done. I do not feel like writing this morning, but will give you a long letter shortly.

Your devoted friend.

R. B. WINDER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 24, 1865-5.30 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Grierson reports from Huntsville, Ala., the arrest of Frank B. Gurley, convicted of murdering General R. L. McCook, and sentenced to be hanged. (See General Court-Martial Orders, Numbers 505, of September 6, 1865, from Adjutant-General's Office.) On the 29th of August, 1865, the President ordered the sentence of death to be executed in this case. You will please see that it is done. Report receipt and execution.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For reports and correspondence relating to the capture and imprisonment of Lubbock, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Parts I and II.

---------------

52 R R-SERIES II, VOL VIII

