
a medium of communication between him and the outer world; that I will observe the strictest silence as to the interview, and avoid all modes of publication, not only as to what passes between us, but, if it be desired, even as to the fact of the visit itself.

Hoping that you may deem it consistent with the interests of the country to grant my petition, and assured that you will rejoice in every act of kindness with which you can relieve the weighter duties of your office, I sign myself with the highest respect.

Your obedient servant,

CHS. MINNIGERODE.

DECEMBER 1, 1865.

I do not see any objection to granting the foregoing request.

JAMES SPEED,

Attorney-General.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, December - 1865.

Referred to Adjutant-General to issue order of permission.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 29, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: By direction of the President of the United States the following prisoners will be sent under suitable guard without delay and delivered to the officers indicated for trial:

J. W. Duncan, to be delivered to Major-General Steedman, commanding Department of Georgia, for trial at Savannah; R. B. Winder, to Major General T. H. Ruger, commanding Department of North Carolina at Raleigh.

The Secretary of War directs that the Old Capitol Prison be immediately broken up and some other suitable place will be selected by you as a place of confinement for prisoners. You will please report for the Secretary's information the dates of departure of the prisoners Duncan, Winder, and Gee, and the execution of the order breaking up the Old Capitol Prison.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, December 2, 1865-3 p. m.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Richmond, Va.:

R. B. Winder has been sent, by direction of the President to Richmond to be reported to you for trial. The papers containing charges will be forwarded by mail as soon as received from the Judge-Advocate-General.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

