
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 2, 1865.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding Department of Georgia, Augusta, Ga.:

J. W. Duncan has been sent, by direction of the President, to Savannah to be reported to you for trial. The papers containing charges will be forwarded by mail as soon as received from the Judge-Advocate-General.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 2, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, New Orleans, La.:

Your letter of the 13th of November, reporting the arrest and confinement in Fort Jackson of Major Sackfield Maclin, Colonel P. N. Luckett, and Thomas J. Devine, is received. The copy of the oath you state as inclosed was not inclosed. Please forward it to this office.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., December 4, 1865.

General GRIERSON, Huntsville, Ala.:

Inclosed you will please find a copy of a petition which we respectfully ask you to forward to General G. H. Thomas Nashvilee, Tenn., the original of which I have sent forward to President Johnson, Washington, D. C.

Yours, respectfully,

JOSEPH C. BRADLEY.

[Inclosure.]

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., November 30, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States of America, Washington, D. C.:

The undersigned beg leave to show unto Your Excellency that Frank B. Gurley, late a captain in the rebel army, is, as they learn, sentenced to be hanged by the decision of a military commission, before whom he was tried on the charge, as they learn, of murdering General McCook in Madison County in 1862. They of course know nothing, and make no representations as to the facts proved on the trial of said matter. They beg leave to show that the said Gurley since the surrender has been at his house in this country, and that his demanor and avowed sentiments have all been loyal, and exhibit entire good faith in abiding by his amnesty oath. Mr. Gurley is not understood in this community to have been a bitter partisan; he was not an original secessionists, and is known to have rendered valuable assistance in arresting persucution of Union men for their political opinions. The under signed further show that they are and have been in the late rebellion honestly and from the heart devoted to the preservation of the Union,

