
and although some of the undersigned were at different periods of the rebellion within the Confederate lines and had to acts, under the force of military power and public opinion, to aid the rebel cause, yet they never entertained a hostile or malicious feeling against the United States Government, and hoped through the darkest hour of the rebellion for the perpetuity of the Federal Union as the only remaining hope for the continuance of a free or people's government on this continent, and that they candidly believe the execution of the said Gurley would have a tendency to retard the gravitation of popular sentiment, now, as we believe, advancing in a loyal attachment to the Union. They mercy to a people which the amnesty proclamation of Your Excellency exhibits ought to subdue the ferocity of the lion to the gentleness of the lamb.

We therefore sincerely beseech you that Frank B. Gurley may be spared as a monument to the gentleness and mercy of a magnanimous people, as showing to the world that they prefer that life should be spared when the public safety permits.

JOSEPH C. BRADLEY.

[And seventy-three others.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., December 4, 1865.

Application having been made by the Rev. Charles Minnigerode, of the city of Richmond, for premission to visit Jefferson Davis in Fortess Monroe as a spiritual adviser and for religious purposes, set forth in the letter of Mr. Minnigerode, dated November 28, 1865, addressed to the Secretary of War, it is ordered that such permission be granted for the purposes and subject to the engagements specified in the said letter.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., December 6, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a consolidated report of exchanged and paroled prisoners of war during the rebellion. This report has been compiled from a very large body of individual reports of officers and men, extending from a few in number to entire armies, which have been received from time to time since the beginning of the rebellion at the office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, which until very recently (except a few weeks while under the charge of General Wessells), has been under the charge of Brigadier General William Hoffman, under whose direction this report has been prepared, the undersigned claiming no part of the credit due for the industry and care employed in its preparation. It is but just to say that in the preparation of this report General Hoffman has received the valuable assistance of Major W. T. Hartz, assistant commissary-general of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commissary-General of Prisoners.

