
in very bad condition. I of course only signed bills of lading for the amount received and its condition. I inclose herewith a copy of my communication to General Maury in forwarding the bills of lading.* I forward by the schooner Highlander to Captain Perkins, assistant quartermaster, New Orleans, for transportation to me at New York, 170 bales (under the statement I sent you yesterday), and shall sail on the Atlanta for New York to day with 827 bales.

I have written Colonel Holabird and Captain Perkins at New Orleans definitely all the circumstances, requesting to have the cotton on the schooner forwarded to me at New York by first transportation. I stated to Colonel Holabird that you would probably write him in relation to the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK G. NOYES,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

RICHMOND, January 16, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Columbia, S. C.:

Has the construction of the military prison at Columbia been abandoned, and is not a new one being built? Answer fully.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 17, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

SIR: Brigadier-General Vance, or any other officer whom General Beall may select as his assistant, will be acceptable to the Confederate authorities.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 17, 1865.

[Major H. A. ALLEN, Fort Warren, Mass.:]

SIR: You will please discharge from Fort Warrent the officers and seamen that were captured in the insurgent steamer Florida on the expressed condition that they leave the United States within ten days after their liberation.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

NEW YORK, January 17, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The court ordered for the trial of Captain Beall, of the rebel service, as a spy met at Fort Lafayette this morning. Will commence their proceedings on Friday, two days having been given to him for preparation. He asks that Roger A. Pryor, a fellow-prisoner, may be allowed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

