
rebel Army, commanding post at Cahaba, Ala., or by his immediate orders; and that Jones, his adjutant, Lieutenant Robinson, and two soldiers of the rebel guard (P. B. Vaughn and Phenn Vaughn, jr.), who accompanied Jones and Robinson at the time, are jointly chargeable with Hanchett's death.

As the facts in the case are so few and simple it is thought tha no further investigation is necessary; and it is advised that the commander of the Department of Alabama be instructed to arrest, if practicable, all the parties and bring them to trial jointly upon a charge of murder in violation of the laws of war.

It seems that the arrest of the Vaughus may be readily effected. It is not stated where Robinson now is, but as it is represented that Jones arrest at that point. The trial should be had at Cahaba, Ala., where all or nearly all the material witnesses reside; and if it is found impracticable, after reasonable efforts made, to apprehend any one or more of the party, the others should, notwithstanding, be put upon trial.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 14, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War United States of America:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with the permission so promptly and generously granted by you I proceeded to Fortress Monroe on Saturday last (December 9). On Monday Major-General Miles afforded me the opportunity of visiting the prisoner, and I feel deeply obliged to you for the liberty extended to me of a full and free intercourse with Mr. Davis.

It will be gratifying to you to receive from me to statement, not only that I found him in improved health, but also the acknowledge his present confinement is of such a character as must answer the reasonable wishes of his friends and as reflects credit upon the Government which, whilst it feels bound to keep him in strict custody, shows its desire to avoid all unnecessary severity and relieve him as far as possible from personal annoyances.

The privilege you accorded to me I know to have been most highly appreciated by Mr. Davis, more so perhaps than any he has enjoyed heretofore. I was enabled to administer to him the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and it gives me infinite pleasure to say that never saw more respect paid to that sacred ceremony; a perfect and unbroken silence reigning through the whole building, not a step of the sentinels nor a breath of the officers in the adjoining from to interrupt the solemnity of the hour, and all appearing touched by its peculiar associations. I believe I can say without egotism that my visit has been productive of real good to the prisoner, and I am convinced that an occasional repettition of my visit would be both edifying to him and in perfect harmony with the humane vies of the Government.

Upon my inquiry of General Miles whether the permission granted by you would allow of a repetition of my visit he said that however glad he would be to admit me again he felt bound to construe my pass as being limited to this one visit and advised me to lay that question before you. I do so most respectfully, with the hesitation natural in any one who

