
does not wish to appear intrusive or exacting, and yet in the earnest hope that an occasional visit from his pastor, limited altogether to its religious and pastoral character (say once or twice a month if his confinement continues), may not militate against the views which will commend themselves to your judgment. I hardly need repeat the assurance which I gave before that I would in no way abuse the privilege, but I can add now that Mr. Davis himself perfectly understands the nature of my intercourse with him, and, as a man of honor, would not expect anything else from me.

If admit your many and urgent engagements you can find time to favor me with a reply or cause directions to be given me as to my petition involved in the above you will add to the obligation under which I truly feel myself to you.

With the highest respect, sir, your obedient servant,

CHS. MINNIGERODE.

STEAMER LOUISE,

En route from Mobile to New Orleans, December 17, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

SIR: I inclose a copy of a protest which will explain itself. This protest was handed by me to General Woods, commanding at Mobile, on the 16th instant, upon my leaving that city for Washington. As Commander-in-Chief (under the President) of the armies of the United States, and the commanding general under whose orders an authority General Sherman acted, I respectfully request that you will make known to the President of the United States the facts stated in the protest and ask to have my arrest, in violation of a solemn military capitulation annuled. I need not say to you that by the terms of the capitulation I am to be unmolested in person for any act of war committed anterior to the date thereof. In other words, General Sherman stipulated, with your consent and approbation, that so far as the molestation of person was concerned there ws to be on oblivion of all past acts of war. I have been arrested for my escape off Cherbourg, after my ship sunk from under me, and I was forced to leap into the seat for the preservation of life, and this escape, which I claim to have been legitimate, is charge against me as a violation of the usages of war. If it were such violation it was known to the Government nearly a year before the capitulation and was condoned by the capitulation itself. If the Government designed to proceed against me on this charge it should have refused to have regarded me as a prisoner of war, and should have withheld from me the benefit of General Sherman's convention. Having permitted me to participate in that convention, with full knowledge of the facts, it is estopped from "molesting" me. Reposing entire faith and confidence in the Government I have been peaceably residing at my hope for the space of seven months since the capitulation, and now I find myself arrested by military authority, in violation of its solemn compact.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RAPHEAL SEMMES,

Late Rear-Admiral, C. S. Navy.

[Inclosure.]

MOBILE, ALA., December 15, 1865.

SIR: On the 26th day of April, 1865, I was at Greensborough, N. C., in command of a naval brigade forming a part of the army of General

