
to act as his counsel. I think that it would be best on every account that his request should be granted; but as Pryor is a prisoner of war your permission seems to me necessary to warrant his appearance before the court in that capacity. If the permission is not given he will probably ask the court the allow him to employ leading counsel from this city.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., January 17, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 3rd instant, and of the letter of the Secretary of the Navy, referred on the 4th instant, in relation to the exchange of naval prisoners now held by the rebels in Texas. The authority given to exchange Admiral Buchanan removes the last difficulty in securing the exchange of these prisoners. I will at once communicate with General E. K. Smith, and hope soon to be able to report that they have been exchanged.

As the balance of prisoners of war in this command is now considerably in our favor, I should be gratified to receive authority to continue the exchange. The reasons that induced General Grant to interdict it do not obtain with our prisoners west of the Mississippi. We shall gain more by the return of our men than the rebels will by their equivalents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 30, 1865.

Respectfully transmitted to the Secretary of War, with a recommendation that General Canby's suggestions be approved.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 31, 1865.

Approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, January 17, 1865.

Brigadier General D. ULLMANN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Morganza, La.:

By direction of the major-general commanding you will please dispatch a flag of truce to the nearest outpost of the enemy toward Simsport bearing a certified copy of the following communication, addressed and to be forwarded by courier to Major Ig. Szymanski,

