
prisoners is without foundation. Correspondents are not allowed inside the fort. They gather rumors from enlisted men and citizens outside.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 13, 1866.

Major-General MILES, Commanding, Fort Monroe:

Your letter reporting employment of rebel soldiers in Fort Monroe Arsenal received. The Secretary of War orders their instant discharge, and that you attend personally to their discharge and immediate removal beyond limits of the public ground of Fort Monroe, and that on no account or pretense to be employed in or come inside of the limits of your post. Order Colonel Baylor to leave the arsenal in charge of the next officer and to proceed by first conveyeance to this city and report in person to the Adjutant-General. Report receipt and execution of this order.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, January 14, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram of last night received and acted on. Report will be forwarded by to-morrow's mail.

Very respecptfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,January 15, 1866.

Bvt. Major General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the prisoner Davis as well. Clay is comfortable, although suffering some from asthma. No mail was sent yesterday because of there being no communication between Baltimore and this place on Sundays. I have the honor also to report that all the employes in the arsenal at this point have been discharged and removed beyond the limits of the public ground.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE,

Washington, D. C., January 18, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 10th instant, referred by you to me for report, I have the honor to submit as follows:

In this resolution the Executive is requested to communicate to the House, if not incompatible with the public interests, such reports,

