
assistant agent of exchange, care of Major-General Buckner, Alexandria, La.:

NEW ORLEANS, LA., January 17, 1865.

Major IG. SZYMANSKI, Assistant Agent of Exchange, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: I have this morning received dispatches from Washington which inform me that all the prisoners of war of the Helena capture, of the Fort Butler capture, and of General Steele's capture were on the 30th ultimo ordered to be sent from the Northern stations where confined to this city for exchange under our cartel of July 28. They are, I presume, now en route for New Orleans and may be expected here within one week.

I am also enabled to inform you that Admiral Buchanan will be included in the exchange of naval prisoners, and will be delivered with his comrades captured in Mobile Bay immediately after the reception by me of the naval prisoners from Camp Ford.

Please to inform me when you can have the prisoners in exchange for the above at Red River Landing.

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent for Exchange.

You will please forward the copy of this communication, stating that it was received by telegraph.

I am, general,

C. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent for Exchange, &c.

OFFICE COM. General PRISONERS WEST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

January 17, 1865.

Colonel J. H. BAKER, Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: The recommendations in favor of transferring the military prisons in Saint Louis to the Palm Foundry, received from the provost-marshal general, have been submitted to Major General Halleck, chief of staff, and have not been approved by him. I think it very doubtful whether any change will be authorized unless it is clearly shown that the buildings which have been occupied up to this time are no longer tenable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Com. General, Prisoners West of the Miss.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, January 17, 1865.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The General Assembly of this State has authorized me to purchase $200,000 worth of cotton or tobacco and to make all possible efforts to ship the same in connection with the shipments of the Confederate Government for the relief of prisoners of war. This fund is intended to be additional to that which has been provided by the Confederate Government. In view of the great suffering and wants of our brave and noble soldiers now confined in Northern prisons, I am exceedingly anxious to effect the wishes of the General Assembly, and most respectfully request your co-operation.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

