
It is here to be added that it is expecte by this Bureau that the deposition of the companion of this witness, whose testimony is understood to fully corroborate that of the latter, will soon be obtained and filed in the case. In connection with the proof, just presented should also be considered the evidence, which has heretofore been produced, of atrocious acts in violation of the laws of war engaged in by this party in the interest and as the ahent of the rebellion; acts which, while illustrating his complicity in the culmating crime of the war, also furnish of themselves ample grounds for his trial by a military tribunal. This evidence, which relates principally to two classes of crimes, is, in substance, to the following effect:

1. As to his connection with guerrilla raids and schemes of rapine. The written orders of Seddon, the rebel Secretary of War, to Bennett H. Young, directing him to proceed to Canada and place himself under the direction of Thompson and Clay for special service, were put in proof upon the trial of the conspirators. It wasl also shown that Clay filled up and conferred upon Young a commission as lieutenant and personally superintended the preparations for the raid upon Saint Albans, Vt., which Young presently executed, and in the course of which robbery and arson and an indiscriminate plundering of the private property of unarmed citizens were freely indulged in. The official letter also in proof of Clay to J. P. Benjamin, so-called rebel Secretary of State, of November 1, 1864, shows that the brigandage of Young and his party was not only authorized, but fully approved by Clay, and his confidently urging it upon the rebel Government to assume the responsibility of this raid, and theor assuming it, and making provision for the defense of Young and his associates after their apprehension, as well as Clay's own action as their counsel upon the trial, are now facts of history. In this document Clay has presented an enduring record of the infamous character of the enterprise of Young:

He assumed me (he writes) before going on this raid that his efforts would be to destroy towns and farm-houses, not to plunder and rob; but he said if after firing a town he saw he could take funds from a bank or any house which might inflict injury on the enemy and benefit his own Government he would do so. My instructions to him, oft repeated, were to destroy whatever was valuable, not to stop and rob; but if after firing a town he could seize and carry off money or treasures or bank notes he might do so upon condition that they were delivered to the proper authorities of the Confederate States.

Again, he proposed to return to the Confederate States via Halifax, but passing through the New England States and burning some towns and robbing them of whatever he could convert to the use of the Confederate Government. "This, adds Clay, "I approved as justifiable retaliation." It certainly requires no argument to show that this approval on the part of a rebel leader and accredited agent of the enemy's Government was a cartle-blanche to Young to proceed at his will through our territory in the character of a guerrilla, assassin, and robber, as well as spy, and, assured of the sanction of his chief, to perpetrate any act, however diabolical, of treacherous villainy. But it was not merely the crimes executed or purchased by Young which were stimulated and approved by Clay. The whole business of organizing raids upon the frontier seems to have been mainly in his hands, and there is little doubt that the repeated contemplated incursions of rebel bandits upon the territory of States nearest to the Canadian frontier, which were only prevented by the constant vigilance of our military commanders and by the prompt trial and conviction by military commission of not a few of those concerned in these plots, were inspired

