
in his treason as were they. In the position, however, in which he was placed - one of high State authority - he doubtless did all in his power to suppoer the rebellion.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

JANUARY 18, 1866.

Since the foregoing report was prepared the original letter to Finegan, of 7th Janaury, 1861, together with the resolutions which accompanied it, has been recovered by the Government and is now in the possession of this Bureau. Both the letter and resolutions are in the handwriting of D. L. Yulee, and, as in the case of his letter of 5th January, 1861, the envelope inclosng them bears the U. S. postal stamp and the frank of the writer, thus showing that this Senator not only conspired against the Government while occupying his seat in the Capitol, but was actually treacherous enough to oblige that Government to become the unconscious bearer of the very dispatches which sought its own ruin. There have also been brought to light certain dispatches of S. R. Mallory, found in the State archives at Tallahassee, which were sent by him from Washington to the Governor of Florida, and by the latter laid before the convention by which the ordinance of secession was passed. The following are accurate copies of these papers;

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 6, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE FLORIDA CONVENTION;

I send for the information of the convention the resolutions passed by a meeting of Southern Senators of last evening.*

S. R. MALLORY.

These telegrams establish conclusively that Mallory was actively co-operating with his colleague Yulee and the other conspirators named in the treasonable consultations and action then in progress at Washington, and in the arrangements then made for theviolent seizure of the U. S. forts in Florida. One point present in the correspondence deserves to be noticed, which is the confidence felt by both these conspirators that Chase, who has been educated by the United States, and while serving with its Army in the Engineer Corps had built the fort proposed to be captured, would, like themselves, readily use for the overthrow of the Government the information which he had acquired in its service and as its confidential agent. They did not at all mistake their man, as subsequent events fully proved.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

Since the preparation of the foregoing an additional letter, addressed by D. L. Yulee to the rebel Governor Pickens, of South Carolina, under date of 20th of July, 1861, has been placed in my hands. It is wholly in the handwriting of the said Yulee, and it is believed to have been found by our soldiers on the occasion of the capture of Columbia, S. C. The following is a copy of this letter:

FERNANDINA, July 20, 1861.

Governor F. W. PICKENS, Columbia:

MY DEAR SIR: I give this to my friend Colonel Finegan as an introduction. I wish to ask you to do a favor to the State, which will in this case be also a favor to me. Colonel F[inegan] is arranging for a legion to serve during the war. I am anxious

---------------

* Omitted here; see Series I, Vol. I, Yulee to Finegan, p. 433, and Perry to McGehee, p. 444.

---------------

