
that Florida should be fully and well represented in the field. Our State is very much without armament and without much means in the treasury. What I wish to ask you to do is to let Florida have, as a great favor, a battery of field artillery for a company of his legion. It could be loaned either to the State or Confederacy for the purpose.

With kind regards to Mrs. P. and and cordial remembrances to yourself,

I am, yours truly,

D. L. YULEE.

The earnest and traitorous appeal of this letter for arms with which to make war upon the Government, added to the telegrams and other letters hereinbofore quoted, shows how utterly false are the declarations made by Yulee in his memorial for pardon to the President, that he did not leave his seat in the COngress of the United States to aid the rebellion, and that he did not, in fact, aid it, and that he had not been connected with and did not participate in the civil or military actionof the Confederate Government. A case so fully made out by the written avowals of this conspirator is not believed to require any further comment on the part of this Bureau.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,January 18, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the health of the prisoner Davis as good as usual to-day, excepting that he complains a little of neuralgia. C. C. Clay, with the exception of his nervousness, is well.

I found eight enlisted men of the Fifth U. S. Artillery (statione at this post) who had been in the rebel service and sent them to Williamsburg, Va., on detached duty. The ordering of persons of that class away was the occasion of some sensation, which is not surprising in a place of this kind, deprived of other news matter.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Deposition of Campbell Montgomery, taken at the office of the Judge-Advocate-General, in the City of Washington, on the 18th of January, 1866.

The deponent, being duly sworn, deposes as follows, viz:

Question. Where do you reside?

Answer. I reside at Detroit, Mich.

Question. Are you acquaintained with Clay. He was pointed out to me by James Ford from Kentucky. I afterward saw him again at Windsor, some twelve days after the assassination of President Lincoln.

