
Question. Do you think you would be able to recognize him were you to see him again?

Answer. I think I should. It is proper to state that when I saw him the second time, as mention above, he was pointed out to me by George Young, a rebel refugee from Missouri, then in Canada.

C. MONTGOMERY.

Sworn and acknowledged at Washington, D. C., this 18th of January, 1866, before me.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Notary Public.

Deposition of Ansel Byron Graham, taken at the same time and place.

The deponent, being sworn, deposes and says:

Question. Where do you reside?

Answer. I reside at Windsor, Canada West.

Question. Have you ever known Clement C. Clay, referred to in the foregoing deposition of Mr. Montgomery; if so, when and where?

Answer. I was instroduced to said Clement C. Clay at Windsor, Canada West, in the month of February, 1865, and I then had a slight conversation with him. It was in relation to the extradition of Burley, the so-called Lake Erie pirate, who hadd been surrendered to the United States by the Canadian authorites. Mr. Clay condemened the action of the authorities in making the surrender. He had previously, in the fall of 1864, been pointed out to me, but I did not then make his accquaitance.

Question. Would you be able to recognize him were you to see him again?

Answer. I feel sure that I would.

Question. Do you know in what business Clay was engaged when you saw him in fall of 1864?

Answer. I have no personal knowledge, but from information received deemed entirely reliable I belived that at that particular time he was having purchases of revolvers made through a gunsmith at Windsor.

ANSEL BYRON GRAHAM.

Sworn and acknowledged at Washington, D. C., this 18th of January, 1866, before me.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Notary public.

Deposition of James Merrill, taken at the same time and place.

The deponent, being dulysworn, says:

Question. Where do you reside?

Answer. I reside at Toronto, Upper Canada.

Question. Have you known Clement C. Clay, referred to in the foregoing depositions of Messrs. Montgomery and Graham? If so, please state when and where and under what circumstances.

Answer. Somewhere about the 13th or 14th of April, 1865, I met him on the side-walk, coming from the Queen's Hotel, in Toronto, Canada. I did not know the peson who was with him. On the 15th of April, 1865, I saw him again in Toronto. He was then in company with John H. Cameron, then passport agent. I had no personal acquaintance with Mr. Clay, but he was pointed out tome by prominent citizens of Toronto. It was at the time a subject of much conversation in Toronto

