
been detained at all; but be that as it may, there is no purpose to hold him in custody. Major-General Withers reports that he is not in his custody. I hope, therefore, that orders will immediately issue for the release of Mr. Clay and his companion. If Judge Humphreys is not now at liberty, he will be released as soon as directions to that effect can be given to the proper authority.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, January 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD,

Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: As we have agreed to relieve from close confinement or irons, as the case may be, and deliver all prisoners heretofore or now so held on either side, I beg leave to call your attention to the cases which have been brought to the notice of the Confederate authorities.

Your letter of the 10th of September last gave only a very partial list of the Confederate soldiers who were so held. In addition to those named therein are the following, viz:

Private George P. Simms, Private W. S. Burgess, Private John Marr, Private Thomas M. Campbell, Captain D. G. Douglas, Captain Davis, Captain Smith, Captain Miller, and Lieutenant A. C. Smith, Nineteenth Tennessee, at Johnson's Island; Captain James P. Brown, Tennessee cavalry; First Lieutenant R. J. Brailsford, First Texas Legion; First Lieutenant R. H. C. Bailey, Foster's cavalry, and First Lieutenant A. W. Dozier, Sixth South Carolina Cavalry, at Fort Delaware.

The last four named officers were reported to me by General Butler on the 18th of July last as being "in cells."

Major Mills and Lieutenant Davis, at Fort Delaware; Private Philip Trammell, Private John H. Barnes, Private J. R. H. Embert, Private Braxton Lyon, Private Samuel B. Hearn, Private Samuel Cooper, Private C. McDonnell, and Private Ro. Harrover, Albany penitentiary; Private Jacob S. Dyer, Private Daniel H. Wherret, Second Kentucky Cavalry; Private Albert W. Cushman, Colonel John H. Winston, and Captain Joseph Melton, Alton penitentiary; Captain Frank B. Gurley, Lieutenant Mosely, and Lieutenant Bridges, Nashville; Captain Compton, Fort McHenry; Private John R. Guthwright, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, Cincinnati; Surg. D. D. Carter, Fort Lafayette; Captain Glover and three privates, Chattanooga; Lieutenant John H. Yerby, Lieutenant Casteel, Lieutenant Thomas, Private Thomas [A.] Quarles, Private Thomas Stoneham, and Private John [G.] Smith, Helena jail; Captain J. B. Castleman, Camp Morton; Captain Gustave A. Huwald and Captain Reynolds, Sixty-fourth North Carolina (in iron cage), Knoxville; Lieutenant C. D. Burbridge, Gratiot Street Prison, Saint Louis; Private A. A. Williams, Maryland cavalry, and Private Hiram P. Richardson, Maryland cavalry, Fort Warren; Corpl. F. M. Armstrong, Sixteenth Missouri, Saint Louis; Lieutenant Gandy and Private George Dusky, Wheeling; Colonel J. D. Morris and Major T. Steele, Lexington.

All of the above-named parties are either in close confinement or in irons. It may be that some of them are not now at the place indicated. You may, however, rest assured that they have been there at some time, and if transferred you can readily find out where they are. I am quite confident you will find quite a number in irons or close confinement at Alton, at Saint Louis, and in Tennessee and Kentucky.

