
belonging to Federal prisoners; invoice of watches belonging to Confederate prisoners; statement of moneys belonging to Confederate prisoners, together with the original letters in which the remittances were forwarded; voucher for 311 private packages addressed to prisoners of ar turned over to officers of the Freedman's Bureau, Richmond, Va., by authority of the Secretary of War, for benefit of destitute contrabands; receipt of Christian &amp; Lea, Richmond, Va., for tobacco placed in their charge belonging to rebel prisoners. I transmit herewith receipt for moneys, watches, and valuables forwarded by you to this office. There is a slight difference between the amount of funds received and your invoice. See duplicate of invoice herewith returned with accompanying receipt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 29, 1866.

CHRISTIAN & LEA, Commission Merchants, Richmond, Va.:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor, by direction of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, to request that the tobacco placed in your hands by General Mulford on account of late rebel prisoners may be sold at auction at once and the proceeds transmitted to this office. Report sales by name, with amount accruing from sale of each package. It was expected that this would have been done under the direction of General Mulford, but as he has turned the property over to your charge it is requested that it may be disposed of as above directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Brevet Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, January 30, 1866.

Major General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

From the best information I can get they are not going to serve the writ of habeas corpus on General Hooker, but issue it to be served on the commanding officer of Fort Lafayette in the case of Charles H. Cole, confined at this post as having connection with an attempt to release the prisoners of war at Johnson's Island on the lakes. Will the Department of War have me obey the writ or hold the prisoner? Please answer.

MARTIN BURKE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, January 30, 1866.

Bvt. Brigadier General MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor:

In reply to your telegram of this date relative to Charles H. Cole, the Secretary of War directs that you obey the writ and take the prisoner into court.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

