HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,January 30, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report no change in the health of the prisoners Davis and Clay since yesterday's report.

I forward letter from Davis to his wife, which he desires may be forwarded, as also the parole of the Rev. Charles Minnigerode, who is expected here next Thursday.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, January 27, 1866.

I, Charles Minnigerode, D. D., of Richmond, Va., do hereby pledge my word of honor as a gentleman and Christian minister that in all the visits I am permitted to make to Mr. Jefferson Davis at Fortress Monroe, Va., I will confine myself to ministerial and pastoral duties, exclusive of every other object; that I will in no way be a medium of communication between the said Davis and the outer world; that I will observe the strictest silence as to the interviews, and will avoid all modes of publication, not only as to what passes between us but as to the fact of the visits themselves.

CHS. MINNIGERODE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 30, 1866.

Major General N. A. MILES,

Commanding District of Fort Monroe, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: Upon the recommendation of Surg. George E. Cooper, forwarded in your communication of the 22nd instant, the Secretary of War directs that the amount of $36 per month be allowed from the rebel prison fund for furnishing the prisoners Davis and Clay with such food as they require and for payment of the laundresses who do their washing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PRIVATE.]

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: Please receive my thanks for permission transmitted to me through Mr. Attorney-General Speed to go to Canada. But before I proceed there will you reconsider your decision not to permit me to see my husband. He is suffering and wretched. I fear an utter failure of his health if kept long in the state in which he now is. I have never desired to be either defiant or rude to you, but have greatly suffered, and perhaps may have appeared both in my unstudied expressions.

Will you exert your great power and exercise this clemency to me, the most helpless and wretched of all those over whom you rule? I look to you for protection and aid, in common wit the people of our Southern country. I cannot feel that you will refuse it. May I hope

