
once more to sit near my sick husband? I cannot do anything for him in his great peril and agony but speak to him of my love and despair. Will you not let me do this? Neither is he nor am I responsible for the silly efforts for his escape, which are alleged to have been on foot, and which I deprecate as much as any one. Then do not, Mr. President, let me be the helpless sufferer. I will take any parole, do anything, if you will only let me see him. Will you not? I pray God daily to spare you for a long life. May I not hope that you will permit me to thank God for your clemency also?

With the hope that you will grant my prayer, offered with tears enough to float it to you if they were as many as the throbs of agony which bring them forth, I am, sir, regretful of the past, if in it I have unqittingly offended you.*

Very respectfully and prayerfully, yours,

VARINA DAVIS.

Mr. President, please decide this matter yourself. For the love of God and his merciful Son do not refuse me. Let me go to him and admire and bless you name every hour of my life.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., February 1, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward inclosed the report of Surgeon Cooper concerning the state prisoners Davis and Clay.

Davis exercises outdoors one hour a day, but hereafter, on recommendation of his surgeon, he will be allowed more time.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., January 31, 1866.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Military District of Fort Monroe, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I would respectfully report that the state prisoners Jeff. Davis and C. C. Clay, in confinement here, are in about their usual health. Jeff. Davis, during the past week, has suffered more than usual from dyspeptic symptoms, and at one time gave indications of an attack of acute gastritis. He is to-day relieved and continues as heretofore. He requires more exercise than he takes, as his disease is more the result of confinement than anything else.

C. C. Clay has had two or three slight attacks of asthma during the past week, but seems to be better than usual. Exercise in his case, too, is necessary.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

---------------

* This communication is without date, but see Speed to Mr. Davis, January 23, p. 870.

---------------

