
Deposition of Robert B. Barber.

Question. What is your full name and where do you reside?

Answer. My name is Robert Burt Barber and I reside at present in Windsor, Canada West.

Question. Do you know Clement C. Clay, of Alabama?

Answer. I am quite well acquainted with him and have known him for several years.

Question. Did you ever see and know him in Canada?

Answer. I have seen him a number of times in Canada, both at Windsor and suspension Bridge, or Clifton, Canada West.

Question. Did you see Clement C. Clay at any time in Canada in 1865?

Answer. I saw him and talked with him on the cars between Toronto and Hamilton on the 6th day of March, 1865.

Question. What means have you of knowing that it was in March that yo saw him in Canada?

Answer. I was married on Sunday, the 5th of March, and the next day after my marriage I went with my wife to Hamilton and to London, Canada West, and on the trip from Toronto Mr. Clay congratulated me upon my marriage.

Question. Have you seen him since that time?

Answer. I have not. I went to Saint Paul, Minn., the following week after I was married and remained until December, 1865, and came back to Windsor to spend the winter.

Question. Do you think that you could ideltify Mr. Clay if you should see him?

Answer. I am very confident that I could.

R. B. BARBER.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 1st day of February, A. D. 1866.

D. R. BROWN,

Deputy Clerk, Wayne County, Mich.

Deposition of Albert H. Ross.

Question. What is your full name and place of residence?

Answer. Albert H. Ross, full name; reside in Montreal, Canada East, when at home.

Question. Where have you been for the past four years?

Answer. Have been engaged as a clerk of the Hyrons House in Windsor, Canada West, most of the time for the past four years.

Question. Do you know Clement C. Clay, of Alabama?

Answer. I do. I have seen him several times at Windsor in the summer of 1864. He visited the Hyrons House very frequently with Colonel Steel and others.

Question. Did you see him at Windsor or in Canada in the year 1865?

Answer. I saw him a number of times in Windsor in the month of March, 1865.

Question. What means have you of knowing that it was in the month of March that you saw C. C. Clay in Windsor?

Answer. I quiet clerking at the Hyrons House in January, 1865, and commenced boarding at the Hyrons House in March following, and only boarded there until

