
Sworn before me at the city of Toronto, in Upper Canada, the 2nd day of February, in the year of our Lord 1866.

S. HEYDEN,

CLERK OF THE CROWN AND PLEAS.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, February 5, 1866.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.;

SIR: I have to state that I allowed the writ of habeas corpus in the case of Charles H. Cole to be served on me this day, and that I have to present him in the City Hall at the court-house in Brooklyn on the 10th instant at 9 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.

Deposition of Sarah Douglass, taken at the office of the Bureau of Military Justice, in the city of Washington, on the 6th day of February, 1866.

The deponent, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

Question. Where do you reside and of what State are you a native?

Answer. I am a native of Virginia and have resided in Canada since the summer of 1864.

Question. Are you acquainted with Clement C. Clay, of Alabama; if so, where and under what circumstances have you know him?

Answer. I first met Clement C. Clay at the Clifton House, Niagara Falls, in the summer of 1864.

Question. State what conversation you then had with him, or head him have with others, in regard to the purpose of the rebels to take the life of President Lincoln.

Answer. Mr. Clay at the time mentioned came into the parlor at the Clifton House, where I was sitting, and a Mr. Stone, as i now recollect, who was from the South, asked him if he had any good news, and if he had secured a place yet, referring, as I understood it, to the informal conferences which were then believed to be going on at the Falls. Mr. Clay replied that he had got a piece of Yankee impudence. Mr. Stone asked how was that. Mr. Clay answered: "Father Abraham says if we will abandon slavery and everything else we can then come to Washington and talk about peace." One of the ladies present then spoke, saying: "Mr. Clay, do you then abandon the idea of securing peace?" He replied: "It looks very dark now, but we will make one more effort, and if he does not make peace with us he had better make peace with Heaven, for we will carry the war into the White House." Mr. George N. Sanders then entered the parlor and called Mr. Clay out and the conversation was not continued.

My next meeting with Mr. Clay was at Toronto, Canada, at our own house, which my husband and myself had taken and occupied, a little out of the town. Our house was a sort of headquarters for the Confederates, where they met and discussed their plans for raids and other hostile acts against the United States. One evening when several Confederates were there engaged in their customary discussions Mr. Clay remarked to them that the plan they were then discussing would do very well as fat as it went; that it would be easy enough to put old Abe out of the way, but that it was necessary to make a clean sweep of it and clear out the Cabinet and General Grant and the rest. No other plan, he said, was worth a song. This was in November, 1864. Some days afterward he called again at our house and wished to see my husband, who happened to be absent. I asked him what news he had. He

