
answered he had none except from Georgia, and that was very bad. I said, "I am tired and sick of the war and wish it was over." He answered, "It will soon be over' for it the boys carry on their war as bravely in Washington as they expect they will soon put an end to it." I replied that I did not like the idea of my husband being engaged in any such business as that, and that if he was to fight I would rather he would go and fight bravely in the field, and added that I did see how a small body of men could go to Washington and attack Mr. Lincoln and his Cabinet and escape with their lives. Mr. Clay answered, "That will be easy enough, if they act bravely, for they will be taken by surprise and not looking for such a thing, and before they would recover from the surprise of the attack our friends would escape, and besides," he said, "even if they were captured they would only be treated as prisoners of war." He further stated that Lincoln would hang us - meaning, as I understood, the leaders of the rebellion - as dogs if he could catch us, and that he did not think there was any more harm in our taking his life than there would be in his taking ours. He added that the Yankee spies had already attempted to destroy President Davis and family by burning their house, and he had reason to believe that this was done by Lincoln's order, and he argued that this alone would justify them in what they were proposing to do. I expressed the opinion that it was not a very brave act to kill persons in this way in the dark without giving them any warning, but he insisted that it was right to kill such scoundrels in any way that it could be done. My husband then came in and he and Mr. Clay went away together I saw Mr. Clay subsequently but had no conversation with him.

SARAH DOUGLASS.

Sworn and acknowledged at Washington, D. C., this 5th February 1866, before me.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Notary Public.

Deposition of Mary Knapp, taken at the office of the Bureau of Military Justice on the 6th day of February, 1866.

Being duly sworn, the deponent states as follows:

Question. Where do you reside and of what State are you a native?

Answer. I am a native of Maryland and have resided for several years at Kingston, Canada.

Question. Have you known Clement C. Clay; and if so, when and where, and under what circumstances?

Answer. I was instroduced to Mr. Clement C. Clay at the house of Mrs. Sarah Douglass at Toronto, Canada, in November, 1864. It was on the occasion of his calling for the purpose of seeing Mr. Douglass, as mentioned by Mrs. Douglass in her deposition just given in this office. Mr. Douglas was not at home, and Mr. Clay remaining, a conversation took place in my hearing between him and Mrs. Douglass. This conversation is remembered by me with entire distinctness and is truthfully set forth as it occurred, in the deposition of Mrs. Sarah Douglas referred to, and which has been taken in my presence and hearing.

MARY KNAPP.

Sworn and acknowledged at Washington, D. C., this 5th February, 1866, before me.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Notary Public.

Deposition of William H. Carter, taken at the office of the Bureau of Military Justice on the 9th day of February, 1866.

The deponent, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

Question. Of what country are you a native and where do you reside?

Answer. I am a native of Virginia and have been sojourning in Canada for Several years, where I now reside.

