
I also understand there are 100 of Colonel Adam R. Johnson's men and some 25 of Morgan's, embracing three or four officers who are now held, at Louisville not as prisoners of war.

Let me again earnestly commend this whole subject to your attention. If we can succeed in relieving all prisoners of war, on both sides, from a cruel confinement, we will have accomplished a good deal in the cause of humanity. I am ready to deliver all whom we have in close confine ment or in irons at any moment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

MORGANZA, January 18, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES C. DWIGHT:

After an unsuccessful attempt on the Simsport road I succeeded this afternoon in having your dispatch to Major Szymanski delivered on the Fordoche road to Bart Johnson, Captain Third Arkansas, C. S. Army.

DANL. ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

J. M. Aiken, Forty-third Tennessee Cavalry, application to be exchanged.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 18, 1865.

Returned to Adjutant and Inspector General.

This class of cases depends upon the same principles that govern the others. The Federal theory, based upon their General Orders, Numbers 207, 1863, is that prisoners are to be kept in possession and delivered by flag of truce at some point previously agreed upon by competent contracting parties. If through choice or necessity paroled parties are released in any other way, the parole is made null and void. The parole exacted by General Stoneman has been declared by the general orders of his Government illegal and void. We have been compelled to adopt this rule, though denouncing its propriety in the first instance. The alternative of sending a Federal officer in no respects alters the case. These parties are fee in honor and conscience to return to duty immediately. They are safe even according to Federal standards. They need not fear their safety in the event of capture.

[RO. OULD.]

Edward A. Pollard, asking that Richardson, correspondent of Tribune, be given in exchange for him.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 18, 1865.

Returned to Mr. Pollard.

I am compelled by a sense of duty to decline the proposed exchange. I have already refused to exchange Richardson for a half dozen different-named parties. It would be unjust to them if a proposal heretofore declined were accepted now. We have all alone held that the arrest and detention of non-combatants should be determined by rule, and that the principle of exchange, man for man, should not be applied to them. And further, whenever the fortunes of war threw a prominent

