
Question. Are you acquainted with Clement C. Clay, of Alabama? If so, state when and where, and under what circumstances you have known him.

Answer. I am acquainted with him; have known him for several years in Canada.

Question. What knowledge, if any, have you of any conspiracy or enterprise formed in Canada during the late rebellion for the purpose of taking the lives of Abraham Lincoln and his Cabinet, and other high officers of the United States Government? Set forth fully all you may known in regard to any such enterprise, and to the connection, if, any, of Clement C. Clay therewith.

Answer. I was, in the month of November, 1864, at a private house in Toronto, Canada, with my friend John McGill and Captain Kennedy, who I saw from the public papers was subsequently hanged in New York. He was known to be and professed to be in the service of the so-called Confederate States. In the course of our conversation, and in reference to what had been previously said between us on the subject, Captain Kennedy proposed that we should go down to the Queen's Hotel and see Clement C. Clay. We accordingly went down and met there Clement C. Clay, with several other men who were personally unknown to me. After some time Clay came out of the room in which he was, with the persons named and with Captain Kennedy, who had joined them, and was introduced to us by Kennedy, who represented us as persons who were their friends and were out to enter into their enterprise. This enterprise, as it was understood between us, was the taking of the lives of Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, and his Cabinet. General Grant may also have been spoken of as one who was to be put out of the way, as he was very often mentioned by the Confederates in Canada as one who should be taken off which the President and Cabinet, but whether on the particular occasion referred to he was spoken of I cannot now certainly state. Mr. Clay said, on our being introduced, that he was glad we were going to enter into the business, but that it was a very risky business, and that if we did not succeed we might be hung. He said if we succeeded and returned to Canada we would be rich men. While we were conversing together - Clay, Captain Kennedy, McGill, and myself - either Clay or Kennedy, I cannot now certainly recall which, remarked to us that if we succeeded in washing our hands in the blood of the "Monkey Abe" and his Cabinet we would be heroes. When about separating Mr. Clay gave us $10 each to help meet our expenses.

W. H. CARTER.

Sworn and acknowledge at Washington, D. C., this 9th February, 1866, befor me.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Notary Public.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,February 7, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report prisoners Davis and Clay well to-day. Inclosed please find Surgeon Cooper's weekly report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., February 7, 1866.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Military District of Fort Monroe, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I would respectfully report that the prisoners of state Jeff. Davis and C. C. Clay are in their usual health.

