
should require while North. When we reached here we found that come of the parties had left the points indicated for them to remain at and could not be found. Several others we learned had been arrested and imprisoned; and the situation or position of the armies had so changed that we found it impossible to carry out plans and finally we abandoned the project. Lamar returned to Richmond, but I had enough of the Confederacy [and] proceeded north to Canada.

JOHN H. PATTEN.

Sworn and acknowledged at Washington, D. C., this 24th of February, 1866, before me.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Notary Public.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 26, 1866.

Bvt. Major General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In compliance with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 269, from the Adjutant-General's Office, dated October 11, 1864, I have the honor to transmit herewith the following unclaimed funds and valuables belonging to rebels who have been held as prisoners of war, the same having been turned over to this office by Bvt. Brigadier General John E. Mulford, U. S. agent for exchange, in pursuance of instructions contained in Special Orders, Numbers 6, dated War Department, January 6, 1866, viz: U. S. Treasury and national bank notes, $1,858.80; package said to contain gold and silver, $33.60; package said to contain, in Northern and Southern State bank notes, $424; box containing 66 watches. Duplicate invoices, with receiptes, are herewith inclosed; also a statement giving names of rebels, late prisoners of war, to whom the funds above mentioned belong, with the amounts and character of funds due each one specified opposite their respective names.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commissary-General of Prisoners.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 26, 1866 - 12 m.

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS, Crawfordville, Ga.:

Your letter of the 5th instant just received. The parole heretofore granted you is hereby amended so as to permit you to visit Washington, D. C., and such other places in the United States as your business may render necessary, subject to the conditions imposed in said parole.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,February 28, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report prisoners J. Davis and C. C. Clay, jr., well as usual, and inclose report of Surgeon Cooper, U. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

