
know where he was during the time, and would be instantly informed if he went or war taken out of the fort. This he declined to accept, stating he considered it as doubting his honor after he had voluntarily surrendered himself to the Government. As he did not surrender to me, but was sent as a prisoner, and as such I am held accountable for, I do not feel authorized in assuming that responsibility. Should he had the liberty of the fort on his parole I should feel confident it would be considered sacred.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 19, 1866 - 4.30 p. m.

Major General N. A. MILES, Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Monroe, Va.:

Clement C. Clay, jr., will be permitted to have the liberty of Fort Monroe daily from sunrise to sunset upon his giving his parole of honor in writing not to leave the limits of the said fort, or to make any attempt to escape from custody, or to do or perform any act that may be hostile or detrimental to the interests of the Government of the United States. Please acknowledge receipt and report action taken.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE,

Washington, D. C., March 20, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report in the cases of Jefferson Davis and Clement C. Clay (rebels) as supplementary to the previous reports rendered by me therein and made proper to be presented by the new and important testimony recently adduced:

I. In the case of Davis there has been added the deposition of John H. Patten, a witness of unusual intelligence and entirely reliable. In this deposition, the body of which is in his own handwriting, he sets forth the particulars of two interviews which he had with Davis in the summer of 1863, at which was discussed the plot then pending to seize President Lincoln and convey him to Richmond, with the understanding that he was at once to be put death in case his rescue were attempted. It was at one of these occasions that there was present also the witness Wright. The substance of those statements is set forth in my report of 18th of January last. The testimony of Patten shows even more fully than that of Wright that this plot, which was really one of assassination under the pretext of a capture, was directly authorized and ordered by Davis, whose language at each interview is recited; and also that he gave specified directions as to the manner in which the scheme was to be executed, and proceeded to justify it as in accordance with the laws of civilized warfare. This testimony, while most important of itself, affords also a striking support of the proof, detailed in the report of January 18, in regard to the authorization by Davis of the subsequent plot of the next year, which actually resulted in the death of President Lincoln.

