
State prisoner C. C. Clay has been troubled with diarrhea during the past week; is much weakened in consequence, and on yesterday was scarcely able to walk around, and at night was much prostrated. This morning he seems decidedly improved, and I have no doubt but that he will recuperate under his extended limits.

I would respectfully recommend that the outdoor exercise of prisoner Davis be more fully indulged in, and that some arrangement be made to prevent the noise caused by the constant tramp of the sentinels, which seems to irritate his nervous system.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 24, 1866.

CHRISTIAN, LEA &amp; CO., Richmond, Va.:

GENTLEMEN: By direction of the Commissary-General of Prisoners I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at this office of report of sale of tobacco on account of rebel prisoners; also a check of net proceeds of the sale in the amount of $851.09.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Brevet Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 25, 1866 - 8.35 p. m.

Major General J. M. BRANNAN, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of Georgia, Augusta, Ga.:

You are directed to discharge from custody D. L. Yulee, now confined at Fort Pulaski, upon his giving his parole to go to the State of Florida and remain within the limits thereof, reporting his address monthly to the Adjutant-General of the Army, and to hold himself ready to abide the orders of the President of the United States, and to answer any charges which may be preferred against him, until further orders.

By order of the Secretary of War;

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 25, 1866 - 12.20 p. m.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Richmond, Va.:

You are directed to discharge from custody R. S. McCulloh, now confined in Richmond, upon his giving his parole to go to New York and remain there, reporting his address monthly to the Adjutant-General of the Army, and to hold himself ready to abide the orders of the President of the United States, and to answer any charges which may be preferred against him, until further orders.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

