
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 4, 1866.

Bvt. Major General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the sum of $9.55 U. S. currency and $606.50 in rebel scrip, being uncalled-for moneys belonging to prisoners of war confined at Fort McHenry. An invoice of the funds showing the parties to whom it belongs is herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 7, 1866 - 9.45 p. m.

Bvt. Major General J. M. BRANNAN,

Commanding Department of Georgia, Augusta, Ga.:

The President directs that D. L. Yulee be relieved of so much of the parole given by him as restricts him top the limits of the State of Florida. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 9, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 25th of January, current year, General Mulford delivered to me under orders the sum of $25,854.02, together with $5,847.75 in Northern State and Southern bank notes, belonging to me who had been prisoners of war in the South, from whom the money had been taken, and after the military operations of the war had closed had been recovered by him. He returned over a list of 324 applicants for portions of the money, which list has been somewhat increased by the names of a few applicants (thirty-seven in number) addressed to this office, so that the whole amount applied for is $34,381.11 and $568 in bank notes, character not stated, while the amount available for distribution is $25,854.02, together with $1,204.01 received from the sale of Norther State and Southern bank notes, and belonging to specified parties; also, $851.09 received from the sale of tobacco, uncalled-for property belonging to rebel prisoners. There is in the hands of the Adjutant-General about $800 unclaimed money belonging to rebel prisoners turned over to the Adjutant-General through this office, the greater portion of which will probably never be called for. There is no reason for expecting any further collections and no more applicants are likely to appear. Under these circumstances I request authority to distribute the money to the applicants upon satisfactory knowledge of their identify, at the rate claimed, on the correctness of the same being clearly shown, and, with a view to meet any deficiency that may possibly arise, authority may be granted to draw on the above-mentioned funds in the hands of the Adjutant-General to meet the same.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commissary-General of Prisoners.

