HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., April 15, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I respectfully call your attention to the case of Doctor Gwin, ex-Duke of Sonora, confined at Fort Jackson under directions from the President. The doctor is very old and his confinement is to some extent affecting his mind. I would respectfully suggest as the warm weather is now approaching that he be removed to some other place, or that he be put on parole within the limits of the city of New Orleans on condition that he abstain from all colonization schemes.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL COURT-MARTIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 104. Washington, April 17, 1866.

Frank B. Gurley, citizen, sentenced by a military commission "to be hanged by the neck until he is dead, at such time and place as the general commanding may order, two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring in said sentence," as promulgated in General Court-Martial Orders, Numbers 505, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, September 6, 1865, upon the recommendation of Lieutenant-General Grant, is hereby released from confinement and will be placed upon his parole as a prisoner of war duly exchanged.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUDICIARY COMMITTEE ROOM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington, D. C., April 17, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: By direction of the Committee on the Judiciary I have the honor to request you to furnish to the committee such evidence as may be in your Department touching the complicity of Jefferson Davis and Clement C. Clay in the plot which resulted in the assassination of President Lincoln and the attempted assassination of Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State; also copies of such reports of the Judge-Advocate-General Concerning the said complicity of said parties as may be in your possession, and particularly those of December 6, 1865, and January 18, 1866, and such reports supplemental thereto as may have been made. If said reports are not now in your possession the committee request to be informed to whom the same have been transmitted and when it was done.

I have also to request you to furnish any other information touching the subject-matter of the inquiry pending before the committee as you may have, and which is not specially called for by this note.*

Yours, respectfully,

JAMES F. WILSON,

Chairman Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives.

---------------

* No reply of the Secretary of War is found; but see Holt to Stanton, July 3, 1866, p. 931, and report of the Committee on the Judiciary, published in Report Numbers 104, House of Representatives, Thirty-ninth Congress, first session. The papers called for are probably the reports of the Judge-Advocate-General of January 18, 1866, with inclosures, pp. 847-867, and of March 20, 1866, p. 890.

---------------

