
against its Government, organize, and attempt to arm, and did arm, a portion of the citizens of the United States, through an unlawful secret society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, with the intent to induce them, with themselves to throw off the authority of the United States, and co-operate with said armed enemies of the United States against the legally constituted authorities of the United States. This, on or about the 20th day of July, 1864, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army or the United States and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 2.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey did, by public address, by secret circulars and communication, and by other means, endeavor to,and did arouse sentiments of hostility to the Government of the United States, and did attempt to induce the people to revolt against said Government, and secretly organize and arm themselves for the purpose of resisting the laws of the United States and the orders of the duly elected President thereof. This, on or about the 16th day of February, 1864, at a period of war and armed rebellion against the authority of the United States, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

CHARGE IV: Disloyal practices.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, at a time of war, and during an armed rebellion against the legally constituted authorities and Government of the United States, did counsel and advise citizens of, and owing allegiance and military service to, the United States, to disregard the authority of the United States, did make preparation and attempt to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, for the purpose and with intent of resisting said call or draft. This, on or about the 1st day of July, 1864, at or near Shoals Station, Martin County, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations,and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 2.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, at a time of war, and during an armed rebellion against the legally constituted authorities and Government of the United States, did counsel and advise citizens of, and owing allegiance and military service to, the United States,to disregard the authority of the United State, and to resist a call or draft designed to increase the Army of the United States, and did make preparation and attempt to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, for the purpose and with the intent of resisting said call or draft. This, on or about the 1st day of November, 1863, at or near Green Fork Township, Randolph County, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 3.-In this, that the said William A. Bowles, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, at a time of war, and during an armed rebellion against the legally constituted authorities and Government, did counsel and advise citizens of, and owing allegiance and military service to, the United States, to disregard the authority of the United States, and to resist a call or draft designed to increase the Army of the United States, and did make preparations, and did attempt to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret society, or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, for the purpose and with the intent of resisting said call or draft. This, on or about the 16th day of May, 1864, at or near Indianapolis, Ind., a State within the military lines of the Army of the United States, and the theater of military operations, and which had been, and was constantly threatened to be, invaded by the enemy.

Specification 4.-In this, that the said William A. Bowley, Andrew Humphreys, Horace Heffren, Lambdin P. Milligan, and Stephen Horsey, at a time of war, and during an armed rebellion against the legally constituted authorities and Government of the United States, did counsel and advise citizens of, and owing allegiance and military service to, the United States, to disregard the authority of the United States, and to resist a call or draft designed to increase the Army of the United States, and did make preparation, and attempt to arm, and did arm, certain citizens of the United States belonging to a certain unlawful secret society or order, known as the Order of American Knights, or Order of the Sons of Liberty, for the purpose

