
there is correspondence necessary to give a complete history of the matter of exchange of prisoners since I have had the honor to be commissioner of exchange.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 19, 1865.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 5th instant, requesting that the balance of the requisition for clothing made by you on the 1st ultimo may be forwarded to Elmira, has been received. The requisitions were held awaiting your reply to letter of the 12th ultimo from this office, which explained the necessity of strict economy in the issue of clothing to rebel prisoners at the present time, and requested that you would report your views on the necessity of such issue at Elmira, N. Y. No reply to this letter has been received, and the requisitions are still in this office. The clothing received by you was sent to Elmira by mistake, and was no part of that required for by you. It was reported as issued before the error was discovered. As the cotton from the South referred to in my letter of the 12th ultimo is daily expected, you will please make immediately requisition for such clothing as may be absolutely necessary within the next three or four weeks, after which time it is hoped clothing from the rebel authorities may be ready for issue.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 19, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: You will please include Captain William S. Waller and Captain Shultz Leach, both prisoners of war at Johnson's Island, among the officers to be exchanged under the arrangement for the relief of officers in close confinement or in irons, and send them to Fort Monroe, to be disposed of by Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford under that arrangement, sending Colonel Mulford a copy of this order as instructions to him. These officers have not been in irons nor in cell confinement, though supposed to have been by the Southern authorities. They are, however, sent for exchange in order to remove every possible objection which might be raised against the execution of the arrangement referred to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, January 19, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 12, from your headquarters, I have the honor to report that there are no prisoners at this post

