
7. Report of Judge-Advocate-General of December 30, 1865, to the Secretary of War on the same subject.*

8. Letter of Major General J. J. Peck, U. S. Volunteers, of December 22, 1865, to Judge-Advocate-General.*

9. Letter of Judge-Advocate-General of December 30, 1865, to Secretary of War.*

10. Report of a board of inquiry convened at Raleigh, N. C., January 17, 1866, in relation to the murder of the U. S. soldiers by the rebels in March, April, and May, 1864.*

11. Abstract of testimony taken before the board of inquiry convened at Raleigh, N. C., January 17, 1866, in the matter of the murder of certain U. S. soldiers at Kinston, N. C., by the rebels in 1864.*

12. Letter of Major General Thomas H. Ruger, stating that to enable him to complete the investigation ordered by the Secretary of War in relation to the murder of certain U. S. prisoners of war at Kinston, N. C., by Pickett and Hoke, he desires to be furnished with copies of certain proceedings of the rebel court-martial which tried said prisoners, with Dr. Francis Lieber's indorsement thereon stating that these proceedings are not among the records of the Archive Office.*

The papers submitted show that the investigation of this transaction has been continued, under the commanding general Department of North Carolina, from the 19th October, 1865, and was progressing until the receipt of the resolution of April 16, with the view of collecting the whole testimony in proper form for such action as the President might direct.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., May 3, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward inclosed report of surgeon concerning health of state prisoner J. Davis, and to say that Davis is allowed to walk two hours each day in the open air and if necessary he will be allowed more. Mrs. Davis came this morning on a visit to her husband. Inclosed I forward her parole of honor.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT MONROE, VA., May 3, 1866.

Major General NELSON A. MILES,

Commanding Military District of Fort Monroe:

SIR: I would respectfully report that the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis is not as good as at the last report. He was suffering on Monday from considerable derangement of the bowels with diarrhea. He was last night considerably better. He complains very much of muscular weakness and general debility. He requires more exercise in the open air.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

---------------

*Published in Executive Document, Numbers 98, House of Representatives, Thirty-ninth Congress, first session, pp. 10-89.

---------------

