
It is asserted by him and his friends that he has been confounded with Major T. P. Turner, who was the commanding officer of the prison, and who was charged with cruelty to prisoners. They say that Dick Turner was a private soldier in the rebel Army detailed for duty in the prison and that he simply carried out such orders as he received. He has now been confined more than a twelvemonth, and if there be no charges against him in the office of the Judge-Advocate-General or if it is not the intention of the Government to put him on his trial I respectfully recommend that he be discharged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 16, 1866.

Referred to the Judge-Advocate-General for report whether there is any ground for the further detention of the within-named Dick Turner.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE, June 16, 1866.

Respectfully returned. This Bureau is in possession of no information justifying the further detention of Richard Turner or on which charges against him can now be preferred.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 23, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In the fund turned over to this office by General Mulford there is $55.42 in gold and $157.85 in silver. In the claims made to this office there are claims made for coin (gold and silver), in all amounting to $1,075.15.

In view of the small amount of coin received and the large claim against it, and with the desire to make the division of the fund as equitable as possible, I respectfully recommend that the coin be converted into currency at the market rates and the claims for coin be increased in amount to their equivalent value in currency, and the pro rata distribution from the fund be made on such claims at the currency value.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 23, 1866.

Major General N. A. MILES, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: The President directs that Charles O'Conor and George Shea, esqs., the counsel of Jefferson Davis, be permitted to have access to

