
arresting at once and summarily this continuous outrage upon the national character. But we live in an epoch of Congressional inquiries into national scandals and national rumors of all kinds, and the conscience of the country will hold the present Congressto a dread responsibility if it shirk or evade in any way a duty more important to our national honor than any which it has as yet assumed.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.--From New York News, May 24, 1866.]

Mr. Davis' condition.

The people of the United States--at least those of them who have hearts--will read with profound emotion the report which Doctor Cooper, the surgeon at Fortress Monroe, has made to the Adjutant-General of the U. S. Army. It has been frequently stated that Mr. Davis' health has been gradually declining under his prolonged imprisonment and the treatment to which he has been subjected. These statements have always been carefully contradicted by the Radical press, and sometimes upon such evidence as inspired a doubt of the truth of the charge. But the question is set at rest by the publication of Surgeon Cooper's official report. There is no room to doubt that Mr. Davis' health has been seriously imparied; nay, it is clear that his physical condition is such that his life hangs, as it were, by a thread. And it is not merely the deprivation of personal liberty that has caused this. This rigorous and wholly unnecessary measures resorted to to perfect his isolation and to cut off all possibility of escape--a thing which even the most rabid Radicals never suspected him of meditating--have been the main causes. Petty annoyances and irritations have had their shave; and, despite the professional and official caution of Doctor Cooper, quite enough has been disclosed to justify the worst that has been said. We do not say that the President ought to be held responsible for the past, but we do know that he ought without further delay now that he has been officially informed of the condition of affairs to release "prisoner Davis" on his parole. Merciful and generous-minded men everywhere will applaud the act and history will justify it. The 'shriveled skin" and "flaccid muscles" of the martyr of Fortress Monroe plead with irresistible eloquence in his behalf. Let us hope the plea will be heard.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.--From the Richmond Times, Thursday, May 24, 1866.]

We published on yesterday an official report of the condition of ex-President Davis' health, which will excite throughout Christendom a feeling of profound sympathy for the illustrious martyr and of burning indignation against those who are still clamorous not only for an indefinite prolongation of the terrible torture which he has so long endured, but also for his judicial murder. It is said when Doctor O'Meara's account of the slow torture inflicted upon Napoleon Bonaparte by the infamous Sir Hudson Lowe was first published that the English felt the national disgrace of Lowe's atrocities so keenly that English tourists were ashamed to visit France. The report of Doctor Cooper, for the same reason, might well arrest that swarm of Northern tourists who are now preparing for their usual summer trip to Europe.

Little more than thirteen months ago the writer of this article enjoyed frequent opportunities for ascertaining the physical condition of President Davis. For weeks before the evacuation of Richmond his general health was good, his form erect, and his step as elastic as that of a man in the prime of vigorous manhood. When arrested, torn from his family, imprisoned in a stone cell and temporarily fettered, his health

