
was as good as when he left Richmond. Now the strong man is tottering upon the verge of the grave; and the surgeon who has watched him day by day ascribes his terrible condition to the treatment which he has received. What a frightful picture of human suffering is that drawn by the surgeon at Fortress Monroe of Mr. Davis! What admirable effects have resulted from the "humane treatment" of General Miles! Outside of the "Chronicles of the Inquisition" there are very few reports like those of Doctor Cooper now extant. The medical men who used to attend in the hall of torture and feel the pulse, sponge the mouths, and report upon the condition of the mangled, lacerated men who were stretched upon the rack, used to make such reports very often. Hudson Lowe was sometimes the recipient of just such communications when the conqueror of Europe was dying in that felon's grasp. No man with a heart in his bosom can read the report of Doctor Cooper without bedimmed eye and breast swelling with pity and indignation. The iron has entered the soul of the illustrious statesman and pure noble-hearted Christian gentleman, whose offenses are no greater than those of the millions who sympathized with him. Thanks to the benevolent care of his jailor, for more than twelve months, the surgeon tells us "that Mr. Davis has scarcely enjoyed two hours unbroken sleep." One of the most terrible methods of torture known to the officials of the Holy Inquisition consisted in disturbing the slumbers of a prisoner every hour. The ceaseless tramp of his guards have "utterly deranged the nervous system" of the fearless soldier whose eye never quailed amid the din and roar of battle. "Want of sleep," says Doctor Cooper, "has been the great and the principal cause of Mr. Davis' nervous excitability." Miles' ever-moving sentinels have tramped to some purpose, as President Davis' condition is ascribed by Doctor Cooper to the "tramp of the creaking boots of the sentinels on post around his prison." To so frightful a condition of acute agony has this protracted torture reduced the victim that Doctor Cooper tells us that his "nervous condition is that of one who has been flayed and has every sensitive nerve exposed to the waves of sound." The blood runs cold at the bare thought of a fellow being reduced to such a condition by slow torture of the character mentioned by the surgeon in charge. But we have no heart to follow Doctor Cooper through all the sickening, shocking details of his report. Doctor Cooper evidently believes that President Davis cannot survive longer confinement; to keep him longer in prison will be equivalent to putting him to death. Such a report as that of Doctor Cooper would induce any judge in the United States to admit a prisoner to bail although charged with the vilest crimes. It is impossible that President Johnson can now sanction the imprisonment of Mr. Davis for another day without imperiling his own fair fame. The honor of the nation demands that the men who have tortured to the verge of the grave a noble and illustrious state prisoner shall not be permitted to escape punishment. Doctor Cooper's official report renders it necessary that the President should hunt down and punish the guilty parties in order that the Government may not be held responsible for their acts.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Mrs. Jeff. Davis in Washington.

WASHINGTON, May 24, 1866.

The arrival in the city this morning of Mrs. Jefferson Davis has led to much speculation concerning the object of her visit. It is generally believed to be for the purpose of attaining some modification of the stringent orders in relation to her husband's confinement. The recently

