
WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE,

May 28, 1866.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The within papers make application for the release of Richard Turner, now in confinement at Libby Prison, Richmond, Va., in which it is stated that he has been incarcerated for upward of a year without trial. This case has been only incidentally with others before this Bureau, in the report of P. Cashmyer on the condition of Southern prisons, in which Turner is mentioned as having been charged by Union prisoners with having used a great degree of severity and tyranny, and also with robbery, but neither specifications nor the names of witnesses are supplied. A report of this Bureau to the Secretary of War, under date of November 3, 1865, on this subject, in which Turner is named with others, recommended a reference to the local officers for an investigation, but nothing has been since heard regarding it nor is it known what action, if any, has been taken therein. If none has been taken the recommendation is renewed, and but little doubt is entertained, if proper vigilance is exercised by the military authorities at Richmond, that definite information in regard to the crimes of this man can be obtained.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., May 29, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report state prisoner J. Davis appears as comfortable as usual, but since Mr. O'Conor's visit his mind appears to be very much absorbed and he appears less cheerful. The inclosed letter from and copy of telegram to Surgeon Cooper is respectfully forwarded. As he showed me the telegram this morning, disclaiming any knowledge of the matter, I suggested that his proper course was to forward it to the War Department. The sender of the telegram was private secretary of Mr. Davis.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., May 29, 1866.

Major General NELSON A. MILES,

Commanding District of Fort Monroe:

SIR: Inclosed I send you the copy of telegram received by me this morning at 9.30 a. m. The original I showed you some half hour since, immediately on its receipt.

I know not to what it refers or for what purpose written. The sender of the telegram I saw but once, to my knowledge, and then but for three or four minutes.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MAY 29, 1866.

Surg. GEORGE E. COOPER, U. S. Army:

Everything promises well. I have seen Messrs. O'Conor and Shea.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Eutaw House.

