HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,May 30, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose report of Surgeon Cooper regarding health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis.

Most respectfully, your obedient,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., May 30, 1866.

Major General NELSON A. MILES,

Commanding District of Fort Monroe:

SIR: I respectfully report that state prisoner Jefferson Davis is slowly improving. He sleeps better, relishes his food more, and has less tendency to head symptoms than before. Though quite weak, he states that he feels growing stronger gradually. The extended liberty granted him has most decidedly been of great benefit to him.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, JUDGE-ADVOCATE'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 2, 1866.

Report of Colonel L. C. Turner, Judge-Advocate, to the Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, in the matter of witnesses who had sworn falsely in relation to the complicity of Jeff. Davis and others in the assassination of President Lincoln.

On Thursday night, April 26, last, by direction of Judge-Advocate-General Holt, I went to New York City to find and procure the attendance of eight persons as witnesses before the House Judiciary Committee. The names of said witnesses, as furnished me by General Holt, were Sanford Conover, William Campbell, Joseph Snevel, Farnum B. Wright, John H. Patten, Sarah Douglass, [John] McGill, and Miss [Mary] Knapp. The only information I had as to where said persons could be found was that General Holt informed me that Conover's address was at Station A, post-office, New York (but Governor Boutwell told me it was Station F); that Snevel's address was Station D, New York; that Campbell, Wright, and McGill were supposed to be in or about New York; Patten in Saint Louis; Mrs. Douglass and Miss Knapp in Canada. I was advised that Wright should be sent to find Patten and that Conover should find and procure the two women, and General Holt was to telegraph Snevel to [meet] me at the Astor House Friday a. m., and he gave me a letter to Conover asking him to aid me in procuring said witnesses, &amp;c. On reaching the Astor House on Friday morning I wrote two notes to Conover, one directed to Station A, the other to Station F, asking him to call on me at once. Friday p. m. a card was left for me by Snevel, saying he would call next day and requesting that I would leave a note at the office stating my business, &c. Saturday Snevel called, said that he had not seen Conover in two or three days, that he was in Brooklyn, and when he last saw him he said he was about going to Washington and wished him (Snevel) to remain in New York and he would give him a good job on his return from Washington. Snevel also told me he had not seen Campbell for some days, but promised to find Conover and

