
Second. The number of persons who, having been sentenced by military commission or court-martial, have been pardoned since the 15th day of April, 1865.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 6, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with your instructions I visited Fort Monroe, Va., June 5, 1866, and made personal inspection of the condition of the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis.

Considering the age of the prisoner, his temperament, and all attendant circumstances, his present condition is remarkably good, and, although thin and gray, his carriage is erect, his voice strong, and his general appearance not more altered since I saw him several years ago than was to be reasonably expected from natural causes. Having the freedom of the fort from sunrise to sunset, he walks at will either upon the ramparts or parade ground, and to and from his meals, which are furnished by the surgeon of the post through Mrs. Davis, with whom he now takes them. The bill of fare furnished me by General Miles was for the first week in February, and includes beef, mutton, veal, ham, chickens, fish, oysters, eggs, butter, milk, wheat and corn bread, coffee, fruits, &amp;c., in sufficient quantities and variety to constitute a most wholesome and nutritious diet. Since a change in posting sentinels the inconvenience and irritation produced by disturbed rest has been relieved and is less complained of.

Surgeon Cooper states that "Mr. Davis has improved in all respects at least 50 per cent. since his report of May 9, 1866," while General Miles considers his condition about the same; and that he takes less exercise since all restrictions upon it have been removed. The prisoner's own statement was distinctly to the effect that his health is and has been much better than has been represented, and he expressed great annoyance at the reports of his condition which had reached the public, acknowledging that if the sentinel could be removed from such close proximity to his sleeping room and the light at night dispensed with he would be quite as comfortable as it was possible for any one under duress to be.

At this season there is no malarious disease at Fort Monroe. The return of sick and wounded for the year ending April 30, 1866, gives a death rate of 1 to each 241 cases, including wounds and accidents, and the healthful climate of Old Point has made it for years a favorite resort. I do not consider him more liable to an attack of any of the severe forms of disease of the tide-water region than any other inmate of the fort, nor have I reason to suppose that such disease would be less amenable to treatment in his case than in others.

By extending the prisoner's parole from guard mounting to guard mounting instead of from sunrise to sunset, the objectionable sentinel and night lamp, the only present grounds of complaint would be removed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General.

