
RICHMOND, January 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Quite a number of privates belonging to Mosby's command are in Fort Warren. Among them are Privates Fitzhugh, Gunnell, Gough, Jarboe, Spencer, Tolson, Woodhouse, Ward, Lambert, Maddox, Pomeroy, Coffman, Crowely, Davis, and Sergeant Rowzee. I beg leave to inquire whether they are considered as prisoners of war; and if not, why? They are all regularly enlisted soldiers in the Confederate service--as much so as any in the field. I understand that some of the party were put upon the list of those to be delivered by the surgeons, but that the Federal authorities refused to send them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

ON BOARD FLAG-OF-TRUCE STEAMER,

Mouth of Red River, January 19, 1865.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have at this point for exchange 168 officers, prisoners of war, of the C. S. forces of the Trans-Mississippi Department, who are embraced in the cartel between Major Szymanski and myself, of July 28, 1864. I desire to deliver them on parole to await the delivery of their equivalent.

A dispatch addressed to Major Szymanski, in your care, intended to notify him of the arrival of these prisoners, was sent from Morganza this morning in the hope of reaching him before he should leave Alexandria. Fearing that he may have left Alexandria before that dispatch may have reached him, and that it may have been forwarded without its contents being known to you, I send this to request that if Major Szymanski has left Alexandria you will send a boat to the mouth of Red River upon the receipt of this, with some officer who may be authorized to receive and receipt for these prisoners. They are of the Helena and other captures in Arkansas, and of that at Donaldsonville, La. The comfort of the prisoners depends very much upon their prompt reception by you.

I have also to request that if Major Szymanski shall have left Alexandria before the receipt of this you will notify him of the delivery of these prisoners with as little delay as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Comr. and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

RICHMOND, January 19, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

DEAR SIR: Allow me most respectfully to call your attention to an evil which demands immediate remedy. On yesterday I visited that part of Castle Thunder occupied by the Yankee deserters. This gave me an opportunity of knowing something of their situation. Permit me to say it is one of very great discomfort--so much so that if the weather should become colder or the present cold continue, some of them must freeze, to say nothing of other discomforts. I am the post chaplain at Camp Lee.

Yours, very respectfully,

HENRY BROWN.

