
more important of them. I accordingly sent to the city of New York Brevet Colonel Turner, judge-advocate, giving him, as I now remember it, the names of Campbell, Snevel, McGill, Wright, Patten, and Mrs. Douglass, these being the witnesses that I had reason to believe might be obtained within a reasonable time. It is barely possible that the name of Patten was not embraced in this list owing to my supposing him to reside in Saint Louis, but the most important of the witnesses were certainly included. Colonel Turner on proceeding to New York had an interview with Campbell, who has been repeatedly referred to by me, and in a conversation, with Colonel Turner Campbell declared that the testimony which he had given in his deposition before the Bureau of Military Justice was false and that it had been fabricated by or udner the supervision of Sanford Conover. This I learned from Colonel Turner, and Ilearned he made the same statement at the same time in regard t the testimony of Snevel, and expressed the opinion that the other witnesses who had been produced by Conover had also sworn falsely and under assumed names.

Colonel Turner brought Campbell on to Washington, and I then suggested that Mr. Wilson, chairman of the committee, should telegraph for Conover, in order that he and Campbell might be confronted in their examination, and opportunity thus afforded the committee of determining the question of credibility at issue. Conover accordingly came and went before the committee, and while undergoing examination there Campbell was introduced, and, having been sworn, he stated that his deposition given before the Bureau of Military Justice was false in all respects and was wholly and completely the fabrication of Conover; who, then being present, replied under oath that this declaration of Campbell was untrue, but declined to offer any explanation. After, however, Campbell had been withdrawn Conover suggested to the committee, as a reason why he (Campbell) had made his statement, that he had probably been corrupted and supposed he could make more by falsifying his former testimony than he could by sustaining it. I said to Conover immediately after his examination closed that I was utterly astounded at the evidence Campbell had given. His reply was, "You cannot be more so than I am." I then added, "You see the position in which you are placed. Now, if what is charged against you is false your only mode of vindication is to bring before the committee the witnesses whom you produced and whose depositions were taken before the Bureau of Military Justice, in order that they may be examined and reaffirm their testimony." He said he would proceed to New York with the officer of the committee and assist him in finding the witnesses, and would, as I understood him to say, return with them to Washington. He left, as I was told, with the officer of the committee, but on arriving at New York separated himself from him and was not seen by him afterward; and up to this time, although two months have elapsed, he has not communicated with me nor has he made any effort, as I believe, to produce the witnesses, nor has he offered any vindication of his conduct. This action of his, added to the declarations under oath of Campbell, followed up as they were afterward by the testimony of Snevel as to the utter falsity of the depositions which he and Campbell had given, has left a strong impression on my mind that Conover has been guilty of a most atrocious crime, committed under what promptings I am wholly unable to determine.

I employed him under no contract for any stipulated compensation. He had no reason from me to believe that he would receive more for

