
the purpose of proving the presence of C. C. Clay in Canada for months preceding and up to, probably, a few days after the assassination of the President. With these depositions and affidavits Conover had no connection whatever, and the confidence originally entertained in their truthfulness remains unshaken. The history of Sanford Conover's agency and its results has beedn giventhus cirucmstantially in order that you may discard the testimony produced by him from consideration, and also in order that you may understand under what constant encouragements and apparently trustworthy assurances the inquiry committed to his hands was continued on my part. These explanations have been made by me as a witness before the Committee on the Judiciary substantially as presented in this report, and in large degree in the same language herein employed.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,July 5, 1866.

Gemeral E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward report of Surgeon Cooper regarding health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., July 4, 1866.

Major General N. A. MILES,

Commanding Military District of Fort Monroe, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I hereby report the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis to be not as good as at my report of the 27th ultimo. For the last three or four days he has given indications of febrile excitement. His appetite is gradually leaving him and the amount he now eats is scarcely sufficient to sustain his system in a normal condition. He still complains of broken slumbers, stating that the hailing of the sentinels breaks his rest and that it is almost impossible for him to sleep when his rest has once been disturbed. To this circumstance of broken slumber he attributes his want of recuperation. His general health is not improving as I would with to see it, and as it was for a time after his receipt of the parole of the fort during the day.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., July 10 [11], 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward report of Surg. George E. Cooper regarding health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

---------------

*For report of the Committee on the Judiciary on this subject, see Report Numbers 104, House of Representatives, Thirty-ninth Congress, first session.

---------------

60 R R--SERIES II, VOL VIII

