
[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., July 11, 1866.

Major General NELSON A. MILES,

Commanding Military District of Fort Monroe, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I have to report the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis as being somewhat less favorable than at my report of the 4th instant. He has had during the week past some slight febrile attacks, which, though but light, debililtate him. He is weaker than he was and walks less firmly. He states that his respiration is better during his walks than it was. His appetite does not improve and he eats but little. He still complains of inability to sleep. The slightest noise, he states, wakens him and he is then unable to sleep for a considerable length of time.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., July 12, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report no change in the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis since yesterday's report.

I leave this evening for Massachusetts on ten days' leave. Bvt. Brigadier General H. S. Burton, colonel Fifth U. S. Artillery, will be in command during my absence.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 18, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In answer to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 12th instant calling for a report of the number of deaths among Union soldiers while in Southern prisons, and also the deaths among rebel soldiers while held as prisoners of war, I have the honor to state that from the records of this office it appears that 26,436 deaths have been reported among the rebel prisoners of war, and 22,576 Union soldiers are reported as having died in Southern prisons. These numbers should be seen in comparison with the number of prisoners respectively held North and South, to wit: In the North there were about 220,000, while in the South there were a little more than half the number, to wit, about 126,952, as per reports received. It should also be noticed that while we have accurate reports of the deaths which occurred among rebel prisoners in the North, the reports from Southern prisons were exceedingly irregular, as appears by the report of the Christian Commission, showing that there were 676 Union soldiers died of which no report was made to this office. Add to which no reports of deaths were made from localities in the South, as Florence, S. C., and other places. The reports received from all prison stations in the South are belileved to be very incomplete, with the exception of those received from Andersonville, Ga., Salisbury, N. C., Cahaba, Ala., and

