
Danville, Va. The number of deaths included in the Christian Commission report refer chiefly to battle-fields, with the exception of the 676 whose graves were found at prison camps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., July 18, 1866.

Commanding OFFICER MIL. DIST. OF FORT MONROE,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis as slowly but surely growing worse. His appetite is poor, his muscular strength is diminishing, and his whole system is becoming debilitated. For the week past the febrile symptoms which I referred to last Wednesday have become daily more marked and are assuming a decided periodical type. This is more evident in the condition of his pulse than by the symptoms of open fever. Some two weeks since his pulse was languid and indicated sixty-two beats in a minute. It has daily increased until at present, at 11 o'clock this morning, it indicated 102 beats the minute. The febrile symptoms, too, are appearing about an hour earlier each day. As the pulse declines in frequency heavy perspiration sets in, followed by considerable prostration. This combined with the severe heat now experienced increases the amount of his debility. I am informed by Mrs. Davis that in this manner the severe atacksof malarial fever which state prisoner Davis has heretofore suffered from have always been ushered in. Mr. Davis complains but little and is very reticent concedrning his ailments, and it is with difficulty I can disc over from his when he is more unwell than usual.

In an official conversation had with Major General Nelson A. Miles, U. S. Volunteers, on May 23, 1866, at his quarters at this post, I was told by him that he would hold me and that I would be held responsible for the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis, and that he wished me to make such suggestions and recommendations as I deemed the preservation of his health might demand. I therefore feel compelled to recommend that he be transferred to some garrison or fort on the sea-coast in some one of the Northern States in which malarial diseases are not endemic and where the heat of summer is less severe. Fort Adams, at Newport, is, I believe, the nearest, for those in New York Harbor are decidedly malarial. I likewise recommend that until he be removed from here, if such should be considered proper by the authorities in Washington, all sources of noise at night be removed so that he may have unbroken sleep.

I make these recommendations with the confident belief that they are necessary, for I am of opinion that he has not sufficient vital power to stand up against a severe attack of malarial fever.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,July 18, 1866.

Respectfully forwarded.

H. S. BURTON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

