
it not for the febrile symptoms which have shown themselves during the last six or eight weeks he would be much better. I also state that the difference between his present condition and that on his receiving his parole is in some respects for the better. He does not give indications of such nervous irritability; the head symptoms are less frequent; he walks better; gives indications of more vitality, and shows less indications of indigestion. He is less emaciated than then, though his muscles are small, soft, and indicate but little ability to withstand exercise of a moderately severe character. His vital condition is somewhat better than it was. He has not recuperated as I was led to expect from the indications given for the three or four weeks after receiving his parole. I do not think he has improved since June 27 to any extent. This may be attributed to the fever he has suffered from, which though light, has served to prostrate his vital powers. I cannot state the amount of exercise he now takes daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Brevet Colonel and Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Richmond, Va., August 14, 1866.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to the instructions contained in your letter of the 16th of June last I have caused investigation to be made in regard to the conduct of Richard Turner while a turnkey of Libby Prison during the war, and that I have been unable to find evidence of such misconduct to our prisoners as would justify his being brought before a military commission for trial.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE,Fort Monroe, Va., August 15, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose weekly report of Surgeon Cooper, U. S. Army, regarding health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., August 15, 1866.

Major General N. A. MILES,

Commanding Military District of Fort Monroe, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis to be much the same as for the last three weeks. This morning he complaints of a severe headache. I observe that he appears better on alternate days. This may be attributable to slight malarial poison, the evidence of which he showed in the febrile symptoms which

