
presented themselves some month since and which were subdued by the exhibition of quinine. His appetite is neither improving nor diminishing. He states he gains but little strength.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 16, 1866.

The Honorable HENRY STANBERRY, Attorney-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith for your consideration a copy of the report of a medical board on the 14th instant in relation to Jefferson Davis and the sanitary condition of Fortress Monroe.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, D. C., August 14, 1866.

Bvt. Major General J. K. BARNES, Surgeon-General U. S. Army:

SIR: In obedience to your instructions of the 10th instant, "to proceed to Fortress Monroe, Va., to examine carefully into and report upon the present condition of health of state prisoner J. Davis, upon all that pertains to the preservation of the health of the prisoner, the sanitary condition of the post, and the comparative healthfulness at the present time of Fortress Monroe, Va., and Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor," we have the honor to report that, arriving at Fortress Monroe on the 12th instant, we visited prisoner Davis, and met him, returning from a walk, at the casemate now occupied by Mrs. Davis. his walk was steady and his physical appearance good.

After a careful examination of the prisoner and from the statements made by the surgeon of the post and by the prisoner himself we are of the opinion that his health has improved in every respect during the last few weeks. His pulse marked seventy-six beats per minute and was moderately full and strong; expression of countenance, healthy; temperature of skin, natural. The prisoner stated that his appetite was fair and digestion good; that his dyspepsia had been much relieved since the arrival of his wife at Fortress Monroe, as she was able to have food prepared that he had a preference for and could readily digest (all his meals being now taken with her and prepared under her supervision); that he had been free from neuralgia for some time past and slept quite well at night. It was also his opinion that he had increased in weight lately. He has had several slight febrile attacks within the past four weeks, which were promptly relieved by moderate doses of quinine and which did not at any time confine him to his bed or room. With this exception he had not suffered inconvenience from any other cause. He also informed us that he had not been confined to his room from sickness for a long time. From our examination of the prisoner and from the evidence presented we are of the opinion that prisoner Davis' health is now better than at any time since his arrival at Fortress Monroe. The measures adopted and now in use to preserve his health appear to be ample.

The sanitary condition of Fortress Monroe is excellent and the appearance of the soldiers stationed there very healthy. Fewer cases of malarial fever have occurred at that post, including the 12th instant,

