
for this month than for a corresponding period last month (nine cases this month, against twenty-eight cases for the entire month of July; the proportion should be the other way where malarial fever is endemic). In the post hospital but six patients were confined to their beds and these were cases of injury and venereal disease.

The comparative healthfulness of Fortress Monroe and Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, appears from the reports of these respective posts for the five months from June to October, inclusive, for the year 1865, as follows:

Fortress Monroe, Va., ration per thousand constantly sick... 67

Fortress Lafayette, New York Harbor, ration per thousand

constantly sick............................................. 118

Malarial fever is not uncommon at all the military posts in New York Harbor and its vicinity during the summer and fall months, and cases of cholera have occurred at several of those posts during the present summer. As yet no case of cholera has appeared at Fortress Monroe. In our opinion there is not a more salubrious military post on the Atlantic sea-board at the present time than Fortress Monroe, Va.

We remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

C. H. CRANE,

Assistant Surgeon-General U. S. Army.

J. SIMPSON,

Brevet Colonel and Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,August 17, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report state prisoner Jefferson Davis appears the same and as usual to-day. He is looking very thin in flesh and apparently not strong, although his walk is erect and step elastic. There has been a gradual change in his appearance during his confinement here, but perhaps not more than might be expected in a man of his years and in depressed spirits.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,August 22, 1866.

Bvt. Major General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward report to Surgeon Cooper regarding the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., August 22, 1866.

Major General N. A. MILES,

Commanding Military District of Fort Monroe, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I respectfully report the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis to be much the same as on the 15th instant. He states that he

