
feels better every alternate day and worse on the other days. His appetite, he informs me, is as usual. He eats but little and never feels hungry. He complains of pain and stiffness in his spinal column at the lower part, which interferes with rising when seated. I observe that he walks better and more firmly than he did. His digestion appears to be good, though he has a tendency to constipation.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FORT MONROE, VA.,August 24, 1866.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received the order of the President mustering me out of service September 1. As I have received no other appointment I fear that the President is dissatisfied with my course here, or perhaps credits some of the base slanders and foulest accusations which the disloyal press have heaped upon me. I am ready to vindicate my course to all honorable men, and here state that as far as the confinement of Jefferson Davis is concerned he has received impartial treatment - better than any other Government would have given him, and as much leniency as the dignity of the Government would justify.

As I have been here fifteen months since his first imprisonment I would have preferred to remain one month longer until he was removed from this place, at which time I intended to tender my resignation. I would now ask this slight consideration in justice to my own reputation, which has cost many sacrifices and as highly prized as life. If I am to receive another appointment in the reorganization of the Army of course I cheerfully abide any orders; if not, I would most respectfully request to remain until October 5 and then allowed to resign. I regret being obliged to trouble you with so small a matter, but it is very important to me and one which I feel very sensitive about. You have been more than a friend to me, and I hope some day to be able to serve you in return for your many kindnesses to me.

I have the honor to remain, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 431. Washington, August 29, 1866.

* * * * *

5. Major General N. A. Miles, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty at Fort Monroe, Va., and will report in person to the Adjutant-General. He will bring with him the confidential records pertaining to his late command and deliver them to the Adjutant-General.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

