
to suborn the witnesses produced by him before the Bureaur of Military Justice, I asked him, and he replied and requested me to state to you that it was solely a desire to avenge himself on Jeff. Davis, by whose order, he said, he had been confined for some six months in Castle Thunder. He alleged that not only had he been thus maltreated, but that his wife had also been insulted by Davis. He also assured me that the testimony he gave on the trial of the assassins of President Lincoln, before the military commission, was true in every particular, and asserted again and again that Davis was connected with said assassination, and as to that there was no sort of question.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 14, 1866.

Bvt. Brigadier General H. S. BURTON,

Commanding, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The Secretary of War desires to know under what orders, or by what authority, you permit persons not specially authorized by this Department to visit Jefferson Davis.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., November 14, 1866.

General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: In answer to your telegram of this date I would respectfully state that there are no orders for or against my permitting persons to visit Jeff. Davis in my possession, nor have any orders upon the subject been turned over to me by my predecessor, General Nelson A. Miles. I have permitted persons to visit Jeff. Davis, following the precedent established by my predecession, who, having been in charge of the prisoner for fifteen months, was, it is presumed, acting under orders from the War Department. If it is the wish of the War Department that no person be permitted to visit Jefferson Davis without its permission instructions are requested.

H. S. BURTON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., November 14, 1866.

Commanding OFFICER MIL. DIST. OF FORT MONROE,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I would respectfully report that there is no appreciable change in the physical condition of state prisoner Jefferson Davis.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 15, 1866.

Colonel N. A. MILES, Fortieth U. S. Infantry, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War desires to know what instructions you turned over to General Burton, when relieved in command of Fort

