
Monroe, in relation to permitting persons to visit Jefferson Davis; also, what was your own custom in the matter prior to turning over the command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 16, 1866.

Bvt. Major General E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In reply to your communication of yesterday's date, desiring to know what instructions were turned over by me to General Burton upon being relieved from command of Fort Monroe, Va., I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of cipher telegram from Washington, D. C., 9 p. m., July 22, 1865, signed Edwin M. Stanton (A*); letter of December 4, 1865, signed E. D. Townsend, assistant adjutant-general (B+); and letter of May 19, 1866, signed E. D. TOensend, assistant adjutant-general (C++), the original copies of which were turned over to General Burton on the 3rd of September, 1866.

In regard to my onw custom in the matter of allowing persons to visit Jefferson Davis I have the honor to state that until he was paroled, May 25, 1866, the only persons permitted to visit him were the Reverend Mr. Minnigerode, Mrs. Davis, and the Honorable Hugh McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury. After he was allowed the freedom of the grounds of the fort during the daytime his counsel were authorized to visit him - Messrs. Charles O'Conor, George Shea, William B. Reed, [William] George Brown, E. A. Vansicle, T. H. Edsall, Thomas G. pradt, James T. Brady, and Burton N. Harrison. Persons applying at the gate for permission to come into the fort to visit Mr. or Mrs. Davis I made it a rule to refuse unless they were relatives of the family, and in no way connected with the press.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Colonel Fortieth U. S. Infantry.

FORT MONROE, VA., November 21, 1866.

Commanding OFFICER MIL. DIST. OF FORT MONROE,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I respectfully report the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis to be gradually improving. Though not increasing in muscular strength he is evidently better and less nervous than at my last report.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

FORT MONROE, VA., November 28, 1866.

Commanding OFFICER MIL. DIST. OF FORT MONROE,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I respectfully report the health of state prisoner Jefferson Davis to be somewhat less favorable than on Wednesday last. He is

---------------

*See p. 710.

+See p. 821.

++See p. 910.

---------------

