
before me addressed to the editor of the Herald, informed him disticntly that the statements made in the letter purporting to have been written by him (Campbell) from Saint Albans on 19th of November, 1865, to Conover were false in every particular, yet of this information the Herald took no notice whatever. All these letters ave two are now in my possession. After repeated applications by the U. S. officer and refusals the Herald editor, in order to relieve himself from being subpoenaed to produce them on the trial of Conover for perjury, now pending in Washington, finally gave them up. The two letters withheld are those singed S. Conover, one addressed to Patten, dated Ephrata Mountain House, June 8, 1866, the other to Brigadier-General Holt, Judge-Advocate-General, dated Philadelphia, December 13, 1866, and professing to have inclosed within it a letter to Conover from M. N. Harris. In a note of October 5, instant, relative to the missing letters, the managing editor of the Herald says" "Whether they had been brushed away by the office boys and ultimately thrown into the wastebasket or were purloined I am unable to say." That these very important letters, which Conover declares he never wrote, should be missing is significant and suggestive. The letters in my hands I have carefully examined, having before me the genuine handwriting of Conover, Campbell, and Snevel with which to make comparisons, and the result is a conviction that the letters are all undoubtedly fabrications, viz: The letter from Snevel to Conover, dated Westchester House, November 14, 1865, was certainly not written by Snevel, who under oath has pronounced it a forgery, nor by Campbell, but manifestly by Conover the handwriting comparing favorably with the first written by him to yourself of date July 6, 1865, and published by you in your vindication. The two letters purporting to have been written by Campbell to Conover, and which were so criminative of yourself, and have been proven by the oath of Campbell to be forgeries, were not written by Campbell nor Snevel, but are apparently in the handwriting of a female. One of these letters is dated Saint Albans, Vt., November 19, 1865, and is inclosed in an envelope post-marked Saint Albans, November 30, 1865, addressed to Sanford Conover, esq., Washington, D. C., and this address is in the handwriting of Campbell, who was in Saint Albans fabricated letter for a genuine one, but retained the genuine envelope. The letter signed M., dated April 27, 1866, but both letters are palpable fabrications, for Carter professed to write from Baltimore, introducing Mason to Conover, and M. writes to Conover from New York on the same day, saying he had been looking for Conover all day; that Campbell had divulged, &amp;c., but Campbell did not divulge to Colonel Turner until the 29th, two days afterward. That Conover was the author or instigator of the two last-named letters is proven by the fact that the letter signed M. is inclosed in an Astor House envelope which I addressed to him April 27, inclosing a note asking him to call and see me, thus showing the same substitution and use of a genuine envelope for a false purpose as had occurred in the case of Campbell's letter. The Herald editor also gave up two other letters which he did not find it convenient to publish, and which unmistakably disclose that conover furnished these fabricated letters to the Herald, and for a consideration. These letters are dated Washington, August 20 and September 12, 1866, and both are signed John McGill. Both of these letters are positively in the handwriting of Conover; both purport to inclose communi-

