1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pie of the country for the, support of tliis
class ?
Sir, I know that it is perfectly useless to ap-
peal to the Constitution of the United States.
It if a dead letter. It has no more weight or
Consideration in the legislation of Congress, in
my judgment, than any other piece of printed
mattei1. Not only are the negroes of the South
Set free, by which the object and the aim of all
the abolitionists in the land was accomplished
as we supposed, but a bill is passed by Con-
gress conferring upon them all civil rights en-
Joyed by white citizens of the country, and they
are now selected out from among the people
of the United States, the public Treasury put
at their disposal, and the white people of the
countrj' taxed for their support. Lands to which
you claim title by virtue of a purchase under a
tax sale, lands, therefore (if you have the title)
of the United States, you take and give to the
negroes in South Carolina. You give these
lands to tio white person. If it be said that it
is not an absolute gift, you may make money
of it, the answer is thateyo'n Say you sell them
to negroes for $1 50 an acre. If you have the
title to these lands, what is the reason that you
select out the negro race and fix the price at
$1 50 an acre, when, if your title be perfect,
you can command perhaps fifty or one hundred
dollars an acre for these cotton lands? If it
was proper to make the remark in the Senate
of the United States, I could say that you could
have a purchaser without going out of the Sen-
ate at ten dollars an acre, taking the whole of
them, every acre of the sixty-odd thousand acres
which you propose to sell to these negroes at
•$1 50 an acre. If you have the title to these
lands, that is the way you propose to dispose
of them at a nominal price to the negro race.
Mr. President, I shall attempt no review of
the operations of the Freedmen's Bureau. I
never believed that Congress had any right to
establish any such bureau to take under its
charge any particular portion of the people of
the United States and to provide for them out
of the public Treasury or out of the public
lands. Such legislation was unknown in the
early history of the Government, unknown un-
til these extraordinary times; but, sir, it seems
that wo have become so much wiser than our
fathers that we have discovered new principles
of government, and have found somewhere
within our legislative power the authority to
become guardians for four million negroes.
Mr. President, there is one aspect of this
case, and it will apply to many other cases that
come before Congress, that it is time for the
American people to begin to consider. If there
is anything in private life to which I am op-
posed ; if there1 is anything that I would oppose
as a legislator, it is the repudiation of a debt.
I do not believe in the repudiation of a private
debt, and I do not believe in the repudiation
of a public debt. This species of legislation
taxes an unwilling people to support negroes
in idleness, gives away your lands, if they be
your lands, to negroes, that they may live' in
idleness upon them; deprives citizens of the
United States of their title to lands contrary
to the principles of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, which declares that they shall not
be so divested except by due process of law.
Pile up your public debt until it becomes so
onerous that the people cannot and will not
further bear it, and there are men in this coun-
try so anxious for political power, so anxious
for political promotion that they will start a
party in this eountry to wipe out that debt and
get clear of the burden which you wish to im-
pose upon them. I do not wish to see this;
I wish to see the national faith and the national
honor maintained; but, sir, there is a limit to
oppression and there is a limit to taxation be-
yond which the people will not suffer. Already,
not in the South, for I have seen no indications
from that quarter of any intention to repudiate
this debt, but I will tell you, sir, that now, in
your own free States, there are men, in my
judgment, who would hail the day when your
public debt—at least so much of it as has ac-
crued from the appropriation of money to sup-
39th Oong. 1st Sess.—No. 241.
port these negroes in idleness—there are men,
1 say, who would gladly see that portion of
the public debt wiped out.
This may be plain talk. So man can charge
me with a design or a purpose or a wish that
such should be the case; but you must know
that men are governed by interest. Youf t><lb-
lic debt is now over §3,000,000,000- You
have added to it enormously during the pres-
ent session. You propose to contimie taxes
upon the people of the United States to sup-
port this Freedmen's Bureau for two years
longer, and what will be the amount of ex-
penditure under this bill no one can tell. The
Commissioner may appoint just as many agents
as he pleases, at a salary of not less than §500
each. It is impossible, therefore, for you to
determine the amount of expenditure that will
take place under this bill. It is so much more
needlessly added to your public debt.
Why, sir', it Seems to me that "we have got to
conclude that there is no end to the resources
of this country or the ability of the people to
pay taxes. It used to be that a public debt
of §100,000,000was considered a great burden.
An annual expenditure for the purposes of
Government of fifty or sixty or seventy-five
million dollars was considered such a wasteful
expenditure of the public money that when you
met in Chicago in 18G0 you proclaimed your-
selves the friends of retrenchment and reform,
and were going to administer this Government
upon more economical principles, at a less ex-
penditure than it had been administered there-
tofore. And yet, sir, in the five or six years
you have been in power you have piled up a
debt of some five thousand million dollars.
You yourselves admitted, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in the House
at the commencement of the session admitted
that the public debt was $4,000,000,000 and
more, and you are levying taxes upon the peo-
ple of the country to pay the interest upon this
enormous debt, and you propose to pay a por-
tion of the principal. U kere is the money to
come from? There is taxation burdensome,
onerous, upon all classes of the community, a
stamp upon everything, the necessaries of life
two or threefold higher in price than hereto-
fore, and you suppose the people of this coun-
try are so absolutely demented that for mere
love of the idle, worthless negro race they are
going to submit to all this burden of taxation,
and that this false philanthropy, the parent of
idleness and vagabondism as far as that race
is concerned, is going to waft you again into
the seats of power and that a tax-ridden and
tax-burdened people are going to hail you as
the great party to save the country upon the
principles of liberty and there to meet you
with liosannas wherever you bear your partisan
standards and east their votes to continue you
m the high places of power.
Sir, there are periods in the history of the
world, of all nations and people, when mad-
ness seizes upon the mind, when tiie judgment
flies to brutish beasts. We have for a long
time been in that situation, passing through it,
in it, however, still; but, thank God, the symp-
toms of a political and a bright dawning begin
to appear. The people of this country at least
are beginning to wake up to the true character
of this legislation. Sirs, you sit not quietly in
your seats ; you are not entirely calm when you
can be so alarmed at the call lor a little meet-
ing in Philadelphia. It shows that you your-
selves begin to think that there is something
in your past political action that the judgment
of the American people may not approve. You
cannot pretend now that we are in the midst
of a war. You cannot set up that plea of ne-
cessity, the last refuge of every man without
any legal authority to support his action. You
cannot set up such a plea as that, and say that
there is any necessity for this Freedmen's Bu-
reau. When the people of this country are
called upon for their taxes, which, in part, are
to be appropriated to the support of this Freed-
men's Bureau, you cannot plead that we are
now in a state of war and it is necessary to
break down the military power at the South;
it is necessary to preserve the integrity of the
country; for I presume that iii view of your
legislation you yourselves will even now blush
to say that you ever have preserved the Ameri-
can Union._ You can plead none of these
things. It is a direct, plain, palpable propo-
sition to the American peopleto put their hands
in their pockets, pull out the earnings of their
labor, and appropriate them to support the
negroes ih idleness. It seems to me that you
believe sincerely and honestly that they will
respond to such a call as that.
_ But, Mr. President,' there is a feature in this
bill that undertakes to declare and almost un-
dertakes to say that that shall be so which can-
not in the very nature of things be so. This
bill says that these agents of the Freedmen's
Bureau, these guardian angels of the saintly
negroes, these protectors of the idols of your
heart, shall be under the military protection
and subject to the military jurisdiction of the
United States. What are they ? Are they per-
sons belonging to the Army or Navy of the
United States? And can you by act of Con-
gress say that A B, who in fact is in civil life,
shall for certain purposes be considered as
belonging to the military service? If you can
say that the agents of this Freedmen's Bureau,
who cultivate the cotton lands of the South by
negro labor for their own benefit, and who dis-
pense your alms to those freed negroes, shall
be under the military jurisdiction and protee-,
tion of the United States, you may say that
every member of this Senate and every private
citizen of the United States shall be subject to
the military protection and under the military
jurisdiction oftheUnitedStates;thatheshallbe
protected by and have a remedy by and through
the rnilitary power of the United States. How,
sir, do you reconcile that with the Constitution
of the United States, which declares that all
civilians shall be subject to the civil law, and
that only those persons who are engaged in
the land and naval forces shall be subject to
the military jurisdiction of the United States?
An attempt is made by this bill, therefore,
to subvert a plain, palpable provision of the
Federal Constitution by rendering civilians
subject to military jurisdiction and affording
them military protection. And what will be the
consequence of this ? If one of these agents,
clothed with a little brief authority, dares to
invade the right of any citizen of any State in
which he shall be located, and the citizen seeks
redress in the courts of law against him, you
say by your bill that lie shall be subject to the
militaryjurisdiction and have the protection of
the military power. You bring him in direct
conflict with the civil authority of the States
wherever any branch of this B'reedmen's Bu-
reau shall be located. He is to be protected
by the military authority of the United States,
and you exempt him in fact from trial for any
wrong whatever, murder, breach of the peace,
or any crime that can be committed. You ex-
empt the party committing such offenses from
responsibility to the civil tribunals. Some
little military hero, who perhaps has never
smelled gunpowder in battle, but who has been
placed in charge of this Freedmen's Bureau, is
to step in and say to the highest courts in the
States and to the highest civil authority, "Yon
shall not take cognizance of offenses against
the laws, for I am the great man, above the
State law and all State authority, that is to
determine whether this one of the pet lambs of
congressional legislation shall be held amenable
for his action or not.''
This provision of this bill is totally subver-
sive of the civil law of the land, and it is sub-
jecting the civil authority in time of peace to
the military authority. But, sir, that is not all.
There is another provision of this bill. It used
to be thought that it required many years of
long labor and study to become a judge. It
used to be a maxim that twenty years at least
were required; but, sir, you are making judges
fast. These commissioners and agents are by
the provisions of this bill actually constituted
judges—men who neither know the definition
of an estate for life, for years, or in fee, who
