3842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
know nothing in tlie world about land except
they see tlie dirt of which it is composed and
the vegetation that springs out of the ground.
They are made judges, and judges in reference
to title to lands, and judges, too, from whose
decision there is to be no appeal. This bill ex-
pressly declares that these commissioners and
agents shall determine the title to lands, and
it gives no appeals from their very learned and
grave decision. Any ignoramus that has never
seen a law book, and perhaps if he ever saw
one could not read it, and every fellow who
never conceived a principle of law or a prin-
ciple of justice, is to sit in salaam judgment in
reference to the title to estates, and from his
decision no aggrieved party can appeal.
Mr. President, I question not the motives
of others ; I have no right to question them ;
but 1 have a right to speak my own honest
opinions, and I think that the wit of man could
not have framed a bill obnoxious to more seri-
ous objections in point of law than this bill
to extend the operations of the Freedmen's
Bureau ; and certainly if it had been the de-
sign to frame a bill impolitic in its character,
unwise in its provisions, ingenuity could not
have possibly devised a bill to accomplish such
a purpose more effectually than this. But,
Mr. President, it is a foregone conclusion that
this bill is to pass. A war, it seems, has been
got up between the President of the United
^States and another portion of his party. The
hostile armies on either side are arrayed. I
will not be even a private in the ranks of
either. I support the President wherever I
believe he is right, and I oppose him where
ever I believe he is wrong; ana while I believe
that you by your legislation are greatly pro-
moting his political interests, and pei-adven-
ture may lead to a renewal of his term of office,
yet I claim not to belong to his party nor to
yours—neither detachment nor wing of the
party. But, sir, it seems this war has been got
up, feeling has been engendered; and then
when the President of the United States sends
in a message assigning the strongest possible
reasons why your bill should not become a
law of the land, the bill must be fought out on
this line though it takes all summer—no truce,
no cessation of hostilities. All I have got to
say is, keep on if you think there is no here-
after. It will riot be long before the Ameri-
can people will decide upon the merits of this
controversy. Passion is not going to last
always; men are not going to be maddened
always; the time for clear deliberation and
calm thoughtfnlness will come at last, and,
when it does come, I apprehend the reaction
will be as powerful as was the invasion of con-
stitutional liberty and constitutional principles
by the now dominant party.
The people of this country will not always
submit to this species of legislation, but re-
sorting to the peaceful method of the ballot-
box, tired of the control and mismanagement
of a party that keeps one third of this Union
practically out of the Union, which shuts the
halls of legislation against the representatives
of eleven States of the Union, and assumes to
legislate not only for the States they represent
but for those who are denied a voice in the
councils of the nation, the time will come, I
humbly hope and believe, when the American
people, aroused to a sense of their own dignity
and their own character and their own interests
will, by filling these Halls with representatives
of their will, forever put an end to this species
of legislation and again restore the Govern-
ment to the principles upon which it was ad-
ministered by the founders of the Republic.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass, the objections of
the President not withstanding? This question,
under the Constitution, will be taken by yeas
and nays.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 33
nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Crumn, Cresweil, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fos-
ter,Grimes, Harris. Henderson, Howard. Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spraguo, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—33. .  
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Gutn-
rie, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougrall.Nesnrith, Nor-
ton, Riddle, Sanlsbury, and Van Winkle—12.
. ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Laneof Kansas,
and Wright—4.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two_thirds
of this body have passed the bill, and it hav-
ing been certified to this House that two thirds
of the House of Representatives have voted
for this bill, the objections of the President
notwithstanding, and two thirds of this body
having also voted for the bill, after reconsider-
ation, the objections of the President notwith-
standing, I now pronounce that this bill has
become a law.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives announced that the Speaker of the House
had signed the enrolled bill (S. No. 222) fur-
ther to prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses ; and it was signed by the President pro
tempore.
indian appropriation bill.
The message also announced that the House
agreed to some, disagreed to others, and agreed
with amendments to other amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 387) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes for the year ending the 80th of
June, 1867; asked a conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses, and appointed
Mr. J. A. Kasson of Iowa, Mr. W. E. Niblack
of Indiana, and Mr. Sidney Clarke of Kan-
sas, managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
Indian appropriation bill with a view to the
appointment of a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 387) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1867, disa-
greed to by the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendments disagreed to by the
House and agree to the conference asked by
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Chair.
The motion wag agreed to.
house bills reeerred.
The following bill and joint resolution of the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (H. R. No. 787) exempting pensions
from the internal revenue tax—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 188) for the
appointment of a commission upon transpor-
tation between the western States and the
Atlantic sea-board—to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move now to take up
the Northern Pacific railroad bill and as I
yielded for the purpose of acting on the Presi-
dent's veto, I hope the Senate will consent to
take it up. I do not propose to go on with it
this evening any further.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will come up to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. Not unless it is taken up
now.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
387) to secure the speedy construction of the
Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph line,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 16, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of States and Territories for bills
and joint resolutions on leave, to be referred
to their appropriate committees, and not to'
be brought back into the House by motions to
reconsider.
john gordon.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill to increase
the pay of John Gordon, principal messenger
to the Postmaster General; which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
preemption and homestead laws.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill amendatory
of the preemption and homestead laws; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
minnesota railroad grant.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill making
a grant of land to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the construction of a branch railroad from
the waters of Lake Superior to the British pos-
sessions; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ceding public lands to states.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill ceding-
the public lands to the several States in which
they lie; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
order op business.
The call of States and Territories for bills
and joint resolutions having been concluded,
the next business in order during the morning
hour was the conclusion of the call of States
and Territories for resolutions, commencing
with the Territory of Colorado, where the call
rested on Monday last.
No resolutions were introduced under that
call.
The next business in order was the consid-
eration of resolutions which have laid over
under the rule.
transportation from the west.
The first resolution was the following, sub-
mitted by Mr. Raymond on the 2d of April:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring.) That a commission of "five persons be
appointed by the President of the United States to
consider and report to Congress at its next session
upon the necessity of some more speedy, cheap, and
reliable means of transportation between the western
States and the Atlantic sea-board; and to submit
some plan, whether by law or treaty, whereby the
national Government can aid in providing for said
necessity if it shall be found to exist: Provided, That
said commissioners shall receive no compensation for
their services, and no payment of any kind except
for such traveling expenses as they may actually
incur in discharging the duties imposed upon them
by this resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. I presume there will be
no opposition to the passage of this resolution.
Its object is simply to consider the question of
promoting speedy and cheap communication
between the western and eastern sections of
the country. It involves no expense, nothing
but an investigation and expression of opinion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ray-
mond] that as this resolution provides for an
appointment to be made by the President, it
should be a joint resolution and not a concur-
rent resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. I accept the suggestion
of the Chair, and will modify it so as to make
it a joint resolution.
The joint resolution was then reaa a first
and second time, ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the
