962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
illation of the State in assigning it Representa-
tives.
Now, one of two tilings must happen in a
State in case this amendment be adopted. Ne-
gro or Asiatic suffrage must be accepted, or
the Sttitc will bo stripped of a portion of the
power which she now holds under the Consti-
tution. This is, therefore, a penal amendment.
While it assumes to leave the State free to reg-
ulate ,suffrage for itself, it imposes a penalty
upon it if it decide in a particular way. No
matter how strong, or even imperative, may
be I lie reasons against, lowering the standard of
suffrage in u State to the capacity of the negro
or Chinaman, the State must do it or bo stripped
of the constitutional right to full representation
which she now holds. It is virtually a decision
by Congress that to withhold negro suffrage to
any extent or for any cause is criminal and
justly obnoxious to punishment, and that that
punishment shall be imposed by three fourths^
of the States upon the remainder by means of
a constitutional amendment.
Again, the amendment makes no change in
the apportionment of direct taxes among the
Btat.es. They are to be apportioned according
to the whole population. '1'here is to be no
abatement, iu proportion to the disfranchise-
ment of the State in her representation, al-
though under the Constitution as it stands aud
always has stood, taxation and representation
arc put upon the same basis. While the rule
for the latter is changed, the rule for the for-
mer is to remain unaltered.
But it must, be manifest that if either is to
be changed, it. .should be the rule of taxation.
The grow tli of the country, aggregating wealth
in particular districts and Slates, lo a greater
extent than in others, has made the constitu-
tional rule of taxation unequal aud objection-
able. An old State, and especially a manu-
facturing State, is much more able to pay taxes
than a new Slate, or an agricultural one; and
the distribution of taxation according to num-
bers will press much more heavily upon the
latter than upon the former. An amendment
of the rule, therefore, which would impose
ta\es uiuoug the Stales according to the taxa-
ble properly in each, instead of according to
the number of inhabitants, might stand abun-
dantly justified upon grounds of justice and
convenience. But no such change is proposed
by this amendment. Whatever inconvenience
or hardship arises from the present, rule, is dis-
regarded, and il is lel'twholly untouched ; while
the rule ofrepresoiitative apportionment, which
invokes neither inconvenience nor hardship,
but proceed,; upon a just principle of equality,
is to lie amended in a manner most odious and
objectionable.
This amendment is supporled in part, upon
the ground that, by emancipation two fifths of
the slave population are, under the operation
of the existing Constitution, added to the rep-
resentative basis in the southern States; that
therefore an amendment is necessary Lo pre-
vent a positive increase of southern power.
This argument may lie repelled upon several
grounds, which 1 proceed to state:
1. The rule for counting the whole popula-
tion was originally intended to be restrained
only so long as slavery should ovist. It was
intended by the lathers that whenever eman-
cipation tool: place in a State, the emancipated
population should pass into the representative
ba.-i-s. Therefore, iu amending the Constitution
as proposed. we defeat their intent ion and over-
rule their judgment upou this subject. J lave
we not been told a thousand times that the
fathers expected slavery to cease in the coun-
try, and took that expectation into account in
framing the fundamental law? They did not
even admit the, term ''slaves" or "slavery''
into the Constitution, but described slaves, in
the clause we are consideting, as " other per-
sons." after naming fiee men, and in the
fugitive slave elauec as "persons held to ser-
vice and labor." They gave Congress author-
ity to prohibit the slave trade alter 1808. under
the words "prohibiting migration or immigra-
tion of persons," aud it was well known lo them
that the States had then already begun to eman-
cipate their slaves. The Pennsylvania statute of
emancipation had been passed a few years be-
fore, and other States had taken, or were about
to take, steps in the same direction. Unques-
tionably, therefore, they contemplated that the
three-fifths clause would expend itself in the
course of time, and that the whole population
of the States would fall within the rule of rep-
resentation which they established. I say,then,
with confidence, that we have now realized a
state of things which they foresaw, and for which
they made provision; thatomancipation, caused
by the war, is not an unexpected or unforeseen
event, requiring a change of the constitutional
rule which they established, if wo are to be
guided by the views and opinions which they
held upon the subject of representation. Nor,
in this point of view, can it make any differ-
ence that emancipation is produced by our act
instead of the voluntary action of the States
themselves. In decreeing emancipation and
enforcing it upon the States, we accepted all its
appropriate consequences, including some en-
largement of the representative basis. That it
was our act instead of the act of the States we
propose lo disfranchise, can be no reason for
imposing upon them the present amendment.
2. The argument is plainly insufficient, be-
cause it covers but a part of the subject-matter
of the amendment. rlhe argument applies only
to two fifths of the slave population emancipated
by the war. But the amendment applies to the
whole negro population, whether slave or free be-
fore the war, wherever suffrage is withheld from
them. It strikes heavily at the representation
of Maryland, Kentucky, and other States which
did not join the rebellion, and everywhere ex-
cludes colored non-voters, whether slave or free
before the war, from computation. The free
negroes of Pennsylvania and of Maryland are
to be excluded from enumeration 'upon an
argument which has no relation to them.
'The argument does not take into account
the rate of mortality in the slave population
since the outbreak of the war. That mortality
has been very great., and has been estimated to
amount to a fifth part of the whole. I do not
think it impossible that the census of 1870 will
show a decrease of the negro population within
the late slave States, as compared with the cen-
sus of 18(>0, of much more ihan one million.
At all events, the rate; of mortality during the
last four years and now is fearfully great, and
though it cannot be exactly stated, it is a fact
which must, not be overlooked. But to the
whole extent of decreased numbers among this
people the argument 1 am answering fails, and
it may be still further weakened hereafter.
4. But. if the argument were perfectly sound
and satisfactory, it would not justify this amend-
ment, but one of a very different character, if
the addition of two fifths of the late slave pop-
ulation to the representative basis of some of
the States is an unjust or pernicious change
requiring a constitutional amendment to cor-
rect it, that amendment would properly be one
which simply removed the cause of complaint;
and an amendment which would provide that
two fifths of the negro population, late slaves,
and their descendants, should not, be counted,
although free, would meet the whole require-
ment of the argument now under notice. And
if it should be said that sueli an amendment
could not be conveniently applied, 1 answer
that one nearly equivalent to it, and more con-
vonientof application, might be substituted. At
all events, the argument does not support the
amendment now pending, which departs from
if to the whole extent of the free colored pop-
ulation before the war, to the whole extent of
three, fifrhs of the slave population, and also
of all Asiatic inhabitants in the Pacific States.
Of course 1 state this point according to the
existing facts, suffrage being withheld from the
negro and other inferior races in all the States
where their numbers are considerable, my own
included.
Having answered this particular argument
brought forward in support of the amendment,
it only remains to consider whether the rule of
representation according to population, or the
whole number of persons in a State, is not the
proper one for general adoption. The excep-
tional ease of a population part slave is now
removed from our problem, and we may con-
sider it without reference to that disturbing
cause. Certainly our fathers thought popula-
tion to be the proper basis, for they established
it for themselves and for us, limited only by a
temporary provision, which met the exceptional
case of the slave. Certainly even the commit-
tee of fifteen thought population a better basis
than any other, for they do not suggest prop-
erty, electoral qualification, territory, or any
other general basis as a substitute. And if we
pass from authority to reason, what can be
more clear than the convenience and equality-
of the rule of population? Our question con-
cerns the representation of States as such, and'
a rule which shall be perfectly uniform as to
all, and operate equally upon all, is the rule
alike of justice and of wisdom. Your amend-
ment strikes at the States with unequal hand;
a part of them will be wholly unaffected by it,
while upon others it will be, and was intended
to be, an instrument to coerce their internal
policy, or to punish them for the free and inde-
pendent exercise of their own judgment. On
the contrary, the rule of population presses no-
where and offends nowhere. It offers no bribe
on the one hand, and inflicts no punishment on
the other. It tends to harmony, because it pro-
duces no discontent. Besides, what better rule
for the security of local interests than that of
population can be conceived ? That of voters is
open to most weighty objections, some of which
have been well stated, both in this Senate and
in the House. That of property is odious and'
anti-republican. One based on territorial di-
visions is out of the question. The only possi-
ble one is that which already obtains for the
Senate, and is inapplicable to the more popu-
lar branch of Congress. I conclude, therefore,
that population is the simplest,, most conven-
ient, the most equal, and the safest of all rules
which can be proposed for popular representa-
tion, and that it is necessary alike to particu-
lar interests in a State and to the common in-
terests and welfare of all the States. I would
leave the existing rule unchanged, with the
expression of an earnest hope that it may re-
main unchanged forever, or at least so long as
our Republic continues to bo one of the Powers
of the earth. I would not exchange it for any
other rule whatever, if opportunity offered, but
would maintain it and pass it on to those who
come after us. I might agree to modify it in
its particular application to some community
or class of persons in the spirit which prompted
our fathers in the adoption of the three-fifths
clause; but this would be a concession to partic-
ular circumstances, constituting an exception
lo the rule and not an abandonment of the rule
itself.
For the present, in passing upon the Blaine
amendment, we can have no difficulty in deter-,
mining that the exception which it proposes to
the rule of population is most offensive, unrea-
sonable, and unjust. I shall very willingly
contribute one of the votes by which it shall
be condemned.
But there are general objections which stand
opposed to any propositions of amendments
at this time by Congress—I mean the submis-
sion by Congress of amendments to the States
for their adoption.
1. First in order is the objection, and it is a
great if not fatal one, that eleven States are
unrepresented in the Senate and House. They
are not heard in debates which may affect their
interests and welfare in all future time. Nor
can those who represent them vote here upon
any question. I know it maybe said that these
States withdrew from our companionship in
18G1, and that by their own fault they stand
unrepresented here. This was the answer to
the argument that they were absent when the
amendment abolishing slavery was under con-
sideration in Congress. But I insist that the.
case has wholly changed since that time. They
were then voluntarily absent. They were des-
