1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
968
tituto of State organizations which -were in
accord with us and submissive to our Consti-
tution and laws, and majorities of their popula-
tions were hostile to us and overbore the loyal
parts. Ihere was then tolal Slate incapacity,
self-produced, for any action whatever within
thin Government. They discharged here no
duties and they could exercise no powers. But
how stands the case now ? What a change from
that day of conflict to this of pcace; from re-
bellion _ to submission; from hostile State or-
ganizations to loyal ones! Those States are
not now absent of choice, but by our own act,
or our failure to act. Their representatives
stand at our doors, competent and willing to
take part in our proceedings, and to assist in
the common work of government. The reason
which existed on a former occasion, or which
was'urged upon a former occasion, for our sep-
arate action in proposing an amendment to
the Constitution wholly fails in the present
case. There is no necessity now that we act
alone ; and if we do act alone it will be an act
of choice and not of compulsion. Let the
whole country be represented here before we
enter upon the very grave work of changing
the fundamental law which is to extend to all
and to bind all.
2. Another objection to immediate amend-
ment is the probability that any amendment
made tit this time will be a partisan amend-
ment. The party in the majority for the time
being will, naturally enough, seek to perpet-
uate its power, to secure itself against future
changes of public sentiment, in any amendment
which it may propose. It is not obliged to
consult or conciliate any opposing interest in
proposing or passing a resolution through the
two Houses of Congress. Possessing a two-
thirds vote in each House, it can do and per-
form its will in defiance of any opposition or
remonstrance. Thetemptatiou to frame amend-
ments i n the interest of a party will be too strong
for self-resistance by the majority. Possessing
uncontrolled, unchecked power tor the immedi-
ate purpose in hand, it is idle to expect impar-
tial action from it. But God forbid that the
Constitution should be made the subject of mere
party amendment! The tact will be both bad
in itself and of evil example ill future times.
The excesses and injustice of parly, as exhib-
ited in ordinary legislation, can be speedily
corrected. Laws can be modified or repealed
with great facility whenever their imperfections
become manifest; but the Constitution is a
permanent instrument, and bad provisions
once placed in it cannot be easily removed.
a. The members of this Congress were not
chosen with any reference to the subject of
constitutional amendment. Their action will
be voluntary upon this subject, and quite un-
prompted by any public seniiment manifested
in their election. It is but reasonable that
some popular consideration should be given to
questions of amendment before they are sane- !
tinned or proposed by Congress, lint no such I
consideration has been given by the people to J
any one of the various amendments which are !
now proposed hero. Besides, this is a war '
Concress. chosen when passions were warm and ]
violence abroad in the land. It must neces- I
sarilv partake of the passions of the time when 1
its members were chosen, and be less suited to !
the calm duties ot statesmanship involved in j
proposing amendments. j
4. hatever amendments are now proposed ■
by Congress are lobe submitted to Legislatures, '
and not to popular comentions in the States ; i
and most of those Legislatures are to be the !
oni's now in se^ion. The people are not to act
upon the amendments directly, nor to consider
them in any way whatever; they are not even 1
to be allowed the privilege of electing members i
of their Legislatures with reference to the ques-
tion of ratification. So that, in point of fact,
the people are not to consider amendments in
electing the members of Congress who propose
them, nor in selecting the Legislatures which
are to ratify or adopt them. They are to be
exe 1 tided from any direct connection with the
whole proceeding, frombeginningtoend. Now,
sir, I am opposed to party amendments, pro-
posed suddenly here, in the absence of members
from nearly one third of the States, without any
instigation or prior knowledge of the people,
and to be adopted by Legislatures chosen with-
out any reference to the questions we thrust
upon them.
_ 5. Finally, in submitting amendments at this
time, we invite a dispute upon the question of
the_ degree of legislative assent necessary to
their adoption, if ratified by the Legislatures
of less than three fourths of all the States, their
validity will be denied, and their enforcement
resisted. That denial must be made, not only
by the unrepresented States, but by all men in
the country who hold the views of the last and
of the present executive Administrations. And
the fact of the attempt to force an amendment
upon the country against so large a mass of
opinion will only produce "bad"" blood" and
increase the difficulties of our situation. You
will not, probably, get your amendments as-
sented to by the number of Slates which, in the
opinion of the President and Secretary of State,
are nccessary to their adoption. And then the
question comes up, is it wise to raise this sub-
ject of difference to disturb our future counsels?
Besides, it is to be considered that the very
manner, the sjjirit in which these amendments
are proposed is well calculated to defeat their
cordial acceptance by the whole country. The
whole proceeding looks like a piece of sharp
management by a congressional majority to con-
solidate their own power, and to force amend-
ments upon the people of the country, or at
least upon a largo part of them, without full
consideration and their free assent.
But if amendments are to be proposed at this
time, I insist that the whole subject of amend-
ment shall be opened, and that we shall not be
confined to those which have already emanated
from the committee of fifteen, or been presented
in the two Houses. There are others much
more deserving of favor andadoption, and much
more likely to receive, ultimately, that degree
and extent of favor which should always sup-
port constitutional changes.
The first is a change in senatorial represen-
tation to remove or mitigate existing inequality,
which might assume the form suggested by me m
a former part of my present remarks. I mean the
division of the States into three classes, accord-
ing to numbers of population, and assigning a
different representation to each class. To meet
any large increase of population hereafter, with
a consequent inconvenient increase in the num-
ber of Senators, it will be well also to provide
that the numbers upon which the classification
is based shall be raised hereafter, some rule of
proportion between them being still retained.
If it should be said that the concluding clause
of the fifth article of the existing Constitution
stands opposed to any improvement in the rule
of senatorial representation, I answer that that
clause itself may be rescinded. If it be alleged 1
that such amendment would be revolutionary
in character, or at lea-,t a violation of the faith
pledged by the States to each oilier in forming
the Constitution, f answer, it'would no more
bear such imputation than would an amend-
ment regulating suffrage in the States, or any
other which would concern the internal policy
of any State, which may be independent of, or '
remotely connected with, those general objects \
for which the Constitution was made ; and such j
objection will apply with equal force to the j
amendment already adopted for the abolition 1
of slavery in the Stales. In fact, the abolition :
amendment, and amendments rcguhuing State i
suffrage, or other question of exclusive State ;
policy, would be niaeh more obnoxious to the ;
objection than one regulating representation in
the Senate of the United State?. For the latter ;
would relate to a Federal question wholly be- \
yond separate State action, and capable of regu- !
lation only in a new form, by the amendment i
power of the Constitution. J
If. then, amendments of the Constitution are i
now to be proposed, this one must bo consid- j
ered. and its consideration will be pressed. If
the hand of reform is to be laid upon our fun- I
j damental law, it must not bepei-mitted to strike
i inferior points where change is desired, and
omit to strike this point of senatorial inequal-
lt:T- That inequality must be corrected, and it
will be corrected. Six States out of thirty-
six, or out of the greater number which we
will have hereafter, cannot successfully resist
a proposition to deprive them of an unjust or
inordinate power in the Government, in dero-
gation of the interests and against the opinions
and will of the other States. I say, then, that
if representation in this Government is to be
changed at all by constitutional amendment,
the representation of the East must and will
be reduced to an equality with that of other
sections of the Union; and to this work the
Representatives of the great States will devote
themselves with a zeal and perseverance which
will know no abatement until justice shall be
secured.
But there is another improvement in repre-
sentation, infinitely more important than any
yet mentioned, to which the attention of Con-
gress and of the American people should be
earnestly directed. Xo other possible change
relating to representation ean compete with it
in importance, or produce results equally ben-
eficial.
In elections of members of Congress, we
apply or use a majority, or rather a plurality
rule. The candidate receiving the greatest
number of votes in any case is elected; and all
votes given to other candidates are dropped or
lost. Our Government, therefore, instead of
being a Government of the people, is in fact a
Government of but a part of the people ; and
our fundamental principle, accepted in theory
by all, is imperfectly applied. I conceive that
the political evils which afflict us, that most of
the imperfections in the practical working of
our system of government, flow from this cause.
Thepeopleare to govern themsehes: all author-
ity is to rest upon the consent of the governed.
This is what we proclaim as our fundamental
doctrine, and yet we do not apply it, except
partially, in our electoral arrangements. M.
Guizot, in his History of the Origin of liepre-
sentative Government, well points out the in-
consistency of the claim of a majority to abso-
lute power, with the other principle, which
affirms a right in every individual to be gov-
erned only by those laws to which he has given
his assent. The two things are utterly incom-
patible, and can never be made to harmonize.
Many persons talk loosely and foolishly about
the sacred principle that the majority shall
rule, and Mr. Jefferson's emphatic observation,
in his first inaugural address, inculcating abso-
lute acquiescence in the decisions of the major-
ity, is frequently quoted, anil as frequently mis-
applied. Now, that the majority shall govern,
is not our fundamental principle, but a rule,
and is used by us, along with other rules, to
accomplish our purpose of government by the
people. We use the majority rule, the plu-
rality rule, the two-thirds rule, and the three-
fourths rule, according to circumstances, and
upon considerations of convenience and expe-
diency.
A majority rule for popular elections, when
found to be inconvenient in practice, gives placo
to a plurality rule, as our experience shows. The
science of government is progressive, and the
discussion and illustration which republican
principles have undergone during the last cen-
tury have enlarged the minds of men, and
enabled them to obtain conceptions which were
before impossible. We now understand that
the majority rule for elections is a rude and
imperfect contrivance: that it inevitably creates
and inflames to the highest extent the passions
of party ; that it ostracizes from the public ser-
vice many of the best and the ablest men of the
country; and that it injects into popular elec-
tions very much of the corruption and violence
by which they are degraded and di ^graced.
Unquestionably if but a part of the people are
to bear rule and to act their pleasure in affairs
of government, it is better that the majority
should bear such rule than that the minority
should. But why should a part of the people
