1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DAILY IIOUR 01' MEETING.
The next resolution was the following, offered
by Mr. Price on the 9th instant:
Resolved, That on and after Tuesday, the 10th in-
stant, and until otherwise ordered, the House will
commence its sessions at eleven o'clock a. m.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the word "tenth" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the word "seventeenth."
I presume the House is well satisfied by this
time that there is very urgent necessity for the
passage of this resolution, and I therefore call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was taken upon the resolution
as amended ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 51, noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKEl!, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Price and J.
L. Thomas.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 51.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
right oj? way military reservations.
The SPEAKER. The next business in or-
der is a joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) con-
cerning the right of way of railroad companies
through military reservations, and for other pur-
poses. This resolution was introduced on the
9th of July by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Axdersojt,] under the call of States, and,
giving rise to debate, it went over under the
rules. The question is on ordering the resolu-
tion to be engrossed and read the third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that, subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States, to be filed with the
Secretary of the Interior, the fight of way not
exceeding one hundred feet in width on each
side of the track, with the necessary grounds
for depots and stations, shall be granted to all
railroad companies for the construction and
operation of their roads over and upon all
military reserves. The President is authorized
to restore from time to time to the public do-
main any portion of such reserve over or near
which the Union Pacific railroad or any of its
branches may pass, and which shall not be
required for military purposes ; the same, when
so restored, to be subject to existing laws con-
cerning public lands in the same manner as if
the reserve had never been made. It is provided
further that the President shall not permit the
construction of any railroad upon any such
reserve, or diminish such reserve in any man-
ner so as to impair its usefulness for military
purposes so long as it shall be required there-
for.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Has this
joint resolution been before any committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Missouri to state last Monday
that the resolution had been considered by the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ANDERSON. ' Mr. Speaker, this reso-
lution was considered by the Committee on
Public Lands, who are unanimous in recom-
mending its passage. The resolution grew out
of a petition to Congress to grant the right of
way to the eastern division, Union Pacific rail-
road, through the Port Riley reservation. Gen-
eral Grant, General Sherman, and other mili-
tary officers who have examined the matter,
are not in favor of granting the right of way to
this railroad through that particular reserva-
tion, but are willing that there should be granted
four or five thousand acres of the lands reserved
for military purposes, but the committee thought
it would be sufficient to grant one hundred feet,
on each side of the road. When this resolu-
tion was introduced the other day, several gen-
tlemen rose to debate it, and there seemed to
be objection to it. But I do not see why there
should be objection to the measure. The whole
matter is subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent. There are some twenty-two thousand
acres of land in the Port Riley reservation.
Under this joint resolution not more than one
thousand acres will be taken for railroad pur-
poses, leaving still twenty-one thousand acres
for the reservation. The War Department states
that the fort will be abandoned in the course
of a year, and that nineteen thousand acres will
be amply sufficient for all military purposes.
The resolution does not grant the right of way
except subject to the approval of the President,
and not even in that event if the land is neces-
sary for military purposes. I hope gentlemen
will not persist in their objections to the meas-
ure. I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
when 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Anderson"] yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois?
Mr. ANDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When the
gentleman from Missouri, on last Monday, asked
the House to pass this bill, I had to interpose
a very resolute objection, and I think that the
House will second me to-day in that objection,
when the attention of members is called to the
first section. I desire particularly the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs to this point, for the bill, would
appropriately come from that committee, if
from any. The first section provides—
That, subject to the approval of the President of
the United States, to be made and filed with the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the vi^rht of way. not exceeding
one hundred feet in width on each side of the track,
with the necessary grounds for depots and stations,
is hereby granted to all railroad companies for the
construction and operation of their roads over and
upon all military reserves.
This proposes that every railroad in the Uni-
ted States shall have the right to go over the
military reservations of the country 
Mr. ANDERSON. Subject to the approval
of the President.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As every
bill is subject to the approval of the President;
and I hope that he will veto a great many ajlls
of this kind. Now, sir, can we afford to pass
such a bill? I think the House will not con-
sent to pass any such measure; and I hope the
gentleman from Missouri will withdraw his call
for the previous question, and consent to the
reference of the bill to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. ANDERSON. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Missouri having yielded the floor to
me, I will avail myself of the opportunity to
say that I trust no general resolution or act of
this kind will be passed. There have been
three or four applications for the privilege of
constructing railroads through military reser-
vations at this session of Congress, each one
of which in succession has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, each one of
which has been carefully considered, and the
report in each case has been made, allowing
the privilege, but restricting it according to the
particular circumstances of the case.
Now, for instance, one application was made
for the construction of a road along the border
of the Columbia river, between a bluff and the
river, to which this resolution would not at all
apply, where there was not one hundred feet
to be given on either side, or scarcely one hun-
dred feet at all; and after the consideration of
the whole matter it was found absolutely essen-
tial to guard the public interest by putting in a
provision not more than was barely sufficient
should bo occupied for the track, and there
should be no houses or constructions of any
kind in connection with the railroad which
should interfere with any other car.al or i ail-
road that may be constructed hereafter be-
tween the bluff and the river. The committee,
after examination, came to the conclusion
there was underneath the application, if not
designed, at least the possibility of the rail-
road having the entire monopoly of the transit
along that route to the exclusion of any other
public interest in all time to come.
Again, in the case of a horse railway be-
tween the city of Leavenworth and Fort Leav-
enworth, it was found necessary to require
that, if operated by steam, the railroad should
run beneath the bank to be out of the way,
and not to obstruct the military reservation for
the proper use of the Government; and they
found more than fifty feet could not be granted,
while this authorizes a grant not exceeding
one hundred feet. My inference from all this
is, the United States, as the proprietor of
these military i-eservations, ought to grant, ac-
cording to the special circumstances of each
case, the privilege when applied for, and no
general act whatever is necessary. There have
beenj as I have said, three or four applica-
tions, each one of which has differed from the
other, and the recommendation of the com-
mittee in each case has been made to conform
to the circumstances of the case. I think that
had better be the way hereafter. Under a gen-
eral law an opening may be left under the
broad discretion granted which may be abused.
I hope, therefore, the resolution may be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs to
consider the necessity and propriety of such a
general law. That committee has had under
consideration three or four special cases, each
of which has been acted on, as I have said,
according to the peculiar circumstances attend-
ing it. I move to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALLISON. It seems to me that this res-
olution goes furtherthan it would seem from the
explanation given by the member who reports
this resolution. It is provided in the second
clause that the President shall restore from time
to time to the public domain any portion of
said reserves over or near the Union Pacificrail-
road, or any of its branches, which shall not be
required for military purposes, the same, when
so restored, to be subject to the existing laws
concerningthe public lands in the same manner
they would have been if said reserves had never
been made. Thisresolutionwillnotonly grant
the right of way, but, if those lands are restored
to the public domain, it will grant to these com-
panies a large portion of the public lands in ad-
dition. These military reservations comprise
many thousands of acres of the most valuable
lands. The resolution should not pass.
Mr. ANDERSON. There has been more
opposition than [ expected, and I do not ob-
ject to the reference of the resolution.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was_ referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The next business in or-
der is the call of the States and Territories for
resolutions and bills on leave, in inverse order,
commencing with the Territory of Montana.
public mineral lands *
Mr. HIGBY introduced a bill to legalize the
occupation of the public mineral lands and to
extend the right of preemption thereto ; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr, HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY'. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill be printed.
No objection was made, and the bill was
ordered to be printed.
pay of a MEMBER,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, I offer the following
resolution:
Ileiolved, That there be paid out: of the contingent
fund of the House to Hern. John L. Thomas, jr.,.
$1,225 34, the same being the amount olsalary_aceru-
ing between tti© 4th <ia>y of JM&rcii, I860, 1st d&y
of August, 1865.
