1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
ill the Old World, and many in the New, feared
that the American Union was crumbling into
fragments It was the mightiest conflict that
ever shook the earth. He saw from that high
theater as well of contention as of observa-
vation the rise, career, and downfall of several'
poliiical parties. Of such long experience,
full of years and full of honors, wise and pru-
dent, pure and upright, brave but philosophic,
surely Solomox Foot was the Nestor among
his official peers.
Few men's opinions were ever sought with
more respect or received with more reverence
than his. In the midst of a revolution second
only to the "reign of terror" which drenched
France with blood, and filled her beautiful
cities and gardens with the graves of her people,
when all ondfcfiereest passions were aroused,
his counsels to the ends of moderation and jus-
tice, soothing and subduing the vengeful feel-
ings of the time, fell like the voice of that "old
man eloquent" under the gates of Troy.
Though he was- gifted with remarkable firm-
ness of purpose, and his mind had a sort of
Roman vigor, he was eminently a good and
eminently a mild man. It may be said that he
combined the modesty of a woman with the
constant integrity of Cato. Of Mr. Foot's
moral character I need only say that it was
without and above reproach. He was fearless
and determined in the assertion of a right, but
he was equally careful of the rights of others.
No lure and no force could seduce or drive him
to the perpetration of that which he knew to be
wrong. He had that judicial cast of mind
which constrains its possessor to analyze thor-
oughly with patience and perseverance what-
ever is submitted for decision, and to eliminate
with unerring precision all the elements of evil.
If he had not been a great Senator he would
have been a great judge.
The circumstances of Mr. Foot's departure
from this life were of too sacred and hallowed
a nature to be detailed here. Conscious that
dissolution was rapidly approaching he showed
the high qualities of his character in the reli-
gious fervor and the steadfast hope which grew
warmer and stronger as he died. To the very
latest moment he shed upon all who entered
his presence the inspirations of a large and
enlightened soul.
The last parting glance of the expiring Sen-
ator was turned to the dome of this Capitol.
He begged to be lifted that he might see it once
more—the scene of his long labors, the spot
where he had well earned the veneration of his
countrymen—and then closed his eyes on the
earth forever. It was the exhibition of the
same patriotic fervor so eloquently expressed
by Webster in his reply to Hayne. He rejoiced
to see that the flag was still there, " full high
advanced," the emblem of our nationality and
the Union of the States.
Mr. Foot has gone to his grave in the same
soil with that other pure and honored Senator
of Vermont who preceded him but a few months.
It is said that amid the mighty mountains
freedom loves to rear her brave and sturdy
children. But no mountains on the globe, not
even those of Scotland which overlook the grave
of Bruce, or those of Switzerland which cast
their shadows over that of William Tell, have
ever kept sentry over the tombs of two nobler
men or hardier patiiots than do the Green
mountains of Vermont.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, the words
of affection are few, and only those shall I utter.
It is a pleasing reflection that my early years
were spent near the mountain home of the
lamented Senator. He gave me assurance of
his friendship, and that he cherished the mem-
ory of my dearest deceased kindred furnishes me
an occasion to pay a brief and sorrowful tribute
to his character and virtues.
That biography which follows the eulogistic
sketches in the forum will place the deceased
in the front rank of our truly Americanized
gentlemen and statesmen, the measure of who:;;:
success should be unseparated from the asso-
ciations and means by which it was attained.
The grave Senator ever with emotion and pride
spoke of the rural town of Cornwall, Vermont,
where he was born. Its population is not a
thousand souls, and less than at the begin-
ning of this century, yet has the distinguishing
honor, in addition to an intelligent yeomanry,
that of furnishing thirty-six educated clergy-
men, eighteen lawyers, twenty-three physicians,
and fourteen professional teachers. Its town
institutions were the church, the lyeeum, and
the school. In the church young Solomon
was baptized; at the lyeeum he spoke to give
promise of future eminence; and the school he
left to become a teacher and college graduate,
later tutor, and founder and head of an institu-
tion of learning. He honored the vocation of
the schoolmaster and never wearied in giving
this humble profession credit for its devotion
to a refined civilization and the general welfare.
With truly American simplicity he taught our
youth-self-reliance, and for himself, who owed
nothing to wealth, the partiality of friends, or
the issue of campaigns, he regarded it as fortu-
nate that he was called in discipline to tread
the hard, rough paths of life. He was proud
of his origin ; and that filial affection of a
fatherless boy for a doting and devoted mother
was an augury of future fidelity and devotion
to the national weal most fortunately realized
in more than a quarter of a century of service,
and ending with one of the most glorious trib-
utes on record to the worth of parental instruc-
tion and the reality and value of the Christian
religion.
As husband and father he was doting and
beloved; a scholar without pedantry; a gen-
tleman free from the arts of the courtier; brave
in action without bravado; matchless in vol-
ume and sweetness of voice ; persuasive in elo-
quence, yet abstemious in speech; genial as a
companion, unwavei'ingin friendship; in society
"Pliant as reeds where streams of freedom glide;"
A Senator and statesman,
" Firm as the hills to stem oppression's tide."
Wheeling in eddies on life's stream, he could
not prevent the gaze of the multitude, and ever
in the presence of the claims of honor, mercy,
and justice, his noble heart was so moved that
this is its fitting accord and representation:
"His life was gentle, and the elements
So mixed in him, that Nature might stand up
And say to all the world, this was a man 1"
Bereaved and gallant people of Vermont,
millionsareinmourningwithyouto-day. Mem-
orable in history and conspicuous by the ser-
vice of your public servants, it has been your
fortune to furnish a noble exemplar for the
nation, reflecting in character the grandeur of
your ever-green mountains and the clearwaters
distilled in the rugged cliffs by the purity and
beneficence of his memorable life now ended.
In the shadow of the shaft of the purest
marble which will be reared to commemorate
his virtues in the chosen place of his burial,
he shall sleep with more than the honors of
a martial hero, for here he met a mightier
than earth's mailed soldier, the "king of ter-
rors," and with a smile. With a premonition
of an early dissolution, he was raised from his
pillow to gaze once more upon this Capitol, and
then, with mortal vision ended, to behold in
its brightness the city of the living God, the
home of the ransomed soul.
Mr. Speaker, the effort to enforce the lessons
of such a life illumined by divine smiles would
be almost a profane attempt. It has more
than the award of the gods. Sol crescentes
decedens duplicat umbras, and by so far as
eternity is unmeasured by time, will his setting
sun add to the lengthened shadows. I would
accept it as a high honor to have rccognized
the proffer of the service, which I would make,
by the thousands in the West who claim pater-
nity with the sons of the mountains who have
left the old house-tree, in being their honored
servant in bearing the flowers of affection from
the^ prairies, the valley, and the mountains,
moistened with their tears in memory of a friend
who now sleeps in sepulture among the people
whom he faithfully served, and by whom he
was so ardently loved.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, never before
in the history of our Government has a State
been called upon to mourn the loss of both its
Senators at a single session of Congress. Ver-
mont weeps, for her Senators are not. Only
a few days since and our tributes of sorrow
bedewed the grave and wreathed the memory of
greatly respected Senator Collamer, whose un-
blemished career had conferred honor, not only
upon his State, but upon our whole country.
Then the Senator whose decease we now mourn
spoke, in unbroken health and strength, of the
life and many virtues of his late illustrious asso-
ciate in terms of great fullness an d rare beauty;
but how remote from him was the suspicion
that in so brief a time his survivors would be
called upon to delineate his own character, his
private worth and public services, not less con-
spicuous, and though much unlike, moving in
orbits widely apart, equally meritorious. Sel-
dom has any State been represented by the
same Senators for so long a time, and still more
seldom so fittingly represented by those of so
much eminence and unquestioned integrity
and ability.
My colleague [Mr.WooDBRiDGE] has so hap-
pily and eloquently portrayed the history of
Senator Foot, while others have so generously
acknowledged his worth, that little more re-
mains for me to contribute. Like many men
who have risen to distinction in after life, (to
copy his own language applied to another,)
"he owed nothing at all to the factitious aids
or the accidental circumstances of birth or for-
tune or family patronage." Having lost his
father at the early age of seven years, he was
indebted to an excellent and pious mother for
his early training and instruction, and for the
foundation of those high-toned principles of
honor and integrity which always guided him
as a private citizen and distinguished him as a
public man. Not born to affluence, he was
while yet a boy taught the lesson of earning his
bread by the sweat of his brow. An incident
at this time shows that his ambition had early
been touched by the ethereal fire.
A man with whom he lived for a short time,
when about fourteen years of age, sent him with
a team to "drag" in some seed sown the pre-
vious day. Along in the middle of the forenoon
the team was discovered without a driver, and
the work accomplished appeared very incon-
siderable. At last young Foot was found in a
corner of the fence lying flat on the grass. To
the question as to what he was doing there he
replied, "I am thinking what I shall say when
I get to be a member of Congress." Thus
"the child is the father of the man." If any
of tljese field thoughts ever found utterance in
Congress, they had not to wait much longer
than those said to have been conceived in the
early morning on the ramparts of Quebec, and
which many years after embellished one of the
most memorable speeches of Daniel Webster.
While yet a young man, Mr. Foot often i-op-
resented Rutland, the place of his residence,
in the Legislature of Vermont, and nearly as
often was made Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives; and here he first displayed his
extraordinary aptitude for the discharge of the
duties of a presiding officer over a legislative
assembly. This faculty was soon discovered
and early recognized in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, where he was repeatedly elected to
the office of President pro tempore, and where
he was perhaps more frequently called to the
duties of the chair than any other Senator. It
is just to say that much of the dignity ascribed
as well as properly pertaining to that branch
of Congress may bo credited, for the last fifteen
years, to Senator Foot's high example of de-
corum, order, and thorough knowledge of par-
liamentary routine. He dispatched business
with admirable promptness, with equal fairness
and grace; and he held at all times both Sen-
ate and the galleries under complete control
by his commanding presence and his most un-
mistakable emphasis. His call to order, like
the sound of a trumpet, was heard aud heeded.
From his decisions of parliamentary law there
was no appeal asked or desired. His dignified
