2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
this proposition too should go to the people
, for their consideration as an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
This proposition, however, and the fir3t of
which 1 have spoken, are not of the issues
which were involved in and decided by the late
war. They were as germane, as fundamental
principles upon which to erect our political
fabric when the Constitution was framed, and
at any time prior to the war, as now. If they
are right in o'ur form of government now, they
were right then ; if they were wrong then, they
are wrong now ; and there is, in my humble
opinion, no propriety in attempting to connect
them with the question of the restoration of
the Union. How would this provision, if in-
corporated into the Constitution, deprive the
people of any portion of the country of the
power to rebel against it, or give to the Gov-
ernment any power to crush such rebellion
which it does not now possess? The history
of the world does not prove that depriving any
portion of the people of political rights or of
political power ever made them better citizens
or more loyal subjects.
With reference to the third or disfranchising
proposition, I have only to say that I regard it
as wholly impracticable, and as calculated, if
not intended, to defeat the whole plan for the
restoration of the States lately overrun by the
rebellion until after the next presidential elec-
tion. Its effect, whatever its purpose may be,
is purely partisan, because in the nature of
things it can never be ratified, and its ratifica-
tion is made a condition-precedent to resto-
ration.^ On this account only I voted against
the entireproposition as a constitutional amend-
ment.
_ I am in favor of restoration, and this propo-
sition is opposed to it. That is the simple issue.
Gentlemen pretend, andthecountry, credulous
and not given to thorough investigation, but dis-
posed to take things as tliey appear on their
face, believe that thisHouse has voted, by voting
for this proposition, to disfranchise rebels. The
issue is deceptive, is false. Those occupying
the position to which the responsibility attaches
have voted to shift that responsibility by sub-
mitting the question of disfranchisement to the
rebels themselves. Sir, what would you think
of the judge, who, upon the trial of a prisoner
for murder, when the jury brought in their ver-
dict of ''guilty,'' should say to the criminal,
ton are convicted by the evidence; the find-
ing of the jury is 'guilty;' the penalty of the
law is that you hang by the neck until you aie
dead; you deserve to hang, but I propose to
submit the question of hanging to yourself?"
This House, sir, has done as much.
If the^ committee on reconstruction found,
upon this six months' investigation, that the
governments of the " States lately constituting
the so-called confederate States of America"
are in the bands of or controlled by the ene-
mies of the United States, why did they not
say so, and bring in a bill providing for wrest-
ing those State governments from the hands
of our enemies, and placing them in the hands
of our friends, that wo might act upon some-
thing practical, and that the country might
understand what Ave meant? The committee
was organized with instructions to inquire into
the condition of those States, and to report the
result of such inquiry to Congress. If this is all
they intend to report, they have not discharged
the duty which was imposed upon them.
% impression is that the troubles by which
we find the subject of reconstruction now sur-
rounded do not of necessity result from the
appointment of a committee or from the in-
vestigation. Ordinarily the report of the Presi-
dent, the sworn executive officer of the Gov- !,
evnmept, should be conclusive upon questions r
involving the harmonious relations of the sev- i1
era! parts of the Union, the execution of and i1
obedience to the law; but I do not regard such >
report as necessarily conclusive, and conse-
quently the appointment of a committee with
the instructions given this one was not, in my
opinion, unwise. The present weakly, sickly,
puny condition of the child is not the neces;
sary consequence of having given it out to
nurse, but of giving it to those who cared not
l'or its life.
Upon the merits of the fourth as a distinct
proposition I presume we are all agreed, but
how its adoption is to prevent another rebellion
is the point upon which I desire information.
I now ask indulgence for a few moments
while I explain as briefly as possible the diffi-
culties which stand in the way of my support
to this bill as a whole. Before, however, enter-
ing directly upon this discussion I will just
here remark that I do not comprehend how or
why the reconstruction or restoration of the
States lately overrun by the rebellion involves
the necessity of reconstructing the Constitution
and Government of the United States. Was
the Government of the United States over-
thrown, or were any of its parts or functions
destroyed by the rebellion ? If not, where or
why the necessity of its reconstruction ? Did
the rebellion expose imperfection or weakness
in any of its parts? Or did we, during its
existence, feel the need of the exercise of any
power which we did not at the same time feel
we had the right to exercise? Did we experi-
ence during the rebellion that any change in
the Constitution, or even in the form of our
Government, could make us stronger than we
were ?
Sir, we had the right to use, and did use, all
the means which God and nature had given us
to preserve the life of the Republic. More
men and more money were the only agencies
which could have given us additional strength,
and constitutional amendments could not sup-
ply these demands. Sir, even the success, of
the rebellion would have proved nothing against
the wisdom of the provisions of our Constitu-
tion, the success of republican institutions, or
the strength and permanence of our form of
government which it would not have proved
equally against that system called the laws of
nations, and which we are informed supplanted
the Constitution during the war. Much less
does the mere fact of rebellion prove anything
against either, for all the systems of which we
have any information, from the most arbitrary
and unjust on earth to that which was estab-
lished by eternal wisdom for the government
of angels in heaven, have been assailed by
organized rebellion.
"Irreversible guarantees against rebellion"
are a myth, a farce, a deception—mere clap-
trap, coined for party purposes—the device of
demagoguery, and not the dictate of states-
manship. Security against rebellion is in the
administration rather than in the form of gov-
ernment. Place^ all political power securely
in the hands of its friends, and then make it,
by the manner of its administration, what the
Almighty intended civil government to be—
•'a terror to evil-doers, and a praise to them
that do well"—by making the punishment of
crime and the reward of virtue swift and cer-
tain, and you have the guarantees, and all the
guarantees, against the renewal of the conflict
here that the Almighty has in heaven against
its renewal there.
There are two principles involved in the
provisions of this bill which I desire to notice.
Fix'st, that the approval of three fourths of the
Slates now represented in Congress is sufficient
to ratify the constitutional amendment. And
second, that the ratification of the constitu-
tional amendment recited in this bill shall be a
condition-precedent to the right of represen-
tation in the States now unrepresented in Con-
gress. These principles are necessarily based !
upon the presumption that these are not now '
States of the American Union. If this pre-
sumption be true, I ask gentlemen when and
by what act they ceased to be States? Was it
by the act of rebellion ? That I admit was the
design of the rebellion; but the rebellion failed
m its purposes. Was it bv the formal act or
ordinance of secession? To state this propo-
sition is now to answer it.
_ Am I told that the recognition of belligerent
rights by the law of nations severed the con-
nection ? That the law of nations prevailed
during the war and must prevail during the
settlement growing out of it? I admit that
the United States had the right to. and did,
exercise and accord belligprent rights during
the war to any extent justified either by policy
or the dictates of humanity; but in so doing
they never for a moment surrendered the
rights of the sovereign; and that upon the
submission of those in rebellion to the Con-
stitution and laws the right to the exercise of
belligerent powers under the law of nations
ceased. Sovereignty alone prevailed — had
triumphed; the Constitution and municipal
law of the land attached, and the treatment
to be accorded the offenders must be under
the provisions of and in accordance with these
instead of the law of nations, administered by
the United States as sovereign and not as bel-
ligerent. Who, until at the present time, ever
heard of a sovereign Power governing in time
of peace any portion of its subjects as belli-
gerents under the law of nations? Oh, what
fools the wise men of past generations have
been! How they must have desired to see
the things that we see, to hear the things that
we hear, to know the things that we know!
How hard to die without seeing, hearing, and
knowing them!
Sir, I assert, without fear of overreaching
the principles of law governing the case, that
loyal citizens, by being for a time overpowered
by the rebellion, have lost none of the rights
which attach or ever attached to them by vir-
tue of the Constitution of the United States;
and that consequently when they restore their
State governments in harmony with that of
the Lnited States, they are entitled to exercise
all the functions of a State, and to all the rights
of a State in the Union. I say the " loyal cit-
izens," for I believe the disloyal are entitled
under the Constitution to no right except the
right to be hung. When, however, an amnesty
or pardon for past offenses is granted, the party
having received it may then appeal for protec-
tion, and as of right in all matters affected or
reached by such amnesty or pardon, to that
law which, had it been enforced agairjst him,
might have demanded even his life. The law
against which he had offended and by which
he was condemned, which, while undercondem-
nation, only thundered its anathemas against
him, has, upon pardon and reconciliation, be-
come his friend and the advocate of his rights
which attach by virtue of such pardan. Xow,
in what do these rights consist? Do they con-
sist solely of what we term " civil rights." or
do they include "political rights" also? My
own impression is that they include just what
the sovereign granting the pardon may elect
to have them include, nothing more, nothing
less. And that if it is not yet safe to trust
political power in the hands of the recon-
structed, it should simply be withheld from
them, and that those only who have been
continuously loyal should be permitted to
exercise it.
The committee, however, has failed to give
us any information as to whether those State
organizations are in the hands of the friends
or the enemies of the Federal Government, or
whether those recently in rebellion, but who
have been pardoned, may yet be safely invested
with "political rights." Where is the pro-
tection or encouragement they propose for the
union men oi the South? Where,where are the
recommendations of this committee upon the
most vital question of the day, or involved in
all the issues now upon us—the reward and
encouragement of loyalty in the section lately
overrun by rebellion ? Echo answers, where!
Gentlemen have labored hard to prove that
the loyal are in like condemnation with the
disloyal, because they were within rebel lines
during the war; that all are " alien enemies"
together; that tho law of nations justifies us in
treating them as such, and that wo can make
no discrimination between them. Let us see
how this is. Allegiance and protection are
reciprocal duties, binding, the one upon the cit-
izen, the other upon the Government; and in-
separably connected with the faithful observ-
