1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2885
ance of all the obligations of allegiance are all
the rights which attach by virtue of citizenship.
Now, when do these mutual obligations cease?
Vattel, page 96, says:
" Thenatural subjects of a prince are bound to him
without any other reserve than the fundamental laws;
it is their duty to remain faithful to him, as it is his,
on the other hand, to take care to govern them well.
Both parties have but one common interest; the peo-
ple and the prince together constitute but one com-
plete whole, one and the same society. It is, then, an
essential and necessary condition of political society
'that the subjects remain united to thoir prince as far
as in their power."
Am I told that the late civil war dissevered
all these bonds and relieved both parties from
the observance, of these reciprocal obligations
and duties ? Chitty, in his note to Vattel, page
97, says:
" No individual can shake off his natural allegiance
until the part of country where he resides is abso-
lutely conquered and the parent State has acknowl-
edged the severance."
A nd in his Treatise on Commercial Law, page
129, he elaborates the same doctrine; and I
assert, without fear of successful contradiction,
that all the authorities on public law, where
they touch upon this doctrine, confirm it.
The qnestions, how the subjects of a gov-
ernment who have been engaged in an un-
successful rebellion may be treated, and how
loyal citizens residing within the rebellious
districts should be regarded, have never been
considered questions legitimately belonging to
the department of international law; because
as subjects and citizens they are the objects of
the local municipal regulations and laws of
the country ; the law of nations ceases to oper- !
ate so soon as the state of war ceases to exist;
and when we look to works of international
law for authorities or precedents upon these
points, we become bewildered because we are
traveling out of the record. I have, however,
some authorities which, though not bearing
directly upon these points, go beyond and cover
them. These authorities presuppose—neces-
sarily, because wise men who have written
upon these subjects never dreamed of the
application of the principles of international
law to a country subsequent to the overthrow
of an unsuccessful rebellion. These authori-
ties, then, presuppose the success of the rebel-
lion and the permanent partition of the country.
In the case of Respublica vs. Samuel Chap-
man, 1 Dallas, page 56, the court held that—
" None are%ubjects of the adopted governmentwho
have not freely assented thereto."
And in the case of Kelly vs. Harrison, 2
Johnson's Cases, page 29, the court held that—
" The division of an empire works no forfeiture of
a right previously acquired, and as a consequence of
it all the citizens of the United States who were born
prior to our independence, a,nd under the allegiance
of the King of Great Britain, would be still entitled
in Great Britain to the rights of British subjects."
This very language has been reaffirmed by
the Supreme Court of the United Stales ; and
all these principles here contended for are as
old as the law and are of universal acceptance,
except with the new school of authorities, who
have not yet published their works.
Does, then, the obligation of impartial jus-
tice on the part of the Government toward the
subject or citizen eease, while that of fealty on
his part remains; or does the obligation of
fealty attach without carrying with it all the
rights and privileges of citizenship? No, they 1
both cease at one and the same time, the same
instant, when the Government, acknowledges
its inability to extend its protection to him,
and not until then. But am I told that the
exercise and according of belligerent rights
during the late civil war actually amounted,
in contemplation of public law, to an acknowl-
edgment of the severance by the United States?
If so, then all, loyal and disloyal, ''without dis-
tinction of race, color, or previous condition
of slavery," within the limits of the late rebel-
lion, are now aliens, foreigners, not citizens
of the United States; and you have no more
right, except as might makes right, to extend
over them the provisions of your municipal
law for the collection of taxes, and for other
purposes, than you have to extend I hem oyer
the people of Mexico, China, or the Russian
empire. And why is Jeff. Davis to-day a
st^te prisoner if you can deal with him only
in accordance with the law of nations ? The
United States, sir, by the result of the late war,
have acquired no right by conquest which does
not legitimately belong to them as sovereign.
Il was simply a reassertiou and triumphant
vindication of their disputed sovereignty. The
application of the law of nations works an ex-
tension or enlargement rather than a forfeiture
or limitation of the rights of revolted subjects
during the revolt, but all the rights and reme-
dies of the sovereign, and all the pains and
penalties which the law denounces against the
offenders, an enlargement of power in the
Government, and an abridgment of the rights
of the offender, attach immediately upon the
vindication of the national integrity.
I know that I am now trenching upon the
doctrines of the distinguished -gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steyexs,] and I desire
information from him upon the point I now
make. Admit, for sake of argument, that all
within the lines of the late rebellion were and
are "alien enemies." By what principle or
upon what authority would you define the lim-
its of the late rebellion with sufficient certainty
to ascertain who are "alien enemies?'' When
and by whom were they so defined? Was it by
the President in his proclamation of August
16, 1861? The Government of Great Britain
accorded "belligerent rights" to the rebels, by
proclamation of the Queen, on the 13th day of
May, 1861. The right to the exercise of "bel-
ligerent rights" by the United States has been
recognized by the Supreme Court from the loth
day of May, 1861, and the President frequently
changed the limits by proclamations of different
dates, and on April 2,1866, declared it without
form and void—without " a local habitation or a
name." As I remarked in this House, on the 8th
day of January last, "the rebellion was never
bounded by State lines, but its authority was
extended wherever its power could carry it."
The Supreme Court of the United States, upon
this point, (2 Black, page 073, the decision
being made during the existence of the rebel-
lion,) say:
"It has a boundary marked by lines of bayonets
and which can be crossed only byforce; south of this
line is enemy's territory, becauscit is claimed and held
in possession by an organized, hostile, and belligerent
power."
Now, who can define any fixed limits to the
rebellion ? To-day that'1 line of bayonets'' is
at Gettysburg, and all "south of that line is
enemy's territory, because it is held by an
organized hostile and belligerent power;" to-
morrow that line is at Richmond, and then all
between Gettysburg and Richmond is not ene-
my's territory, because it is not held by the
enemy. To-uay that "lineof.bayonets" bears
hard upon Louisville, and "all south is enemy's
territory;" to-morrow that line is at Chatta-
nooga, Atlanta, Savannah, Columbia, Raleigh!
To-day that line is at Jefferson City; to-mor-
morrow at Little Rook, at Shreveport, at Gal-
veston, at the Rio Grande—nowhere I Now,
who, I ask, ever has defined or ever shall or
can define the limits of the rebellion, so as to
determine that all were enemies within certain
fixed geographical limits? How long occu-
pancy by the enemy and peaceable acquies-
cence by the inhabitants, does it require to
convert the citizen into a "public enemy"—a
day, a month, or a year? I trust the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania never got south of that
"lineof bayonets," and thus became an "alien
enemy," though it strikes me I have heard that
the " line of bayonets" was at some time ex-
tended north of some of his property, which
must now be liable to seizure by the Govern-
ment as "enemy's property," because it was
within "enemy's territory," "claimed and
held in possession by an organized, hostile, and
belligerent power."
What, sir, is the legitimate bearing of this
doctrine upon the fundamental principles of
our Government? This bill, sir, contains on
its face, though somewhat veiled, and is so
interpreted by its author, the monstrous doc-'
trine the enormity of which T have been en-
deavoring to expose. Recognize this doctrine
as a principle in our Government and rebel-
lion will cease to be an individual crime and
treason will bo impossible, because the instant
you engage in them you become an " alien
enemy," entitled to " belligerent rights," and
can be dealt with only in accordance with the
law of nations as a "public enemy." In this
way, sir, I admit that the committee has found
the great panacea for all our troubles—the great
and "irreversible guarantee against rebellion
and treason"—by legalizing them. Wonder-
ful discovery! Yet how plain, how simple I
How is Columbus outstripped in teaching his
wondering admirers how to set an egg on end 1
" The invention all admire, and each, how
He to be the inventor missed; so easy it seems,
Once found, which, yet unfound, most would have
thought
Impossible."
What, think you, would our revolutionary
fathers,, who said that levying war against the
United States was treason to be punished by
the municipal law, think if they should rise
from their graves to find what fools they are
discovered to have been? "Angels and minis-
ters of grace," spirits of Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madisou, and Hamilton, " defend us" from
such heresy!
I, sir, am neither misrepfesenting the prin-
ciples ofHhis bill nor placing a false construc-
tion upon this doctrine. It is the one leading
idea which has been persistently pressed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs]
in connection with every measure which has
been introduced looking to a restoration of the
Union. It is the construction which he gives
to this bill, of which he himself is the author.
It is the principle further presented by him in
the following section of the bill offered by him
to the House on yesterday:
Sec. 6. All persons who held office, cither civil or
military, under the government called the "confed-
erate States of America," or who swore allegiance
to said government, are hereby declared to hiwe
forfeited their citizenship and to have renounced
their allegiance to the United States, and shall not
be entitled to exercise the elective franchise until
five years after they shall have filed their intention
or desire to be reinvested with the right of citizen-
ship, and shall swear allegiance to the United States
and renounce allegiance to all other governments or
pretended governments, the said application to be
filed and oath taken in the same courts that are •
authorized by law to naturalize foreigners.
"Forfeited their citizenship;" not citizens,
then aliens. Citizens only can be punished
for treason. Jeff. Davis "held office under
and swore'allegiance to the so-called confed-
erate States of America;" hence Jeff. Davis
is an alien, and hence he cannot be tried and
punished for treason against the United States.
Let us pause, sir, before we make this leap.
Sir, this is a subject which deserves the most
careful and serious consideration of this Con-
gress and of thecountry. It is a subjeetwhich
should be approached and considered by all in
no party spirit, but in the spirit of true and
unbiased statesmanship and patriotism, and
with a view to its bearing upon generations—■
millions of American citizens — yet unborn,
and upon the future prosperity, security, and
happiness of our entire common country. I
have examined the plan (if plan it may be
called) of reconstruction submitted by the
committee, with a mind, I think, divested of
prejudice and with the permanent welfare of
my country only in view, and I am unable to
give the plan my support, believing, for the
reasons stated, that if adopted it would be
productive of more evil than good. It is prob-
ably not my place to suggest or offer any plan
further than has been indicated in the remarks
I have made in opposition to the one proposed.
I am prepared, however, to_ support any^plan
which promises a restoration of the Union
upon principles which promise security to the
I country and do justice to the downtrodden
and long overrun loyalists of the South, and
which do not render treason impossible by
simply legalizing it. I could even support this
bill, not, however, as an ultimatum, if this
monstrous doctrine was expunged from it: for
though I would not make the reconstruction
of the Government of the United States a
