966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 21, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was
commenced, but was interrupted by
Mr. UPSON, who moved that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. BANK.S. I object.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent to dispense with the reading, as a rule of
the House requires that the Journal shall be
read.
Mr. BANKS. 1 think the reading of the
Journal ought never to be omitted.
Mr. WAKHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
Journal ought to be read.
The SPEA KER. Objection being made to
dispensing with it, the reading of the Journal
will be concluded.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
oti the motion made just previous to the ad-
journment yesterday by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stuvbns] to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the concur-
rent resolution reported from the joint commit-
tee of fifteen. On that question the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the lloor.
The resolution is as follows:
Concurrent resolution coTiccnmif; tho insurrectionary
►Slates.
Be it reinh:r({ t>ij the /fouxe of Representatives, (fho
Somite concurring',) That in ordtn- to elo.->o nqihttion
upon a question which sooms likely to disturb tho ac-
tion < t t no Government, unwell as to quiet tho uncer-
tainty which in agitating tho minds of tho people of
tho eleven States which have boon declared to be in
insurrection, no Senator or lloproscntativo shall bo
admitted into either branch of Congress from any of
Kaid States until (Jonpfross shall havo doolarod such
State entitled to such representation.
Mr. (JA HFIE IjI ). T ask tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania to t>ivo way to mo for n moment,
that 1 may havo a paper read al tho Clerk's
desk.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania }ieM for that purpose?
M r. XTKV ISNS. Yes, sir; hut for no other.
The Clerk read tho following telegraphic mes-
sage :
Coi.trMiws, Ohio, February 20,1806,10 p. ra.
To lion. Jamhm A. IUhfiklt>:
The Union caucus of tho Ohio Legislature has just
adopted unanimously, without debate, the fullowinj?
resolution:
/{esn(ve<(. That in tho action of the Union "Repre-
sentatives inCmwesH wo iveojjni/.o an exposition of
uur principles that made us a party niul saved our
country through t he Into rebellion; and wo now*tender
such Itoprosentativos our hearty support.
•f. M. COMBY.
Mr. HTKVRNS. When was that adopted?
Mr. (iAH.FI ELI), Last night.
Mr. STEVENS. After our action here?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
_Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, has the pre-
vtoustpiraiion exhausted itself ou the resolution
now before the House?
The SPEAKER. Il has.
Mr. STK\ ENS. Then 1 e:xll tho previous
question.
Mr. SlIKLLABAUfiKIt. Task the consent
of the gentleman to allow me to introduce ami
have referred joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS. My friend had better wait
till this vole shall be taken.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by whieh the
Douse had agreed to the concurrent resolu-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. T move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. S l EVENS. I suppose the yeas and
nays on this question will be the same as on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. OONKLJNtt. Yes, sir; but we had
belter take the yeas and nays, because there
are some gentlemen here who want to put them-
selves on the record.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—yeas 108, nays 38, not voting
37; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Bar-
ker, Baxter, 13eaman, Benjamin, Bidwelt, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Brandogee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buekland, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conklmg, Cook,
Cnllom, Dawes, Defrees, Doming, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Egglcston, Eliot, I'arquhar, Ferry,
Garfield. Grimicll, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel
W. Ilubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, John if. Hubbard,
James R. IlabbpU, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Julian, Kelley, Keteham, Lanin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Melndoe, McRuer, Mer-
cur, Moorbead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, O'Neill,
Ortn, Paino, Perliam, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price,
William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, JohnH,
Rico, Rollins, Sawyer. Schenck, Scofield, Shcllabar-
ger, Sloan, Spalding. Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridgo, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elinu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Windom—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Coffroth, Dawson, Dotano, Denison, Eldridge, Finek,
(Ilossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider. llalo.Ilogan, Kdwin
N. Hubbcll. James M. Humphrey, Kerr, Latham,
Marshall, MeCulloagh, Newell, Niblaek. Nicholson,
Noel], Phelps, Radford, Rittel', Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Sitgreavey, Slrouso, Tabor, Taylor,
Trimble, and Whaloy—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames,Blow,Btindy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dix-
on, Farnsworth. A'tron Harding, Harris, Hill, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, J ames Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kuykendall, Le Blond, Mc-
ICee, Miller, Myers, Patterson. Samuol J. Randall,
Raymond, Smith, Stilwcll, Thornton, Robert T.
Van Horn, Voorhccs, Winfiold, Woodbridge, and
Wright—;i7.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During tho call of tho roll,
Mr. BRANDEGEB stated that Mr. Blow
was detained at home yesterday and to-day by
sickness.
Mr. O'NEILL statod that Mr. Myers was
detained frpm his seat by indisposition.
Tho result was announced as above stated.
adjournment till friday.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when tho
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Friday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman permit mo to make a suggestion?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WA.S1IBQRNE, of Illinois. The House
has been in the habit of assigning Saturday of
each week to general debate on the President's
message. Now, sir, I understand that there are
some seventy member.-; who want to speak on
that subject. 1 therefore suggest that both Fri-
day and Saturday of this week be devoted to
general debate.
Mr. MORUILL. I hope not., Mr. Speaker.
There is a great deal of important business that
demands immediate attention. I hope that we
shall not devote so much lime to general de-
bate.
Mr. STEVENS. I havo no objection to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois, if
the ilouse is disposed to agree to it.
Mr. WASIIBUliNE, of Illinois. It requires
unanimous consent; and if there is any objec-
tion 1 will not press the matter.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 object.
The S PEAK EH. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevkxs] that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to moot on Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 rise now to move that
the House proceed to the consideration of an
appropriation bill 
Mr, DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a suggestion?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. When the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of Washburn vs.
Voorhecs was presented the other day, it was
stated that the case would ho called up to-day.
It was originally arranged by the Committee of
Elections that the ease should be called up to-
morrow, the fact being overlooked that there
would be no meeting of the House to-morrow:
It is necessary for the committee to havo this
case disposed of this week; and as it will take
no more time to-day than on any other day, I
hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
consent to yield to me, that this case may be
disposed of. I will assure the House that, so
far as I am concerned, I will consume but very
little time.
Mr. STEVENS. I feel that these appropri-
ation bills ought to be passed; but I cannot
refuse a request of this kind.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me so that I may have
some communications read; and I desire also
to make a statement in regard to a resolution
passed on Monday last under a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not propose to go on with the
appropriation bills, 1 will call up the Indiana
contested-election case.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to tho gentleman
from Massachusetts. As there are eleven States
absent who cannot legislate on this subject of
tho appropriation bills, and as it seriously affects
them, I propose to postpone them to a future
day. [Laughter.] ,
watt debts of loyal states.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for reference to
the Committee on Printing:
liceolved, That there bo printed for the uso of tho
House fivo thousand extra copies of the report of tho
committoe on the war debts of tho loyal States, with
the bill accompanying the same.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object.
Subsequently",
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, said: Mr. Speak-
er, I am inclined to oppose the reimbursement
of these war debts, but I see no objection to
this proposition to print. I therefore withdraw
my_ objection to the introduction of the reso-
lution.
Tho SPEAKER. There being no objection
to the introduction of the resolution, it will be
referred, under tho law, to tho Committee on
Printing.
distilled spirits.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed unanimously by the Committee of Ways
and Means to ask leave to report the following
resolution:
. Resolved, That it is the senso of this House that it
is inexpedient to mako any change in tho excise duty
on distilled spirits.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
departmental printing.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Jlcmhed, That the Secretaries of tho different De-
partments bo directed to inform this Ilouse the cost of
paper, printing, and advertisements for saidDepart-
merits lor the year 1865.
JMr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
-\viU pass in some shape; but I suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Printing whether
it ought not to go to the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, who has more specific information
than the committee, as he has of course kept
an account with each Department.
Mr.LAFLIN. We have in the report of the
Superintendent an account of all printing done
at the Public Printing Office.
^ Mr. \\ ASHBURNE, of Illinois. This, then,
is m reference to outside printing.
.Mr. LAFLIN. Then, sir, I hope the resolu-
tion will pass.
Mr. STEVENS. We ought to know what it
has cost to print pardons of rebels. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER suggested the resolution
ought to be modified so as to say "directed",
instead of "requested."
Mr. LAFLIN modified his resolution accord-
ingly.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
