1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
the committee on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives, at the head of whom was the
immediate representative of that locality, were
unwilling to agree to it, the Senate committee
thought that, it was better not to jeopardize the
passage of this bill on account of this purchase
alone. All I have to say now is, that so far as
1 am concerned, if the people of Charlestown,
or of Massachusetts, are not disposed to allow
the Government to own the ground that it is
necessary for it to have in order to carry on the
public business, and to establish such a yard as
the necessities of a great commercial and mar-
itime nation require, I shall be willing, and
shall recommend to the Senate, upon some
future occasion, to remove the yard, to dispose
of the property there, and to establish a yard
at some point where we can get the necessary
facilities.
The report was concurred in.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 20•!) to grant certain privileges to the Alex-
andria and Washington Railroad Company,
in the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.  
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 265)
to protect the manufacturers of mineral waters
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Co'imibia.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce joint reso-
lution (S. It. No. 00; to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to exchange or dispose of cer-
tain odd volumes of congressional documents,
and other odd volumes: which was read twice
Lv its title, .and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moonc, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on
the 10th instant the following acts:
An act (S. No. 10-jJ to grant the right of way
to the Cascade Railroad Company through a
military reserve in Washington Territory :
An act (S. No. 115) for the relief of Jane
W. Nethaway;
An act (S. No. 117) for the relief of P. A.
Patterson, late captain of the third Virginia
eava!i\ ; and
An act (S. No. 181) for the relief of Emma
J. Hall.
doltme.yj's to judoizs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further morning business, the Chair will
proceed to the order of the day, which is the
business reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that the order of the
day for the morning hour?
"The PKESi DEN I pro tempore. Not during
the movniiii lionr. but if no other business in-
ti-rvenes the Chair will proceed with the special
order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 172.
Mr. J.ANE. of Indiana. If it will lead to
debate. 1 must, object to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I uo not think it will lead
to debate.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider tlie bill (S. No. 1721 authorising cer-
tain public documents to be distributed to the
d'stiut and territorial judges of the United
State-'.
The Committee on Printing reported the bill
with two amendments. The first •amendment,
was in section one. line seven, after the word
''Globe'1 to strike out the words, "antUpne
copy of all books and documents on suiflcts
of a general nature which may lie printed by
order of Congress. or of either House thereof,
and to insert the words "hereafter printed;"
so that the section will read:
That in addition to the books and documents now
required by law to be furnished to the district judges
and the judges of the territorial courts of the United
States, the Secretary of the Interior shall mail, free
of postage, to each of them one.yopy of the Congres-
sional Globe hereafter printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some explanation of this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain it. It is a
bill to distribute to the district judges and judges
of the territorial courts a copy of the Congres-
sional Globe to be kept among the books and
papers of their offices.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why should that be
done?
Mr. ANTHONY. So that the judges in
administering the laws may have all the light
that may be thrown upon them by the debates
in Congress. It seems to me there is no
class 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend if the
Delegates from the Territories do not get their
portion of the Congressional Globe.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is generally a very-
large number in proportion to their population.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is not merely for
the territorial judges, but for the district judges.
The district judges have not, by any provision
of law, in the libraries belonging to them the
Congressional Globe. The bill originally as it
was referred to the committee provided for the
furnishing to these judges a copy of all the
books and documents of a general natuie
printed by Congress; but the committee have
amended it by restricting it to the Congres-
sional Globe.
Mv. FESSENDEN. I do not see what is
the use of giving them that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not sec of what use
the Congressional Globe is to anybody, if it is
not of use to the judges of the courts : and
as the Congressional Globe has been printed
lately, as 1 understand, with a numbur of
speeches omitted and others altered. I do not
know that there is a great deal of use in print-
ing it at all. But if it is of use to anybody it
is of use to the judges.
Mr. CONNESS. The Congressional Globe
is an accessible book. There are a great many
of them published, and 1 suppose they get
suck a distribution by all Senators and mem-
bers of Congress that it is one of the moat
accessible books in all the libraries. 1 sup-
pose there is scarcely a lending library in the
country thai does not contain it. In my Stale,
young as it is. I have a list of fifty-throe 1'bra-
l'ies, which run into nearly all the villages of
the State, and I serve that list first, giving
each a copy of the Congressional Globe, be-
fore 1 send it to anybody else. I apprehend
that some such distribution is made, if not by
all Senators, by some, and members of Con-
gress ; so that there is no book more easily
obtained by the judges than the Congressional
Globe. The State library of my State, which
is located at Ihe capital and is accessible to
the courts, always contains more than one
copy of it: and really I do not sec the neces-
sity for this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Undoubtedly the Globe
is distributed to almost all the judges, but the
copy they now receive belongs to them individ-
ually, and is not transmitted with the papers of
their offices to their successors. The e'iseis a
very simple one. I have no desire about the
matter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ihope this bill will pass.
I remember when I was one of the territorial
judges of the Territory of Oregon that ques-
tions arose there under the donation law to that
Territory, and it was necessary, in order to
understand that law. to refer to the Congres-
sional Globe and the debates that oeeurred
upon the passage of the law. and at that time
there was but one copy of the Congressional
Globe in the Territory, and that was m the pos-
session of the widow of the late Mr. Thurston,
formerly a Delegate from that Territory to Con-
gress. "The necessity of having the Congres-
sional Globe there at that time became evident,
and I think the same necessity exists in ail the
Territories. If there is any officer of the Gov-
ernment who needs a copy of the Congressional
Globe it seems to me it is the judge of the
United States district court or of a court of a
Territory, because in the interpretation of the
laws passed by Congress it is necessary and
advisable to refer to the debates which were
had at the time the laws were passed. I think
the judge should be furnished with a copy so
that he can have it as a part of his library. The
practice has been heretofore to send to these
territorial judges large boxes of public doc-
uments, executive documents, Senate docu-
ments, and House documents that are of little
or no value to him. One copy of the Con-
gressional Globe would be of more value to a
judge of a court than all the other public doc-
uments that are sent to him relating to the pro-
ceedings of Congress. I know from my own
experience that a copy of the Congressional
Globe will be of value to a judge in a Terri-
tory, and I hope that the bill will be adopted.
It certainly will not involve any considerable
expense, and I am sure it wdl be a great, con-
venience to those who have the laws to admin-
ister.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Printing to strike out the first section of the
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section two, line one, to strike out the words
''and documents 'so that the section will read:
Si:c. 2. And be it further ciun-tcd, That said ,books
shall be the pioptrty p± jlie "United States, for the
use of said judges and their successors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see anymore
propriety in furnishing the Congressional Globe
to the district judges than I do of furnishing
any law-book. They usually purchase their
own libraries, and they can very easily pur-
chase the Globes—there are pknty of them in
the Stales—at a small expense if they want
them. This idea of furnishing libraries, or
giving books of any kind to the district judges,
it strikes me is the beginning of a system—I do
not suppose it would amount to much now—
that may be abused and that ought not to be
commenced. 1 have distributed largo num-
ber" of the Globe since I have been in Con-
gress. I do not know whether I gave it to the
Uistr.et judge or not. If he wanted one he
could have had it by intimating to me that he
desired it. This proposition, like all others
of the same sort, is merely en attempt to send
something out, and we shall have to buy these
copies at the public expense of the publisher.
If you are going to begin this system, you
might as well go back and do the whole thing
at once, for the Globe does not cover a very
la'ge portion of the laws, and take the Annals
of Congress, Gales & Senton's Register, and
then the Congressional Globe and give them
the whole, so that they may have them all from
the commencement. I£ you intend to com-
mence this sj stem yon might as well put them
all in. I doubt very much the expediency or
the propriety {if it, I shall vote against it
myself.
Mr. ANTHONY. T tlvnkfhe Senator misap-
prehends the bill in one respect. The bill, asitis
amended, only proposes to give them the Con-
gressional Globe hereafter printed. It is not
intended to give them lull sets.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they want the Globes
hereafter printed, each Senator receives some-
thing like ninety copies every session 
Mr. CONNESS. Ninety-four.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Each Senator receives
ninety-four copies, and each Representative
eels twenty or thirty copies 
Mr. SHEKMAN. Twentv-four.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Audit is perfectly easy
for members of Congress to furnish both the
territorial and district judges with all the copies
of' the Globe that may be wanted. They will
be glad to iind somebody that will take them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not object to hu.v-
