1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
EXCISE ON CIGARS.
Mr. SHELLABABGEIfc presented the fol-
lowing :
State of Ohio, Executive Department,
Columbus, February 19,1866.
Sir: I have the honor to forward, in accordance
with the terms thereof, the annexed resolutions
adopted by the General Assembly, respecting the ex-
cise duty oil cigars, as duly certified by the secretary
ofstate.
Very respectfully,
W. T. COGGESHALL, Secretary.
Hon. Samuel Shellabargbr.
Joint resolutions relative to the cxcise on cigar?.
Whereas by enactment of the Congress of the last
session, the excise upon cigars is levied at the uni-
form rate of ten dollars per thousand: and whereas
this rule compels Ohio seed leaf, worth in the market
ten ccnts per pound, to pay a tax of four hundred
and fifty per cent, ad valorem, while Connecticut to-
bacco, the market price of which is twenty cents per
pound, pays only two hundred and twenty-five per
cent., and imported Havana tobacco, rated at one
dollar and fitty cents per pound, pays only thirty-
three per cent..; and whereas this discrimination
against the product of Ohio and other western States
has cut off the demand for and if continued is likely
to put a stop to the growing of tobacco in these States;
and whereas this rule levies the heaviest'per cent,
of taxation on that kind of tobacco mainly used by
the class leabt able to pay, and touches but lightly the
high-priced luxury of the richer class: Therefore,
jJe it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Ohio, That the present rule of assessing the internal
revenue on cigars is unequal, unjust, and oppressive
to the agriculturalinterestsof thisState; and thatour
Senators and ^Representatives in Congress be, and are
hereby, earnestly requested to use their influence to
secure such a change in the law as shall levy the tax
ad valorem, or such other modification as in their
judgment will remove the objection herein urged
against the present law.
Unsolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolution
to each of our Representatives in Congress.
ED. A. PARROTT,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
ANDREW G. McBURNEY,
President of the Senate.
February 13,1866.
Ofpick Secret art of State,
Columbus, Ohio, February 14,1866.
I hereby certify the foregoing to be a true copy of
IIou?c joint resolution No. 4i, as taken from the ori-
ginal roll on file in this office.
WILLIAM HENRY SMITH,
Secretary of State.
The papers were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed,
indiana contested-election case.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the resolutions be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Evolved, That Hon. Daniel "W. Voorhees is not
entitled to a seat in this House as a Representative
from the seventh district of Indiana in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
Rf-Holved, That Henry D. Washburn is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the sev-
enth congressional district of Indiana in the Thirty-
Kmth Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say to the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, and through him to the House, that the
views of the minority were only submitted yes-
terday, and I did not know they were printed
until I way informed just now by the chairman
himself. I did not expect this case would be
called up to-day; but on the contrary my un-
derstanding was it would not be called up until
Friday. 1 would much prefer the case should
stand over until then, so that members may
have an opportunity to carefully examine the
reports and vote understandinglv. It is a case
of considerable importance; and I am satisfied,
at least such ought to be the fact, the members
of the House desire to do justice. The sitting
member is not now in his seat; and I do not
believe lie understood it was to be called up
this morning.
Mr. DAWES. I am desirous to accommo-
date my friend and colleague on the commit-
tee. I am aware it has been a short time since
the report was submitted. The reasons why I
have called it up now are known to the gentle-
man from Illinois. We shall have only one
day more this week. I do not feel like press-
ing the gentleman, provided there is an under-
standing we can call it up immediately after
the reading of the Journal on Friday next. I
am under the necessity, as my friend and col-
league knows, of leaving the city on Friday
evening. I should be glad to surrender this
case to the committee. I have no doubt if
some other member had made the report there
would be no objection to it; but I must go on
with it, as I have undertaken charge of it.
Mr. MARSHALL. In answer to that I will
merely state that I do not know what number
of gentlemen desire to speak on the case, and
I have no authority to make any arrangement
in regard to the closing of debate. Of course
that will be within the power of the chairman
and his friends. I think this is a case of con-
siderable importance, and it ought to be fully
understood by the House before we are called
upon to vote upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am com-
pelled to object to the vote being taken on Fri-
day, because I may be absent on that day, and
I desire to be here when the vote is taken.
Mr. DAWES. It seems that there is no
arrangement suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] and therefore I shall
be under the necessity of going on to-day.
Mr. Speaker, I take it for granted that every
member of the House has read the report of
the committee. Before proceeding to its dis-
cussion I beg leave to correct one or two typo-
graphical errors in the report.
On the second page the printer has made
this error:
" At the commencement of the hearing before the
committee the sitting member made a motion to upset
the entire testimony,"
It is duo to the sitting member that I should
say that the motion was not exactly in that
form, nor did I write it exactly in that form.
He moved in very proper form to "reject" the
testimony on the part of the contestant, but the
printer has put it in " upset.'' 1 have no doubt
that if the motion had prevailed it would have
had that effect.
In the second line, page 2, there is also an
immaterial error. The word "some" should
be printed '' four."
Assuming that the House has read this re-
port, which from my experience here I feel at
liberty to assume, I deem it that very little need
is upon me of further explaining this ease. The
official majority of the sitting member is 534.
The district is composed of five counties. The
allegations of the contestant are very numerous
and cover a large ground, but they relate only
to four precincts i*i the whole congressional
district. In regard to these four precincts it is
alleged that there was such evidence of fraud
connected with the election—fraud in respect
to the conduct of the election officers and of
other persons at the polls, some of them un-
known persons, in reference to the ballot-boxes
—that the return made of the result at those
four precincts was so tainted that the truth could
not be deduced from it, and therefore the
return must be rejected. This was the allega-
tion made on the part of the contestant in ref-
erence to the four precincts of Hamilton, Jef-
ferson, Cloverdale, and Riley; two of them
in Sullivan county, and the others in the coun-
ties of Vigo and Putnam.
The committee were of opinion that the con-
testant made out his allegations in reference to
two of these precincts, but failed to make them
out in their full extent in reference to the
other two.
I will brio fly state the testimony upon which
is founded this conclusion of the committe \
and then I will leave the ease entirely (o siu.h
considerations as may be ottered on the other
side.
I first desire gentlemen of the House to cast
their eye over what is said in the report in ref-
erence to the law of the State of Indiana upon
this subject—to the manner in which the law has
guarded, or, as the committee think, has failed
to guard, the poll and the ballot-box at an elec-
tion. A man is chosen at the spring election
who is called town trustee. He is made ex
officio inspector of elections. He has the au-
thority under the law of fixing the place of
election and of appointing, with the consent of
so many voters present at the poll at the open-
ing of it in the morning, two other persons
who shall act with him as judges of election.
A ballot-box in the ordinary form' ia prepared,
bnt there is no provision of lave, in the opinion
of the committee, for its safe keeping from the
time the poll is open until the result is de-
clared. There is on the other hand, it seemed
to the committee, a total want of. safeguard
thrown by the law around the ballot-box. '
These three persons, one chosen by thetbwft
in the spring, and the others appointed by the
town trustee, have the entire custody of'the
ballot-box. They are permitted by law to ad-
journ for dinner in the middle of the day, in
the excitement of the election, and to do what
they please with the ballot-box. They may
leave it where they were receiving the votes,
or they may carry it to any other place, and
there leave if in any custody or in no custody,
whenever they please, and be gone as long as
they please. They may take it, in any condi-
tion it may happen to be in, when they return
from their dinner, and resume the voting. At
the close of the polls they may then and there,
if they choose, count the ballots and make
their return, or they mayproceed to count, and
then, after commencing their count, may ad-
journ till the next day. If they do adjourn
the only safeguard thrown around the ballot-
box by law is simply that it shall be locked and
the slide for putting in the votes sealed up. The
key is then given by this inspector to one of the
judges, and he takes the box and goes with it
where he pleases. He may leave it in the very
room where the election was held; he may
carry it to some secret place known to him and
to no one else, or carry it into town meeting
and leave it there; he may carry it off out of
town and keep it in some unknown place dur-
ing the night and bring it back in the morning :
and then he and his associates may complete
their count and certify what they may then find
to be the result.
These remarks are necessary in order that
the House may understand fully the testimony
touching some of these ballot-boxes, that are
alleged to have been so tainted with fraud that
the truth cannot be deduced from the returns
made.
There is no dispute between the contestant
and the sitting member about what law and
rule should govern the committee. It is ad-
mitted by the silting member, as contended by
the contestant, that wherever, in point of fact,
there did exist such evidence of fraud or mal-
feasance in office or tampering with the ballot-
box that the committee were satisfied that the
return itself did not state the truth and there
was no means of correcting that return, and of
making it tell the truth, that return itself must
be set aside and the parties thrown back upon
such other evidence as they could produce of
the actual poll at that precinct so that every
legal voter's vote might, if possible, be still
preserved and frauds laid aside. It was only
on the application of the evidence in this case
to this rule of law that there was any difference
between the parties in this contest, or between
the members of the committee, in the conclu-
sion at which they arrived: and a moment's re-
flection will show that the rule itself cannot be
controverted when stated as an abstract prop-
osition. I submit that, upon a moment's reflec-
tion. any man in the House will yield to it his
absent. When a return is so tainted with fraud
that the truth cannot, be deduced from it, to say
that it shall be taken as truth is an absurdity.
To say that that shall be taken as true, which
by the premises is admitted to be false, is that
which no honest man's mind will ever consent
to. To this rule of law the sitting member
very properly yielded his assent. He culled the
attention of the committee, with great propriety,
also to that which they themselves felt to be
proper, that while it was a just and sound rule,
it was a rule capable of abuse; that under color
of it, prejudice, blind political prejudice, pas-
sion, and dishonesty itself might cloak up fraud
and avail itself of that rule to work injustice.
Taking this heed from the sitting member-,
which had always been the accepted rule in all
cases heretofore, the committee have sought to
