1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S84?
anticipated and met do I propose to follow. I-
admit in its fullest extent the power of this
House to punish any and every person for a
breach of the privileges of its members. I
admit that this power extends as well to the
protection of their persons and characters out-
side the walls of this Hall as inside. I admit
that there can scarcely be found a limit to the
power which this House may exercise for the
full protection of personal^ freedom from vio-
lence and freedom from insult. I put this
case simply upon its peculiar facts : _ and I
shall argue that, simply as a question "of pro-
priety, as a question of desert, we ought not
to adopt the propositions either of the major-
ity or the minority of the committee.
First in order, I propose to consider the
character of the assault committed by Mr.
Rousseau upon Mr. Gt.inxeix; and I suppose
that in a case involving directly the action of
the House upon those persons it is proper I
should speak of them by name, instead of des-
ignating them in the usual manner, by the States
which they represent. If I am right in this I
shall continue to speak of these parties by their
names.
The assault committed by General Rousseau
upon Mr. Grinnell is admitted by the commit-
tee and shown by the whole evidence to^ have
been an assault rather for purposes of insult
and disgrace than for the purpose of perpetra-
ting personal injury. The committee report
this fact expressly. It does not, as has been
charged outside of this House and in the pub-
lic prints, partake in any degree of the charac-
ter of brutality in the sense of personal injury
intended. I mention this, not as claiming that
thereby it is any the less, the subject of the
protection of this House by animadversion or
punishment to be inflicted upon the party of-
fending; but I simply desire to trace in con-
nection the whole case and consider what
ought to be done and not what may be done.
And right here permit me to refer to a single
branch of the report of the committee upon
the facts, which 1 regret to find is not quite so
full and explicit as the facts in the case would
warrant, and failing in this respect to present
the circumstances as they were admitted in
the argument of the chairman of the commit-
tee on last Saturday. The committee, in their
report, refer to the fact that three men were
present armed; and they used this language"
"Three persons wore present as friends of Mr.
Rousseau ; the first, on account of information re-
ceived from Mr. Rousseau that a personal assault
was possible, if not probable; tlie second, on account
of & suggestion or call from the first; and the third
followed Mr. Rousseau to the portico, on account
of his excited appearance and manner when passing
through the Rotunda. It does not appear that any
one of these parties was informed of his intended
action except the first. These friends of Mr. Rous-
seau were all armed with loaded revolver or pistol.
The chairman, in the discussion of the case
on Saturday, conceded that the report ought
to be modified so as to say three persons were
present who were friends of Mr. Rousseal
not that they were present as friends, which
would seem to imply they were present on his
invitation, and in the capacity of friends at a
fray. I asked the chairman while reading the
evidence in regard to their presence, whether
it did not appear before the committee that
General Rousseau had no knowledge they
were armed, and he answered that it only ap-
peared by the declaration of General Rous-
seau himself to that effect. I then asked the
gentleman to read five lines on top of page 21,
which I hoped he would do, and call attention
to the fact that there was other evidence in the
same direction. There Mr. Pennybaker, when
upon the stand being questioned by Mr. Rous-
seau, answered as'follows :
"Question. Was itso understood that you were not
to interfere between Mr. Gkinnell and myself?
Yos, sir.
"Question. Did I have any knowledge of your liav-
inf? arms ?
"Answer. No, sir; nobody had."
There is the testimony of an additional wit
ness negativing the idea of knowledge on (he
part of General Rousseau of such armed pres
ence; and there is no evidence whatever to
the contrary.
So far, then, as the assault is concerned, the
report of the committee leaves it simply here:
a member of this House, without arms upon
his own person, without any calling iu of armed
friends, for the purpose of inflicting insult and
disgrace on another member of the House as-
saulted him at'the door of the Capitol and
inflicted personal chastisement on him. That
case, standing simply thus, without other cir-
cumstances of extenuation, of excuse, or apol-
ogy, certainly stands strongly enough and
should most imperatively call upon this House
to vindicate its own character and protect the
privilege of the assailed member.
Nor do I propose, Mr. Speaker, to justify this
action of Mr. Rousseau. I do not feel called
upon to discuss the question of the legal or
moral justification. We are all familiar with the
legal rule that there can be no legal justification
of violence by provocation of any words, how-
ever insulting or abusive. Perhaps in a moral
sense the same rule holds, that there can be
no moral justification of an assault or personal
violence by words of insult. But we all know,
and there is not a man in this House, I venture
to say, who would not so act if circumstances
called for it—we all know there is a great class
of cases where perhaps no legal or moral justi-
fication in a technical sense exists, where the
person technically guilty of a wrong may be so
far excused, his provocation may so far exten-
uate the act itself, that no body of men, no jury
even, would be found to visit upon him the ex-
treme penalty of the law, even of the moral
law. Although not justified, he may be excused
and his conduct extenuated.
Am I wrong in making this proposition?
Suppose I meet a member of this House in
the street and deliberately and wantonly there
insult him, calling him, if you please, a liar
or thief or coward, and he knocks me down
on the spot for my words. Nobody can doubt
Congress has the right to interfere, that the
power of Congress to interfere and protect the
person of its member may be lawtully exer-
cised ; that the assailant may be brought in
here and dealt with for breach of privilege.
But I ask gentlemen to say, if that state of
facts should occur, whether anybody would
believe it would be a proper case for the in-
terposition of Congress? Where one by his
own deliberate misconduct_ brought, perhaps
wrongfully so far as the assailant is concerned,
but certainly wrongfully so far as the insulter
is concerned, where he has brought this per-
sonal violence upon himself, will it be claimed
that Congress ought to interfere ? I certainly
think not. I need not refer to a large class
of similar cases where the whole tone of pub
lie sentiment enunciates that where a party
has by provocation on his own part drawn vio-
lence upon himself, he should not be the one
to invoke the aid of the law or the extreme
penalty which a parliamentary body may im-
pose for his own protection. _ j
Now, what was the provocation which led
to this assault? Upon the lltli day of June
last, according to your record, Mr. Grixxell,
rising in his place in this House to a personal
explanation, by leave of the House, used certain
language, which I now ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Jcs-E 11,1S66.
"Mr. Wisdom resumed the floor.
"Mr. Grinxell. I ask the gentleman to yield a
few moments for a personal explanation.
"Mr. Wisdom. Certainly. . ,
"Mr. Grixxell. Mr.Speaker, it is with the great
est reluctance that I rise to say anything which might
seem personal. X have been a member of this House
for three sessions, and in all that time 1 ha\ c had no
personal contest, and no unkind feeling towaid an>
person in the House. I claim to be a man oi peace.
I claim fust to be a gentleman. Lut, sir, when any
man, I care not whether he stands six Ject ni0ti,
whether he wears buff and carries the air of a certain
bird that has a more than umi*1 extremity ot tail,
wanting in the other extremity, says that he would
not believe what I utter, I will say that I w^ never
born to stand under an imputation ot that soil
" The gentleman begin? convtms: sympathy by sus-
taining the President of the United Mates prepara-
tory to his assault upon me. Now, sir, n lie is a de-
fender of the President of the United States, all I
have to say is, God save the President from such an
incoherent, brainless defender, equal in valor in civil
and in military life. His military record! "Who has
read it? In what volume of history is it found?
" Some time ago the gentleman asked some of us,
Whatdidyoudointherebellionbutmakespeeches?'
And he told us that he was in the field and got some
little reputation with half-way secession Kentucky,
But where was he in any great fight? Ask General
Grant, or any of tho leading officers. Where was he
in the great fights? Ask General Grant if you want
his private opinion about him. Go to the general
officers; and since he has alluded to Iowa, I will give
the opinion of a leading officer from that State, for
not two weeks ago he told me that when there was a
noise in camp the men said it was either a rabbit or
General Rousseau. He thedefenders of the soldiers
of Iowa! Sir, they want no such defender;, they want
none of his defense. He has not led them in the bat-
tip, and it is all pretense; it is the merest mockery;
it is the merest trickery, the merest blowing of his
own horn, for him to say that he led our soldiers.
Where was the deadly hail when they wore under
his command? But he comes here to traduce a
humble person like myself. In the first place, ho
charged me with saying what I never-did say. When
he went down to make a speech to the Fenians in
New York he is reported to have said this: 'As Isaid
on the floor of Congress on one occasion, as a iling
was made at my native State by a pitiable politician
from Iowa. [Hisses.] You will excuse me for giving
his name, but I believe it was one Gbinnell.
"It was 'one Grinneli/ that he alluded to.# But
I never made any fling at Kentucky. That is my
name. I am so called and so known where I live.
But that is not all. He was not content with using
my name, but he refers to the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in these terms:
'I say that man is a miscreant, and I cannot find
words to express my disgust and contempt for him.
•To whom does that relate? To a member of this
House 1 And here he stands up, six feet and over,
calling himself a buttoned-up general officer."
**********
"Now, sir, I wish to deny any unfriendlinesstoward
the gentleman or toward the State of Kentucky. I
deny that I*ever made any remark which could be
construed to mean anything unfriendly in that re-
spect. So far from that being the case, I have held
Kentucky in highregard. Ihaveheldinhigh regard
the gentleman who preceded in Congress the gentle-
man from Kentucky who has spoken to-day. His
predecessor writes to me that he will be returned
here by five or ten thousand majority.
"Now, sir, why should I speak of this matter/
Certainly not because I believe that my people would
doubt my word. Sir, allusion has been made to the
soldiers of the different States. I am proud to say-
that I represent a district that sent thirteen thousand
men into the Armv. Can thegcntleman say as much?
I did speak something about the men from Kentucky
fighting on both sides. Sir, I have been sent here by
a majority of seven thousand; and I do not go to the
State of Kentucky for indorsement, nor do the sol-
diers of Iowa. Their record is made, and it was not
made under the leadership of any man from Ken-
tucky. It, was made under the leadership ot their
own colonels and generals, and under General brant
and General Sherman. When the gentleman getsup
here and claims the honor of having led the Iowa
soldiers, I say that they were not so led; that they
spurn such an intimation; and in this I mean noth-
ing personal."
message from tiie president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by kr. Cooper, his Private Secretary,
returned to the House of Representatives, m
which it originated, the bill ot the House (H.
R. No. G13) entitled "An act to continue in
force and to amend an act to establish a Bu-
reau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees,
and for other purposes," with his objections
thereto in writing.
assault upon a member—again.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I have sent those
extracts to the Clerk's desk to be read for the
purpose of including in my remarks here the
whole history of this transaction from the be-
ginning to the end; and also for the purpose
of placing before this House the remarks of
Mr. Grixxell upon the occasion in question,
as originally taken clown by the ,reporters at
the desk, the remarks to which we all listened
here, and which remarks, as afterward pub-
lished in the Congressional Globe, differed so
widely from the spoken remarks as to deprive
them of many of their most stinging and wan-
ton insults. "What does this language amount
to? Passing by the trivialities, if they may be
so called, of the ridicule cast upon Mr. Rous-
seau as to his person, his dress, his manner,
his intellect, his resemblance to a peacock,
and all that'style of certainly most insulting
and unparliamentary comment j passing by all
this as unworthy to occupy any time here, m
: view of what remains of this case, I say that
