§848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Mr. klUTWELL. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hale] allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Now York [Mr. Hale] if he
means the House and the copntry to understand
that if a member here feels himself aggrieved
in debate by a fellowTmember; and feels also
that the House does not furnish him with that
protection to which he is entitled, thereupon and
elsewhere, and in such manner and by the use
of such weapons as he may choose, he is to
exact what he may consider a compensation
for the wrong done him?
Mr. HALE. It is very evident that what I
have said so far has been said to very little
purpose, or has not been listened to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Air. Bout-
well,] or he would not have asked me the
question he has. In the very beginning of my
remarks to-day I disclaimed entirely any ques-
tion of justification. I have argued the whole
case upon the ground that it was merely a
question for the discretion of this House, and
nothing else. I have said nothing which would
warrant the gentleman from Massachusetts in
the conclusion to which his question would
seem to indicate he had came in regard to my
line of argument. If he will do me the honor
to listen to me, I am sure that before I get
through he will see that I claim nothing of the
kind which he would seem to indicate that I
claim. Now, sir, right here I will allude inci-
dentally to a single matter which is covered
by the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] and that is the
lapse of time that occurred between the assault
made upon this floor, and the assault made
upon the steps of the Capitol. It has been
alluded to repeatedly, out of this House if not
in it, as taking this case out of the ordinary
rule of action, under the heat of passion or
aggravating circumstances, but with the facts
in the case as they appear from the report of
the committee, it seems to me such is not the
ease.
It appears that an intimation was made,
probably from an unauthorized source, to
Mr. Rousseau that an apology would be made
in the House by Mr. Grinkell for this lan-
guage ; that in expectation of that apology he
waited from day to day for four days, in order
to give anijile time for what he felt was due to
him from his antagonist. In doing that it seems
to me that we ought not to say that he aggra-
vated any possible offense that he might have
committed, and that he took away the pallia-
tion of passion and anger. For I submit to
any man, whether resting under such insults
from day to day for four days, with the expec-
tation and what he believed to be the assurance
that an apology was to be made, it is not to
be presumed that his anger will necessarily con-
tinue to be inflamed the more from day to day,
instead of cooling from day to day, by the per-
sistent omission to apologize? Waiting for a
deserved apology which fails to come, is not
giving time for passion to cool, but for passion
to become more and more inflamed. Now, sir,
it is assumed, and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts in his question to me assumes it, that
the language used by Mr. Gbinnell toward Mr.
Rousseau -was language used in debate upon
this floor. _ In a certain sense it doubtless was
dehate; within the rules permitting this House
to regulate the conduct of its members, and to
protect them from what may be uttered here, it
was undoubtedly, in one sense, debate.
But in the fair, legitimate, proper use of the
word " debate" I submit that the remarks of
Mr. Gkinxell which have been read at the
Clerk's desk were not used in debate. He was
not discussing any question before this House;
he was not discussing any measure of legisla-
tion or any subject that'might properly occupy
the time of the House. He asked the leave of
the House to make a "personal explanation,"
an explanation of something involving himself,
with the purpose, as I understand it, of setting
this language, in the first place, charges Gen-
eral Rousseau with cowardice; it charges him
over and over again, in all the forms of sting-
ing innuendo, with that most contemptible and
lowest of all vices in a military man—coward-
ice! It charges upon him that he has no mili-
tary record; that he has been in no great fight;
that he never led the soldiers of Iowa in bat-
tle ^..that he is held in no estimation by Gen-
eral Grant, and other leading officers of the
Army; that they regard him with contempt;
that he was compared by one leading officer to
a rabbit, an animal certainly not remarkable
for its valor; and that with this inefficient,
worthless, and cowardly military career he has
stood up in this House and falsely, and as a
vain-glorious braggart blown his own horn, and
pretended to an honorable military record ; that
he has falsely claimed the honor of having led
Iowa troops in battle, and that the soldiers of
Iowa shun him and his pretenses, and would
scorn to go to Kentucky tor indorsement. That
is the length and breadth of the charges made
upon General Rousseau by Mr. Grixxell in
this paragraph.
Now, sir, the fact that these charges are
made upon a member of this House is enough,
certainly, to call for an inquiry as to the vio-
lation of the privileges of the House by the
member using that language. In this case
there are circumstances eonnccted with the
career of General Rousseau which, I think,
1 may properly allude to, and which I ought to
allude to in this connection, to show how much
more stinging, how more flagrantly wanton,
and unjust was this attack made upon him than
it might have been had it been made upon
most of us who sit upon this floor. There are
circumstances in General Rousseau's career
which, T think, fairly entitle him, in the con-
sideration of all right-minded men, to at least
the ordinary treatment of a gentleman in this
House. Who of us has forgotten, or who can
forget, his first political record upon the break-
ing out of the great rebellion; how he stood
in the Senate of Kentucky, not hesitating, not
hailing, not planting himself upon a platform
of half neutrality, but, almost alone, against
an immense majority, standing up from the
beginning to the end nobly, strongly, truly, to
maintain the Unionof this nation—to stand
by his country and his Government? Who of
us can forget how he fought that battle until
tin) time came to take up arms, and how, then,
within the first few mouths—ay, within the
first few weeks of the rebellion, he resigned
his scat in the Senate to enter the field, and
was commissioned first as colonel, and then as
brigadier general? Who can fo.rget the ser-
vices that ho rendered at Shilah, at Corinth,
at Perryville,at StoiioRiver, atChickamauga?
He has left his military record in the reports
of his commanding officers. He never was in
battle where he failed to elicit their warmest
commendations for his gallantry, his skill, and
his superior ability as an officcr. His com-
mission as a major general recites upon its
face that it was conferred for highly merito-
rious service in the field.
I allude, sir, to these things not as bearing
upon the question of his right to commit an
assault or his justification in committing it, but
I think I have a right to allude to them that I
may ask the House to consider how much more
stinging these insults, thus wantonly uttered
upon this floor, must have been to such a man.
Now, sir, how can such a man be supposed to
comport himself after such an attack under
such circumstances ? I protest that whatever
act of anger he may have committed, that al-
most any extreme even of personal violence
resorted to under such provocation would be a
thing that every man of us on this floor might
wull hesitate to bring in question and try. I
submit that there is 110 man upon this floor but
ought, before condemning anything that a man
does under sucha provocation as that, to exam-
ine himself and say whether, with such a prov-
ocation, he might not be led to do much greater
wrong and violence.
himself right before the public. Availing him-
self of that occasion, not only outside the range
of "debate" proper of the legislative action of
this House, but, outside the range, as I under-
stand, of any right conferred by the favor of
the House for a matter of "personal explora-
tion," he utters this most insulting language.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from New York will allow me, I desire to re-
mind him that the language of the Constitution
is that "for any speech or debate in either
House they (that is, Senators and Representa-
tives) shall not be questioned in any other
place."
Mr. HALE. I will relieve the gentleman
entirely from the necessity of making any point
of that kind. I conceded at the outset of my
remarks that it was within the constitutional
power of this House to punish, and that so far
as technicality goes, thelanguageused furnishes
no justification whatever for the assault.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
seemed to be commenting upon the word
"debate." I simply wished to remind him
that the language of the Constitution is more
comprehensive, the words being, "for any
speech or debate."
Mr. HALE. I comment on the word " de-
bate," not as contending that this House has
not the same power to protect its members from
accountability elsewhere for anything said on
this floor, but solely on the general proposition
that no suppression of the proper "freedom
of debate" has been here attempted.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say right here,
if the gentleman from New York will allow me,
that, as I understand the facts, my colleague
[Mr. Geinxell] rose to a personal explana-
tion because the gentleman from Kentucky, in
the course of his remarks, made a charge upon
my colleague, and refused to allow him at the
time to make an explanation.
Mr. HALE. I hardly think, Mr. Speaker,
that I ought to be interrupted for the purpose
of such a statement as that. I have not as-
sumed to discuss any provocation between these
parties prior to the occasion of which 1 have
been speaking. I believe that no possible prov-
ocatio.n could induce a man having a proper
regard for himself or a proper sense of the pro-
prieties of this House to rise here and deliver
such remarks as were uttered by Mr. Guiknell
on that occasion. I do not propose to go back
to consider whether there had been prior prov-
ocation. I will content myself with saying
that, iri tracing back the history of this matter
to the heginning, it will be found that the first
personal attack came from Mr. Grtnnell upon
General Rousseau, antj not from Rousseau
upon Gkiuneel; and the columns of the Con-
gressional Globe will bear me out in this state-
ment.
Now, sir, as I said, I do comment on the
word " debate," not, as I have repeated more
than once, for the purpose of implying in any
degree any limitation upon the power of this
House to protect its members, but that gentle-
men shall not put this case upon the ground
that " freedom of debate." in its proper, ordi-
nary, well-understood sense, is in any manner
brought in question in this case. Is it "free-
dom of debate" for a member to rise in this
House, no question whatever being before the
body, and deliberately and wantonly insult an-
other member? If so, sir, I confess I have
misapprehended the ordinary meaning of the
word debate. " _ I do not think that is the
sense in which it is used by those who use lan-
guage correctly. Nor do 1 think that the term
"freedom of debate" has any particular appli-
cation to such a case. If "freedom " means
simply "license," without limitation of rule,
or law, or anything else, then this man did ex-
ercise freedom in the words he uttered. But
in any proper sense of the term " freedom of
debate" he can no more be covered byit than
any man who, without any ground whatever,
simply rises here and attacks another member
byabusive language in defiance of all rales.
The Speaker of this House, in his ruling
