968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
apply the rale cautiously and with becoming
responsibility to the evidence in this case.
Touching the first of these townships espe-
cially, 1 submit that the evidence is of such a
character that no man can hesitate for a mo-
ment to say that even upon the very confession
of the officers of the election themselves there
is incontrovertible testimony that the ballot-box
had been interfered with, and interfered with
to such an extent that it was impossible to as-
certain the truth, and that, therefore, there was
ntf other conclusion but that the return made
of the final condition of the ballot-box had not
in it the slightest element of the real state of
the poll at that precinct. I allude to Hamilton.
'the contestant, in the first place, attacked
this precinct with the allegation that while the
return for him was 140 votes, he produced at
least one hundred and seventy men who testi-
fied that they had voted for him, a discrepancy
in that small number of votes of 23 in the count.
This ofitselfmightnotcertainly show any fraud,
but is consistent "with an honesL mistake in the
count; and if that were all there were to it, it
would haie been perfectly easy to correct such
a mistake and add 23 to his poll. Jf that had
been all the evidence in relation to that town-
ship, the committee would have conceived it
to be their duty to have simply added 23 votes
to the vote of tlio contestant; but whether they
should take the 2& votes from the sitting mem-
ber or not was altogether left in doubt.
Mr. VOOIvB KRS. Mr. Speaker, I have just
come into the House, and ! rise simply to ask
what the order of debate is to be, and who ex-
pects (o discuss the question over there, and to
what extent, the privilege of debale is to be
allowed by the gentleman from Massachusetts
before he calls the previous question.
Mr. DAWKS. 1 do not know exactly what
my friend means by "over there." 1 take it'
he means on this side of the House.
Mr. VOOHIIEKS. 1 know what I mean by
" over there.''
Mr. HAWKS. 1 do not doubt but what the
gentleman himself knew what ho meant. I only
suggested that f did not know.
It is of course my intention not to abridge
debate upon such a question as this, so long as
the debate, is kept within reasonable limits, and
1 trust that no inim will lind sue attempting to
abridge debate upon (he right of a gentleman
to his sent here in this House so long as bo or
auybody'iii his behalf moots and discusses the
real question at issue.
Mr. VOOIMIHKS. r suppose the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. 1 i.vwks] can just as
well answer my question at once. Ho has the
power (o let us know what ho proposes to do.
"If" and "if," and and "so," Ac., do
not answer my question. 1 simply want to
know when he desires to close the debate upon
this ease.
Mr. DAWKS. If the Speaker will request
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voouukkk]
to repeat the question, I will endeavor to an-
swer it.
Mr. \OORHI£ES. All 1 want to know is
when the gentleman from Massachusetts ex-
pects to close this debale.
Mr. DAWES. I have not fixed upon any
time at all in my mind in reference to closing
this debate.
Mr. Jil!ANTDK(iliR, To-day.
Mr. DAWKS. I hope to have it closed to-
day, of course.
Mr. YOOitHKKS. The reason I ask the
question I will state, i never trifle with the
House or with anybody else. I never saw the
report of the committee in this ease until last
night, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
well knows. 1 simply desire to know whether
I am to speak this afternoon or whether I am
to be allowed until to-morrow. ]f it is deter-
mined that I must speak this afternoon, I am
ready, i simply want to know what the pro-
gramme is; that is all.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman is ready to
speak this afternoon, it is hardly necessary for
him to catechise me in this way. The gentle-
man gives notice to the House that he is ready
at any time. Then why does he catechise me
in this way ? I shall endeavor to treat him and
all the members of the House with the utmost
liberality in this matter." If the gentleman has
any particular object in this interrogatory to
me now, if he will suggest what it is, I may be
able to satisfy him.
Mr. VOOKHEES. I am as ready now, as
a man can be, with no more ability than I have,
who has only had since last night to look over
this report. I am in the power of the majority
of this House. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] as the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, has the control of this
procedure. It is not a question whether I de-
sire longer time or not, but whether I shall
meet what is inevitable, and that is something
which I never shrank from and never expect
to. That is what I meant when I said I was
ready to speak this afternoon, if the gentleman
expects to press this matter to a vote this after-
noon.
Mr. DAWES. I am very anxious to close
this debate, as I stated this morning, probably
before the gentleman entered the Hall. I have
stated two or three times to-day, as I stated
when the report of the committee was submit-
ted, the reason why it was very desirable, if
possible, to close the debate at an early time.
1 suggested, at the commencement of the debate
this morning, that T was willing to have this
ease postponed until Friday, provided I could
have that day allowed for its consideration. But
objections were made all around the House to
postponing the consideration of this case be-
yond to-day.
Of course this matter is entirely in the con-
trol of the Douse, and 1 suppose that according
to usage the House will permit me to call the
previous question. Any other member can
call it, and the House can order it when they
please ; but if the matter is left to me, so long
as this case is properly debated! do not intend
to cut off anybody from speaking so far as that
can be done and close this case to-day. I in-
tend to confine the debate, so far as 1 may be
able, to the ease, so as to make the discussion
as brief as possible, in view of the urgency of
the public business.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I was commenting first
upon that portion of the evidence submitted
by the contestant touching Hamilton township,
spoken of on page (5 of Uip report. The first
piece of evidence, as I slated, is a discrepancy be-
tween MO votes returned for him and 170 proved
by the voters themselves to have been cast for
him. It, is true, as 1 have remarked, that that
may result from one of two causes: it may have
been either an honest, mistake or a fraudulent
miscount. If there was a fraudulent miscount
it would so taint the return itself that it could
not. be used at all as evidence. If there was
an honest mistake, and if that was the entire
extent of the mistake, it would be the duty of
the commit,toe to lake 23 votes and give them to
thecontestant. It would then, as! wasremark-
ing, bo altogether uncertain whether the mis-
take arose simply from omitting to count 23
votes, or from counting those 23 votes for the
sitting member. It would make a difference
of'Hi whether the mistake arose from one cause
or the other. But, notwithstanding thatuncer-
tainty and possible injustice to the parlies, the
committee did not feel at liberty to say, as a
matter of course, that they had a right to take
those 23 votes from the sitting member.
But this is only a part of the testimony
touching this towuship. The contestant goes
furthei. He produces the evidence of witnesses
who testify to an important circumstance in
connect ion with the tact to which I have already
referred, that the law of Indiana fails to guard
the ballot-box at a particular time when it is
highly important that it should be guarded. If
; there is any danger of fraudulent interference
with the ballot-box at, any time, it is after the
closing of the poll and before the filial count
and return of the officers. Then there is every
temptation; then there is every reason for
guarding the Ballot-box with special vigilanee.
In Hamilton township, according to the tes- I
timony in the report, the judges of the election
proceeded, after the closing of the polls, in the
room where the election had been held, to count
the votes. They had counted only about 15 or
20 votes, placing -them upon a string as they
counted them, as the law of Indiana requires,
when they concluded they would adjourn till
after supper, and take their leisure in the even-
ing to finish the count. Leaving some 300 or
400 votes in the ballot-box uncounted, they, as
the law requires in such a case, put this string
of 15 or 20 votes on top of the uncounted votes
in the ballot-box and then put the tally-papers
and poll-books on'top of them. The inspector
locked the box, gave a key to one of the judges
of the election, and took the box himself. The
other two judges of the election departed to get
their supper; he left the box in the room where
the election had been held and went to his sup-
per. When they came back, the key which the
inspector had given to the judge who went off
for his supper would not unlock the box. He
tried another, and that would not unlock the
box. Then this inspector, although the law
requires that if he keeps the box he should give
the key of it to one of the judges, took a key
out of his pocket and unlocked the box. When
the box had boon opened, this string of tickets
which had been placed on top of the uncounted
tickets was .not found. A search was made,
and this string of tickets was at last found at
the bottom of the box, under the uncounted
tickets which had been originally left there with
this string of tickets on the top.
When it came to appear that at least 170
persons had voted for the contestant, while only
140 votes had been counted for him, there was
cxcitement in the town, and some accusations
were made against the judges of the election.
When the transaction which I have recited came
to be discussed, the judges of the election and
the inspector were forced, precisely eight days
after the election, to come out in a public card,
in which, in order to relieve themselves of the
accusation of having tampered with the ballot-
box, they confessed a conviction on their part
that the ballot-box had been tampered with,
but alleged that it had been done m their ab-
sence. The three officers of election, as well
as the clerk, signed this statement, in which
they say the box was without doubt tampered
with, although they say it was in their absence
and without their knowledge. Therefore, we
have a discrepancy in the vote.
We also have the evidence, that cannot be
and is not controverted touching this township,
that there was an actual invasion of this ballot-
box at the close of the polls; but to what ex-
tent, Mr. Speaker, of course nobody knows.
Therefore, nobody knows how to correct this
poll. It is certain the actual return itself is
false. It is also certain there is no testimony
by which we can make it certain. The conclu-
sion is inevitable, then, we must lay it aside.
Then what is the duty of the committee?
What is the duty of all parties? It is to pro-
duce such testimony as is in their power of how
many votes were actually cast at that poll, and
to give to either party such votes as are proved
to have been cast for him. That mode has
been followed by the Committee of Elections,
abd the result is stated in the report.
I beg gentlemen to read the card upon pages
6 and 7, as it contains the kernel of the whole
ease.
The next is that of Cloverdale. The official
returns from this township gave Mr. Voorhees
27 votes, and Mr. Washburn 58 votes. It
was proved by the contestant, in precisely the
same manner as in the other case, there were
actually east for him, instead of 58, the num-
ber of 91 votes, making the difference between
58 and 91 in the count of so small a number
as that return. While the committee could
hardly make themselves believe this was an
honest mistake in so small an account as that,
yet, for the reason stated in the report, although
there was other evidence to which I beg to call
the attention of the House touching this poll,
they did not set aside the whole poll. There
was other eyidenee besides the fact that 01
