2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No action
can be taken on the report to-day except by
unanimous consent. If the Senator objects it
lies over.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it lie over until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. HOWE subsequently said: I move that
the memorial reported by the Senator from
New York be recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I would be glad to have it
returned to the committee for further consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition
of Austin Bingham, and others, late slaves
belonging to the estate of G. W. P. Custis,
praying that certain lands be set apart for
them, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 308) confirming the title of Alexis Garda-
pier to a certain tract of land in the county of
Brown, and State of Wisconsin, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution to
print additional copies of the report of the
Committee on Mines and Mining explaining
certain amendments to Senate bill No. '257,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and to ask for its present consid-
eration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered by unanimous consent and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the report
of the Committee on Mities and Mining explaining
certain pioposed amendments to Senate bill x\o.2->7,
togetherwith alike numberof copies of said bill with
the proposed amendments recommended by the com-
mittee, be printed tor the use of the Senate.
district supreme cocrt.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
amendment made by the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 184J to define more
clearly the jurisdiction and powers of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, and
for-other purposes, have instructed me to re-
port it back and ask that the Senati agree to
the amendment made by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I wish to have it acted on now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. WADE. I will state in a moment what
the amendment is. The House of Represent-
atives strike out the first four sections of the
bill. Those sections undertake more particu-
larly to specify the subjects of the jurisdiction
of the court, and the practice, in some respects,
making very slight alterations, which were sug-
gested principally by the clerk of that court.
After it went to the House of Representatives,
the judges of the court, on looking it over, I
believe, persuaded the House that it was unne-
cessary to alter the practice as proposed. In
the fifth section, anew subject was introduced,
and that was a provision for attachments, which
they thought very essential, and the House
thought so, too, and retained that portion of
the bill together with the section providing for
an increase of the salary of the judges. The
rest is stricken out. That is ail of the bill that
is left.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber if the sections retained are amended in any
way.
Mr. WADE. No, sir; not at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the House of Representatives will be
read.
Mr. V, ADE. I think it is not necessary to
read it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not ask for the read-
ing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We ought to know
what it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable
member from Indiana will understand it in a
moment. The bill came, originally, from the
Judiciary Committee, and my impression at
the time was that the first four sections gave
the court no additional power. The House of
Representatives have stricken out those sec-
tions, leaving the others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the amendment can be dispensed with
by the unanimous consent of the Senate if they
prefer acting upon the amendment without
hearing it read. The question is on concurring
in the amendment made to the bill by the House
of Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
prixtixg of a bill.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 344) donating public
lands to the several States which may provide agri-
cultural colleges for the education of persons of Afri-
can descent be printed.
bills introduced,
Mr. CHANDLER askejJ, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 347) to change certain collection districts
in Maryland and Virginia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
fort leavenworth reserve.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to inquire as to the ex-
pediency of granting the right of way to the Platte
Country and Western and Fort Des Moines railroads
through that portion of the Fort Leavenworth mili-
tary reserve lying on the north side of the Missouri
river, to report by bill or otherwise.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the first, fourth, and seventh amendments
of the Senate, and disagreed to the second,
third, fifth, and sixth amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 37) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1867, asked a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Rufcs P. Spaldixg of Ohio, Mr. Shelby
M. Cullom of Illinois, and Mr. William Rad-
ford of New York managers at the same on
its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had disagreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 131) relative to appointments
to the Military Academy of the United States,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Robert C. Schexck of Ohio, Mr. H. E.
Paine of Wisconsin, and Mr. L. II. Rousseau
of Kentucky managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 255)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repair of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense for the year
ending June 30, 1867, asked a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Mr. Henry J. Ray-
mond of New York, Mr. Sidney Perham of
Maine, and Mr. William E. Niblack of In-
diana managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 613) to continue in force
and to amend an act to establish a Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and
for other purposes.
house bill referred.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(H. R. No. 013) to continue in force and to
amend an act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL subsequently said : A bill
relating to the Freedmen's Bureau passed by
the House of Representatives has been referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. There are
now pending before the Committee on Military
Affairs one or two bills on that subject. I think
they had better be together, and I suggest, as
that committee has those bills now pending,
this had better go to the same committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
if there be no objection. The reference made
to the Judiciary Committee will be corrected,
and the bill is referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
kentucky militia.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate resolu-
tion No. 94t
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 94) providing for the pay-
ment of certain Kentucky militia forces was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of War to cause to be investigated the claims
of the forces called out under the command of
James S. Fisk, in May, 1862, and to pay them
at the same rate for actual service rendered,
while absent from their homes as was allowed
bylaw to other volunteer forces in the military
service at the date specified; and in estimating
the amount due them, their officers are to be
paid as of the grade to which the number of
men would have been entitled under the mus-
tering regulations of the Army in force at the
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the reading of
the report accompanying the joint resolution.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Sprague from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia on the IGth
instant:
The Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the petition of James  S. l:isk,
and other?, of the^home guard of Rock Ca?tleand Lin-
coln counties, in Kentucky, praying compensation for
servie.es rendered during the threatened raid of the
rebel John Morgan, in 1862, having had the subject
under consideration, beg respectfully to report:
That in May, 1362, the State of Kentucky, at or
near Cumberland Gap, was threatened by the rebel
forces under the command of John Morgan; that tho
; petitioner, James S. Fisk, was at the time command-
: ing n battalion of home guard jsn the counties of
j Hock Castle and Lin coin, in said State, which organi-
' zation was called into scrvice by Brigadier General
! T. "W. Moigan. United States volunteers, for the pro-
I tection of telegraph line* and railroads and other
; lines of communication threatened by the enemy.
; This force was at no expense to the Government and'
j has as yet received no pav. It wasnot musteredinto
j or out of the service of the United States hence the
I accounting officers of the Treasury do not consider
i existing legislation a sufficient warrant for the pay-
j ment. General T. W. Morgan, United States volun-
1 teers.had no authority to call out militia forces,
j He did not seek authority irom General Buell, his im-
j mediate commander, either before oraftertheissuing
: of the order, although he had ample time to do so.
; Had be performed his duty in this respect, the War
i Department would probably have sanctioned his act,
! and the forces would have been paid at the time the
j services were rendered.
t The committee are of the opinion that the claim-
ants, who actually performed scrvice.should not bo
kept out of their pay by the neglect of Gcneial Mor-
gan to obtain authority for hisordcr; but theyshould
bepaid forthe time they were actually in service, the
officersof the grade established J>y regulation forthe
number of men performing scrvice. The committee
therefore recommend the parage of the accompany-
ing resolution.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the name
"Fisk," as printed in tho resolution, be
changed to u Fish." It is a clerical error.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, as it is a clerical mistake.
Mr. SPItAGUE. I think the report states
the facts clearly with reference to this case.
These forces were actually called into the ser-
vice of the United States, although they were
not mustered into the service, and performed
actual service. It is not clearly set forth in the
report or in the orders the number of men that
were actually employed, but the resolution is so
