I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon this very case, recognized, and I doubt
not very properly, the distinction which I here
make. When the language to which I have
called attention was uttered by Mr. Grinnell
I for one sat. here astonished beyond measure
that a member of this House was permitted to
proceed in the use of such language. I did
not deem it my place to call him to order, for,
inexperienced as 1 was in the usages ot parlia-
mentary assemblies, 1 supposed, in my inno-
eence, that it was the duty of the Speaker to
restrain such language. The Speaker himself,
in afterward staling the line of action which
he pursued and the reasons for it, stated that
the precedents were the other way; that, by
the practice of the House, the Speaker not be-
ing invited to yield his consent to a personal
explanation, and being the only member of the
House who is not so invited, the rest of the
House having granted the leave, it is, accord-
ing to usage, for the rest of the House to reg-
ulate the debate, not for the_ Speaker to inter-
fere in the firsPinstanco. If I had understood
tliat rule—which i.s undoubtedly the correct one
as stated by the Speaker—if I had so under-
stood it, I most certainly would take to myself
still greater shame and self-abasement that I
had set here in my seat and been privy to per-
mitting such a proceeding to go on here. To-
day, sir, f say irankiy, I look back with self-
abasement and self-repvoach to the part I took
in this transaction in being a silent spectator of
such a proceeding-
Now, sir, the point to which I come is this:
that in the report made by the committee they
have been guilty of what seems to me—and I
beg pardon for using the word guilty, perhaps
I ought not to use it—they have committed an
error which strikes me as a most palpable one,
especially when taken in conncction with the
remarks of the chairman of that committee on
Saturday. This committee report that the as-
sault made by General Rousseau on Mr. Grik-
ncll was intended for the purpose of disgrace
uid insult, and not for the purpose of serious
>nrsonal injury. They report that it was pro-
oked by the unparliamentary, improper, and
uatrue language of Mr. Giuxxbll,. They re-
port, that the charge of cowardice and improper
conduct as an officer which he made upon Gen-
eral 1!ousseau was unfounded; that General
Rousseau's military record is unblemished.
Then most singularly they fall out of the line
af the argument they pursue, and in reference
to which the chairman in his remarks claps the
climax by saying, and I think most justly and
properly, that if he had made such remarks
upon this floor as were made by Mr. Giiinnell,
ho should have thought he ought to be expelled
from the body. Taking that line of facts re-
ported by the committee and that admission
made by the chairman in his argument on
Saturday, it seems to me a most extraordinary
spectacle that the majority of this committee
have reported as the punishment of one _of
these insults the expulsion of the misdoing
member from the House, and as to the other
insult which provoked the former, an insult I
submit in the eyes of eveiy right-minded man
quite as flagrant, a charge of cowardice against
an officer, a charge of falsehood and false pre-
tense upon this floor against a member, as damn-
ing an insult as a blow; for the first of these
insults equal in extent, prior in time, the pro-
voker ofthe other, they say—what? Not expul-
sion, not a reprimand at the bar of the House
by the Speaker, not a censure, but the mild
expressiou that such things " merit the disap-
proval of this House.'' It is most delicately
put. To call a gallant officer, an honorable
member of this House, falsely, a coward, a
sar, a braggart, upon this floor, to do it delib-
■rately under color of vindicating his own per-
sonal reputation from aspersion, is conduct in
the language of this resolution which "merits
the disapproval of this House."
Sir, 1 cannot believe that the immense dis-
tinction which was here taken between the in-
sult offered by Geixxell to Rousseau and the
insult offered by Rousseau to Grixnell duly
received the attention and consideration of that
committee. I cannot believe they intended to
say here, we will for one gross and wanton
insult, not only to a member of this House, but
to the privileges of the House, indicate our dis-
approval, our gense that it merits the disapproval
of the House, and will visit the other, with the
extremest punishment this House can inflict.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutweu,] asked me a little while ago if I
proposed to assert here that any person who
considered himself insulted upon the floor of
this House was at • liberty to go out of the
House and vindicate himself by an act of vio-
lence upon the offending party. I disclaimed
in the beginning any such argument. I dis-
claim it now. I simply say, and I say by my
resolution, when such an assault, such an in-
sult is committed upon the floor of this House
and the member insulted fails to receive the
protection of this House, and follows it with
aotion not monstrously disproportioned to the
aggravation received, I will not say he is justi-
fied, but I will not diseuss the question of jus*
tification.
I contend that when this House has permitted
one of its members thus to make an attack upon
the character of another member, and has failed
to protect the member assailed, I, for one, say
that when he, in following up that insult, anii
avenging it as he may see fit, does not do it in
such a way as to be grossly and monstrously
disproportioned to the offense committed, it is
a matter which the House should not inquire
into, In this case, the fault originated with
the party finally injured. He ought to have
been dealt with by the House for his violation
of its privileges. Whether General Rousseau
was justified in his subsequent conduct I leave
it to his own conscience to decide. But, sir,
in my judgment, whether the House shall adopt
the amendment which I have offered or not,
whether they shall deem that action ought to
be taken here such as will properly vindicate
the rights of members or not, one thing is cer-
tain, and that is, that their action should not
look to the punishment of Mr. Rousseau only.
This House ought not to put itself in the posi-
tion of condemning severely the party who acted
under great provocation and let off the party
who gave that provocation with the mildest
possible expression of disapproval.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question ; and it is simply this—whether he
does not know now that the first provocation
on the day of which he speaks came from the
gentleman from Kentucky; whether that gen-
tleman did not say that there was not a mem-
ber upon the floor who believed a word my
colleague said ? Does not the gentleman know
that that was the first provocation on that day ?
Mr. HALE. I do not know any such thing.
Mr. PRICE. The record shows it.
Mr. HALE. If it be true it is immaterial.
Mr. PRICE. It is not immaterial.
Mr. HALE. The record shows that the first
personalities on that occasion were used by Mr.
Giunxell, who made a personal attack upon
Mr. Rousseau. I do not think it is necessary
to go further back than this, and I can only
say, that if the member from Iowa: or other
member upon this floor, thinks that a decla-
ration that his colleague is not to be believed
in an assertion which he has.;made, in regard
to the military career of General Rousseau, is
to be answered by charges of cowardice and
false pretenses and braggart lying he certainly
has a very peculiar taste, very peculiar ideas,
and very remarkable notions regarding the
proper reply to an insult.
Mr. RAYMOND obtained the floor.
FKEBDJIEN'S BUREAU VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. ELIOT. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York I desire to have
the President's veto message laid before the
House, and then I propose to move that it be
laid upon the table and printed, giving notice
that I will call it up to-morrow after the morn-
ing hour for action.
Mr. RAYMOND. I must decline to yield
for the purpose of having the message read,
though I have bo objeotioa to having it pre-
sented and laid upon the table.
Thp SPEAKER. . It is always considered
respectful to the President that messages of
this character should be ?ead. Does the gen-
tleman from New York yield for that purpose ?
Mr. RAYMOND. If it is a matter of respect
to a higher authority I will yield;
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
the following veto message from the President
of the United States:
To the Iffftise of Representatives:
A careful examination of the bill passed by
the two Houses of Congress entitled "An act
to continue in force and to amend an act to
establish a Bureau for the relief of Freed men
and Beftigees, and for other purposes," has
convinced me that the legislation which it pro-
poses would not be consistent with the welfare
of the country, and that it falls clearly within
the reasons aligned in my message of the 19th
of February last, returning, without my signa-
ture, a similar measure which originated in tlfft
Senate. It is not my purpose to repeat the oh?
jeetions which I then urged. They are yet
fresh in your recollection, and pan lie readily
examined as a part of the records of one branch,
of the national Legislature. Adhering to the
principles set forth in that message, I now re-
affirm them, and the line of policy therein
indicated.
The only ground upon which this kind of
legislation can be justified is that of the war-
making power. The act of which this bill was
intended as amendatory was passed during the
existence of the war. By its own provisions
it is to terminate within one year from the ces-
sation of hostilities and the declaration of peace.
It is therefore yet in existence, and it is likely
that it will continue in force as long as the
freedmen may require the benefit of its pro-
visions. It will certainly remain in operation
as a law until some months subsequent to the
meeting of the next session of Congress, when,
if experience shall make evident the necessity
of additional legislation, the two Houses will
have ample time to mature and pass the requi-
site measures. In the mean time the questions
arise, why should this war measure be contin-
ued beyond the period designated in the origi-
nal act; and why, in time of peace, should
military tribunals be created to continue until
each " State shall be fully restored in its con-
stitutional relations to the Government, and
shall be duly represented in the Congress of
the United States?" It was manifest, with
respect to the act approved March 3,1865, that
prudence and wisdom alike required that juris-
diction overall cases concerning the free enjoy-
ment of the immunities and rights of citizen-
ship, as well as the protection of person and
property, should be conferred upon some tri-
bunal in every State or district where theordi-
nary course of judicial proceeding was inter-
rupted by the rebellion, and until the same
should be fully restored. At that time, there-
fore, an urgent necessity existed for the passage
of some such law. Now, however, the war has
substantially ceased; the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings is no longer interrupted;
the courts, both State and Federal, are in full,
complete, and successful operation, and through
them every person, regardless of race and color,
is entitled to and can be heard. The protec-
tion granted to the white citizen is already con-
ferred by law upon the freedmenstrong and
stringent guards, by way of penalties and pun-
ishments, are thrown around his person and
property, and it is believed that ample protec-
tion will be afforded him by dne process of law,
without resort to the dangerous expedient of
"military tribunals," now that the war has
been brought to a close.
The necessity no longer existing for such
tribunals, which had their origin in the war,
grave objections to their continuance must pre-
sent themselves to the mincb of a" reflecting
and dispassionate men. Independently of the
danger in representative republics of confer-
ring upon the military in time of peace extraor-
