1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1929
the President to remove him forthwith from
office. He is permitted under this bill to go
away and be absent thirty days at any one
time, to make a visit anywhere ho pleases, and
extend the visit for thirty days; but it is im-
possible for justice to be administered by the
judges of these Territories or the business of
the territorial governments to be conducted if
the officers there are allowed whenever they
see proper to leave and come here to Wash-
ington or to the States, because it takes six
months Or a year generally to perform that
journey, and during that time the people are
left without any officers to discharge the duties
necessary to be discharged for the interest of
the people. I am not particular about the
phraseology of the bill or about its terms, but
I think it is desirable that some such law as
this should be passed in order to abolish and
remove this abuse.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that I under-
stand this bill, but if I do understand it the
result will bo that if an officer of one of the
Territories is now in this city or in New York,
or elsewhere outside of the Territory upon
business, under a permit or a leave granted by
a superior officer in this city, and if he has
been here thirty days, he is to be turned out
of office. X* is retrospective.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Or he is to be turned out
if he does not get home in thirty daj1?.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have no doubt that some-
thing ought to be done 011 this subject. I am
as conscious as the Senator from Oregon is
that great injustice has been done to the peo-
ple of the Territories by the absence of the
territorial officers, f have been informed of
cases where the judges have been absent nine
months out of the twelve. But it seems to
me that this is rather a sweeping law. Sup-
pose the secretary of the Territory of Idaho is
instructed by the General Assembly of that
Territory to procure the laws of the General
Assembly to be printed at the end of the ses-
sion. He cannot print them in Idaho ; he must
necessarily come to some of the States. He
must supervise the matter, attend to making a
critical index, and seeing that the printing of
the laws is done correctly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then he is not absent
from his duties.
Mr. GRIMES. He is absent from the Ter-
ritory, and the provision of the bill refers to
absence from the Territory and not to absence
from duty. In that case ho must be put out
of office at once.
Mr. NESMITH. As my colleague has al-
ready stated, a very great abuse has grown up
on account of the absence of officers from the
1 erritories. I think, however, it is mosily eon-
fined to judicial officers. I know that judges
in Washington and Idaho—and I have heard
similar complaints from Montana—have been
absent a good deal. But I think the provisions
of this bill are a little too stringent. It some-
times becomes necessary that territorial officers
should visit Washington cily. I know that a
few days ago a dispatch was sent to an officer
in Idaho requiring his presence in this city, not
on private business but on business connected
with the Indian department in relation to
treaties. Under this bill, however, notwith-
standing the fact that he has been telegraphed
for to come to Washington in the discharge of
his official duty, lie is liable to be dismissed for
complying with the order of his superior. I
prefer that the bill should limit leaves of
ab-ence in some way, and 1 think that power
is tolerably safe where it is lodged now, with the
President and heads of Departments. I know
they have recently become very stringent in the
exercise of the power of graining permission,
and have refused leave of absence in several
c.iM'S. But if this bill is passed in its present
iorni. if an officer is ordered here on duty—and
it frequently becomes necessary to order offi-
cers of the Indian department hete from the
Territories—he is not only liable to lose his
-alary but to be di-mi--ed (V>>m his office. I
have no objection to tin- 1 i!' if ii be confined
to judicial officers ; but if it is to extend to all
territorial officers, I should be glad to see some
modification of it, though I admit therejias been
much cause of complaint on account of the
absence of territorial officers from their Terri-
tories.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the bill will be laid
over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not particular, as
I before stated, as to the phraseology employed
in this bill, but I am satisfied that if the bill
provides that leave of absence may be granted
as it is now granted by the President or by the
heads of the different Departments, the bill
will be of little or no value. 1 do not object
to any exception that may be made where an
exception may be supposed to be necessary;
but so far as I know the applications that are
made by these officers a]*e universally granted.
There may have been an application denied,
but not to my knowledge, and I know that in
very many cases officers leave their positions
in the Territories and come here to Washing-
ton, and then solicit their friends and those
whom they suppose to have influence with the
proper Department to apply for leave of ab-
sence. and upon application and b-y importu-
nity this leave of absence is obtained. 1 think
that there ought to be some restriction upon
that, so that an officer sending a telegram here
to Washington containing some representation
that his absence is necessary shall not there-
upon obtain leave of absence, because the
President or the head of a Department may
not be advised as to the necessity of his pres-
ence in the Territory, 'lho object of the bill
is to reach that mischief as well as the other,
and I concur in what my colleague says that
great evil has grown out of the absence of
judicial officers from the Territories.
As to the suggestion made by the Senator
from Iowa that the secretary might necessarily
be absent to attend to the printing of the laws,
let me say that may be done, without the pres-
ence of the secretary, and is generally done
outside of the Territory without his presence
to supervise the printing. Iam willing if it is
desired, that the bill shall go over, and that
some amendments shall be proposed or sug-
gested if Senators are not satisfied with the
bill in its present form.
Mr. CONNESS. From one point of view
the proposition now before the Senate interests
mewconsiderably ; it calls my attention to the
fact that to a very considerable extent the
Territories of the United States are governed
by appointees selected in the East from super-
annuated politicians, men either found unfit
at home to fill high public station, or who have
been in public station and cut no considerable
or creditable figure in it. Such men have been
very commonly selected and sent as a plague
upon the people of the Territories of the Uni-
ted States—a people as a general rule the most
virtuous, the most courageous, the most useful
in the Republic. They go out frequently from
comfortable and compensating industries in-
spired by the .spirit of adventure and by the
| hope of making new homes in regions offering
! better inducements for success. They reduce
j the forest and the wilderness to ei\ilization
; and use. They are generally men of marked
j intelligence, line types of the American char-
i acter, the men who lnne taken empire west-
i ward and who arc now rolling back civilization
! upon the East, and the very highest typo of
i moral and political philosophy reduced to
practice, from the ocean that bounds this con-
|' tineut on the west.
;i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
' ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of"the Chair to call up the order of the day,
i being bills reported from the Committee on
Pensions, assigned by special order for this
' da}'.
'j Jlr. CONNESS. If there is no haste in
calling up those bills, I should like to proceed
■ for a few moments.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to pass'
, all iho.-e bills to-day ; there are a great many
i1 of them.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
that I will not occupy five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California may proceed by unani-
mous consent of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I have more than once
called attention in the Senate to this practice.
The abuses which result from it, and which are
sought to be corrected by the bill now before
us, arise in a great measure from the fact that
the parties selected to govern and hold the high
places in the Territories are not selected, as
they should be, from the body of those coura-
geous men whom I have described, that go out
and pioneer that country and undertake ita
reduction to civilized purposes. I do not
expect by anything that I shall say here to be
able to correct this general, as I think, perver-
sion of power and misuse of power ; but it is
clear that if the selections were made with more
care and with more regard to the persons to
be governed, namely, the inhabitants of the
Territories, the persons in these places would
be at home, they would not be running into
the cities of the East; they would not be com-
ing back to see their friends, and to exhibit
themselves as returned Governors and judges,
to be feasted and toasted, and exhibiting rich
specimens selected from the ores of those new
Territories, talking often very learnedly and
very deceptively to the eastern people and the
eastern mind about the riches of those coun-
tries of which they know little ; of which prac-
tically, they know nothing.
These, and many abuses like them, would
have an end if care was observed in selecting
the men who are to govern these people and
the men who are to administer the laws among
them from themselves. It is not, Mr. Presi-
dent, for the want of talent there that their
Governors and administrators of the laws
among them are selected elsewhere. We have
a case now in point; I think it is worthy of
attention. We have sent a soldier out very
recently to fill the office of secretary of a Ter-
ritory in the West. He finally, as the law pro-
vides, fills the office of Governor pro tempore
during the absence of that functionary. He
has given new administration in that Terri-
tory : he by his acts has released from confine-
ment men guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors, and the population, maddened at the
absurd pretensions and assumptions, have fol-
lowed a criminal and hung him to the next
tree. This is the administration of law that is
now going on m one of the Territories!
I hope without extending these remarks,
which if time permitted I would do, that some
measure of this kind carefully prepared will
pass and become a law, and that these gentle-
men selected and sent out into these places of
honor, and to them frequently of profit, (for
some of them go further than legitimate ends
in reaching profit,) will be required to make
their domicile at least, or yield the offices that
in many instances they so discreditably fill.
Mr. POMEROy. Mr. President, if this bill
is to 'pass—X do not know whether the vote is
to be taken this morning  "
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I must object to
farther discussion of the bill, and call for the
order of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore TIiq order
of the day is now in order, and any further dis-
cussion can only be had by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEItOY. I had an amendment to
propose to meet the very case submitted by the
Senator from California.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I hope it will go
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Rills re-
ported from the Committee on Pensions are
the special order of the day. The Chair will,
however, first dispose of some business on his
table, by the indulgence of the Senate.
TOST OFFICE FCSD3.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 2'.)) tor
the transfer of funds appropriated for the pay
wont of salaries in the Post Office Department
