1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
drawn that, tlio Secretary of War is to investi-
gate and find out the number, and pay them
the same amount as was allowed by law to
other volunteer forces at that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Committee 011 Military Affairs, as these
men were never mustered into the service of the
United States, what the view of the War Depart-
ment is on the subject; whether they have had
any information or communication with the
Department to know the views of the Depart-
ment on the subject, or whether they have
undertaken to order the Secretary of War to
pay these men without first understanding
what position is assumed with regard to them
in the War Department itself, i make this
inquiry because I deem it altogether unsafe for
a committee of Congress to act on questions of
this kind without first communicating with the
Department and getting the views of the De-
partment on the subject.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The War Department
have been consulted in reference to this mat-
ter, and as the troops were actually in the ser-
vice of the Government and performed service,
they are inclined to believe and feel that com-
pensation should be allowed. These compa-
nies—there were"five of them, I believe—actu-
ally performed service under the command of
a United States officer who was regularly mus-
tered in ; and he testifies that they performed
valuable service; but in the condition of affairs
in the early years of the war the authority was
not obtained which would have been obtained
undoubtedly had the request been made of the
Department. The Secretary of War informs
us that if application had been made at the
proper time through the proper channel he
has no doubt these forces would have been
employed.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I move to amend the bill
by striking out after the word " rendered," in
line seven,the words "whileabsent from their
homes" and inserting in lieu of those words
"and make them the same allowances for
rations and clothing;" so as to make the reso-
lution read, "and to pay the said forces at the
same rate for actual service rendered, and
make them the same allowances for rations
and clothing as was allowed by law to other
volunteer forces." When General Morgan
was at Cumberland Gap, upon which the con-
federate forces were pressing, lie called out
this militia force under Colonel Fish.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood from the
statement in the report that they were called
out by a militia officer, and not by an officer
of the United States.
Mr. GUTHRIE. General Morgan was in
the service of the United States, and in com-'
mand of Cumberland Gap. These troops were
called out to keep up his connections and main-
tain him in command of thatposition, and they
went repeatedly from Lincoln and Rock Cas-
tle counties guarding provisions and supplies.
They were the mountaineers in that section of
country, and were enabled to communicate
with General Morgan in the Gap. We know
in Kentucky that they rendered valuable ser-
vice.
I had a conversation with the Secretary of
War upon this subject, and he thought the
matter came properly within the scope of legis-
lation by Congress, and referred to a case in
Maryland where troops were called out under
General Morris, I think. In that case the call-
ing out of the troops had not the sanction of
the general commanding, but they were called
out in an emergency, and Congress passed a
resolution authorizing them to be paid, and
lie said a resolution of this kind would be
proper to authorize the Secretaiy of War to
pay these troops. ITe saw no reason why they
should not be paid, but he could not pay them,
as their calling out had not been sanctioned by
tho Commander-in-Chief, and he recommended
that the case be brought to the Legislature for
action. The amendment which I offer is to
explain to the accounting officers what their
duty will be under the joint resolution, that
these men are to have the same provision that
other troops have. It is notorious in Kentucky
that they were called out and did good service
in keepingup communication with Cumberland
Gap.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The words "while absent
from their homes'' were inserted because it was
not clearly set forth whether these men were
actually at all times in the service or whether
they were at stated points ready to be called
upon whenever an emergency seemed to de-
mand. There is nothing of that kind set forth
in the petition or in the papers accompanying
the joint resolution. As regards rations and
clothing, it is evident that if they were at home
they would not require clothing or rations from
the Government, as they did not come within
the same scope as troops who were mustered
into the service and were in camp. They might
have been at their homes, ready at all times to
be called upon as home guards. It was thought
best by the committee to make this provision
allowing them pay while they were absent from
their homes. These men did perform military
service under the order of the commanding
general of the department at that point; hut
the amount of service and the manner of ren-
dering it is not clearly set forth, and therefore
the committee thought it well to put in a pro-
vision of this kind.
Mr. GUTHRIE. These men were called
out for this service one hundred and fifty miles
from where they lived, guarded the supplies to
the Cumberland Gap, and returned. They
were liable to be ordered away at any moment,
and were ordered on service. I suppose the
object is to deduct the time when they went
homo and staid all night, but they were in
service during the whole time. I presume that
these men having homes to go to, places to
stay at, did probably, with permission of their
officers, go home sometimes to assetnbleagain,
but they were subject to call at all times, and
probably had an agreed rendezvous to meet at.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they were not mus-
tered into service they were not subject to the
call of the commander. *
Mr. GUTHRIE. They were actually as
much subject to call as if they had been mus-
tered into service. They knew nothing about
the difference between being mustered into ser-
vice and not being mustered. They were un-
der this officer, and they went at his bidding
and at his orders, guarded the supplies, scoured
the country, and did everything that men in
their situation living in that mountain country
were fit to do. I suppose that really and in
truth they were as much at the command and
subject to the call of the commanding officer
as if they had a regular camp; but I have no
doubt some of them did go home, when they
returned to the neighborhood, to their families.
I think we had better leave the matter to be
settled by the Secretary of War. If they were
substantially and fairly and honestly in the ser-
vice, they ought to be paid; if they were not,
of course they ought not to be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am somewhat familiar
with the calling out of the troops in the differ-
ent States at the time of the Morgan raid, and
also at the time that General Morgan, who com-
manded at Cumberland Gap, left that post, and
I think the committee have established the cor-
rect rule in allowing pay during the time these
men were absent from home. I suppose there
were thirty or forty thousand at the same time
called out in the same way in Ohio who ren-
dezvoused at Cincinnati and points above and
below, and were engaged in the same service.
It seems to me there ought to be no allowance
made for rations or clothing, because the citi-
zens generally fed them. I was in Cincinnati
at the time, and I know a good deal of the
manner in which these volunteer soldiers were
treated. Very few of them were put to any
expense. Either the communities from which
they went or the cities or communities in which
they were fed them, and they wore their ordi-
nary clothes. It seems to me there is no ne-
cessity for any allowance of clothing or for
rations. The committee have allowed them
pay while they were absent from their homes,
and that, I think, is enough.
Mr. GUTHRIE. This resolution relates
especially to the men who were called out at
Cumberland Gap.
Mr. SHERMAN. They ought to be paid
for their services, but they marched no further
than other troops marched in Ohio.
Mr. GUTHRIE. They did not go to Ohio
at all.
Mr. SHERMAN, I know; but other troops
came from Ohio down to Kentucky.
Mr. GUTHRIE. They have been paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, but they have not
received anything for rations and clothing, and
1 think the same rule ought to be applied to
all. The committee, it seems to me, have
made a fair adjustment of this matter.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I withdraw the amend-
ment. I think it is reasonable, but I do not
want to have any skirmish about it.
The PRESlDENTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 37) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th of June. 1887,
which were disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House erf Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed ?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
By unanimous consent the Chair was author-
ized to appoint the committee; and Messrs.
Fessenden, Conness, and Riddle were ap-
pointed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPOINTMENTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 134)
relative to appointments to the Military Acad-
emy of the United States, which was disagreed
to by the House of Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
amendment which has been disagreed to.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Add as a new section:
And be it further resolved, Thatin all appointments
of cadets to the Military Academy after the present
year, the person authorized to nominate shall nomi-
nate not loss than five candidates for each vacancy,
ail of whom shall be actual residents of the congres-
sional district, Territory, or District of Columbia.,
entitled to the appointment: and the selection of
one shall be made from the candidates, according to
their respective merits and qualifications, under such
rules and regulations«as the Secretary of War shall
from time to time prescribe: but this shall not apply
to the appointment of cadets authorized by the Pres-
ident of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. Is there any other amend-
ment?
The PRFjSIDENT pro tempore. None.
, Mr. WILSON. I think the Senate had better
recede than have a controversy over this mat-
ter. A committee of conference on every little
bill here seems to me unnecessary. I move
that the Senate recede from its amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Rhode
Island who offered it [Mr. Axthosy] is not in.
Mr. JOHNSON". The provision stricken
out by the House was offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island. It would be better to
wait, I think, until he is in his seat.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be laid
aside for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be done by common consent.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently moved that
the Senate insist on its amendment, and agree
to the conference asked by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
