3850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
dinary powers—so carefully guarded against
by the patriots and statesmen of the earlier
days of the Republic, so frequently the ruin of
Governments founded upon the same free prin-
ciple, and subversive of the rights and liber-
ties of the citizen, the question of practical
economy earnestly commends itself to the con-
sideration of the law-making power. With an
immense "debt, already burdening the incomes
of the industrial .and laboring classes, a due
regard for their interests, so inseparably con-
nected with the welfare of the country, should
prompt us to rigid economy and retrenchment,
and influence us to abstain from all legislation
that would unnecessarily increase the public
indebtedness. Tested by this rule of sound
political wisdom, I can see no reason for the
establishment of the " military jurisdiction "
conferred upon the officials of the bureau by
the fourteenth section of the bill.
By the laws of the United States, and of the
different States, competent courts, Federal and
have been established and are now in
ftfli practical operation. By means of these
civil tribunals, ample redress is afforded for
all private wrongs, whether to the person or the
property of the citizen, without denial or unne-
cessary delay. They are open to all, without
regard to color or race. I feel weli assured
that it will be better to trust the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities of the citizen to tribunals
thus established, and presided over by compe-
tent and impartial judges, bound by fixed rules
of law and evidence, and where the right of
trial by jury is guarantied and secured, than
to the caprice and judgment of an officer of the
bureau, who, it is possible, may be entirely
ignorant of the principles that underlie the just
administration of the law. There is danger,
too, that conflict of jurisdiction will frequently
arise between the civil courts and these military
tribunals, each having concurrent jurisdiction
over the person and the cause of action—the
one judicature administered and controlled by
civil law, the other by the military. How is
the conflict to be settled, and who is to deter-
mine between the two tribunals when it arises?
In my opiniou it is wise to guard against such
conflict by leaving to the courts and juries the
protection of all civil rights and the redress of
all civil grievances.
The fact cannot be denied that since the
actual cessation of hostilities many acts of
violence, such perhaps as had never been wit-
nessed in their previous history, have occurred
in the States involved in the recent rebellion.
I believe, however, that public sentiment will
sustain me in the assertion that such deeds of
wrong are not confined to any particular State
or section, but are manifested over the entire
country, demonstrating that the cause that pro-
duced them does not depend upon any particu-
lar locality, but is the result of the agitation
and derangement incident to along and bloody
civil war. While the prevalence of such dis-
orders must be greatly deplored, their occasional
and temporary occurrence would seem to fur-
nish no necessity for the extension of the bureau
beyond the period fixed in the original act. Be-
sides the objections which I have thus briefly
stated, I may urge upon your consideration the
additional reason that recent developments in
regard to the practical operations of the bureau
in many of the States show that in numerous
instances it is used by its agents as a means of
promoting their individual advantage; and that
the freedmen are employed for the advance-
ment of the^ personal ends of the officers, in-
stead of their own improvement and welfare,
thus confirming the fears originally entertained
by many that the continuation of such a bureau
for any unnecessary length of time would in-
evitably result in fraud, corruption, and oppres-
sion.
It is proper to state that in cases of this
character investigations have been promptly
ordered, and the offender punished whenever
his guilt has been satisfactorily established.
As another reason against the necessity of the
legislation contemplated by this measure, ref-
erence may be had to the "civil rights bill/'
now a law of the land, and which will be faith-
fully executed as long as it shall remain unre-
pealed and may not be declared unconstitu-
tional by courts of competent jurisdiction. By
that act it is enacted "that all persons born
in the United States and not subject to any
foreign Power, excluding Indians not taxed,
are hereby declared to be citizens of the United
States; and such citizens, of every race and
color, without regard to any previous condition
of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
a punishment for crime whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall have the
same right in every State and Territory in the
United States, to make and enforce contracts,
to sue, to be parties, and give evidence, to
inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convcy
real and personal property, and to full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
the security of person apd property, as is en-
joyed by white citizens, and shall be subject to
like punishment, pains, and penalties, and to
none other, any law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom to the contrary notwith-
standing."
By the provisions of the act full protection
is afforded, through the district courts of the
United States, to all persons injured, and whose
privileges, as there declared, are in any way
impaired; and heavy penalties are denounced
against the person who willfully violates'the
law._ I need not state that that law did not
receive my approval; yet its remedies are far
preferable to those proposed in the present
bill; the one being civil and the other military.
By the sixth section of the bill herewith re-
turned, certain proceedings by which the lands
in the " parishes of St. Helena and St. Luke,
South Carolina," were sold and bid in, and
afterward disposed of by the tax commission-
ers, arc ratified and confirmed. By the sev-
enth, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh sec-
tions, provisions by law are made for the dis-
posal of the lands thus acquired to a particular
class of citizens. While the quieting of titles
is deemed very important and desirable the
discrimination made in the bill seems objec-
tionable, as does also the attempt to confer
upon the^ commissioners judicial powers, by
which citizens of the United States are to be
deprived of their property in a mode contrary
to that provision of the Constitutionwliich de-
clares that no person "shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property without due process
of law." As a general principle such legisla-
tion is unsafe, unwise, partial, and unconsti-
tutional. It may deprive persons of their
property who are equally deserving objects of
the nation's bounty as those whom by this
legislation Congress seeks to benefit. The
title to the land thus to be portioned out to a
favored class of citizens, must depend upon
the regularity of the tax sale under the law as
it existed at the time of the sale, and no sub-
sequent legislation can give validity to the rights
thus acquired as against the original claimants.
The attention of Congress is therefore invited
to a more mature consideration of the meas-
ures proposed in these sections of the bill.
In conclusion, I again urge upon Congress
the danger of class legislation, so well calcu-
lated to keep the public mind in a state of un-
certain expectation, disquiet, and restlessness,
and to encourage interested hopes and fears
that the national Government will continue to
furnish to classes of citizens in the several
States means for support and maintenance,
regardless of whether they pursue a life of
indolence orof labor, and regardless also of
the constitutional limitations of the national
authority in times of peace and tranquillity.
The bill is herewith -returned to the House
of Representatives, in which it originated, for
its final action. ANTDRRW JOHNSON.
Washington, July 16, 1866.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the message be
laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
| _ Mr. ELIOT. I give notice now that imme-
1 diately after the morning hour to-morrow I
shall call this bill up and ask immediate action
upon it, without debate.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that two thousand
extra copies of the message be printed.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the number will
be made twenty thousand copies. I think this
is a good document. I would suggest to the
author of this bill whether he had not better
take action upon it immediately. It may be
too long to wait until to-morrow morning to
pass it over the veto, and without debate. The
sooner action is taken the more apparent will
be the bad animus.
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection. [Cries
of '' There is none."] I move, then, to recon-
sider the vote by which the matter was post-
poned.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall
this bill become a law, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. ELIOT. Upon that I call the previous
question. *
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 68, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of or-
der. Can this subject be taken up in prefer*
ence to all other business without a two-third
vote?
The SPEAKER. It can, for, this is a con-
stitutional question.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not see why we need
be in such a hurry.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. One of your own
side [Mr. Le Blond] suggested that the vote
better be taken now.
Mr. ROGERS. Well, he was not in earnest,
of course. [Laughter.]
. Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] will make no
objection.
Mr. WARD. I submit that the Democrats
should choose their leader, and not confuse us
in this way. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The question must be
taken by yeas and nays.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 33,
not voting 45 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham. Bout-
well, Bromwell,Buckland,Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Dawes, De-
frees, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Eggleston. Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Hart, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss. Asaliel W. Hubbard. Chester D. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, James It. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ju-
lian, Kasson,Kelley,Keteham,Laflin,Latham,George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg.McKee, McRuer,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pike, Plants,
Price, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Scofleld, Shellabarger, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Warner. Elihu B. Wasliburne, William B.
Washburn. Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams
JamesF. Wilson,Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,Wood-
bridge, and the Speaker—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Dawson, Eldridge,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider. Aaron Harding, Hogan,
Humphrey, Johnson. Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond,
Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel
J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau .bhanklm.Sitgreaves, Taber, Taylor, Thornton.
Trimble, Henry D. Washburn, and Wright—33.
t? VOTING — Messrs, Baldwin, Beaman, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Blow Brandegee Broomall, Chanler,
Conroth, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Denison,
Dixon,Dodge, Dumont, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Good-
?rea;,uAb]le^<?- Harding Harris, Hayes, Hill, Demas
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingersoll. Jenekes,
Jones, Kelso, McCuIIough, Mclndoe, Paine, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Radford, John H. Rice, Schenck,
Sloa.n, Smith, Starr. Stilwell, Strouso, Francis Thom-
as, Upson, and Wmfield—45.
During the call of the roll, the following
announcements and statements were made:
Mr. MOULTON". I desire to state that my
°?.He Mr* ^ULL0M> is absent on account
of indisposition. If he was present he would
vote for the bill.
# Mr. DAWES. My colleague, Mr. Baldwin,
is detained in his room by indisposition. If he
