1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75) to encourage and facilitate telegraphic com-
munication between the western and eastern
continents, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
PAUL COLBY.
Mr. NEWELL moved that leave be granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of Paul Colby.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a personal explana-
■ tion.
Mr. MORRILL. How long do you want?
Mr. SMITH. I cannot tell.
Mr. MORRILL. I must object.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the morning hour
be dispensed with, and the House proceed to
the consideration of the special order, being
House bill No. 207, to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide ways and means to support
the Government," approved March 3, 1865.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tiveft of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the act entitled "An act to provide
ways and means to support the Government," ap-
proved March 3,18'35, shall be extended and construed
to authorize the Secretary ot theTreasury, at his dis-
cretion, to receive any Treasurynotesorotherobiiga-
tions, issued under any act of Congress, whether bear-
ing interest or not, in exchange for any description
of bonds authorized by the act to which this is an
amendment; and also to dispose of any description
of bonds, authorized by said act, cither m the United
States or elsewhere, to such an amount, in such man-
ner, and at such rates as he may think advisable, for
lawful money of the United States, or for anyTreab-
ury notes, certificates of indebtedness, or certificates
of deposit, or other representatives of value, which
have been or which, may be issued under any act-of
Congress, the proceeds thereof to bo used only forre-
tiringTreasury notes or other obligations issued under
any act of Congress; but nothing herein contained
shall be construed to authorize any increase of the
public debt: Provided, That the bonds which may be
disposed of elsewhere than in the United States may
be made payable, both principal and interest, in the
coin or currency of the country in which they are
made payable, but shall not bear a rate of interest
exceeding five per cent, per annum: And provided
further, That the act to which this is an amendment
shall continue in full force in all its provisions, ex-
cept as modified by thi-< act.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the financial
questions of loans, taxes, and currency are so
intimately associated that any discussion of one
may more or less involve the others. It is not
my purpose, however, at this time to make an
elaborate speech on any of these questions, but
to submit a few remarks mainly explanatory of
the bill before us, with some of the reasons why
it should be adopted. It is not in order to al-
lude to what occurred in the other end of the
Capitol on Monday last, and I shall proceed
as though nothing had happened, and, happen
what may, Union men will not subject them-
selves to" the reproach that they forgot they had
a country to save.
This bill touches what must be guarded as the
very apple of the eye—the public credit of the
country. In the past four years the magni-
tude of our financial operations has kept pace
as well with the grand movements in the field
as with the grander march of human liberty.
While the war lasted only loyal States paid any
taxes, and we have hitherto taxed only a part
of the nation's annual productions and daily
earnings, leaving unimpaired nearly the entire
capital of the country, and now, having satis-
fied our own people, the world, and even those
unbelieving rebels who risked their lives in con-
testing the fact, of the permanence of our Gov-
ernment, its probity, and its ability, we propose
to pledge, not only all of our past accumula-
tions, nil of our present untouched resources,
hut, as it is just that we should do, all our right
to the prospective wealth of thirty-six million
people, (earning, too, niore wealth annually
than any other fifty millions on the globe,) to
build up our credit, the untarnished credit of
the Republic, in such a way as to obtain the
loans we require on favorable terms and at the
lowest rate of interest.
The present bill is but a patch on an old
garment. The act of March S, 1865, author-
izes the funding of interest-bearing obligations,
and the present bill expands that authority so
as to mclude^non-interest-bearing obligations.
That is the whole of it in a nut-shell. I know
it is said the bill confers large powers, and
that is true; but they are all confined to ex-
changing a short debt for a long one, or to the
conversion of an old debt into anew one when
it can be done to our advantage. No. new
"loan is authorized, and our whole debt cannot
be increased under the new bill a single dollar.
But it is also said that Congress should define
and mark out a plan with exact limitations for
the Secretary to pursue, and then business men
would know exactly what to do. This would
look reasonable if Congress could foresee the
future condition of the country, but not having
such " foreknow] edge absolute" it has not been
done for five years past, and few real business
men have suffered. Such men are iron-clad,
and do not now complain. They are not in
debt, and they are ready to discount the dif-
ference between fictitious and actual values.
Dunn & Co. report, in fact, a far less number
of insolvents and a less amount of insolvent
debts for any one of the last four years than
for almost any year before. In spite of the rav-
ages of the Alabama and Susquehanna, even
marine insurance has been unusually profit-
able. The country has been prosperous, al-
though Secretaries of the Treasury have not
been put in strait jackets nor compelled to
disclose in the forefront of a statute their
policy for a year in advance. Business men
and bankers know that it is the policy of the
present Secretary to return to specie payments
at as early a day as can be done with safety,
and this does not exclude all flexibility, what-
ever may be the circumstances of the country,
in the application of the policy. That policy
has received their hearty approval, as well as
that of the country. It is a true and manly
policy. If there are any holders of shoddy or
other unrealized adventures who desire more
time to " unload " or to make profitable shifts,
the people do not sympathize with them.
Gold has ceased to be and paper has become
the measure of all values not^ interfered with
by foreign exchange, and being both fickle
from day to day, and without uniformity from
place to place, it is an evil of no ordinary mag-
nitude. Little of the products of agriculture
and none of manufactures will be long found
among our exports—only gold and bonds.
The gold product of the world for the past
ten years has been so great as in itself to de-
preciate its own value. Everywhere a day's
labor commands a higher price; and a bushel
of wheat will never more be sold at the lowest
rates of former days. The value of paper de-
pends not only upon the solvency of the prom-
isor, but upon its abundance, as well as upon
the caprice of the markets where it circulates,
and the confidence of its holder in its exchange-
able value with gold. Our paper has depre-
dated in value, or has lost a large share of its
purchasing power, and we must make it better,
or it may grow worse. But this restoration
need not" and cannot be at a headlong rate.
The promise, however, of a return to health, to
the specie standard, if it could be effected
within the coming year, as it cannot be, should
not alarm the world very much. When gold
fell from 285, in July. 18G4, to 130, in May,
1805, it caused no panic, and but few failures.
In the month of March, 18G5, gold fell fifty per
cent., and yet produced no commercial revolu-
tion. After such jumps as these without harm,
the much smaller step that remains may in due
time 1)0 overcome without any signal strain or
catastrophe. Business men will do themselves
no harm. Mercantile men are governed by the
laws of trade, and they know that these laws
must govern even the Secretary of the Treasury.
We have been fortunate in our Secretaries
of the Treasury for the past five eventful years.
The storm burst upon the head of Secretary
Chase; and its force, never ceasing, had not
abated when he was so appropriately called
by the voice ofthe country to the place henow
so worthily fifts. It was a.relief-to the hearts
of a loyal people when a successor command-
ing so much of public confidence as Secretary
Fessenden was found. These men asked and
received. Congress did not stint their-powers,
and they did not abuse their trusts. : It' wawa
time of war, and they had all its sinews to
furnish. • : i
Wow we have a Secretary—Mr; McCulloch
—summoned to his post at a time -when'its
responsibilities presented no paradise to polit-
ical ambition, whose financial conduct, thus
far, has won golden opinions at "home and
abroad, and whose annual report has been ap-
proved not only by a vote in itself unexampled,
but a vote of unexampled unanimity, all but
six, on the part of this House. His highest
ambition, I think, is, certainly it ought to be,
that of a financier. Fame won in that direc-
tion will be permanent. Political power and
patronage are ephemeral. Can we not trust
him? Here is a bill giving to him the same
powers we often gave to his immediate prede-
cessors, while his task is actually greater. More
than a million men have been disbanded, and
it remains to dismiss and retire the six hun-
dred and fifty millions of legal tenders which
served so creditably through the war. Our
present debt is $2,716,892,152, and during four
years less than one half of it has been perma-
nently funded. There yet remains of this heavy
work $1,657,241,758 &0 to be funded. Let no
one be deceived. All financial danger is npt
yet passed, and the perils of high rates of in-
terestand even of commercial revulsions, before
all our floating and short-time debts shall be
anchored in safe harbors, are so apparent that
nothing less than consummate skill, with au-
thority possibly as comprehensive in its pro-
portions as that heretofore conferred, can be
relied upon to grapple with the work now in our
immediate front.
The simple question is, will you perpetuate
this war-made expansion of the currency and
all its illimitable brood of evils, or will you
authorize a financier, who shows himself com-
petent for the task, to retire the excess as fast
as sound economy will permit? There is no
danger that this can or will be done too rapidly .
The ''legal tenders" will not be retired until
after other obligations have been gathered up,
as they must be retained to facilitate all such
operations. The ten days' temporary loan (de-
posits) of §114,755,840 is one of the dearest
loans we have, though nominally drawing less
than six per cent, interest, as all bankers know
very well that it is never safe to use more than
about two thirds of the amount of such loans
because they may be called for, and practically,
whenever money is scarce and really needed
by the borrower then it is sure to be wanted
and called for by the lender. When money is
plenty and not wanted, then the Government
has no lack of these ten-day loans. When it
is scarce, then these supplies are suddenly with-
drawn. In my judgment, this temporary loan
should be paid and never renewed. Perhaps
the certificates of indebtedness should be ex-
tinguished next. In time of war such obli-
gations may be accepted, but certainly in time
of peace they should not be sought. The com-
pound-interest notes will be falling due at no
very distant periods, and these having a two-
fold character, one for investment and one for
circulation, might well be chosen for early re-
demption. After this there should be given
such latitude as would admit of funding the
seven-thirty notes even before they are due.
Those who fear rash attempts at an early re-
sumption of specie payments should be quieted *
it is simply impossible to take at once any very
long strides in that direction. This is a process
only to be successfully accomplished by gradual
and persistent effort. Haste would mar and
retard it. Only while currency is plentiful and
cheap is it any object to exchange it for bonds;
make it scarce and dear and it will not be done.
The most desirable security—and to be so main-
tained at all times—must be United States
