1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
ifornia are to remain quiescent while they are
overrun by a flood of immigration of the Mon-
gol race? Are they to be immigrated out of
house and home by Chinese? I should 'hinlc
not. It is not supposed that the people of
California, in a broad and general sense, have
any higher rights than the people of China;
but they are in possession of the country of
California, and if another people of a different
race, of different religion, of different man-
ners, of different traditions, different tastes
and sympathies arc to come there ajjd have
the free right to locate there and settle among
them, and if they have an opportunity of pour-
ing in such an immigration as in a short time
will double or treble the "population of Cali-
fornia, I ask, are the people of California pow-
erless to protect themselves ? I do not know
that the contingency will ever happen, but it
may be well to consider it while we are on this
point.
As I understand the rights of the States under
the Constitution at present, California has the
right, if she deems it proper, to forbid the en-
trance into her territory of any person she
chooses who is not a citizen of some one of
the Unifed States. She cannot forbid his en-
trance; but unquestionably, if she was likely to
be invaded by a flood of Australians or people
from Borneo, man-eaters or cannibals if you-
please, she would have the right to say that
those people should not come there. It de-
pends upon the inherent character of the men.
Why, sir. there are nations of people with whom
theft is a virtue and falsehood a merit. There
are people to whom polygamy is as natural as
monogamy is with us. It is utterly impossible
that these people can meet together and enjoy
their several rights and privileges which they
suppose to be natural in the same society; and
it is necessary, a part of the nature of things,
that society shall be more or less exclusive. It
is utterly and totally impossible to mingle all
the various fami'ies of men, from the lowest
form of the Hottentot up to the highest Cau-
casian, in the same society.
It must be evident to every man intrusted
with She power and duty of legislation, and
qualified to exercise it in a wise and temperate
m.innr-r, that these things cannot be; and in !
my judgment there should be some limitation, I
some definition to this term "citizen of the J
United States." What is it? Is it simply to
put a man in a condition that he may be an I
elector in one of the States? Is it to put him ;
in a condition to have the right to enter the
United States courts and sue? Or is it only
that ho is entitled as a sojourner to the protec-
tion of the laws while he is within and under
the jurisdiction of the courts? Or is it to set
him upon some pedestal, some position, to put
him out of the reach of State legislation and
State power?
Sir, I trust I am as liberal as anybody to-
ward the rights of all people, but I am unwill-
ing, on the part of my State, to give up the right
that she claims, and that she may exercise, and
exercise before very long, of expelling a cer-
tain number of people who invade her borders;
who owe to her no allegiance; who pretend to
owe none; who recognize no authority in her
government; who have a distinct, independent
government of their own—an imperium in im-
perio; who pay no taxes; who never perform
military service; who«4o nothing, in fact, which
becomes the citizen, and perform none of the
duties ivhieh devolve upon him, but, on the
other hand, have no homes, pretend to own no
land, live nowhere, settle as trespassers where
ever they go, and whoso sole merit is a univer-
sal swindle ; who delight in it. who boast of it,
and whose adroitness and cunning is of such a
transcendent character that no skill can serve
to correct it or punish it; I mean the Gypsies.
They wander in gangs in my State. They fol-
low 110 ostensible pursuit for a livelihood. They
trade horses, tell fortunes, and tilings disappear
mysteriously. Where they came from nobody
knows. Tfieir very origin is lost in mystery.
No man to-day can tell from whence the Zin-
gara come or whither they go, but it is under-
stood that they are a distinct people. They
never intermingle with any other. They never
intermarry with any other. I believe there is
no instance on record where a Zingara woman
has mated with a man of any other race, al-
though it is true that sometimes the males of
that race may mate with the females of others;
but I think there is no case in history where it
can be found that a woman of that race, so
exclusive are they, and so strong are their
sectional antipathies, has been known to mate
with a man of another race. These people
live in the country and are born in the coun-
try. They infest society. They impose upon
the simple and the weak everywhere. Are
those people, by a constitutional amendment,
to be put out of the reach of the State in which
they live?^ I mean as a class. If the mere
fact of being born in the country confers that
right, then they will have it: and 1 think it will
be mischievous.
I think the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan would not admit the right that the Indians
of his neighborhood would have to come in
tipon Michigan and settle in the midst of that
society and obtain the political power of the
State, and wield it, perhaps, to his exclusion. I
do not know that anybody would agree to that.
It is true that our race are not subjected to
dangers from that quarter, because we are the
strongest, perhaps; but there is a race in con-
tact with this country which, in all character-
istics except that of simply making fiercc war,
is not only our equal, but perhaps our superior.
I mean the yellow race; the Mongol race.
They outnumber us largely. Of their indus-
try, their skill, and their pertinacity in all
worldly affairs, nobody can doubt. They are
our neighbors. Recent improvement, the age
of fire, has brought their coasts almost in im-
mediate contact willi our own. Distance is
almost annihilated. They may pour in their
millions upon our Pacific coast in a very short
time. Are the States to lose control over this
immigration? Is the United States to deter-
mine that they are to be citizens? I wish £o
be understood that I consider those people to
have rights just the same as we have, but not
rights in connection with our Government. If
I desire the exercise of my rights I ought to go
to my own people, the people of my own blood
and lineage, people of the same religion, peo-
ple of the same beliefs and traditions, and not
thrust myself in upon a society of other men
entirely different in all those respects from
myself. I would not claim that right. There-
fore I think, before we assert broadly that
everybody who shall be born in the United
States shall be taken to be a citizen of tlic
United States, we ought to exclude others be-
sides Indians not taxed, because I look upon
Indians not taxed as being much less danger-
ous and much less pestiferous to society than
I look upon Gypsies. I do not know how my
honorable friend from California looks upon
Chinese, but I do know how some of his fel-
low-citizens regard them. T have no doubt
that now they are useful, and I have no doubt
that within proper restraints, allowing that
State and the other Pacific States to manage
them as they may see fit, they may be useful;
bnt I would not tie their hands by the Consti-
tution of the -United States so as to prevent
them hereafter from dealing with them as in
their wisdom they see fit.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I have
failed to learn, from what the Senator has said,
what relation what he has said has to the first
section of the constitutional amendment be-
fore us ; but that part of the question I propose
leaving to the honorable gentleman who has
charge of this resolution. As, however, the
State of California has been so carefully
guarded from time to time by the Senator
from Pennsylvania and others, and the pas-
sage, not only of this amendment, but of the
so-called civil rights bill, has been deprecated
becau.sc of its pernicious influence upon society
in California, owing to the contiguity of the
Chinese and Mongolians to that favored land,
I may be excused for saying a few words on
the subject.
If my friend from Pennsylvania, who pro-
fesses to^ know all about Gypsies and little
about Chinese, knew as much of the Chinese
and their habits as he professes to do of the
Gypies, (and which I concedc to him, for I
know nothing to the contrary,) he would not
be alarmed in our behalf because of the oper-
ation of the proposition before the Senate, or
even the proposition contained in the civil
rights bill, so far as it involves the Chinese
and ns.
The proposition before us, I will say, Mr.
President, relates simply in that respect to the
children begotten of Chinese parents in Cal-
ifornia, and it is proposed to declare that they
shall be citizens. We have declared that by
law; now it is proposed to incorporate the
same provision in the fundamental instrument
of the nation. 1 am in favor of doing so. I
voted for the proposition to declare that the
children of all parentage whatever, born in
California, should be regarded and treated as
citizens of the United States, entitled to equal
civil rights with other citizens of the United
States.
Now, I will say, for the benefit of my friend,
that lie may know something about the Chi-
nese in future, that this portion of our popula-
tion, namely, the children of Mongolian parent-
age, born in California, is very small indeed,
and never promises to be large, notwithstand-
ing our near neighborhood to the Celestial land.
The habits of those people, and their religion,
appear to demand that they all return to their
own country at some time or other, either alive
or dead. There are, perhaps, in California to-
day about forty thousand Chinese—from forty
to forty-five thousand. Those persons return
invariably, while others take their places, and,
as I before observed, if they do not return alive
their bones are carefully gathered up and sent
back to the Flowery Land. It is not an unusual
circumstance that the clipper ships trading be-
tween San Francisco and China carry at a time
three or four hundred human remains of these
Chinese. When interred in our State they are
not interred deep in the earth, but laid very
near the surface, and then mounds of earth
are laid over them, so that the process of dis-
interment is very easy. That is their habit
and custom; and as soon as they are fit for
transmission to their own country they are
taken up with great regularity and sent there.
None of their bones are allowed to remain.
They will return, then, either living or dead.
Another feature connected with them is, that
they do not bring their females to our country
but in very limited numbers, and rarely ever
in connection with families; so that their pro-
geny in California is very small indeed. From
the description we have had from the honora-
ble Senator from Pennsylvania of the Gypsies,
the progeny of all Mongolians in California is
not so formidable in numbers as that of the
Gypsies in Pennsylvania. We are not troubled
with them at all. Indeed, it is only in excep-
tional cases that they have children in our
State; and therefore the alarming aspect of
the application of this provision to California,
or any other land to which the Chinese may
come as immigrants, is simply a fiction in the
brain of persons who deprecate it, and that
alone.
I wish now to address a few words to what
the Senator from Pennsylvania has said as to
the rights that California may claim as against
the incursion of objectionable population from
other States and countries. The State of Cal-
iforifia at various times has passed laws re-
strictive of Chinese immigration. It will be
remembered that the Chinese came to our
State, as others did from all parts of the
world, to gather gold in large quantities, it '
being found there. The interference with' our
own people in the mines by them was depre-
cated by and generally objectionable to the
miners in California. The Chinese arc rc-
