1866'.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
her 2, 1864, the Commissioner of Pensions was
directed to pay to him the pension to which he
was entitled by the act of Congress approved
March 3, 1837, entitled "An act for the more
equitable administration of the Navy pension
fund." After the passage of that, act by the
House, and while it was pending in the Sen-
ate, Mr. Murray died, leaving a widow and
several children in destitute circumstances.
The committee therefore report a bill granting
to Mrs. Murray the pension which her husband
would have drawn had he lived until the pas-
sage of (he act referred to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the bill read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the bill stands it
might, continue this pension indefinitely. 1
should think it hardly safe to pass the bill in
its present form, if it is only intended to give
her what he would have been entitled to receive
up to the lime of his death, had the bill passed
before, it seems to me the bill does not carry
out that idea.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will send for the
act referred to in the report and see exactly
what the terms of that act are. I think, under
the circumstances, the widow and children of
this Geotge W. Murray ought to have the ben-
efit of this pension. The bill can be postponed
for the present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is one of those
cases where we can learn nothing from having
the bill read.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask that the bill
may lie over until I can get the act for the ben-
efit of this Mr. Murray and see what the terms
of that act were.
The PitESiDEXT pro tempore. The bill
■will be laid aside by common consent.
catherine mock.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. II. No. 21'Jjfor
the relief of Catherine Mock.
The bill provides for placing upon the pension-
roll the name of Catherine Mock, of the city
of Baltimore, widow of William II. Mock,who
was oidiiauce sergeant, and died, at or near
Fort Mifflin, in 1SJ7, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence from and after
the passage of this act and continue during her
natural life.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by striking out the words "from
and after the passage of this act" and insert-
ing "from the 1st day of May, IRfi-V
Mr. FESSENDEN. T should like to hear
the report in that ease.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Stockton from the Commit-
tee on Pensions on the 23d of March last:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
House bid No. 219. entitled "An act for the relict ot
Catherine ilock," respectfully leport:
That it appear? from the evidence before the com-
mittee that Catherine Mock is the widow of Mr.Wil-
liam II. Mock, who served with fidelity as a private
soldier duung the Floiidawar; that lie reenlisted
and was made ordnanee sergeant t Fort Mififin, on
the Delaware, m ls;;ij; that in November. 1837, he
w;"- drowned while attempting to eio-s the river to
obtain supplier for the x<<> '. It further appearsthat
s:iid widow is now more than seventy years of asc,
afihoted. helpless, and destitute of all means of sup-
port: that it is barely possible she v.uil live three
months to enjoy the pension piovicWl by the hill.
'flu-committee think that the pension should be
granted hom the date when the claim caroe promi-
nently belore Congress. Tluy theiefore report the
loll back with the lollowing amendment: strike out
in line nine, after the word " hom,"' the words " ami
alter the passage of this act," and illicit the follow-
ing wolds in place thereof, "the 1 r day of May,
lfc'.iV
'the committee recommend the passage of the bill
as amended.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That amendment
is simply this: the bill as it passed the House
granted a pension to Mrs. Moult from and after
the passage of this act; but it was thought by
our committee—the l-eporl was made by Mr.
Stockton—that the pension should commence
from the time she filed her papers claiming the
pension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
why she is not entitled to a pension under the
general law with reference to pensions? Why
does she not come within that law?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He was not killed
in battle, as the Senator would have noticed if
he had listened to the reading of the report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I noticed that. Must
they be killed in battle?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This man was
drowned. A person must be killed in battle
or die from wounds or disease contracted in
the line of his duly in order to be entitled to a
pension under the general pension law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless we are to estab-
lish a new principle that is to apply to all these
cases, the other reason in the report is hardly
one that can be given; and that is, that she is
aged and infirm and needs this pension. That
would take out of the Treasury in all cases
money for those who happen to be infirm and
aged. I should like to know of the chairman
if the committee have established the principle
i that in all cases where the widows of soidiers
| are left in needy circumstances they arc to
i receive a pension.
! Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The committee
] have established no such principle; but they
! have established in this bill this principle: that
! if a man is drowned while he is in the service,
I and in the discharge of his duty, he is entitled
I to a pension, as much so as though ho had been
j shot down in the face of the enemy.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Ilave you confined your
I! bills to cases of that description?
'' Mr. LxVNE, of Indiana. Certainly we do.
'! We do not go into general charities at all.
ii Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will not object to it;
but I think the last reason given in the report
!; ought to be omitted, because it might make a
bad precedent.
!l The bill was reported to the Senate as
1 amended, and the amendment was concurred
' in. The bill was ordered to a third reading,
,j read the third time, and passed.
ij 3IRS. MARTHA STCVEN'S.
i On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the ;
j: bill (S. No. 237) granting a pension to Mrs.
j! Martha Stevens, was read a second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole,
t The Secretary of the Interior, according to the
jl bill, is to place the name of Mrs. Martha Ste-
vens, widow of John F. Stevens, late deputy
i provost marshal of the fourth congressional
" district of the State of Indiana, on the pension- !
roll, at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
1 to commence from the 10th day of June, 18G3, ,
, and to continue during her widowhood. i
j. Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is a report j
t in that case. Lot it be read. |
The Secretary read the following report, j
1,1 made by Mr. Laxe, of Indiana, from the Com- :
,, mittee on Pensions, on the 2d of April: I
it The Committee on Pension?, to whom was referred
'' the petition ot Martha Steven?, widow of the late
!, John F. Stevens, of Greensbuig, Indiana,having had ,
' the same under consideration, beg leave to report: j
1 That John F. Stevens, late of G-reensburg, Indiana. |
(the husband of the petitioner,) was in the month of ;
; June, 1883, in the. employ of the Government as dep-
! uty provost marshal of Decatut county, in the fourth
congressional distiiet of said State; that he, as said ,
! deputy provost marshal, was ordered to proceed to j
,, Rush county, in said district, m command of a small j
■ detachment oftroops to enforce the enrollment in said !
county, where there had been threatened resistance ;
to its execution. On the 10th day of June, lSo.l, he j
proceeded to the execution of his orders, and while j
in the peiformanee of his duties was fired upon by par- j
] tie* concealed m a wheat-field and instantly killed.
Under the above circumstances the committee be- ,
heve that the petitioner should be placed on the roU -
of pensioners, and therefore report a bill for her relief, j
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The reason of this j
special legislation is that provost marshals j
were not embraced in any of our pension laws, j
It was an office unknown at the time they were ,
enacted. This man was killed in the discharge 1
j: of his duties, and one of his murderers died in I
o iail. The proof of all the circumstances is |
j Mr." HENDFiICKS. I feel a symyathy for j
j| this ca.ic, and shall vote for this bill, but I am j
|| not satisfied with the statement made by my |
colleague. I was attorney for the parties who
were arrested on the charge of this murder,
and I think I am justified in saying that my
colleague is mistaken in saying that they were
the murderers. Who the murderers were is a
thing entirely unkno-wn in that community, and
if the case had come to trial I expected most
confidently the acquittal of the parties who
were accused.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Of course I receive
that explanation; the Senator lives in the im-
mediate neighborhood; but there is no doubt
about the facts in the case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There isno doubt about
the fact that Mr. Stevens, while in the discharge
of his duty as provost marshal in that district,
was shot, without any justification whatever.
He was a kind man, and I never heard that he
abused the powers of his office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatis the rate of the
pension to be given his widow?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. His rank in the
Army Register is that of captain, and we pro-
pose to give the widow the pension of a cap-
tain.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MRS. A3IAIULLA COOK.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 238) granting a pension to Mrs.
Amarilla Cook, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The name of Mrs. Amarilla Cook, widow of
John B. Cook, late deputy provost marshal of
the sixteenth congressional district of the State
of Ohio, is by this bill to be placed on the
pension-roil, at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, to commence from the jth day of March,
lbG'i. and to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. J OHNSON. What is that for?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The circumstances
in this case are very similar to the circum-
stances in the case just passed. Mr. Couk was
a provost marshal, and was assassinated at his
own door, and two of his murderers have since
been hanged for his murder. The proof is all
clear, and the committee thought that his widow
was entitled to a pension. The pension is the
pension of a captain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
it read.
The Secretary then read the following report,
made by Mr. Laxe, of Indiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 2d of April:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of citizens of Cam bridge, Guernsey county,
Ohio, prajine that a pension be gianted to Mrs. Ama-
rilla Cook, having had the same under consideration,
bepc leave to report-
That Mrs. Amarilla Cook is the widow of John B.
Cook, who was a deputy provost marshal of the six-
teenth congressional distiiet of the Statei of Ohio,
and who was murdered at Cambridge, Ohio, on the
5th day of March. 1805, by Hiram Oiiver and John
W. Hartup. two deserters from tlie military service
of the United States, whom he had attempted to
arrest, and who went to his house and shot him down
almost in the presence ot his family, for which crime,
they were convicted and executed at Camp Chase on
the 5th day of September, 1S65.
The committee, behoving that no more meritorious
case has come belore them, therefore report a bill for
hei relief.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He was not in the exe-
cution of his duty at thetime he was murdered.
The report states that these parties went to his
house and shot him.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The report states,
if the Senator noticed it. that he had under-
taken to arrest two deserters but had not suc-
ceeded in making the arrest, and they subse-
quently proceeded to his house and shot hint
down, shortly after dark. The fact, of his being
in the discharge of his duty was surely the cause
of his death, for he hadgone there for the pur-
pose of arresting them. W e thought that he
was clearly in the lino of his duty, and that his
widow ought to receive a pension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really think it is car-
rying the matter to a ver3' considerable extent
to grant pensions in any of these cases. 1 ro-
