872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bonds. The merest-tyro in finance understands
tliese facts, and the Secretary, Mot being igno'
rant of them, cannot disregard them.
It is true that some hostility to a return to
specie payments is manifested in certain quar-
ters. It is to be expected. Any system pro-
posed by the Secretary of the Treasury, or any
bill proposed by Congress not exhibiting facil-
ities by which the money-changers may con-
tinue their rapid gains, will meet with noisy
clamor on- the pretense of injury to the general
interests of trade and commerce, and will be
dexterously thwarted, unless we place the Sec-
retary where, to use those terms which mili-
tary operations have made familiar, he will be
"master of the situation." But how master?
Only as a minister to do good, not evil; to do
what all desire to have done ; .that is to say, to
fund all of our matured indebtedness and debts
soon to mature at lower rates of interest than
what we are now paying, and with longer pe-
riods of time for payment. I am not, I confess,
one of those always disposed
"Out offfood still to find means of,evil."
If we give the Secretary the law, and with it
our confidence, it may be of more worth to us
than to him. Of course, I speak in the finan-
cial sense.
If Congress shall practice due economy in
its appropriations, as I am persuaded it must
and will, and it should be found possible to re-
duce the military service within anything like
our ancient limits, we may hope that the public
debt has reached its maximum, and that here-
after we shall pay as toe go. It is a gratify-
ing fact to know that on February 1, 1800, de-
ducting moneys in the Treasury, the debt was
$23,957,628 less than it was October 31, 1805.
By the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
at the commencement of the session, it appears
that a deficiency to be provided for by loans
was anticipated of $112,104,497, as well as a
further sum of $,'>2,530,901 of Treasury notes,
which became due and were paid in December
last. In other words, it was expected that, in
addition to all other resources, §144,731,848
would have to be supplied by a new loan. But
at the present time the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hoping to be able to get along without
any now loan for the present year; and if it
should appear otherwise hereafter—as I think
it may to the extent of fifty to seventy-five mil-
lions—there will bo time before the close of
the present session to act on the subject. The
Secretary estimated the receipts of the Treas-
ury from all sources for the three quarters of
the year, from and after September 30, 1865, at
$.'W.'y)()U,000; but in four months they have
reached nearly two thirds of that, wnonnt, or
$182,526,WO 70, as will appear by the state-
ment, of the Treasurer, General Spinner, which
I will publish with my remarks:
AmMtimalnl wripi, into the Treamrv o/ IFnitrd
st„ir  frm,i October 1,1885, to Ftlmiary 1, 1808, ex-
cimititi loam.
Internal revenue..   8106.420,200 98
bcau-iiuniuu duty, bunk tax, act Juno
„    2.000,-109 rt
Umoms nna custom-houso iocs  53,690,Ml 41
War and Navy, sulcs and repayments.. 7,090,443 00
Potfiit fcua  7USSSJ
I,and Mies  01,281 fill
JMi«.eoll;uieoufi, repayments, &c  1,(WO,807 0>
Premium on coin mil cotton sales  22,1.2T>,J77 82
Sl«2,r>aUSfi 70
F. E. SPINNKIt,
_ Tf>atturcr United Slutcs.
TREASURER'S OFFICE, A.shincton, £djrtiury 5,1866,
In the first six days of the present month
$10,000,000 have been paid to the Army, and
the balance in ihe Treasury at that time was
$2,000,000 more than at the close of last
month. The increase of internal revenue above
previous estimates it is now expected will be
about $28,000,000; and the increase from cus-
toms will be largely in excess of anything in
our history. The customs received in gold at
New lork alono since July 1, 1865, under that
so-called "prohibitory" tariff which was to
isolate the commerce of the United States,
to mate the country a second Japan," and I
Februaiy 21,
which our revenue necessities have so often
.compelled us to increase, are as follows,
namely:
July  89,908,190
August  13,190,400
September  13,037,062
October  11,061,409
November  10,138,601
December  8,378,335
January  12,409,865
Total.
..$78,186,862
This will be not far from two thirds of the
amount collected in the whole country. These
statements, I think, will be satisfactory evidence
that our public debt can be carried with ease,
and that if any emergency of sufficient gravity
should arise, foreign or domestic, it could
even be largely increased without peril. In
other words, we are a nation getting out of the
gristle and into the bone of manhood. But a
permanent national debt is not an American
institution, as our history has already twice
proven, and though it may take a number of
years to wholly extinguish the present debt,
the policy of gradual extinction can be and
should be steadily pursued.
Owing to the management and treachery of
those in power—plotting to deprive the Gov-
ernment of all force or vitality in the immi-
nent hour of treason and rebellion—the entire
receipts of the United States Treasury for
the year ending June 30, 1801, wore only
$41,476,299. Union men and Union meas-
ures, however, though facing all sorts of em-
barrassments, changed these sorry figures so
that our receipts for 1803 were §112,687,290,
and more than twice that sum in 18G4, or
$204,026,771, and in 1805 the receipts were
$338,714,005, while the actual and estimated re-
ceipts for the present, year exceed $450,000,000,
nd over $500,000,000 if the receipts in gold
wore to be estimated at their value in paper
currency. A considerable trade with the Brit-
ish Provinces, for more than ten years entirely
untaxed, may soon,_ in consequence of the ter-
mination of the reciprocity treaty, be expected
also to yield a moderate addition to our reve-
nue, and it is difficult to see why the United
States; long after the imperial Government of
Great Britain has abolished laws giving any
preference to colonial produce, should be urged
to admit such produce on any more favorable
terms than those conceded to other nations.
If our entire receipts were to l)e no more upon
an average than they were for 1863, 1804, and
1805, and could bo wholly devoted to the pay-
ment of our national debt, that could all be
paid, as large, as it is, in less than twelve years;
and if the receipts should be equal to the rev-
enues of the present year, and the whole could
be so applied, the entire debt could be paid in
less than six years. We are now dealing with
large sums successfully under many adverse
circumstances, and each coming year will re-
move some of these disadvantages, and thus
lighten our burdens until our complete eman-
cipation from debt takes place.
It is always pleasant to talk of removing taxes
and to vote against their imposition, especially
obnoxious taxes, and there are none that are
not obnoxious to somebody. The war bein"
closed, there are some taxes now, many petty
supports, which our necessities no longer com-
pel us to adhere to, and they will, therefore, be
likely to be abandoned with very great alacrity,
and in their place we may have some compen-
sation by a tax on raw cotton. On these points
1 most cordially concur with the, in the main,
admirable report of Mr. Wells. Yet I may
venture an opinion that Congress will not by
any modification of the revenue laws reduce
the receipts of the Treasury to any large extent
unt.il our debt, is permanently funded, and never
below the point which will cover our ordinary
expenses, the interest on the public debt, and
a respectable and genuine sinking fund of not
far from fifty million dollars to bo applied to
the principal. Small sacrifices now will largely
diminish the magnitude of our future incum-
brances, and what we pay this year will be paid
at seventy-five cents on the dollar. Next year
it may cost the round hundred.
There is nothing in this bill in relation to a
sinking fund, because there can be nothing in
the hocus pocus performance of setting apart
one per cent, of sums borrowed, through such
a compound of trick and science, as to make it
run a race with the ninety-nine per cent., and
in a few years to come out ahead ; yet it is to
be hoped that the law on this subject, which
seems to have been respected by few and obeyed
by nobody, will be superseded, and that cer-
tain specific revenues—possibly that derived
from whisky—will be set apart in some proper
revenue bill and applied annually to the reduc-
tion of the principal of our publie debt. This
would be a sinking fund that all could under-
stand, and about which there can be no fallacy.
On some future occasion, but not now, I may
undertake to show with what comparative ease
the United States can carry its present load of
debt, for J feel assured it can be shown that its
securities are the safest and best in the world.
I earnestly desire that our own people shall hold
them. I hope the time will never come when
foreigners will prize our bonds higher than we
do ourselves. . If, in consequence of our paper
being below the par of gold, there is a profit to
be made of thirty per cent, or any other sum,
with interest upon it for years, in investments
made in our bonds, I desire the whole of that
->rofit—not less than five hundred millions—to
~>e secured by our own people. There is in the
bill, to be sure, authority given to make a for-
eign loan, and such authority has repeatedly
been given, though never used, and even power
to send an agent abroad has been granted here-
tofore. That was done in the act of July 17,
1801. The Secretary of the Treasury was au-
thorized by the act of June 30, 1804, to dispose
of $400,000,000, or part thereof, in Europe,
and, to quote the words of the law, "on such
terms as he may deem most advisable.'' Again,
no longer ago than March 3, 1865, the Secre-
tary oi the Treasnry.was empowered to dispose
of any of the bonds or obligations authorized,
" either in the* United States or elsewhere, and
at such rates and under such conditions as he
may think advisable."
I am persuaded the power to negotiate abroad,
if lodged with the Secretary, will give the Uni-
ted States the advantage of an option in the
disposal of a very large amount of obligations,
and that will create competition where it might
otherwise be strangled. The power is wanted,
not for the purpose of cornering anybody, but
to prevent being cornered ourselves. The testi-
mony of both the predecessors of Mr. McCul-
loch has been that this privilege on our part
■should be retained, although neither ever used
it, and there is not much probability that it will
now bo actually required. If I thought it likely
to be used to any extent, I do not deny that I
should bo one of the last to give it any counte-
nance. Our debt abroad is already quite large
enough. A loan to our own people, payable
principal and interest at home, is very different
Iromone which annually drains the whole coun-
try of gold and silver to be paid out abroad to
aliens and absentees. Interest paid abroad
returns no more forever, but paid out at home
it breeds m and fertilizes every locality where
it is distributed. Besides this, New York is
getting to be, especially with the large transac-
tions oi the Government included, a money
center not much inferior to London itself. To-
day, in New York, money, with United States
bonds as collateral security, can be had at an
interest of four to five per cent. In London
the bank rate is eight per cent., with a prospect
ot going higher. Our better paid labor has
added something to the wages of labor through-
out the civilized world, and our, usually larger
rate of interest has drawn and will draw much
ot the unemployed capital of.the older nations
until something like an equilibrium shall be
established. _ I do not suppose there could be
a loan obtained abroad with the interest at
more than one per cent, less than at home, and
certainly«the "value of our bonds at New York
