1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IB,
vost marshals can hardly be considered in the
military service. They are civil officers to a very
great degree. Here was a man who, being an
officer, and perhaps because lie was an officer,
was murdered, but not while lie was attempting
to discharge his duties. Perhaps he was mur-
dered to prevent his attempting it at some future
time. This is establishing something of a pre-
cedent. We have not given pensions, in any
case that I know of, for civil service. I should
like to know exactly how these provost mar-
shals stood. Were they mustered into the ser-
vice as military officers?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Provost marshals,
under the conscription act, were mustered into
the military service of the United States, with
the rank of captain, always wore the uniform,
were always subject to orders, and they were
charged with the execution of this conscription
law. That was a part of their peculiar duties.
It was also made their dutyto arrest all desert-
ers. Mr. Cook had gone from this village of
Cambridge, I think, to arrest two deserters,
but had not succeeded in their arrest. I believe
they resisted the arrest. He had returned to
his house, and shortly afterward they followed
him there and sliot him down at his own door,
and were afterward hanged for the murder. I
do not think any clearer case of merit will ever
bo presented to the Senate. I think his death
was clearly occasioned by the discharge of his
duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not disputing that;
but I will ask the Senator how many of these
cases he has got.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. These are the only
two that I know of in the United States. They
were the only two brought before us, and are
almost identical in character.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You say that this man
was mustered into the military service?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir ; and they
were charged expressly with the execution of
this law. That was their express duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection
to it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I may be incorrect
in the fact that they were actually mustered,
but they were commissioned and ordered to
report to the nearest military commander.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I suppose they
are to be considered as in the discharge of
military duty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Jilts. ALTAZERA L. WILLCOX.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 264)
granting a pension to Mrs. Altazera L. Will-
cox, of Chenango county, in the State of New
York.
The bill provides for placing the name of
Altazera L. Willcox, of Chenango county, in
the State of New York, widow of William
Willcox, late a private in company B, in the
one hundred and fourteenth regiment New
York volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of eight dollars per mouth, to commence
from and after the passage of the act, and to
continue during her widowhood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the report in thai case.
^ The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions in the House
of Representatives, from which it appears that
William Willcox, the late husband of the peti- ■
fioner, enlisted ill the one hundred and four-
teenth regiment New Yorkinfantry volunteers,
and was regularly mustered into the service of
the United States on the 11th of August, 1862,
to serve three years or during the war, in the
town of Norwich, Chenango county, New York.
He served with his regiment until some time in
the spring of 1864, when he was sent to the gen-
eral hospital at the barracks near New Orleans
in consequence of chronic diarrhoea, which dis-
ease was contracted while in the line of duty.
On the 23d of May, 1864, he received a sick
furlough, and embarked the same day on the
Government steamer Pocahontas for his home
in New York. On the night of June 1, 1864, the
steamer Pocahontas collided with the steamer
City of Bath offthe coast of New Jersey, and
sunk, carrying down with her some forty per-
sons, among whom was William Willcox. It
also appears that the petitioner and William
Willcox were married to each other on the
12th of September, 1848. In view ofthese facts
the committee recommend the passge of a bill
granting a pension to the petitioner at the rate
of eight dollars per month to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN HOFFMAN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 265)
granting a pension to John Hoffman. By its
provisions John Hoffman is to be placed on the
pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence from and after the passage
of the act, and to continue during his natural
life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us hear the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions in the House
of Representatives. It appears from the evi-
dence that the petitioner enlisted in the United
States marine service at Philadelphia on the
16th day of August, 1827, and was placed on
board the United States schooner Grampus,
which vessel sailed soon after for the Gulf of
Mexico. While serving on the Grampus at
Pensacola the petitioner appears to have been
taken to the hospital on two occasions for dis-
ease contracted in the line of his duty, and was
finally discharged at New York on the 6th day
of May, 1830, upon the recommendation of his
commanding officer. It is alleged, and well
established by the testimony of respectable per-
sons who have known him for a longtime, that
he never recovered from the disease contracted
on ship-board. The petitioner is aged and in
very destitute circumstances. The committee
therefore report a bill for his relief and recom-
mend its passage.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you not propose to pay
him this pension out of the naval pension fund?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No, sir; the bill
merely directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place his name on the pension-rolls, and he is
to be paid out of the general fund.
Mr. GRIMES. We are very much obliged
to the Senator. There is about eleven or twelve
million dollars in the naval pension fund, and
it could well afford to pay this pension.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no doubt
about that, but the difficulty we had on the
subject was that he is not now in the naval
service.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought he was on board
the Grampus?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He had been dis-
charged for a great many years from the Navy,
and was not in the Navy when he made his
application, and I supposed we ought to put it
on the general fund. I have no objection to
letting it be paid out of the naval fund if the
Senator will move that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. How long ago did he con-_
tract this disease ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Some thirty years
ago.
Mr. GRIMES. What was the disease?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The report will
show.
Mr. GRIMES. It does not state what it
was. I ask for the reading of that portion of
the report again.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" While serving on the Grampus at Pensacola, the
petitioner appears to have been admitted to the hos-
pital on two occasions of diseases contracted while in
the lineof his duty."
Mr. JOHNSON. That does not state what
the disease was.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The papers in the
case state it.' It was not a very genteel dis-
ease, but a very disagreeable one. We did not
think it necessary to specify it in the report.
Mr. GRIMES. Was it contracted in the
line of his duty?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir; when
changing the cables.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really think this bill
ought not to pass. It is a very old affair.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There seems to
be some difficulty about the bill, and I move
that it be laid aside for the present until I get
one of the New York Senators to look into it,
and shall call it up some other time.
The PRESIDENTprotercpore. Itis moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
AGNES W. LAUGHLIN.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 241.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 241) directing the enrollment of Agnes W.
Laughlin, the widow of a deceased soldier, as
a pensioner, was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Commissioner of Pensions
to enroll Agnes W. Laughlin, widow of William
Laughlin, deceased, late a private in company
C, third Indiana cavalry, as entitled to a pen-
sion from the 1st of January, 1865.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Let the Secretary
read the report.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Davis, from the Committee on Pensions, by
which it appears that William Laughlin was a
private in company C of the third Indiana cav-
alry ; in December, 1864, he was in actual ser-
vice and sick in hospital at New Orleans, and
was ordered to be transferred to a hospital in
Indiana. A short furlough wSs granted him,
and he went on board the United States vessel
North America, to proceed to New York city.
There were about seven hundred soldiers on
board of this steamer for this trip ; but before
she reached her destined port she sunk, and
most of the soldiers, including Laughlin, per-
ished. His widow, under these circumstances,
applies for a pension, and the committee think
the case meritorious.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not the Secretary of the
Interior the officer whom we direct to pay
pensions?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I see that the bill is directed
to the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the bill by substituting "the Secretary of the
Interior" instead of "the Commissioner of
Pensions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I observe that by
an oversight the bill contains no limitation as
to the duration of the pension. I move to
amend the bill by adding the words "to con-
tinue during her widowhood."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred m.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time
and passed.
ISABELLA FOGG.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move nowto take
up for consideration the bill (II. R. No. 266)
granting a pension to Isabella Fogg, of the
State of Maine.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Isabella Fogg on
the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence from and after the
passage of the act and to continue for her
natural life, she having been totally disabled
while acting as nurse on b&ard the United
States hospital boat near Louisville, in the
State of Kentucky.
