1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' G10B1,
will regulate their price abroad. If London
affects New York, so does New York affect
London. If the fog prevails in one city, they
light up the gas in the other. The loss of time
in the transmission and receipt of funds, and
the expense, exchange, and insurance, would
leave very little to be gained in the terms of a
foreign loan.
Beyond all this, however, unusual facilities
ought not, in my opinion, to be furnished for
the introduction of foreign luxuries, or, in other
words, for the introduction of merchandise not
indispensable to our daily use, and for which,
beyond the ordinary mercantile profit, the
United States are to pay an additional profit
of twenty-five to forty per cent, in gold in five
to twenty years hence. This expansion of the
credit system is attended with danger. At
New York alone the gold value of the im-
ports from July 1 to December 1, 1865, was
$77,935,922 more than for the same time last
year, while the currency value of the exports
was less by $18,846,403. It cannot be doubted
that we are liquidating these heavy balances
with United States gold-bearing bonds and the
proceeds of recent heavy shipments of cotton.
I have confidence that the Secretary of the
Treasury, if our bonds must go abroad, will let
those who want them purchase them in Amer-
ican markets. No aid was proffered to us by
foreign nations when such aid might have been
valuable, and having escaped the mortification
of seeking assistance outside of our own bound-
aries during the war, our self-respect will be
best maintained by continued self-reliance, and
without attempting to make an American eagle
more attractive by dressing it in foreign, bor-
rowed feathers.
Should a large amount of our bonds be placed
abroad at the present low prices, whenever
they advance to the par value of gold, as they
inevitably must advance, then foreigners, like
other speculators, may desire to realize their
profits, and the bonds will be sent home to be
resold. Certainly we should be exposed to the
vicissitudes of foreign money markets as well
as our own ; and a panic at home or abroad
would equally betide disaster. Thus doubly
exposed as we should be, the resumption of
specie payments would be procrastinated and
made more hazardous.
Let us look at our present condition, stripped
of all disguise. A debt of unwieldy proportions
falls due at an early day. There will soon be a
pressure for time. If fifty millions should be
funded every month from this time forward for
two years, the process would not even then be
completed. Does any one desire it to be done
with less rapidity? Shall we make no provision
for these known exigencies until we are on the
very brink of the precipice? And when the com-
pound-interestnotes and seven-thirties fall due,
what do those who object to this bill propose?
Have they any other resource than the hj dro-
static printing presses of the Treasury and a
modest billion of fresh legal tenders? "Take
any other shape but that!" The aggravation
of prices in consequence of the large excess
of paper currency is even now oppressive; as
keenly felt by all classes, perhaps, as are even
our taxes. In addition to all the evils of infla-
tion, we all know that on an exclusively paper
currency financial winds blow with resistless
f'ur\r. and commercial men have more to fear
from these tempests coming with every chang-
ing moon than from any stringency which the
Secretary of the Treasury might incidentally
create on the golden road to specie payments.
The people are not unprepared to subscribe
for large amounts of the yet unfunded debt of
their Government. They have not set sail upon
new enterprises, and the amount in the banks
to the credit of depositors is unprecedentedly
large. Formerly the accumulation of a few
millions of gold in the sub-Treasury at New
York produced a crisis; but now, though over
$50,000,000 are thus hoarded, almost enough
to pay the interest due in gold a year in ad-
vance. it creates no alarm. These facts show
that the people, now holding all of the tempo-
rary securities of the United States, are in such
a condition that they can convert them with
very little inconvenience into a permanent
loan. That is all we require. The time is-op-
portune for the work of the Treasury Depart-
ment. Let us not compel it to remain idle.
'' Masterly inactivity'' will be found to be, as it
ever has been, a poor method by which to pay
debts.
The present bill, like the first bill introduced,
represents the ideas of the Secretary of the
Treasury, though modified by lapse of time,
and, after mature consideration, has reeeived
the sanction of the Committee of Ways and
Means. In presenting it we have performed a
simple duty, and it now remains for the House
to take such action as, under all the circum-
stances, may appear to be wise. Whether we
have sunshine or storm, can it be amiss to place
our debts in a position that will relieve us from
present as well as future embarrassment?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the act
which this bill proposes to amend it allows the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue any amount
of six per cent, bonds to exchang« for a like
amount of interest-bearing obligations of the
Government. This bill allows him to issue six
per cent, bonds to absorb those obligations of
the Government which bear no interest. Am
I right ? The gentleman says I am right. Then
I would like to know how much of this kind of
obligations it puts at the absolute control of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman has only to
look at the report; it will be easily computed.
Mr. STEVENS. I have looked at it but I do
not know the amount.
Mr. MORRILL. It amounts to the entire
sum of the legal tender now out and of the
fractional currency.
Mr. STEVENS. And of the seven-thirties?
Mr. MO RRILL. Those are interest-bearing.
Mr. STEVENS. Wehavehere$l,644,000,-
000 placed at the absolute uncontrolled discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL. I stated in my speech that
notwithstanding all of our efforts for the past four
years we had not succeeded in funding one half
of our debt, but that more than $1,600,000,000
remained for us to fund at the present time.
Mr. STEVENS. Solsupposed, andyetthe
whole debt seems to be put down at $2,800,-
000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. Does not the gentleman
understand that $1,200,000,000 is less than
one half of $2,800,000,000? If so, then
$1,600,000,000 makes up the $2,800,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that that
much bears no interest?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman understands
that less than $1,200,000,000 has been funded.
Mr. STEVENS. That is what I wanted to
know. If my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] will allow me, before he proceeds, to
move one or two amendments I will be obliged
to him. I thought perhaps he would like to
notice them.
Mr. HOOPER. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out, from
the word "Treasury" in line six, to the word
"to" in line ten.
Also, to strike out from lines eleven and
twelve the words "either in the United States
or elsewhere."
Also, to insert after the word "Congress"
inline seventeen the word "and," and to strike
out the word "to" and insert "shall."
Also, to add after the word "obligations"
in line eighteen the words "bearinginterest."
And lastly, to strike out the two provisos at
the end.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to the gentleman
| making more than one or .two amendments as
i he proposed.
The SPEAKER. He can offer his amend-
ment as a substitute.
Mr. STEVENS. I will offer an amendment
as a substitute for the whole bill, to strike out
all after the enactitig claxise and insert tfe fol-
lowing*:
That the act entitled "An acst toprovide waysand
Leans to SttBnnrHhA ftniTftMimant.fVFs.w.h
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of any de-
scription of bonds authorized by said ac t to such an
amount, msuch manner, and at svieb rAtes. not less*
4 think advisable, forliiwi'ut money
of the United Stated, or for any Treasury notes, cer-
tificates of indebtedness, or certificates of deposi t, or
other representatives of. value, which have been or
which may baissued under any act of Congress, and
the proceeds' thereof shall he used only 'for retiring'
Treasury notes or other obligations-bearing interest
issued xrodcrany act of Congress! but, iiothin.elierem
contained shall be construed to authorize any increase
of the public debt.
I wish to have this printed, in order that if
the matter shall go over we may have it .before
us .in a proper form.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the substitute be ordered' to "be printed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
INTEK-CONTINENTAi TELEGRAPH.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the ■unanimous'consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the joint resolution of the House No. 75, to
encourage and facilitate telegraphic communi-
cation between the western and eastern conti-
nents, which has been returned from the Seriate
with amendments. I ask that the amendments
be concurred in.
No objection was made; and the joint reso-
lution was accordingly taken up, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in, as fal-
lows:
First amendment:
Page 1, line seventeen,-strike out the word " Va-
riay" and insert" Vitriu;,-" in lieu thereof.
Second amendment:
Paee 2, lines fifteen and sixteen, strike out the
words "in transporting materials connected there-
with."
Third amendment:
At the end of the resolution add as follows: " so far
as the same can be afforded without dismantling her,
or destroying or injuring her efficiency as a yesael-of-
war."
Mr. BANKS moved to reeonsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on-the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOAN BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts^ Mr.
Speaker, the great importance of the bill now
before the House, and the interest excited in
regard to it, arises from the fact that it is the
first measure in reference to the finances and
money of the nation which has been presented
to Congress since the change of circumstances
following relief from the war under which the
country has labored for the last four years. The
action of Congress upon this bill will probably
be considered as an indication of their opinion
in regard to the policy to be pursued. The sub-
ject is of vital consequence to the interests of
every one. I propose, in the remarks I shall
make on this bill, to review the action of the
Government during the past four years in ref-
erence to this siibject, and to make some sug-
gestions in regard to the action which seems to
me to be required in the present condition of
our finances.
Success in the great conflict in which our
country was suddenly involved by the rebellion
—the preservation of the Union, the mainten-
ance of the Government and the authority of
the laws being the issue at stake—required an
expenditure far exceeding in magnitude any
which has been known in the history of our
own or of any other nation in an equal length
of time. It was unexpectedly necessary to pro-
vide for the raising, equipment, pay, and sus-
tenance of a gigantic army and of a power-
ful navy. The formation of such an army
and navy, in view of the scanty organization
then existing, was little less than their creation.
Their materials of war and of subsistence were
required to be on a scale wholly unexampled.
Other nations may have done as much, perhaps,
through a long and varied experience and in
