■3854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Chair. It was to prevent members of this
House being called to account for words used,
after otlier business had transpired, and when
the memories of persons hearing them might
not present the language exactly as it was
used. It was to get rid of "impressions."
Injustice might otherwise arise, for if members
could be ques&smed the next day, they might
be questioned the next week; if they could be
questioned the next week they could be ques-
tioned the next month, and if they could be
-questioned the next month they could be ques-
tioned at the next session of the same Congress.
To prevent that and to avoid its attendant dan-
ger this rule was adopted. And under it the
exception is not perfect unless the words are
repeated and taken down at the Clerk's desk.
Now, I ask the House to consider, before
they vote to adopt the second resolution re-
ported by the committee, whether it is not an
infringement of the privileges belonging to my
colleague as a member of this House, and
which must be protected in his person, in or-
der that they may be secured for the enjoyment
of every other member of this body. Sir, I
now submit this case, so far as I am concerned,
to this House ; and in conclusion I ask mem-
bers not to lightly regard the solemnity and
gravity of the question involved.
Mr. RAYMOND resumed the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond,] I
would like to inquire of the chairman of the
select committee [Mr. Spalding] when I can
be allowed to have an opportunity to offer an
amendment. I cannot do so now, for I un-
derstand that there are two amendments now
pending.
Mr. SPALDING-. I propose to call the
previous question as soon as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] concludes his
remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] will simply call the pre-
vious question upon the amendments.
Mr. SPALDING. That is what I intend to
do. I propose to call the previous question on
the amendment to the amendment, but after
that to allow all the opportunity for debate the
House may desire.
Mr. RAYMOND. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] would prefer it I
will yield the floor now for the previous ques-
tion on the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Hale,] and make my remarks afterwards.
Mr. STEVENS. That would suit me.
Mr. SPALDING. Then 1 call the previous
question on the amendment to the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon the
amendment of Mr. Hale to the amendment
of Mr. Raymond.
The amendment of Mr. Hale was as fol-
lows :
ltcsolvcd. That this House, while expressing its un-
qualified condemnation and reprobation of the prac-
tice of personal reflection and remarks upon the
floor oi the House, reflecting upon the character of
members m the House, and acts of violence toward
members upon any provocation of words, however
severe and unmerited; and while cxprcsslv asserting
its power and authority to protcet the privileges of
its members, both as respects person and eharactcr,
yet, under all the circumstances of the case, deem it
inexpedient to take any turthcr action in the matter
oi privilege now pendino; so far as affecting Hon.
Lovell II. Rousseau and Hon. Josiah B. Grinxell.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 27, noes 60.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GRJDER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Ihe question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Raymond to the report of the commit-
tee, to substitute for the first resolution re-
ported by the committee the following:
Resolved, That Hon. Loyell II. Rousseau be sum-
moned to the bar ofthe House, and bo there publicly
reprimanded by the. Sneaker for the violation of the
riglits and privileges of the House, of which lie was
guilty m the personal nssaultcoinmitted by himupon
Hon J. B. Grinnhll for words spoken in debate.
Mr.. STEVENS. I desire to move to amend
by striking ont the first two reported by the
committee and insert in lieu thereof the reso-
lution reported by the minority of the commit-
tee.
The SPEAKER. But one resolution is now
before the House for amendment, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has noti-
fied the House that he shall ask a separate
vote on the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] can do as my
colleague [Mr. Hale] did — move a substi-
tute for my amendment to the resolution now
pending, giving notice that if his substitute
is adopted he will move to lay the second
resolution on the table when it comes up.
The SPEAKER. That is the question now
before the House. The second resolution,
when it comes up, can be agreed to or laid on
the table.
Mr. STEVENS. My desire is to get some
amendment which will embrace the first two
resolutions reported by the select committee.
Mr. ALL (SON. You can move to amend
the first, and then move to lay the second res-
olution on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I want to purge
the record of the second resolution by a direct
vote. The chairman of the select committee
[Mr. Spalding] must perceive that there might
be a very different vote, if we are compelled to
vote separately upon these resolutions, from
what there would be if I could be allowed to
offer an amendment to embrace the first two
resolutions. If my amendment should be voted
down, then a separate vote can be called upon
the resolutions. That would bo more satisfac-
tory to many gentlemen than to be obliged to
vote first upon the resolutions separately. I
presume all that is wanted is a satisfactory con-
clusion of this whole matter.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to have a dis-
tinct vote taken on the first resolution. But
if it. will subserve the purpose of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for me to withdraw
temporarily the call for a separate vote, I will
do so, in order to accommodate him.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to strike out
the first two resolutions and insert the res-
olution reported by the minority of the com-
mittee. I trust 1 shall have an opportunity,
before the vote is taken, to explain briefly my
reasons for making this motion.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] to
yield to me a moment that I may offer an
amendment Jo his amendment.
• Mr. RAYMOND. I will hear it.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I propose
to offer the following as a substitute for the
resolution reported by the minority of the
committee :
llesolvcd. That in view of all the circumstances
connected with thiscase, and although the provoca-
tion to Hon. Lovell II. ItoussE itr was great, still this
House does not excuse, but disapproves the assault
made by liim on Hon. Mr. Grinnell.
Mr. RAYMOND. I prefer not to yield for
that amendment. I desire that a vote shall be
taken on the distinct proposition made by my
motion. I propose that the remarks which I
have to make shall be confined to that motion,
(which is to substitute the resolution reported
by the minority for the first resolution reported
by the majority,) and also the motion now
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
desire, however, to state that, as several gen-
tlemen desire to introduce other business, and
as the hour is somewhat late, I will, if it meets
the convenience of the House, yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper,]
that he may move to postpone this subject.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. As the
usual hour of adjournment is now reached, I
move that this subject be postponed until to-
morrow after the morning hour.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
—ayes 40, noes 55.
enrolled bitls signed.
TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill (S. No. 222) entitled "An act further to
prevent smuggling, and for other purposes
when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. GOBB, from the same committee, re-
ported that the committee had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 145) enti-
tled "An act for a grant of lands to the St^te
of Kansas to aid in the construction of the
Northern Kansas railroad and telegraph;"
when the Speaker signed the same.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. RAYMOND. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] who desires
to move an adjournment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
adjourn.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
54, noes 49.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper
of Massachusetts, and Wentworth, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes.52, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to; and there-
upon (at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. 1'INCK: The petition of 0. A. Olds, and
.others, citizens of Pickaway county, Ohio, pray?ng
for the passage of a law of Congress for the regula-
tion of inter-State insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A petition
from citizens of Greene county, Pennsylvania, for an
increase of duties on foreign wool and protection to
American interests gen orally.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The memorial of A. Gieson, and
five others, of New York, officers lately of United
States volunteers, who were promoted from the ranks
after the 3d of March, 1865, praying that the law may
be so amended as to extend to them the benefit of tlio
three months' extra pay.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 17,1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. n. Gkay.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of yesterday's Jour-
nal was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON. I desire very much to get up
this morning House bill No. 3, to revive the
grade of General in the United States Army.
It has been postponed day after day for a long
time.
Mr. GRIMES. We have already passed it
in the Army organization bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope we shall be allowed
to get through with the morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive petitions.
_ Mr. MORRILL presented two petitions of
citizens of Maine praying that aid may be
granted to the European and North American
railway ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move that the papers
in the matter of the claim of George C. M.
Robberts be withdrawn from the files of the
last Congress and be referred, together with
certain other papers which I now present, to
the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr, RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 236) to authorize the
construction of certain bridges, and to estab-
lish them as post roads, recommended a con-
currence in the House amendments, with an
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
416) extending time to the Alabama and Florida
Railroad^Company for the payment of duties on
railroad iron, asked to be discharged from ita'
further consideration.
