1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
ANNIVERSARY OF THE ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. MORRILL. I now present to the Sen-
ate the communication which I have just read,
and I move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT SUFFRAGE.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I ask the
consent of the Senate, and the indulgence of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to elieitan answer to
the following question: when is it his inten-
tion to press upon the attention of the Senate
the bill conferring the right to vote upon the
colored men in the District of Columbia? I
believe, sir, that in this question there is a
solution of the problem of reconstruction, if
favorably considered by the Senate. I am in
favor of voting, with no restrictions or reser-
vations except the qualification of honest man-
hood. Educational qualifications may draw to
the support of the question the weak and the
dmid. I am not, I hope, of that class.
While 1 am absorbed with the conviction
that the bonded-warehouse system is detrimen-
tal to the interests of the country, and while I
know that the delay in relieving the industry
of the country from the burden of taxation
now embarrasses every trade and our many
agricultural and manufacturing interests, 1 yet
am profoundly convinced that this subject is
paramount in importance to all others. I
therefore hope th; t the Senator from Maine
will without delay ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to the House bill granting suffrage to the
colored men of the District of Columbia. I
shall be glad if he can at this time designate a
day when he will move the Senate to the con-
sideration of this important national question,
and that he and the Senate will support the
Ilouse bill granting the right of suffrage to the
colored citizens of the District without reserva-
tion or restriction of any kind.
When that question is brought before the
Senate I shall take an opportunity to show that
upon tiie granting of the privilege of voting to
the colored citizens in the southern States
depends the maintenance of the Union, the
power of the country, and the permanence of
a republican form of government.
Mr. MORRILL, it will be remembered,
perhaps, that the Committee on the District of
Columbia reported the bill to which allusion is
made some weeks ago, and at that time an at-
tempt was made to bring the measure before the
Senate, but there were several other measures
considered of such importance as to justify, in
the judgment of the Senate, their consideration
at that time, which necessarily excluded the
consideration of this bill. It has been my pur-
pose from that time to the present to embrace
the first opportunity to present the subject anew
to the Senate, and I will say to my honorable
friend from Rhode Island that at an early day
I shall endeavor to call up the measure and
press it on the consideration of the Senate.
VIRGINIA K. V. .MOORE.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now to take
up for consideration the bill (II. R. No. 2(37)
granting a pension to Virginia K. V. Moore.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered us in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Virginia K. V. Moore,
daughter of Richard D. Moore, deceased, late
of company K, seventy-second regiment Illinois
volunteers, on the list of invalid pensioners, and
pay to her, or her legally appointed guardian,
the sum of eight dollars per month from De-
cember :j, 18(53, the date of the death of Rich-
ard D. Moore, until she shall have attained
the age of sixteen years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what the precedent is for that.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Let the report be
read.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions of the House
of Representatives, by which it appeared that
Richard D. Moore entered the service of thS
United States in 1862, and that he was dis-
charged on the 18th of August, 1863, on the
certificate of an Army surgeon, for disability.
The certificate sets forth that Moore had disease
of the lungs, and that, in the surgeon's opinion,
he had that disease at the time he entered
the service. Private Moore died at the Sisters
of Mercy hospital in Chicago, December 3,
1868, leaving no wife, but one minor child.
Virginia K. V. Moore, aged about seven years
and five months. By the certificate of Lieu-
tenant Allison, commanding the company of
the deceased, it is shown that at the time of
entering the service ho was in good health,
but on or about the 30th of July, 1862, he was
taken siek, while in the line of his duty, with
chronic diarrhoea, and placed in hospital, and
he was discharged in 1803 on account of that
sickness for which he went to the hospital in
Chicago. By the affidavit of the attending
physician of that hospital, it appears that he
died of chronic diarrhoea contracted while in
the service of the United States, and that he
had no other disease at the time of his death.
The committee being of the opinion that he
died from sickness contracted while in the line
of his duty, recommend the passage of the bill
granting a pension to his daughter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any precedent
for such an allowance?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will explain the case
in a moment. It comes to Congress on ac-
count of what is undoubtedly a false or mis-
taken report made by a medical officer of the
Army. My own impression, after a very atten-
tive examination of all the evidence in the case,
is that it was a mistake on the part of that sur-
geon, who is since dead, calling this man's dis-
ease consumption, or phthisis pulmonaris, as
he expressed it, and he said the man was so
disabled when he came into the Army. There
is a mass of evidence to the contrary. His
commanding officer certifies that he was a well
man ; his neighbors certify that he was a well
man. There is a letter written by him while
on the march to Vicksburg, which succeeded in
the taking of that place, enumerating the hard-
ships which the Army encountered in getting
there; and there were some most cruel hard-
ships to which they were subjected. In that
letter he says that when he joined the Army
his weight was one hundred and sixty-eight
pounds, which is a heavyweight, I should sup-
pose, for a man afflicted with consumption,
and that it had by that time been reduced to one
hundred and forty-seven pounds. He acquitted
himself most nobly at the siege of Vicksburg,
as the testimony of his commanding officer
shows; but at that time he was attacked with a
disease that is mentioned in the papers. He con-
tinued there for some time, still suffering from
that disease, and was then removed to the
Mercy hospital, at Chicago, where he remained
until he died. There are among the papers
letters from himself, written from that point,
in which, although he does not speak directly
of his disease, he describes it, so that evidently
it was not consumption, but the disease men-
tioned in the report. The surgeon attending
the patients in the hospital of the Sisters of
Mercy makes a very distinct affidavit that the
man suffered while there, and died, finally, of
that disease—chronic diarrhoea.
It seems, from all this testimony, that the
xlrmy surgeon, as I have already stated, must
have been mistaken. Perhaps it resulted from
some confusion about the man. It is that point
alone which prevented the Commissioner of
Pensions from granting the pension in this
case ; and I believe there is in the papers a let-
ter from the Commissioner of Pensions recom-
mending the case to the consideration of Con-
gress. They are very strict and very technical
at the Pension Office, and we have had before
our committee numerous cases where pensions
have been refused merely upon a technicality.
This is one such, or you may call it a case of
conflict of evidence, if you please ; but I think
that in the absence of a certificate from the
surgeon of the corps to which he belonged the
testimony of his commanding officer ought to
be taken. He has not only that, but he has
the confirmation of the other surgeon of whom
I have spoken, and the testimony of his neigh-
bors and friends; and lastly, there is a letter
from a gentleman who conversed with the Sis-
ters of Mercy, in charge of the hospital, who
told him that that, was the disease with which
he was afflicted and of which he died.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My question did not go
to the matter of the disease. I asked whether
there were precedents for granting pensions to
children.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Under the pension
law, pensions arc continued to minor children
under sixteen years of age.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that the general
law?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Where there is no
widow.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is no widow
here ; the proof shows that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are they granted to
the children of all who are killed or die of dis-
ease contracted in the service?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir; where
there is no widow, to minor children up to six-
teen years of age. Then the pension stops.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The pension is divided
among them. This man was a remarkably
intelligent man ; his letters show it; he was for
a time a war correspondent of the New York
Herald. His wife died before the war, and he
seems from the time of her death to have been
leading a wandering life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LEWIS W. DIETRICH.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I movenowto take
up the bill (H. R. No. 444) granting pension
to Lewis W. Dietrich.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Lewis W. Dietrich, late a
second lieutenant of company E, thirtieth regi-
ment United States colored troops, on the pen-
sion-list, and to pay him a pension at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Let the report in
this case be read; I have forgotten the circum-
stances.
The Secretary read the report made by the
House Committee on Invalid Pensions, by
which it appeared that Lieutenant Dietrich,
while on duty in the field in front of Peters-
burg. and while in the act of cleaning his pistol,
on the 11th of October. 1804, was severely
wounded in the hand by its accidental dis-
charge, and that subsequently, from the nature
of the wound, it became necessary to submit to
an amputation of his hand, and by reason of
disability he was honorably discharged the
service. The committee, believing that the
wound of Lieutenant Dietrich was an incident
of the service in which he was engaged,
regarded him as entitled to a pension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH YORK.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indi ana, the
bill (H. R. No. 443) granting a pension to Mrs.
Elizabeth York, widow of Shubal York, late
surgeon in the fifty-fourth regiment Illinois
infantry volunteers, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill provides for placing the name of
Elizabeth York, widow of Shubal York, late a
surgeon in the fifty-fourth regiment Illinois
volunteer infantry, on the pension-rolls, at the
rate of twenty-five dollars per month, to com-
mence from and after the passage of this act,
and to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions of the House
