1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3855
He also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 134) extending
time to the Alabama and Florida Railroad Com-
pany for the payment of duties on railroad
iron ; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin for the relief of
Alexander F. Pratt, reported a bill (S. No.
435) for the relief of Alexander. F. Pratt, ac-
companied by a report. The bill was read a
first time and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 437) in relation to the
district courts of the United States in the State
of Florida; which was read a first time and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Mrs. Mary E. Bouligny, reported a
a bill (S. No. 488) for the relief of the heirs
of John E. Bouligny; which was read a first
time and passed to a second reading.
INTERNAL TAXATION.
M#. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Van Winkle on
the 14th instant, reported it without amend-
ment, and it was considered and agreed to,
"namely:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tlie
Senate live thousand copies of the internal tax laws
now in force, so that the several provisions in rela-
tion to the same subject shall be inserted in connec-
tion, together with a suitable index, the whole to be
compiled and prepared for printing under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
GRADJi OF GENERAL.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House bill No. 3.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 3) to revive the grade of General in the
United States Army was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Its first section revives
the grade of "General of the Army of the
United States," and authorizes the President,
whenever he shall deem it expedient, to ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a General of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, to be selected from among those
officers in the military service of the United
States most distinguished for courage, skill, and
ability,whobeingcommissioned as General may
be authorized, under the direction and during
the pleasure of the President, to command the
armies of the United States.
The second section provides that the pay
proper of the General shall be $400 per month,
and his allowances in all other respects shall
be the same as were allowed to the Lieutenant
General by the second section of the act ap-
proved February 29, 18G4, entitled "An act
reviving the grade of Lieutenant General in the
United States Army;" and that the General
may select for his chief of staff a brigadier gen-
eral from among the officers of the Army hold-
ing that rank, and may appoint upon his staff
such number of aids, not exceeding six, as he
may judge proper, who shall each have the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of
cavalry.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia proposed to amend the bill by striking
out all of the second section after the enact-
ing clause and inserting the following in lieu
thereof:
That the pay proper of the General shall be $t00
per month, and his allowance for fuel and quarters,
when his headquarters are in Washington, shall bo
at the rate of $300 per month, and his other allow-
ances in all respects the same as are allowed to the
Lieutenant General by the second seetion of the act
approved February 29,1861, entitled "An act reviv-
ing the grade of Lieutenant General in the United
States Army," and the ehiefofstaifto the Lieutenant
General shall be transferred and be the chief of staff
to the General, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a brigadier general in the Army of the United
States; and the act approved March 3,1865, entitled
"An act to provide fora chief of statf to the Lieuten-
ant General commanding the armies of the United
States," i3 hereby repealed; and thoeaid General may
appoint upon his staff such number of aids, not ex-
ceeding six, as he may judge proper, who shall each
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of
cavalry. And it is hereby provided, that in lieu of
the staff now allowed by law to the Lieutenant Gen-
eral, he shall be entitled to two aids and one military
secretary, each to have the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a lieutenant colonel of cavalry.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, the war through
which the country has just passed developed
many great military men whose names are_ as-
sociated with this or that particular campaign,
or this or that particular field of battle. Bat
viewing the war from its commencement to its
close, what man is there whose name, like that
of Grant, is connected with almost every really
effective military movement which marked its
progress? What a record is his. How marvel-
ous are the ways of Providence in the aifairs
of nations and of individuals. What changes,
surpassing the enchantments of romance, may
be seen in four short years. Is it not a matter
of profound wonder that a man of such stofc
simplicity of character and of such surpassing
modesty; that the plain, unassuming, quiet citi-
zen of Illinois, who five years ago sought the
humblest service in the armies of the Union,
should prove to be the only man whose rare
genius and energy rose in proportion to the
colossal demands of the war; who should rise
from the humblest clerkship and step by step
ascend every grade of promotion to the exalted
rank of Lieutenant General? Is it not strange
that such should be the man who has conducted
the most gigantic of all wars to a successful con-
clusion, and whose name, glory-crown,ed with
shining victories, shall fill thousands of history's
brightest pages and live in freedom's anthems
to the end of time?
It would be affectation in me not to acknowl-
edge a personal as well as State pride in aiding
the bill before the Senate with my voice and
my vote. As a Senator from the State where
General Grant resides, which claims not only
an interest in common with other States, but
also a special and particular interest in the
fame of her illustrious son, I feel it my duty
to advocate this measure. Some remarks^from
me also may not be inappropriate on account
of certain personal and official relations in
which I stood to him at the commencement
of the war.
In April, 18G1, I first saw General Grant.
I knew nothing of him. I did not then know
that he had seen service in Mexico; that he
had fought at Palo Alto, Resaca de la Palma,
and at Monterey under General Taylor; or that
he had served under General Scott in his mem-
orable campaign from Vera Cruz to the city
of Mexico; or that he had been made first
lieutenant on the field for gallantry at Molino
del Rey and brevetted a captain for the gal-
lant and skillful manner in which he had
served a mountain howitzer upon the heights
of Chapultepee under the observation of his
regimental, brigade, and division command-
ers, as appears from the official reports of
the battle by General Worth and other officers.
In presenting himself to me he made no refer-
ence to any merits, but simply said he had been
the recipient of a military education at West
Point, and now that the country was assailed
he thought it his duty to offer his services, and
that he would esteem it a privilege to be as-
signed to any position where he could be use-
ful. I cannot now claim to myself the credit
of having discerned in him the promise of great
achievements or the qualities "which minister
to the making of great names" more than in
many others who proposed to enter the mili-
tary service. His appearance at first sight is
not striking. He had no grand airs, no im-
posing appearance, and I confess it could not
be said that his was a form
" Where every god did seem to set his seal
To give the world assurance of a man."
He was plain, very plain; but still, sir, some-
thing. perhaps his plain, straightforward mod-
esty and earnestness, induced me to assign him
a desk in the executive office. In a short time
I found him to be an invaluable assistant in my
office and in that of the adjutant general. He
was soon after assigned to the command of the
six camps of organization and instruction which
I had established in the State.
Early in June, 1861, I telegraphed him at
Covington, Kentucky, (where he had gone on
a brief visit to his father,) tendering him the
colonelcy of the twenty-first regiment of Illi-
nois infantry, which he promptly accepted, and
on the 15th of June he assumed the command.
The regiment had become much demoralized
from lack of discipline and contentions in re-
gard to promotions. On this account Colonel
Grant, being under marching orders, declined
railroad transportation, and for the sake of dis-
cipline marched them on foot toward the scene
of operations in Missouri, and in a short time
he had his regiment under perfect control.
He was assigned to the protection of the
Quiney and Palmyra and the Hannibal and St.
Joseph railroads, and his success in organiz-
ing the troops under his command, and his
vigorous and successful prosecution of the
campaign in north Missouri, soon procured
for him the rank of brigadier general. He
was transferred to Cairo, the most important
strategic point in the Mississippi valley, and,
after organizing his army with marvelous ce-
lerity and infusing into these suddenly raised
troops the proper esprit de corps, he marched
upon Paducah and fought the desperate battle
of Belmont. And here commenced that series
of splendid victories, from Belmont to Look-
out Mountain, which turned the tide of oui
national fortunes, dispelled the gloom and de-
spondency which defeat, poor strategy, irreso-
lution, inaction, and blunders had brought upon
the country, lifted the veil and revealed to the
Republic at last the man so much needed to
lead her armies to complete and final victory.
At Belmont, at Donelson, and at Shiloh, he
broke the shell in which secession sought to
shelter itself and dissipated the dream of fan-
cied southern invincibility. At Vicksburg he
probed its very vitals and destroyed the mon-
ster in the Mississippi valley, never more to
rise. Its importance as an objective point and
as affecting the destinies of the war was fully
seen by the leaders of both the contending pow-
ers. Jeff. Davis aforetime fully realizing the
importance of Vicksburg as a strategic point,
in a speech to the Mississippi Legislature, on
the fith December, 1862, declared—■
"That the fall of Vicksburg would cut off their
communications with the trans-Mississippi depart-
ment, whence they drew vast supplies, and would
permanently sever the eastern and western portions
of the confederacy."
The enthusiastic Sherman with rare foresight,
which has been verified by subsequent events,
declared in a speech at St. Louis, "The pos-
session of Vicksburg is the possession of Amer-
ica." Grant, as evidenced by all his plans and
movements, was of the same opinion. New
Orleans was already ours, and Port Hudson,
as a consequence of our capture of Vicksburg,
soon fell into our hands. From Cairo to New
Orleans the great river had been held by the
enemy, and the black banner of secession had
flaunted defiantly from all its strongholds ; but
now, thanks to General Grant and his invin-
cible armies, every foot on either shore was
wrested from him, and in some fifteen battles,
with no serious reverse to our arms, the shat-
tered and dismayed legions of the enemy were
driven from their supposed impregnable fort-
resses to new and interior positions remote
from the river, and millions of loyal hearts re-
joiced that this great artery of the continent
unvexed by treason's barriers was once more,
and as we hope forever, free. Scarcely less
important were the campaigns of General
Grant, terminating in the brilliant victories of
Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge, and
securing to us the permanent possession of
Chattanooga, which was regarded by military
men of both armies as the next most important
strategic point in the rebel States, ana it was
made the base of that magnificent military
movement which is without a parallel in the
annals of war, when Sherman and his veteran
warriors swept like, an avalanche from Atlanta
to the sea through the very heart and home of
treason.
