THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
These successes of Grant in the West filled
the nation's cup of joy, and President Lincoln
wisely.read the nation's will in committing to
him the command of all our armies, and part
ticularly of the unlucky but heroic army of the
Potomac which, baffled but not beaten, had
stood for long years like a wall of fire against
the assaults of treason. And here, again, vic-
tory followed the invincible Grant, and in a
series of battles more bloody than Waterloo,
more brilliant than Austerlitz, he displayed
the sterling qualities of the great commander.
Those forty days of hand-to-hand fighting in
the battles of the Wilderness, which carried
the. army of the Potomac from the Rapidan to
the .femes, amid the fearful shock of brigades
and divisions and the onset of army against
army along their whole lines, through scenes
of fearful slaughter, while the murky air re-
sounded with the thunders of artillery and
crash of musketry, and the night was forced
to disclose by the lurid light of continued con-
flict horrid sights beyond all power to tell, bring
to the memory the traditions of the fierce wars
of the ancients, remindingusof old Marathon:
"As on that morn to distant glory dear.
Theca<np,thehost, thefight, theconquernr's c
The ilylns Mede, his shaftless, broken bow.
The fiery Greek, his red pursuing spear;
Mountains above, earth's, ocenn's plains below;
Death in the trout, destruction in the rear."
Now is not the time, nor this the place, but
it is for the historian in ample pages to follow
the shining record of Grant, written in the tri-
umphs of Henry, Dotielson, Shiloh, Corinth,
Vicksburg, Chattanooga, the Wilderness, and
the siege of Richmond ; written in tlie blood
and sacrifices of our living and slaughtered
braves, and upon the hearts and memories of
the loyal millions who, amid alternate hope
and fear, have watched our leader as with res-
olute front, step by.step, he has led the nation
through the night of gloom and despondence
to the day of final and glorious deliverance.
General Grant possesses personal courage to
a high degree. Amidst the most horrid car-
nage and the wildest tumult of battle, he was
imperturbably quiet, his mind clear, scanning
critically all movements on the field, and never
giving a thought to danger or to death. At
the same time if he saw a weak point in his
line of battle or a column wavering, where his
personal presence might inspire courage, he
would fly to that point or dash like a McDonald
to the head of that column, plunge into the
thickest of the fight, and hold up the standard
upon the last outpost of danger and death.
No general can command the entire confidence
and bring out the full fighting strength who
himself has not personal courage, and whose
headquarters are not in the field. Men will
fight and brave the highest feats of lofty dar-
ing, scale the heights, or face the most frown-
ing batteries, when they see their beloved com-
manders sharing their fortunes in the dread
hour of conflict. Understanding this, Grant
dashed along the lines at Belmont and had his
horse shot under him while rallying his men,
who wore confounded by the double fury of
their foes, suddenly reenforced by fresh bat-
talions, and a terrible storm of projectiles from
their artillery at Belmont and Columbus.
On the first day at Pittsburg Landing—a
black and terrible day—all day he rode along
his decimated lines' and inspired the weary
troops to stay the stormy tide of disaster which
was beating them back through Shiloh's dark
and bloody woods to the water's edge. I sat on
my horse near him at Port Gibson, upon an emi-
nence where our artillery was posted and where
he was exposed to a most terrible fire of the
enemy's musketry and artillery. While he was
surveying the field and patiently waiting for
the assault of Osterhaus's division as it moved
upon the main force of the enemy, who had
massed themselves in their full strength upon
the Grand Gulf and Port Gibson road, sud-
denly the batteries and musketry of the enemy
opened and poured showers of shot and shell
and hissing minie balls on the point at which
we were posted. I noticed that while a regi-
ment of ours held in reserve at that point,
and which was much exposed, was ordered to
seek shelter in a ravine close by, Grant, seem-
ingly insensible to danger, quietly smoked his
pipe and coolly watched the movements of the
contending forces. Only once he said to me
jocosely, "Governor, it's too late to dodge
after the ball has passed." I watched him
narrowly, and the thought of personal danger
did not seem once to have entered his mind.
As for myself I felt much relieved when after
a short interview with General Rawlins, his
chief of staff, he said, " Governor, we will go
and order Logan up."
Was not his a courageous spirit who, with
fame already secure by the bright record of a
hundred victories, dared to accept the crush-
ing responsibility of commanding the army of
the Potomac, where so many generals had been
sacrificed, and where so many bloody reverses
had almost dispirited the Army and shrouded
the land in mourning? Here he was to confront
the flower of the rebel army, led by their great-
est commander, who, in their estimation, wore
the charm of invincibility. Here he must eon-
tend with a foe which, up to this time, had cour-
ageously maintained his position, elated by the
success of several victories and dashing raids,
and who now to the pride of victory had added
the fierce courage which despair inspires in men
fighting for the last rampart left them by adverse
fate. But with the same unselfish spirit which
had animated his whole life lie did not pause
to count the consequences to himself, but came
at the call of his country. He accepted the
heretofore fatal command, and his watchword
was "On to Richmond!" as before it had been
"On to Vicksburg!" Self-reliant, he formed
his own plans and started out on a route which
had already been condemned by our military
men. His first battle in the Wilderness ap-
palled the woild at the sight of its sanguinary
slaughter. 1 think it almost safe to say that no
general living save Grant himself would, after
such dreadful slaughter and in the face of so
many frowning obstacles, have persevered in
the plan which he had marked out for himself.
But Grant did persevere. From the beginning
his method had been to move on the enemy's
works wherever he could find them, and if he
did not utterly overwhelm and destroy him in
every instance, he yet considered himself suc-
cessful if he maintained his ground and as much
loss was inflicted upon the enemy as he himself
received.
Grant's intuition taught him that it was a
question of endurance, a contest between the
patient, stubborn courage of the North and the
enthusiastic dash of the South, and that vic-
tory would necessarily reward that party which
with greatest loss could yet continue the con-
test. To him it was the two-handed sword of
Cosur de Lion against the flashing cimeter of
the Paladin ; it was the ax of the Norseman
thundering on the light shield of the Saxon or
the Celt. I cannot better illustrate his idea
than by quoting from his official report, in
which, with great clearness, he indicates part
of his plan;
"To hammer continually against the armed force
of the enemy and his resources, until by mere attri-
tion, if in no other way, there should be nothing left
to him but an equal submission with the loyal por-
tion of our common country to the Constitution and
laws."
And so, though the first battle of the Wil-
derness may have been a drawn battle, and
though in the second our loss was counted by
thousands upon thousands of our slaughtered
heroes, though nature seemed in league with
treason against us, and frowning batteries, im-
pregnable fortifications, impenetrable swamps,
and tangled thickets confronted him at every
step of his chosen path, while from the cover
of every shrub, tree, and rock an unseen foe
assailed him with storms of bullets, and hun-
dreds of cannon poured their murderous fire
upon his army, still relying upon himself and
his plans with a confidence that was sublime,
he pressed forward, and Coolly telegraphed to
the Secretary of War, " I propose to light it
out on this line if it takes all summer." Sir,
he did fight it out on that line, for though Lee,
in his blasphemous order of May 14, said, "The
heroic valor of this army, with the blessing of
Almighty God, has thus far checked the prin-
cipal army of the enemy and inflicted upon it
terrible losses," yet, sir, day by day Lee was
driven back toward Richmond, an unwilling
witness to the skill, strategy, and tenacity of
his unconquerable antagonist. His tenacity of
will is wonderful. He is never whipped. If his
losses are greater than the enemy, or if he has
drawn back, still he is not whipped. He will not
admit that there is any obstacle. While the
great Lincoln tvith long strides nervously paced
his executive chamber at midnight and mourned
as unpropitious to the plans of Grant the storm
which beat in mad fury upon the roof and along
the corridors and upon the window-panes of
the White House, yet Grant accepts the sit-
uation, and uses-the storms of heaven as his
appliances, as he did most effectually on the
third day of the battles of the Wilderness. It
never could be said of him, as of the great
Napoleon at Waterloo, that a shower of rain
had lost him a battle.
Mr. President, while General Grant is pos-
sessed of extraordinary courage and tenacity
of purpose, it must not for a moment be sup-
posed that these constitute his chief claim to
greatness. I am here to claim for him%iili-
tary strategy of the highest order; what facts
and results have established and what history
will proudly vindicate—that wonderful power
which so few men have exhibited in the great
contests of nations—the genius which with com-
prehensive glance sweeps over vast fields of
conflict, perceives the grand objective points,
arranges and combines the proper forces, pro-
vides against the contingencies which make up
so much of war, carries out every detail of the
most complicated plan, and with certain pre-
science commands all needful agencies to move
in synchronous march upon the enemy. The
success of his Mississippi campaign is not to
be attributed to courage alone, but to that
grand strategy displayed in a thorough under-
standing of the plans, positions, and move-
ments of the enemy, and in making such a
disposition of his own forces as to employ and
thwart the enemy at every point, and yet to
keep pressing inevitably and irresistibly for-
ward upon his own line toward Vicksburg, the
objective point of all his operations. It Was
not simply to drive the'enemy from Belmont,
Island No. 10, Port Henry, Memphis, and to
fight his way straight down the Mississippi by
storming him in every stronghold—thishe could
do with his invincible legions of the Northwest,
and this he did do in a. series of shining vic-
tories which blaze on the annals of history—
but he had also to take in his plans a vast ter-
ritory of hostile States; the Cumberland, the
Tennessee, and the Arkansas, from their mouths
to their headlands ; and to cut off the enemy in
all lateral directions upon his interior lines,
keep up his own baselines, and leave no enemy
in his rear to overrun Illinois, Missouri, and
southern Kentucky; and he displayed the great-
est military genius by such a disposition of his
forces and such timely movements as not only
to carry victory along the banks of the Missis-
sippi, but to carry it in a broad belt on either
side, until finally he could and did concentrate
all the divisions of his army in the overthrow
of the rebel Gibraltar—Vicksburg.
His decisions were rapid and quick; he laid
the whole field before him clear as a map, and
turned the severest reverses and most formi-
dable obstacles to advantage by instant and
rapid combinations. It was my good fortune
to witness his operations before the capture of
Vicksburg. Having succeedcd with great labor
and difficulty in transporting his troops through
intricate bayous and swampy roa Is to a point
below Vicksburg, he conceived the bold strat-
egy of supplying them with stores and heavy
ordnance and with transportation of the troops
by running his gunboats and transports by the
batteries at night. The precipitous cliffs for
miles above and below the city were lined
with tiers of heavy artillery and rifle pits
swarming with infantry down the water's edge.
