976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
to others, and particularly at this time, when it
is so desirable to diminish rather than to increase
the amount of taxation.
To withdraw oniy the interest-bearing legal-
tender notes may appear to be insufficient for
the purpose of contracting the currency; but,
knowing, as I do, the use made by the~ banks
of this "class of notes, my belief is that it will
prove more restrictive than is generally sup-
posed ; and particularly so if the amendment
of the banking law, which has been referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency by a
resolution of the House, should be adopted to
prevent those notes being included as lawful
money in the reserves which the national banks
are obliged to hold for the redemption of their
liabilities. The law which authorized their
issne provides that any Treasury note bearing
interest shall not be a legal tender in payment
or redemption of any notes issued by any banks.
They are a sort of hybrid, part loan and part
money, and are not now used as money to fiiiy
extent, except by banks that count, tliem in
either of their anomalous characters, and use
them as a basis for extending their own issues.
The foreign exchanges are now in favor of
this country, as shown by the fact that while
the actual par of exchange on London is about
nine per cent., the price-currents quote it as
selling in New York at seven per cent, for
bankers' bills, and as low as four per cent,
for other bills. If the present premium on gold
could be relied upon, or if the dollar of currency
represented a dollar of gold, it would be profit-
able to send exchange to lingland to import
coin Having myself twice seen the experiment
made in this country of resuming specie pay-
ments, and in both instances without producing
any disturbance of business, lliavc not the ap-
prehension expressed by some in regard to the
effect it would now have on the business of the
country, if effected at the proper lime and ju-
diciously conducted. 1 believe that specie pay-
ments could be sustained now with a much
larger amount of notes convertible into coin
than formerly under the system of Stall1 banks
as it existed in many parts of the country.
It has been said that the'' 1'nited States notes''
and the 11 fractional currency" took the place
of the coin which had previously circulated. It,
is very cerfaiu they did not displace the bank
notes, for they have increased in amount in-
stead of being diminished since theissue of the
United .States notes. While the supply of money
was regulated by the Slate hanks there never
was, in my opinion, a suitable amount of money
for the proper conduct of the business of the
country. ll seems to me thatthe Treasury could
resume specie payments without regard to the
banks; ami thai the Uniied Stales notes could
be continued in circulation as the equivalent of
coin, after specie payments were resumed, and
nntil there was a sutlicient amount of coin in
the country to supply their place. The •' Uni-
ted States mites" would be move convenient for
use within the United Stales; and, so long as
the foreign exchanges wen' in favor of this coun-
try, there would he no legitimate demand upon
the Treasury to redeem the aoles in coin.
Durum: the pa*! four years thegreat object in
all the financial bills before Congress has been
to provide means to carry 011 the war. That
nece^iiv having passed, no more loan bills are
required. [I is our duty to be cautious in de-
termining upon the change^ to be made in the
regulation of the money of the country, involv-
ing, as it does, the value of all property, and
ali'eeting the interest, of every one in the com-
munity. -My chief objections to withdraw-
ing the Uniied Slates notes from circulation
by converting them ink) bonds are, besides the
expense that would lie incurred for interest on
the bonds, my belief that a larger amount of
money than formerly is now required for the
business of the country, and my tear that some
other paper money, not so good, may be al-
lowed to take their place, by which the country
would be further than ever from a currency
convertible into coin.
The loan bill passed by the last Congress,
approved March 1805, empowered the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue bonds of any
description authorized by that act for the pur-
pose of converting into such bonds '' any Treas-
ury notes or other obligations bearing interest
issued under any act of Congress." This isthe
power which the Secretary of the Treasury has
now. He is authorized to issue bonds for any
period not less than five nor more than forty
years from their date, the rate of interest not to
exceed six per cent.; bat only for the purpose
of converting or funding other interest-bearing
obligations. The bill under consideration pro-
poses to amend that, act so as to enlarge the
power so far as to permit the Secretary of the
Treasury, when he deems it expedient, to con-
vert obligations not bearing interest; and also
to dispose of any of the bonds, either in this
country or in Europe, for the purpose only of
retiring other obligations; but not for any in-
crease of the public debt. This amendment
authorizes any of the bonds disposed of in any
foreign country to be expressed, and the prin-
cipal and interest paid, in the currency of that
country, but, provides that the rate of interest
on them shall not exceed five per cent. I
understand that the Secretary does not expect
to use this power, but, deems it important that
it should be given to him to be exercised only
in case circumstances may arise that, in his
opinion, would render it advantageous and
expedient.
The power to borrow money under the act of
last year is exhausted; and the amendment, of
that act, proposed by this bill docs not author-
ize any new loan, its only object being to facil-
itate the funding of existing obligations.
Mr. UULIUJRD obtained the floor.
Air. STliVENS. Will the gentleman yield
to me to move that the further consideration
of this bill bo postponed until this day week?
Mr. 111 i LB U RD. 1 have no particular desire
to speak this afternoon.
ill-. ST14VENS. Then 1 will make that
motion, unless some other gentleman desires
to speak this afternoon.
Mr. KKLLEY. 1 am ready to say what I
have to say upon this bill now.
Mr. STliVENS. Then 1 would inquire
whether there is any opposition to postponing
this bill until this day week after my colleague
[Mr. Ivum.by] has concluded his remarks.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no personal objec-
tion. I am willing to leave the matter to the
I louse.
Mr. BROOKS. This is rtbill on which I think
there should be prompt action. It should be
decided as early as possible. I receive a num-
ber of letters and telegraphs daily inquiring
what, is likely to be done, and there is a great
deal of speculation in regard to the action of
the House upon t^is matter.
Mr. WENTWOliTIl. And I see a great many
bankers and brokers and speculators in this
Hall, too.
Mr. HGGLESTON. Is it understood that
the bill is postponed tor a week?
The SPliA K lilt. Not at present. The bill
will not be reached again after to-day, in the
regular order, till Monday after the morning
hour.
Mr. MORKILL. T will move that after the
speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
( Mr. Ki.:i,i.t:vJ the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until Tuesday next.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suggest to the gentleman
front Vermont that he say Wednesday next. 1
hope we may get through with one or two
appropriation bills before that time.
Mr. MORRILL. I accept, that as a modifi-
cation of my motion.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
DIKTKIUUTIOSf OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LAFL1N. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kbli.ey,]
1 ask unanimous consent of the House to offer
the following resolution:
lifmhThat tie: Superintendent of the Public
Printing be directed to detiverto the superintendent
of the, toldins deniu-tment tin- the use of the mem-
bers si!" the Iteuee sueh number of Iluuse bill No. 207,
with u.-; substitute or substitutes, as is now given by
law to the Interior Department, unless, in the judg-
ment of the Secretary of the Interior, inconsistent
with the public interests.
Mr. RADFORD. I object.
Mr. LAFLIN. Let me state that by law one
hundred of these copies are to be placed under
the control of the Secretary of the Interior to
be distributed to the public libraries.
Mr. RADFORD. I insist on my objection.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I ask leave to
report back from the Committee on Public
Lands a bill to provide for the survey and sale
of the lands of the United States containing
gold, silver, and other valuable minerals, for
the assaying and coining of such minerals, and
for other purposes, with a view of having it
printed aud recommitted to the committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the reading of
the bill.
Mr. BIDWELL. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana if he has any objection to having
this bill referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining. I understand that it provides for
the distribution of the mineral lands of the
United States.
Mr. .1ULIAN. It is for the sale of the min-
eral lands. I only ask to have it recommitted
and printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] calls for the reading of
the bill. Does the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kulley] yield for that purpose?
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot yield to have the
bill read.
LOAN BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor 011 the loan
bill.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have not
heretofore been inclined to take part in the dis-
cussion of financial measures reported to and
considered by the House; not because I have
not had decided views upon those measures, but
because I have found but little to which to ob-
ject in the propositions made, and saw what the
exigencies of the country were while war was
flagrant.
We are now, however, entering upon anew
financial era. Wo have tested the power of our
country to sustain an expansion of the currency;
we are, if the theories of the gentlemen who sus-
tain this bill prevail, now entering upon a more
dangerous trial, that of contract ion. I have list-
ened with groat, pleasure to the remarks made
by the distinguished members of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Morrill and Mr.
IIooi'Eit] this morning. But 1 make one gen-
eral exception to them. They give us 110 prop-
ositions thiit are not drawn from the past, and
their suggestions are, therefore, quite too con-
tracted for our existing condition and the emer-
gencies of the present time.
We must, Mr. Speaker, look at the financial
questions of the day in the broad view in which
we and foreign nations have learned to contem-
plate the resources and the power of our country,
Gentlemen may say that it will not do to leave
the ruts of routine if we wish to sustain credit.
Sir, it lias done when it was necessary for us to
maintain war, and to create and sustain the
credit, by which we were able to maintain that
war, the largest in its dimensions that history
yet records. Financiers at home and abroad
will now believe many of our statements that
would have been considered most extravagant
a few years ago.
A friend of mine, a brilliant conversational-
ist, a few evenings ago, while chatting with a
foreign gentleman, said to him, '' Sir, you know
nothing of our possibilities, and never believe
them until we demonstrate them. Had we told
you five years ago that there was an obscure
tanner in one of the interior towns of a western
State, who within four years woidd command,
under his immediate personal supervision, more •
guns than Bonaparte ever saw, you would not
have believed it. And yet the four years had
not passed away before it was so. Bonaparte
