1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2897
Mr. HOWARD. I will not be forced by
the Senator into a false position.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. 1 do not desire to be
interrupted until I finish one sentence. I say
to that Senator that so far as the rights of the
freedmen are concerned, I am willing to com-
pare my course of action in this body or else-
where with his. I say to that Senator that I
labored as hard as he lias labored to secure
the rights and liberties of the freedmcn, to
emancipate the slaves of the South, and to put,
an end forever not only to slavery, but to the
aristocracy that was founded upoa it; and I
have never, by word or deed, said or done any-
thing, as a member of this body or elsewhere,
tending to build up any oppression against the
freedmen, tendingto destroy any of theirrights.
I say to that honorable Senator, and I am
ready at any time to meet him in argument
upon it although it is drawing me now from
the question in dispute, that I myself prepared
and introduced here and urged a bill whose
provisions defended every right of the freed-
men just as much as the bill to which we-have
now made reference, and I am prepared to do
so and to defend their rights with the whole
power of the Government.
But, sir, the Senator has drawn me off from
the immediate question before the Senate.
The immediate question is, whether the lan-
guage which he uses, "all persons subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States," includes
these Indians. I maintain that it does ; and,
therefore, for the purpose of relieving it from any
doubt, for the purpose of excluding this class
of persons, as they are, in my judgment, ut-
terly unfit to be citizens of the United States,
I have proposed this amendment, which I bor-
row from the Constitution as it stands, which
our fathers adopted more than seventy years
ago, which I find also in the civil rights bill
which passed this present Congress, and which
I find also in the second section of this consti-
tutional amendment when applied to the enu-
meration of the inhabitants of the States. I
insist that it is just, proper in every way, but
reasonable, that we exclude the wild Indians
from being regarded or held as citizens of the
United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would not agree to this
proposed constitutional amendment if I sup-
posed it made Indians not taxed citizens of the
United States. But I am satisfied that, giving
to Llie amendment a fair and reasonable con-
struction, it does not include Indians not taxed.
The first and second sections of this proposed
amendment are to be taken together, are to be
construed together, and the meaning of the
word "citizens," as employed in both sec-
tions, is to be determined from the manner in
which that word is used in both of those sec-
tions. Section one provides that—
All porsons bom in the United States, and subject
to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of tlie United
States and of the State wherein they reside.
If there be any doubt about the meaning of
that paragraph, I think that doubt is entirely
removed by the second section, for by the sec-
ond section of this constitutional amendment
Indians not taxed are not counted at all in the
basis of representation. The words in the
second section are as follows:
Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may be included within the
Union, according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed.
They are not to be regarded as persons to
be counted under any circumstances. Indians
not taxed are not even entitled to be counted
as persons in the basis of representation under
any circumstances; and then the section pro-
vides—
But whenever, in any State, the elective franchise
shall be denied to any portion of its male inhabit-
ants, being citizens of the United States, &c.
Now, can any reasonable man conclude that
the word " citizens" there applies to Indians
not taxed, or includes Indians not taxed,
when they are expressly excluded from the
basis of representation and cannot even be
taken into the enumeration of persons rpon
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 182.
whom representation is to be based? I tliink
it is perfectly clear, when you put the first
and second sections together, that Indians
not taxed are excluded from the term "cit-
izens because it cannot be supposed for one
moment that the term "citizens," as employed
in these two sections, is intended to apply to
Indians who arc not oven counted under any
circumstances as a part of the basis of repre-
sentation. I therefore think that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin is clearly
unnecessary. I do not believe that '' Indians
not taxed" are included, and I understand that
to be a description of Indians who maintain
their tribal relations and who are not in all
respects subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States.
In one sense, all persons born within the
geographical limits of the United States are
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States,
but they are not subject to the jurisdiction of
the United States in every sense. Take the
child of an embassador. In one sense, that
child born in the United States is subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States, because
if that child commits the crime of murder, or
commits any other crime against the laws of
the country, to a certain extent ho is subject
to the jurisdiction of the United States, but
not in every respect; and so with these In-
dians. All persons living within a judicial
district may be said, in one sense, to be sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the court iu that dis-
trict, but they arc not in every sense subject
to the jurisdiction of the court until they are
brought, by proper process, within the reach
of the power of the court. I understand the
words here, " subject to the jurisdiction of the
United States," to mean fully and completely
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States.
If there was any doubt as to the meaning of
those words, 1 think that doubt is entirely
removed and explained by the words in the
subsequent section ; and believing that, in any
court or by any intelligent person, these two
sections would be construed not to include
Indians not taxed, I do not think the amend-
ment is necessary.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not presume that
any one will pretend to disguise the fact that
the object of this first section is simply to de-
clare that negroes shall bo citizens of the Uni-
ted States. There can be no other object in
it, I presume, than a further extension of the
legislative kindness and beneficence of Congress
toward that class of people.
"The poor Indian, whose untutored mind,
Sees God in clouds, or hears him in the wind,"
was not thought of. I say this not meaning it
to be any reflection upon the honorable com-
mittee who reported the amendment, because
for all the gentlemen composing it I have a high
respect personally ; butthat is evidently the ob-
ject. I have no doubt myself of the correctness
of the position, as a question of law, taken by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin; but, sir,
I feel disposed to vote against his amendment,
because if thes^negroes are to be made citi-
zens of the United States, I can see no reason
in justice or in right why the Indians should
not be made citizens. If our citizens are to
bo increased in this wholesale manner, I can-
not turn my back upon that persecuted race,
among whom are many intelligent, educated
men, and embrace as fellow-citizens the negro
race. I therefore, as at present advised, for
the reasons I have given, shall vote against the
pi'oposition of my friend from Wisconsin, al-
though I believe, as a matter of law, that his
statements are correct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to have the
amendment to the amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert after the word
"thereof" in the amendment the words "ex-
cluding Indians not taxedso that the amend-
ment, if amended, would read :
All persons born in the United States, and subject
to the jurisdiction thereof, excluding Indians not
taxed, aie citizens of the United States and of the
State wherein they reside.
The question being taken by yeas an d nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays SO; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckal ew, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,
Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, MeDougail, Norton,
and Riddle—10.
NA YS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, Cragin,
Creswell, Edmunds, Fessendon, Foster, Grimes, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Ivirkwood, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomcroy,
Kamsey,Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, V-aia
Winkle, Wade, Willey. Williams, and Wilson—;!().
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Chandler,Dixon, Lane
of Indiana, Ncsmith, Sauisbury, Sprague, Wright,
and Yafos~9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] will be read.
'The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section two, lino twenty-two, after the
word "male," to strike out the word "citi-
zens" and insert "inhabitants, being citizens
of the United States so as to make tlio sec-
tion read:
Brcc.2. ltopresentatives shall bo apportioned among
the several States which may beinciuded within the
Union, according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole numberof personam each State, exclud-
ing Indians not taxed. But whenever, in any Stato,
the electivo franchiso shall bo denied to any portion
of its male inhabitants, being citizens of the United
States, not less than twenty-one years of age, or in
any way abridged, except tor participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis of representation in
such State shall be reduced in the proportion which
tho number of such male citizens shall bear to tho
whole number of male citizens not less than twenty-
one years of ago.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it supposed that that
amendment changes tho section as it was
before? It appears to me to be the same as
it was before, because, although the word " in-
habitants" is used, it is in conncction with the
other words that they are to bo citizens of the
United States. As it originally stood it read:
But whenever, in any Stato, tho elective franchiso
shall be denied to any portion of its male citizens.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The object is the same
as in the amendment already made, to prevent,
a State from saying that although a person is
a citizen of tlie United States he is not a
citizen of the State.
Mr. HOWARD. Tlie object is to make
section two conform to section one, to make
them harmonize.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is it in order now to
olfer an amendment to the first section?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
several more amendments before the Senate,
offered by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
HowaM),] not yet acted upon. Tho next
amendment offered by him will be read.
The Secretary read tho amendment, which
was to add at the end of section two the words
"in such State."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
three the following:
Sec. 8. That no person shall be a Senator or Rep-
resentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who.
having previously taken an oath, as a member ot
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the^ame, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "shall"
in the thirty-seventh line the words "during
•the term of his office." I presume I understand
