2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
the idea upon which this section rests. It is,
I suppo'se, that men who held office, and upon
assuming the office took the oath prescribed
by t.he Constitution, became obligated by that
oath to stand by the Constitution and the oath,
and that going into the rebellion was not only
a breach of their alleigance, but a breach of
their oath. I presume that isthe theory of it;
and that persons who have violated the oath
to support the Constitution of the United
States ought no't to bo allowed to hold any
office. If it does not rest upon that proposi-
tion, then I am not able to-see why these men
should be excluded more than others who have
violated their allegiance. Now, sir, what is
the obligation prescribed in the sixth article
of the Constitution?
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the members of the several State Legis-
latures. and all executive and judicial officers, both
of the United States and of the several States, shall
be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution."
I presume that that oath means that in the
discharge of the duties of the office the party
will support the Constitution of the United
States. I have not examined any authorities j
upon this subject, and have seen no opinion
expressed upon it, but I presume that is the j
meaning and force of the oath. When a Sen- |
ator of the United States takes the oath to sup- j
port the Constitution of the United States, it |
means that, as a Senator, in the discharge of j
his official duty, he will obey the Constitu-
tion, and in no respect violate its provisions.
If a member of a State Legislature takes that
oath, I presume it means that as a legislator
for the State he will respect and obey the
Constitution, and when his term of office has
expired I suppose the oath ceases to be oblig-
atory upon him, or, rather, that the oath has
done its work. If he has obeyed the oath
while he held the office, I presume his obe-
dience to it is no longer required by virtue
of the oath itself. Everybody, by virtue of
his allegiance, is bound to obey the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to stand by the
Union. But this oath of itself is an oath of
office binding upon him as an officer, else why
is it that if a Senator taking this oath, serves
six years and is reelected, he is sworn again?
For the simple reason that he is entering upon
another term of service, and for that term of
service he must take this official oath to obey
the Constitution of the United States. I pre-
sume this oath means as if it read, "Sena-
tors and Representatives and all other officers
in the United States and in the States shall be
bound by an oath or affirmation to support the
Constitution of the United States in their of-
fices." I know of no other purpose that there
can be to require a special oath from an officer.
If this be the proper construction of the
oath—and I do not express an opinion upon
the subject with a great deal of confidence—
then the amendment which I propose to this
section ought to be adopted, because after the
term of service has expired in any particular
office the official oath is satisfied, and the party
becomes one of the mass of the community,
and if he went into the rebellion he went into
it violating his allegiance, like any and all other
citizens who with him went into the rebellion,
it is for that reason that I propose the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD.- I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. I do not regard the con-
stitutional oath referred to by the Senator from
Indiana precisely in the same light in which he
presents it. If I understand him rightly, he
holds that although a person may have taken
that._ constitutional oath, if he has not commit-
ted insurrection during the continuance of his
term of office, but commits that act after the
expiration of that term, the previous taking of
the oath by him adds to the act no additional
moral guilt. I do not concur with him in that
view. It seems to me that where a person has
taken a solemn oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States there is a fair moral
implication that he cannot afterward commit
an act which in its effect would destroy the
Constitution of the United States without in-
curring the guilt of at least moral perjury. I
desire to see such a comment made upon this
violation of the oath of office by insurgents as
will stigmatize that act for all time to come,
and I think the loyal people of the United
States are of the same opinion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I had supposed that
the Senate would adopt this amendment with-
out any discussion. -The proposition of the
Senator from Indiana, in my judgment, is so
plain that I did not suppose it could have been
questioned, that the oath a person takes when
he enters upon the exercise of an office, or as
preparatory to the discharge of the duties of an
office, relates simply and solely to that office
and does not extend beyond it. I never heard
the interpretation of the oath of office as given
by the Senator from Indiana questioned before.
I shall therefore vote for his amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If I understand the
language and effect of this amendment, it is
intended to debar those who were under that
oath of office at the time they went into rebel-
lion from hereafter holding office either under
the State or national Government. I cer-
tainly concur with the Senator from Indiana,
that the binding force of an official oath only
continues as long as the term of the office. If it
is the intention to exclude from these privi-
leges any one who has ever held an office
under the national Government or the State
governments, then the language of the section
is correct as it is ; but if it is jntended to con-
fine it to those who were at the moment of
separating themselves from the Government
and going over to the rebellion under the ob-
ligation of an oath to support the Constitution,
then I think the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana should be adopted. We
all admit that the obligation to support the
Constitution is as binding on every citizen of
the LTnited States as an oath can make it, and
that in fact oaths in most cases are of no
effect except to have a most solemn acknowl-
edgment of the duty that the oath seems to
many to impose; but it does add something
to the guilt of the party that at the time he
engaged in rebellion he was actually under the
obligation of an oath to support the Constitu-
tion. I shall favor the amendment if the ob-
ject is to exclude those who were in the actual
exercise of these offices, and therefore under
the binding force of their official oaths, at the
moment that they embarked in the rebellion.
Whatever view the majority have of it of course
should govern the language employed; but
understanding that the word "oath" is here
introduced to designate that class of persons,
I shall vote with the Senator from Indiana for
his amendment. It would have been sufficient,
if the other view was to prevail, to have said
that no one who had ever held office under the
General or State government should have
these privileges, and then there would be no
necessity of course for introducing this amend-
ment. I hope that it will prevail, because
while it will exclude a vory~£reat many it will
still leave some to hold office in the southern
States, especially in those States where they
will have very few qualified persons, and where
many, we may infer, have a less degree of
guilt at least than those whom this amendment
will exclude.
Mr. JOIINSON. I am opposed to the
amendment as proposed by the committee,
and shall vote, therefore, for the amendment
suggested by the member from Indiana, be-
cause the former excludes too many persons
from eligibility to office. All history shows,
as I think, that on the conclusion of a civil warj
the more mild, consistently with the safety
of the country, the measures are which are
adopted the better for the restoration of en-
tire peace and harmony.
The effect of the amendment of the com-
mittee will be to embrace nine tenths, perhaps,
of the gentlemen of the South, to disfranchise
them until Congress shall think proper by a
majority of two thirds of each branch to re-
move the restriction, f have no idea that with
a provision like this, the constitutional amend-
ment will receive the sanction of any southern
State, for if the suggestion of the member
from Indiana is not adopted then all who have
at any time held any*officc under the United
States or who have been in any branch of the
Legislature of a State, which they could not
be without taking the oath required by the Con-
stitution of the United States, are to be ex-
cluded from holding the office of Senator or
Representative or that of an elector for Presi-
dent, or any office, civil or military, under the
United States; and not satisfied with that, all
who have held office under any State, military
or civil, legislative or judicial, are to fall within
the inhibition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those who have been
members of a State Legislature.
Mr. JOHNSON. And all that have held
judicial office. They are all obliged to take the
oath.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ob-
serve it is following the constitutional pro-
vision.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is. But all the
members of the State Legislature, all the judi-
cial officers of the State, are compelled to take
the oath prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States; and I suppose it is fair to esti-
mate that persons will be excluded who held
office twenty and thirty years ago, as well as
those who held office at the time the rebellion
broke out. Now, I put it to Senators to say
whether they think that these southern States
will, with such a restriction as that, accept this
constitutional amendment. If the amendment
was in separate articles, so that each article
might be acted upon separately by the States,
the rejection of some of the articles would not
be so fatal, perhaps, as will bearejection ofthe
whole. Suppose the whole is rejected, and it
must be if any part is, where are we? Just
where we are how. Where are we now? As
far as arms are conccrned, peace has returned;
as far as harmony is concerned, peace is ap-
parently as far off as ever : and what is to be
the effect upon the prosperity of the States
which are to be kept in this condition of thrall-
dom? Who will go as immigrants into the
southern States? Who will invest their cap-
ital, who will engage in the cultivation of cot-
ton and of rice and of sugar? And just in pro-
portion as these products are lessened, just so
in proportion is the prosperity of the whole
country delayed.
I have had occasion to say more than once,
and the idea is so fully impressed upon my mind
that I hope the Senate will excuse me for reit-
erating it, that we ought to consider, it is due
to justice to consider, it is due to generosity
and magnanimity to consider, that many ofthe
men who will be excluded by this constitu-
tional amendment from sharing in the honors
of the country believed that the Constitution
as it stood gave them the right to secede. Ille-
gal as the notion was in my judgment, yet
some of the brightest intellects in the country,
North as well as South, maintained the same
doctrine; and the war, therefore, in which we
have been engaged was not a war like the civil
wars which have existed in other countries.
It was a war growing out of a difference of
constitutional opinion, to say nothing of any-
thing else. The opinion entertained by the
South was as honest as was the opinion enter-
tained by the North—wrong, dangerous, un-
constitutional, inconsistent as I think it is with
the continuance of any Union to be formed
out of the States of the United States, but still
honestly entertained. Now they have become
satisfied by the result of the conflict that their
doctrine was one which could not be main-
tained and never will be suffered to exist as
long as the people of the United States are
true to the interest and the prosperity and
renown ofthe country.
Why, then, should we excludc the numerous
class that will be excluded by this provision?
D.° you not want to act upon the public opinion
ofthe masses of the South? Do you not want
to win them back to loyalty? Arid if you do,
