3858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IT,
est possible moment. If this Congress should
issue one hundred-year bonds, with interest, to
be appropriated to the support of our wounded
arid penftUess soldiers and of the widows of
such as died by disease or wounds in the ser-
vice, and for the liberal education of the orphans
of our poor dead soldiers, do you suppose our
nation would be any poorer for such a boon to
its brave defenders who saved its very life?
No, sir, but far richer, for then, indeed, would
tnis nation be strong in a race of heroes 5 every
cabin would be a fortress and every woman a
soldier ; and while our posterity, who had the
principal of the debt to pay, would celebrate
the achievements of the men who had borne
aloft the flag, they would also indorse the acts
of tho statesmen who had done some little to
reward the heroes who had offered themselves
a willing sacrifice upon the altars of patriotism
and liberty.
It has come down from age to age, as the
shame of the ancient republics, that they were
ungrateful to public benefactors: that those who
had borne their eagles farthest over conquered
kingdoms, or rendered mo|t service to their
country, either in the field or council chamber,
were the most liable to censure, ostracism, and
even death to gratify the popular caprice. The
poet thus characterizes this popular caprice in
the sudden transfer of the popular favor from
the defeated Pompey to the victorious Cassar,
by words put into the mouth of a tribune of the
people, who says:
"Wherefore rejoice? What conquests brings he
home?
What tributaries follow him to Home,
To grace in captive bonds his chariot-wheels?
You block?, you stones, you worse than sonsolcs3
things 1
0, you hard hearts, you cruel men of Rome,
Knew ye not Pompey V Many a time and oft
Have you climbed up to walla ami battlements,
To towers and windows, yea, to chimney tops,
Your infants in your arms, and there have sat
The live-lone: day, with patient expectation,
To ?>eo gieat Pompey jmab the streets of Koine;
And when you saw his chariot but appear,
Have you not made an universal shout,
That Tiber trembled underneath her banks,
To hoar the replication of your sounds
Made in her concave shores?
And do you now put on your be^t attire?
And do you now cull out a holiduy?
And do you now strew fiowor  in hi < wav
That-eomes 111 triumph over Pompey's blood?
Be {.'one;
Run to your hou^c.*, fall upon your knees,
Pray to the gods to inlennil t'io placrae
That needs must light on thN ingratitude."
Mr. President, never let it !>e said that this
Republic shall incur the shuine of ingratitude
to public benefactors which spreads a cloud
over the bright glories of the great republics
of the past.
But, Mr. President, I should not finish the
picture were I to stop here. Grant is free from
inordinate ambition, and from many of the
faults and vices which have sullied the char-
acters of many others who have been chroni-
cled us gieat men in history. He is an honest
man ; he is gentle and kind, magnanimous to
the vanquished; of rugged virtue; stern sim-
plicity ; plain, republican manners ; true to free-
dom without regard to caste; spotless purity
of life, and elevated devotion to country, stand-
ing out before the world as Washington and
Lincoln^ stood, an ever-present and sublime
illustration that exalted greatness and exalted
goodness are one and inseparable.
I do not wish to deal in panegyric. T know
that Grant cares as little for it as any man.
He never sought glory. There is nothing about
him of the pomp or vain-gloriousness or glare
which men call glory. All that he desires is
truth. He is the last man who would have
ascribed to him achievements which he never
wrought, or praise for words he never uttered.
As wo look upon that calm, reticent, statue-
like figure, it is hard to realize that he is the
man who stood self-poised and unmoved by
the discordant elements of the great revolution
through which we have passed, and with the
certainty of fate directed the destiny of a con-
tinent. But. time, which at last sets all things
even, will reveal him to the world and blazon
.him greater in history than Alexander, whose
ambition tho conquest of a world did not sat-
isfy; greater than Csesar, who sacrificed the
glory of republican Rome for the pageantry of
universal empire ; and greater than Napoleon,
who bartered the victories won by the sword for
the vain magnificence of the imperial purple.
Grant welcomed the end of conquest as a
national blessing. His name will go shining
down the ages lustrous with the halo of great
achievements and of great beneficence, with-,
out the stain of selfishness; and will be en-
shrined in the hearts of the coming millions as
the man to whom we are most indebted for
the success of our arms, tho triumph of truth
and liberty, and the preservation of our na-
tional Union.
Mr. GRIMES. I notice that in the twenty-
seventh line of the committee's amendment
this language is used: '' and the said Gen-
eral may appoint upon his staff such number
of aids,'' &e. I suppose the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs docs not claim
that the General would have the authority to
appoint officers in the regular Army. I sup-
pose the committee intended to use the word
" select," and not "appoint." I propose,
therefore, to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out the word "appoint," in line twenty-
seven, and inserting, "select from the line of
the Army for service;" so as to read, "and
the said General may select from the line of
the Army for service upon his staff such num-
ber of aids, not exceeding six, as he mayjudge
proper, who shall each have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry and
between the words "who" and "shall" I move
to insert " during the term of such service."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move further to amend
the amendment by inserting after the word
"cavalry," at its close, the words, "during
the term of such staff service ;" so as to make
that portion of the amendment read:
Ami it is hereby provided that in lieu of the staff
now allowed by law to the Lieutenant General, he
shall bo entitled to two aids and one military secre-
tary, each to have the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a lieutenant colonel of cavalry daring the term of
such staff service.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that tho amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Incompli-
ance with the order of the Senate, the Chair
will announce the appointment of Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Doolittle, and Mr. Nesiuth, as the
committee of conference on the part of the Sen-
ate on House bill No. 387, being the Indian
appropriation hill.
mail servick to china.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 08.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is in order, which is Senate
bill No. 887.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of the
friends of that measure, I should like to get a
vote upon the resolution that I have named.
It has been already discussed in the Senate,
and, for my own part, I do not wish to say
anything more upon it. It will only occupy a
few moments, and I am very anxious to get a
vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it?
Mr. CONNESS. It is the joint resolution
in regard to the China mail service. It hag
been lying over now for about three weeks.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that that
measure will not occupy the attention of -the
Senate for more than a few. minutes, in all
probability, and I am willing that the order of
the day shall be informally, laid aside in order
that it may be taken up.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to get a vote
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent, the unfinished business may be
laid aside. No objection being interposed, it
is laid aside; and it is now moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 98.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 98) to amend an act entitled "An act
to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and China," approved February 17, 1865: the
pending question being on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Wilson to strike out all after the
word "that," in the third line of the resolu-
ton, and to insert:
The Pacific Steamship Company is hereby author-
ized to establish a monthly steamship line between
San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands, instead of
touching at Honolulu, as required by law, with their
steamships engaged in carrying the mails between
the United States and China.
Mr. SUMNER. This question is not free
from embarrassment, especially where one is
in favor of the line to Japan, and also in favor
of a line to the Sandwich Islands, as is the ease
with myself. I am anxious to see each of these
lines established—believing as I do that each
is important to the general welfare and espe-
cially to the commercial interests of the coun-
try. But strong as is my desire, I have not
been able to see how the line to Japan can be
advantageously held to turn aside and stop at
the Sandwich Islands. To bring these two
objects into one voyage is not unlike the idea
of the elderly person who wished her Bible to
be the smallest size boob and the largest size
type. The two things do not go together.
And yet, sir, I confess that the interest which
I take in the Sandwich Islands inclines me to
do all that I can to strengthen and increase our
relations with them. I do not forget that these
islands, though originally discovered by a Brit-
ish navigator, are mainly indebted for their
present civilization to the United States. Mis-
sionaries of our country have planted churches
and schools at an expense of at least a million
dollars. One of our countrymen, the late John
Pickering, of Boston, the eminent philologist,
invented the alphabet by which the native lan-
guage was reduced to a written text. The whalci s
of New England have made these islands a rest-
ing-place. Our ships on their way to Chinahave
made them a half-way house. Of all the for-
eign ships which reach there five sixths are of
our country. Such are the ties of beneficence
and of commerce by which we are bound to
these islands. There is no other nation that
has an interest in these islands comparable in
character or amount to ours. Meanwhile the
native population has been constantly decay-
ing at an annual decrease of eight per cent.,
so that I presume now it is not more than fifty
thousand.
This brief review will furnish a glimpse of
our interest in these islands. They are the
wards of the United States. We cannot now
turn away from them. The Government must
add its contribution also. It is on this account,
that I have heard with pleasure that a national
ship, under the command of one of our most in-
telligent officers, is to be stationed at the Sand-
wich Islands. Her presence there will exer-
cise a salutary influence in sustaining the inter-
ests of our people. This is something. But
I confess that I should like to see these islands
bound to our continent by a steam line.
While confessing this desire, and giving my
reasons for it, I am not satisfied that it is proper
to require the Japan line to perform this ser-
vice. It is clear from unanswerable testimony
that the stoppage of this line cannot be effected
without such a deviation as materially to inter-
fere with its operations.
The testimony presented by the report is
positive. Here, for instance, is what is said
by that eminent authority, Admiral Davis:
" These considerations, with regard to the eastern
voyage, appear to disposo of the whole Question.
