978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
of wealth developed by enterprise or accumu-
lated by industry. For myself, sir, I hope tbe
power to contract the currency by redeeming
our non-interest bearing debt, the legal tenders,
will not be granted. I do not lack confidence
in the qualities of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as a banker. I believe hini to be one of
the ablest in the country; but I believe tliat
bankers' wisdom is a delusion in these days.
"What we want is, the sagacity, grasp, and cour-
age of statesmanship, and his propositions, as
disclosed in this bill, do not, 1 think, display
these qualities. And 1 pray and implore the
House to refuse to make the admission to the
hankers of Frankfort-on-tlie-Main, of Paris,
and of Lombard street, that with the crushing
of the rebellion and the murder of Abraham
Lincoln the pride and manhood of the Republic
died out.
For four years—I close as I began—we sus-
tained a war and maintained the credit to sus-
tain it, and 1 implore gentlemen not to say to
the bankers of liurope that if they will come
to our relief we will agree by the terms of the
bond to pay them in their own francs and florins
and shillings and pence, but let them expect to
see the coin of America, with its eagle on it at
least, when their bonds shall be ultimately
redeemed.
In pursuance of the previous order of the
House, the further consideration of the bill was
postponed till Wednesday next, after the morn-
ing hour.
MIUTAUY AM) NAVAIi ASYUJM.
Mr. SOU MXCIC. At the request of the Com-
mil tec on Military A lliiirs, 1 ask to have Senate
hill No. ."i-1 printed with a substitute proposed
by (lie committee, and then recommitted. Jt
is an act to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate a national military and naval asy-
lum Cor the reliefof disabled officers and men
of the volunteer forces ol'the United States."
No objection being made, it. was so ordered.
UNT.OM.KO 1111,1. SKiNKD.
Mr. com:, from tin; Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported thai the committee had exam-
ined am! found truly enrolled a joint, resolution
(11. k. No. 7f>) to encourage and facilitate
telegraphic communication between the west-
ern and eastern continents; when the Speaker
signed the same.
l'AF.CI TIVH COMMUNICATION.
The SI'KA K Kit. The Chair asks consent to
lay before the liou.se the reply of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture to a resolution of the
House of l.Vpresentatives, January
and to have die same laid on the table, and
printed.
No objection being made, it, was so ordered.
MINKlSAr, LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, by unanimous consent, reported a
bill to provide Cor the survey and sale of the
lands of the f'uitod States containing gold, sil-
ver, and oilier valuable minerals, for the assay-
ing and coining of such minerals, and forother
purposes ; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitlcd.
ivmtNW, IIHVI:\I:I:.
Mr. mnwKLL, 1 >v un.uiimous consent, in-
troduced a hill to amend an sict.entitled "An act
to provide interna! revenue to support thc^ov-
erumen!, fo pay interest on the public debt,
and for o'her purposes which wa** road a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
too of Ways and Means.
.JOHN M. AVKJtY.
Mr. BIPWKLL, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a hill for the relief of .John M.
Avery; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Wa\s and
Means.
UNION PACEVEO KAITjHOAD AND TCLEtlUAPir.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Jioads? by unan-
imous consent, reported a bill to aid in the con-
struction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railroad and telegraph, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
station for naval supplies.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, authorized and requested to inform this
House atwhatcostrfeo the Government asuitable loca-
tion for eoal and naval stores can be obtained at or
near Canton, in the city of Baltimore.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriatecommittecs:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The petition of_Pcter
Frazer, II. A. Knsign, and 71 others, citizens of Defi-
ance county, Ohio, praying Congress not to restore
any State that has rebelled, .fee., toits place andpower
as a governing partner m the Union till adequate
security has been obtained againstnts renewing the
attempt to seccdc, &e.
By Mr. ASH LEY. of Nevada: The memorial of.thc
Leg^laturo of Nevada.concerning the {San Francisco
ami Washoe Railroad Company.
By M r. BIORO ION : The petit ion of assistant assess-
ors of Brooklyn, New York, for increase of pay.
By Mr.CLAlUvH, of Kansas: The petition oi .Susan
E. Watties, and 4f otheis, women of Linn county,
K:msas, pravirig for universal suffrage.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The remonstranco of
Jotleison llildebiant, of Wilmington, Ohio, against
the passage of a law authorizing the Post Office De-
partment to sell stamped envelopes at the price of the
stamps.
By Mr. COOK: The memorial of 200 citizens of
Grundy county, Illinois, praying for aid in the con-
struction of a ennui around the falls of Niagara and
enlargingthe 1 Ihnois and Michigan canal.
By Mr. DAWES- The petition of Phmons Allen,
and others, against the manufacture and sale of en-
velopes at the ptice oi the stamps.
By Mr. DUMONT : The petition of Bowcn,Stewart
k Co . W. A: J. Braden, Woi den k Sum wait. Merrill k
Co., Todd, Carmieliacl k William*, Ann Thompson,
all stat iouers of J ndianapolis, Indiana, on t lie subject
of stamped envelopes and setting forth the loss the
(loverninent will sustain by furnishing damped en-
velopes at the same price as stamps, and praying
tha t no such legislation may be adopted.
By Mr. HCKLEY: The petition of Jefferson county,
Ohio, asking for an additional duty on wool.
Also, the petition of citizens of Steuben ville, in the
Sinto of Ohio, asking for a protection of American
labor .so us fo protect it against the low pi ices of
' n'y ^li'. EOntKSTOX: Thepotitkm of .Tolin F. Tor-
renee, and 100 others, citizens of Ohio, praying for a
modification of the tenth section of the levenuo act
ol 18(H) under which street, railroad companies have
increased their rates for carrying passengers twenty
per cent.
Bv Mr. EliPKllMrE: The petition of citizens of
Shelioygnn Falls, lor an appropriation by Congress
for the improvement of Sheboygan haibor, in Wis-
consin.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of the Association of
Friends of Philadelphia for i clief ol freed men, pray-
ing for incrca^d efficiency of the frecdmen's Bureau.
ISy Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: A petition of women
of the town ot Collins, Erie county, New York, ask-
ing for an amendment of the Constitution extending
the right of suffrage to negroes and women.
A1j*o. a remonstrance of newsdealers and stationers
at Buffalo, New York, against the passage of a law
authorizing postmasteis to sell stamped envelopes,
etc.
By Mr. JULIAN • The petition of 87 women of Fre-
mont, 1 inliima, pra> itig an amendment of the Con-
stitution that shall piohihit the several States from
disfranchising any of then citizens on the ground of
sev.
By M r. MERCCR: The petition of citizens of Espy,
Col umbia county, Pennsylvania, asking that t he rev-
enue laws bi> so adjusted as to .secure the amplest pro-
tect inn to the labor and industiy of the country in all
their branches.
Also, a petition of mechanics and laborers of Man-
ayunk, Philadelphia, asking that the tariff may be so
amended as lo protect their labor.
Also, a petition of citizens of East Springhill and
Ttiscnrora township, Pcnp^vlvnnia, asking for an
amendment to the Constitution which will prevent
any State making imydistmetion between citizens on
account of race, color, or descent.
Bv Mi. 0RT11: The remonstrance of Alexander
\V ilson, and others, of La fa yet to. Indiana, ngainst f he
pas-age of Senate bill authou/.hvg the Postmaster
General to sell stamped envelopes at the value of such
stamps.
Bv Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition ofF.
A. Sawyer, late first lieutenant forty-seventh New
York volunteers, for reimbursement for loss of cloth-
ing, &c., by sinking of United States transport Fan-
ning.
By Mr.SCHENCK: "Resolutions of the General As-
sembly of Ohio, respecting the oxeise duty on cigars.
By Mr.TAYLOR: The memorial ofassistant assess-
sors of the fifth district of New York, asking for in-
crease of pay.
By Mr. WENT'VORTH: The petition of Chaplain
Murphy, of Illinois volunteers, asking for arrearages
of pay.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. ELIOT; A bill to continue in force ar.d to
arnendan act entitled "An act to establish a Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes."
IX SENATE.
Friday, February 23, 1866.
PrayerbyRev. Howard Malcolm, D. D., of
Philadelphia.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, in favor of a grant of
lands for the construction of a ship-eaual from
Portage Lake to Lake Superior, across the base
of Keweenaw Point; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 present the memorial of
Governor .John Evans, of Colorado, calling at-
tention to the importance and feasibility of pre-
venting the threatened invasion of this country
h^ the Asiatic cholera by the enforcement of a
general system of quarantine regulations, a por-
tion of which I will read :
"The great importance of a measure that promises
to accomplish the object indicated, by which the lives
of tho people and the prosperity of tnc country shall
ho guarded from this terrible scourge, needs no elu-
cidation.
41 To show the feasibility of arresting the progress of
the disease by quarantine, I would respectfully call
attention to two facts:
" 1. AVhen carefully observed, it is found uniformly
to spread along the liuesof intercommunication and
travel, but never faster than their regular course.
"2. It has been kept at bay by the intervention of
quarantine regulations.
"In support of these propositions, T respectfully
refer to the facts sot forth in the accompanying copy
of a history of the spread of cholera, especially as it
invaded this country in the year 1819, which was* pub-
lished in tho Northwestern Medieal and Surgical Jour-
nal for September of that year. Also to the report of
tho pioceedings of a rcccnt meeting of the commis-
sioners of health for the city of New York.
" It will be observed that thedisease appeared at the
quarantine station on Staten Island, Now York, on
tho 2d day of December, 1848, and after prevailing ex-
tensively on the island for a month it completely sub-
sided without affecting the great city in its immediate
vicinity, and without spreading beyond that island."
There are some interesting papers accom-
panying this memorial, which I move be re-
ferred with it to the Committee on Commerce
and bo printed, as I think their importance
justifies it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the im-
provement of the navigation of the rapids on
the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I present the memorial of
John Welsh, president, and A. J. Perkins,
secretary, in behalf of the Philadelphia Board
of Trade, setting forth that millions of dollars
due from the rebel States cannot be collected
in the Lnited States courts because the sums
are less than five hundred dollars, and they pray
j Congress that the jurisdiction of the courts of
| the United States be extended so that they may
take cognizance of all actions founded on con-
tract, express or implied, where the parties are
residents of different States. I move the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. \\ ILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, praying
for an equalization of bounties ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
