1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Elisha P. Moulton, praying that his claim as an
original inventor of iron-clad gunboats may be
recognized and rewarded ; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. NESMITH presented the memorial of
Nesmith & Sons, of New York city, praying
that an American register may be issued to the
ship Roamer, formerly the Screamer; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE. I desire to present a memorial
of the. Legislature of the State of Nevada, pro-
testing against the sale of the mineral lands,
which I will read:
"Your memorialist has heard with surprise and re-
gret that propositions looking to the sale of the min-
eral lands of this State and the Pacific coast are being
urged upon your honorable bodies, and believing, as
your memorialist does, thatsuch a course, if adopted,
will have the effect to retard and prevent the develop-
ment of the mineral resources of this coast; and be-
lieving that the local rules and regulations established
and observed by the miners themselves are fully ade-
quate and best calculated to secure speedy and thor-
ough exploration of the mineral sections of our State,
which are always attended with much hardship, peril,
and expense, with but a small guarantee of realizing
adequate remuneration for the risks undertaken; and
being fully confirmed in the conviction that the prop-
osition toscll the mineral landsof this coastis fraught
with danger and evil to the best interests of the State
and nation, your memorialist would respectfully and
most earnestly ask of your honorable bodies, that no
action be taken by you having for its object the enact-
ment of any law of the character named."
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I present also the memorial of
numerous citizens temporarily absent from Col-
orado, asking for the admission of Colorado as
a State. They set forth several vefy important
reasons why it should be admitted. They say
that they paid last year in Colorado taxes to
the amount of S3G,400, and they desire to have
Colorado admitted as a State, believing that it
will be materially aided by a State government,
thereby increasing the revenue of the whole
country. They further represent that Colorado
responded to all the calls of the Government
during the recent rebellion, furnishing her full
quota of troops called for without a draft; and
lastly, that she has complied with all the essen-
tial conditions imposed by Congress in the late
act providing for her admission info the Union.
As the subject of the admission of Colorado is
now before the Senate, I move that this memo-
rial lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for such
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will forever prevent any State from
making any distinction in civil rights and priv-
ileges among the naturalized citizens of the
United States, or among persons born on its
soil, on account of race, color, or descent; which
was referred to the joint committee on reeon-
sf ruction.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
from Ephraim Hinds, of Long Island. New
York, in which he calls the attention of Con-
gress to the provisions of what he supposes to
be the thirteenth articlc of the amendments to
the Constitution, as follows: "That if any
citizen shall accept, any office or emolument
from any emperor or foreign Power, he shall
cease to be a citizen of the United Stales, and
shall be incapable of holding any office of trust
or profit under them or either of them.'' In
his praver the petitioner asks Congress to carry
out this constitutional provision and enforce
it against persons who have held office under
the rebel government, taking care that by act
of Congress in pursuance of the Constitution
they shall hereafter be disfranchised. I ask
the reference of this petition to the committee
on reconstruction.
It was so refeired.
Mr. GRUMES presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa pvaymg for an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, providing
that no Stale shall make any distinction in
civil rights and privileges among the natural-
ized citizens of the United States, or among
persons bom on its soil, on account of race,
color, or descent; which was referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I present the petition
of Budd & Sharp, and of Bucke & Leather-
berry, in which they state that they are en-
gaged in the manufacture of agricultural im-
plements at Middletown, in the county of New
Castle, State of Delaware, and they pray to be
relieved from the excessive duplication of taxes
which now bears so heavily upon that branch
of industry. As the law now stands, in the
manufacture of harvesters, they pay taxes upon
castings, large and small, and upon knives
and other parts of the cutting apparatus, first
on the parts separately, and then again upon
the finished machine, without any deduction
for taxes previously paid on such parts. The
same is true, to a large extent, with other im-
plements. This, they think, is manifestly un-
just, and contrary to the principles which pre-
vail in the taxation of most other manufactures.
They also pray that a declaratory act or amend-
ment of the law may be passed which will allow
them, in making returns, to deduct the value
of any and all parts of the machinery which
have already paid a tax, particularly where
such parts have been specially made for and
adapted to the same. I move that this petition
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the im-
provement of the navigation of the rapids of
the Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
manufacturers ofagricultural implements, pray-
ing for a reduction of the Lax on sales of their
manufactures ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of Rev.
J. IT. Merchant, and others, citizens of Butler
county. Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States as will forever prohibit any State from
making any distinction in civil rights and priv-
ileges among citizens of the United States on
account of race, color, or descent; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee 011
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Alonzo Morse, praying for payment for certain
United States notes alleged to have been lost
by the burning of his dwelling on or about the
6th day of duly last, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
ICO) to continue in force the Bureau for the
Ilelief of Freedmen and Refugees; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
( No. 161) to indemnify the State of Kansas for
1 expenses incurred in enrolling, equipping, sub-
j sisting. and transporting the militia forces of
the State in repelling rebel invasion and In-
! dian incursion in the year 1SG4; which was
! read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
j mittee 011 Military Affairs and the Militia, and
! ordered to be printed.
! Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
1 consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
| No. 102) to secure the speedy construction of
I the Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph:
| which was read twice by its title, and referred
i to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
! sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
! 1C3) to authorize the Milwaukee and Prairie
• Du Cliien Railway Company to construct a
| bridge across the "Mississippi river and estab-
1 lish a post route ; which was read twice by its
I title, and referred to the Committee on Post
I Offices and Post Roads.
I He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a; bilT(S; No. 164)
for the relief of Alois Klaus; wMch was read
twice by its title, and with the accompanying
papers presented by him was referred to the
Committee on Claims. . ;
government telegram mutss.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee on Post; Of-
fices and Post Roads, who were directed,by a
resolution of the Senate to inquire into the &a-
sibilityandusefalnessof establishing in connec-
tion with the Post Office Department telegraph
lines along such of the principal mail routes as
may be deemedadvisable, have directed me to
report a resolution; and as the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Brown] desires, I believe, to
address the Senate upon the subject, I ask that
it may be considered at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pres-
ent consideration of the resolution is asked for.
Is there any objection?
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read for infor-
mation.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby, requested to lay before the Senate sueh in-
formation as he may have in his possession or may be
able to collect in regard to the feasibility and useful-
ness of establishing in connection with the PosVOftteo
Department telegraph lines along such of the princi-
pal mail routes as may be deemed advisable for use
by the Government, and to be open for public use at
minimum rates of charge, accompanied by such sug-
gestions and considerations as would contribute to the
efficiency of such an extension of the post office sys-
tem to telegraphic purposes, and sueh statistics and
exhibits predicated on cost of construction and capa-
city of transmission as will best illustrate its practi-
cability.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the resolu-
tion offered by myself, some days since, upon
this subject, was as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads bo instructed to inquir(j^nto the expedi-
ency of authorizing the Post Office Department, to
construct and operate telegraph lines along the prin-
cipal mail routes, or such of them as it may deem
necessary, or to contract with such lines as may bo
already established, if that shall be deemed more ad-
visable, for the use and control of such lines; and, in
connection with the postal business, to establish of-
fices at such points as maybe determined upo.n, open
at all hours to the public and the press, for Safe and
speedy transmission of dispatches, under proper regu-
lations and at fixed minimum rates; the committee
to leport by bill or otherwise.
The committee having acted upon this mat-
ter, have concluded to report back a resolution
calling upon the Postmaster General for such
data and statistical information and such views
concerning the expediency of an extension of
postal business in the direction of furnishing
telegraphic facilities as he may desire to sub-
mit in connection therewith.
I think, sir, that in this the committee have
acted wisely. What is needed before such an
enterprise shall be entered upon is informa-
tion, and that, I am sure, the Post Office De-
partment, with reasonable effort, can supply to
the Senate. Indeed, I may add, that from a
conversation had with the Postmaster General
011 this subject, I believe he will take great
interest in developing the whole subject.
Mr. President, while I shall not enter fully
into an examination of this whole subject on
a preliminary motion, yet I desire to present
in brief some of the principal reasons that
occur to me in advocating this proposition of
establishing telegraph lines along the main
routes in connection with the post office sys-
tem and open to the public at the cheapest
rates. They are—
1. They could be predicated on the post of-
fice principle, and have a uniform rate through-
out the country and a single price for all dis-
tances ; the short thus equalizing the long, and
the surplus of highly profitable lines enabling
an extension of lines on poorer routes, until all
parts of the country could be brought into the
telegraphic circuit.
2. Cheapening the price would vastly enlarge
the business of telegraphing, and sueh increase
would insure method and facilities and court-
esies commensurate with the public demand.
Besides, one established route, controlled by
