2900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
as much opposed to a bill of pains and penal-
ties, or to the exercise of judicial power by
Congress through the medium of an amend-
ment to the Constitution, as I am opposed to
it in an act of Congress where it is expressly
forbidden, and in any vote which I give upon
propositions to modify this section I do not,
wish to be understood as being willing to vote
for that principle in any event.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resnlted—yeas 10, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan. Davis, Doolittle,
Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Kiddle, and
Saulsbury—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomcroy, Ilamsey, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, McDougall, Nes-
mith, Sprague, Wright, and Yates—T.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now move to amend the
amendment by striking out in line thirty-three
the words u having previously taken"' and in-
serting "at any time within ten years preced-
ing the 1st of January, 18G1, had taken 5" so
as to make it read:
No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who at any time
within ten years preceding the 1st of January, 1861,
had taken an oath as a member of Congress, &e.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this proposi-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, -resulted—yeas 10, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,
Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Riddle, and
Saulsbury—10.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Crauin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes. Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe. Kirk-
vpood. Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Stewait, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
"Willey. Williams, and Wilson—32.
A JjS i-yXX—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, McDougall, Nes-
mith, Sprague, Wright, and Yates—7.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. HowiRD,] to insert the
words which have been read as the third sec-
tion of the proposed article of amendment to
the Constitution.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am induced, by a
remark made by the Senator from Ohio, to
make an inquiry. I understood him to say
that the meaning of the last clause of this sec-
tion, which clause tends to reconcile me to the
whole section, is that there can only be a gen-
eral removal of the disability by a general
amnesty; and although he did not say dis-
tinctly that there could not be a removal of the
disability in an individual case, I should like
to know what is the understanding, at least of
the mover of this proposition, in reference to
that point. This is to go into our Constitu-
tion and to stand to govern future insurrection
as well as the present; and I should like to
have that point definitely understood. I would
suggest, although I do not make the motion,
that instead of "two thirds of each House"
we should insert a majority of all the mem-
bers elected to each House." It strikes me
that it is -very difficult to get a two-thirds ma-
jority unless undei very peculiar circumstances
on anything, and that a majority of all the
members clected to each House, which is being
substituted for the two-thirds vote in many of
our State Legislatures, would be sufficient in
the present case.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understood the inquiry
put by the honorable Senator from West Vir-
ginia, it was whether the latter clause in sec-
tion three would not require a general act to
be passed by Congress removing the disabili-
ties in all cases. I do not so understand the
clause. I understand that the clause gives to
Congress full discretionary power to grant an
amnesty in an individual case, when applied
for, or a part of the whole. Any portion of
persons here proscribed may be pardoned, or
rather this disability may be removed as to
any portion of them in detail or in gross. In
short, I regard it as a discretionary authority
given to Congress, to be exercised by Con-
gress in individual instances, or in any other
form that Congress may see fit to exercise the
power. I entertain no doubt whatever th^t
such will be the construction that will be put
upon it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am entirely satis-
fied with the explanation; but I was induced
to make the inquiry by a remark of the Sena-
tor from Ohio, who, I supposed, spoke with
knowledge, that it only applied to a general
amnesty. The language certainly would cover
the removal of the disability in individual cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not hear the Sena-
tor from West V irginia, and I beg himto repeat
his statement.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I say I am satisfied
with the explanation made by the Senator from
Michigan; but I had understood the Senator
from Ohio while up a few moments ago to give
the last clause of this amendment the interpre-
tation that it would not be in the power of
Congress to remove the disability in individual
cases. I understood the Senator from Ohio to
say that Congress would have the power by a
general amnesty to remove this disability. The
Senator spoke generally. He may not have
intended to contradict the other power; and I
made the inquiry to be certain on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that the
larger power includes the other. The power
to make a general amnesty would include the
power to make an amnesty as to classes or par-
ticular individuals. I do not think there is any
doubt about that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word''House"
in the fortieth line, the words " and the Presi-
dent may by the exercising of the pardoning
power;" so as to make the clause read :
Congress may by a votG of two thirds of each
House, ancl the President may by the exercise of
the pardoning power, remove such disability.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 32; as follows:
YCAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, CowanvDavis, Doolit-
tle, Guthiie, Hendric-ks, John&on, Norton, Riddle,
and Saulsbury—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Crairin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris Henderson, Howaid, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lone of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye, Poland. Pomerov, Ramsey, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van 'Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—32.
ABSENT—Me^rs. Brown, Dixon, MeDougall.Nes-
mith, Sprague, Wright, and Yates—7.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Michigan to insert certain words
as the third section.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state briefly why
I cannot vote for this amendment as a substi-
tute for the third section of the resolution
which has been stricken out. My first reason
is that by a law of Congress now all persons
mentioned in this section are excluded from
holding any of these offices. The oath that is
required by a law of Congress to be taken by
every person holding an office under the United
States 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that prevent their
holding a State office?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No; it does not prevent
the holding of a State office, but it prevents
them from holding any office under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and that is as
far as I think we ought to go. No person can
be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or
an clector of President and Vice President,
or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, under the law as it now stands,
who does not take an oath that he has not par-
ticipated in the rebellion. The oath which we
require at their hands prevents any such per-
sons from holding any such offices. That law
is upon our statute-book. That law will remain
upon the statute-book just as long as Congress
in its judgment shall think best to retain it.
And, sir, there is, in my_ judgment, no danger
whatever, no apprehension, that that law will
be taken from our statute-book so long as the
public interests require that it should there
remain. Therefore, in my judgment, it is not
necessary to adopt any such constitutional
amendment, because this amendment contains
a clause putting it in the power of Congress to
put an end to the effect of this provision. It
is true that it requires two thirds of Congress
in order to do it, whereas under the law as it
now stands a majority of Congress could change
the existing law on that subject. What I main-
tain is this: Congress is the representative of
the American people; Congress speaks the will
of the American people, and I do not think
that it is in accordance with our system of gov-
ernment, which presumes that Congress speaks
for the people, to suppose that a majority of
Congress will repeal this oath until a majority
of the people of the United States are in favor
of doing so; and when a majority of the people
are in favor of universal amnesty they have a
right to express that opinion and to have uni-
versal amnesty.
I undertake to say that upon no principle
of statesmanship or Christianity, whether you
derive your conclusions from the experience
of history, the teachings of Christianity, or the
teachings of a wise statesmanship, can you
desire to retain in this country any consider-
able portion of its people wdio shall be under
the ban of eternal proscription. What, Mr.
President, is the duty of the Government, hav-
ing suppressed the rebellion ? It is to p«nish
the guilty leaders under the law of the land ;
it is to bring them to punishment; and the
duty of Congress is, if there is anything which
stands in the way and which Congress can
remove, to pass sueh laws as may expedite
the trials of the great offenders. The great
offenders should be tried and punished, and
those that you do not try and do not punish
should not be held under proscription, the
unrelenting, eternal enemies of the Republic.
Again, Mr. President, this provision, if it
passes, will have the effect of putting a new
punishment, not prescribed by the laws, upon
all those persons who are embraced within its
provisions. Nobody can doubt that. It is in
the nature of a bill of pains and penalties, im-
posed by constitutional enactment it is true, but
it is a punishment different from the punish-
ment now prescribed by law. What is the
effect of adopting it? What is the legal effect
of adopting a new punishment for an offense
which has already been committed? It repeals
the old punishment, and that cannot be in-
flicted. If to-day the punishment for the crime
of murder is death, and to-morrow you change
your punishment to imprisonment for life, the
old penalty is repealed; it cannot be inflicted
upon a culprit who has been guilty previous to
the passage of the law. Sueh has been decided
by the courts many times to bo the law; and if
by a constitutional amendment you impose a
new punishment upon a class of offenders who
are guilty of crime already, you wipe out the
old punishment as to them, not as to those who
are not embraced within this. This only em-
braces a particular class of individuals who
have taken an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States. Now7, I do not propose
to wipe out the penalties that these men have
incurred by their treason against the Govern-
ment; but I would punish a sufficient number
of them to make treason odious. I would pun-
ish the leaders, those who were instrumental
in bringing on this rebellion; but to the masses
I would give amnesty.
Mr. NYE. How many would you like to
hang?
