1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
soldier and the party thereto. That does not
clearly appear in the section drawn" up by the
Senator from Vermont, and it may arise in
eases where there is no widow or where the
wife is dead; so that it would let in the same
kind of proof of marriage in the ease of the
children applying for a pension to 'which they
would be entitled tfnder the law, as in the case
of the widow.
It will be observed that the proviso declares:
That if any such soldier or sailor and the woman
alleged to be his widow resided previously to the
enlistment of the former in any State in which the
marriage between them might have been legally
solemnized the usual evidence of marriage shall be
required.
I have there introduced the words "previ-
ously to the enlistment," which I explained a
moment since.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask whether
that is to be evidence that there is no other wife
entitled to claim a pension.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The section of the
law as it now stands provides that it is to be
proved by the affidavits of credible witnesses,
which wonld necessarily imply two witnesses.
I have changed that in this amendment, so as
to make it proof satisfactory to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions. If the man and woman
have lived together for two years next preced-
ing the enlistment of the man, and recognized
each other as man and wife, that is to be re-
ceived as sufficient proof of marriage when that
fact is established.
Mr. JOHNSON. But what I want to know,
with the indulgence of my friend from West
Virginia, is, whether that is to be considered
as evidence that there is no other wife. It is
only evidence that she was the last wife; but
these people—because of the condition in which
they have been placed in the past, not knowing
there was any immorality in it, and being pro-
hibited to some extent from marrying at all—
were in the habit of having some four or five
wives. As they were sold from master to mas-
ter, or went from State to State, they con-
tracted, according to their mode of contract-
ing, a marriage. Many of these men I suppose
really have wives, in the sense in which the
term is used in this amendment, in half a dozen
of the States. I wanted to know whether the
amendment provides that it is to be the last
only who is to receive the pension, so as to
exclude antecedent ones.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Yes, sir. The Sen-
ator from Maryland is well aware, I presume,
though many Senators may not be, that in the
State of Virginia, for instance, there was no
law prohibiting the marriage of slaves, but the
common law would not recognize a contract
made by a slave, either of marriage or any-
thing else. They were, while slaves, in the
habit of going through the forms of marriage.
Some other negro would perhaps read from
the printed ceremonies of one of the churches,
and they acknowledged one another as man and
wife, and, if virtuously inclined, lived together
as man and wife, and conducted themselves
seemly in that regard. They had, as the Sen-
ator from Maryland says, the idea that when
they changed their location they could take
another wife; and they have been doing it not
very far from here, even since the war com-
menced. They are now getting the knowledge
that the ceremony must be solemnized between
them, or they will not be recognized; and that
great evil of the system of slavery will, of
course, cease. It would be hard, where a man
and woman have lived together, considering
themselves as man and wife, raising children
and recognizing them as their children, that
this woman, who was a wife in everything ex-
cept the legal ceremony, and the children who,
if that marriage could be recognized, were legit-
imate children, should be cut off from the ben-
efit of the pension laws on account of this want
of formality in the marriage of the parents.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does not
understand me. I do not want to cut them
off at all. I only want to know whether more
than one woman can receive a pension for the
services of one man.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Certainly not, only
the woman with whom he lived a definite
period, at least two years next preceding his
enlistment. Those provisions are in the law
already. I merely want to expand them a
little so as to apply them a little further. As
Senators are getting impatient, and as this
subject may be one, looking at the source from
which it comes, that should receive further
investigation, I will move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until Mon-
day next, and that in the meanwhile this
amendment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not. I ask the Sen-
ator to withdraw the motion. It is very impor-
tant that we should have an executive session
for a few moments, and if the Senator from
Missouri will withdraw the motion to adjourn,
I will make that motion.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move than the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fkiday, April 13, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
steamer diana.
Mr. DENNY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to issue an American register to
the steamer Diana; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
cholera.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, moved that the Committee on
Commerce be instructed to inquire what legis-
lation, if any, is necessary to prevent the intro-
duction of the cholera into the ports of the Uni-
ted States.
The motion was agreed to.
leave op absence.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. As I am somewhat
unwell, I ask leave of absence for one week.
There was no objection, and it was granted
accordingly.
committee on territories.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I was absent yes-
terday when the Committee on Territories was
called. I ask now that it shall have two morn-
ing hours week after next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
two morning hours, as it has already had one.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It will displace no
other committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I leave
that matter to be decided when it comes up.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Say Thursday
week.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose they are not called,
will they come in?
The SPEAKER. The committee is now
being called; it will come in again next Tues-
day. The Chair hears no objection, and the
committee will have next Thursday week.
personal explanation.
Mr. .SCOFIELD. I ask leave to make a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] asks unanimous con-
sent to make a personal explanation. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I find in the Titusville
Herald of April 9, 1866, a report signed by
J. T. Sawyer and E. W. Matthews, a commit-
tee, so styling themselves, of the oil producers
of western Pennsylvania. They state in that
report that they eame to Washington on the
12th of February, and remained here until the
24th of March, using their best endeavors to
secure the repeal of the tax on crude petro-
leum. In another part of their report it is
stated that they found on the part of the Rep-
resentatives from western Pennsylvania entire
indifference to the petroleum interest, and they
conclude thus:
"Thus it appears that the producers of petroleum
in Pennsylvania are not represented by men from
their own vicinity, not even by men from their own
State, but they are almost exclusively dependent for
the protection of their interests in Congress upon the
courtesy of Representatives from other States, among
whom General James A. Gakfif/ld, of Ohio, is par-
ticularly deserving of the gratitude of every inhab-
itant of this section of country,since whatever pros-
pects there may be for the repeal of this burdensome
tax, they are due to his faithful and persistent efforts,
and from present appearances ho is the only advocate
of this measure through whom any relief may be
expected in the future."
I wish to say, in relation to this, that prior to
the 12th day of Februai^, when this committee
say they came here, upon consultation with the
chairman of the Committeeof Ways and Means,
I was informed that the entire tax upon crude
petroleum would be removed by the commit-
tee. The chairman said that that was his own
opinion, and from his consultation with the
other members of the committee he was sure
that it would be agreed to.
I never saw Mr. Matthews to my recollection,
and Mr. Sawyer only once, and then he called
me out during the session of the House. I
gave him then the information which I had
derived from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I never saw him again, and
as it was unnecessary for him to remain, I sup-
posed he had gone home. This charge of neg-
ligence against the Representatives of western
Pennsylvania, (I can speak not only for myself,
but my colleagues also) is entirely groundless.
I have frequently consulted with them upon the
subject, and all agreed in pressing the removal
of the tax on crude' petroleum. I wish now
to ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, who knows something of what I
have done in relation to this subject, whether
I have, either at this session or during the last
Congress, neglected in any way the interest of
the oil producers, and whether I have not on
all occasions, in season and out of season,
beset them to remove this tax on crude petro-
leum as well as reduce that on refined.
Mr. MORRILL. Those members who were
present whenever this subject has been acted
upon heretofore will all bear witness to the
zeal of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scopield] in endeavoring to remove or to re-
duce the tax upon petroleum. Early in the
present session he was several times at my
desk in relation to this subject, and I gave him
distinctly to understand that it was in my
opinion the intention of the Committee of
Ways and Means to entirely remove the tax
on crude petroleum, and he need therefore
have no anxiety on the subject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the last
Congress [Mr. Stevens] a similar question.
Mr. STEVENS. We all recollect—all the
members of the committee—that during the
last Congress we were, I will not say im-
portuned, but very much visited by the gen-
tleman from the Erie district [Mr. Scofield]
upon this subject, protesting against the tax
we were then about to put upon crude petro-
leum. The committee, however, agreed to the
tax finally fixed, and it may be within the
recollection of others than myself that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
made not only a persistent but some of us
thought unreasonable effort to have the tax
reduced or taken off. And I will say further,
although he may not think it much in his
praise, that when he did not succeed he be-
came somewhat offended, and by several sub-
sequent motions which were made sought to
retaliate upon those who went against him on
the taxing of petroleum. I thought for one
that he was too persistent in his efforts in favor
of that interest.
