3860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
of the mightiest interests belonging to this na-
tion. If, for instance, I pursued the policy of
saving the greatest amount of money in the
present hour and at the present time and at
the present day to the people that I in part
represent here, I would vote against all pro-
tective duties, because there is no State per-
haps in the Union where there is less capital
engaged in manufactures than in the State that
I represent, the State of California. There
are no people in this Union that pay so high
a tax proportionably to their numbers in the
shape of imposts upon goods sent into the State
for consumption. But, Mr. President, in my
votes upon that subject I am not guided nor
governed by what I call the immediate inter-
ests of the people of California, but feel my-
self rather controlled to support a policy which
is the best policy for our nation, the best pol-
icy for every part of it, and eventually the very
best and wisest policy and the highest states-
manship for California—that policy which shall
induce them to vary their industry, to invest
their capital in manufactures, and to become
eventually their own suppliers and the pur-
chasers from their own people.
_But, sir, enougli of that. It appears to me
that that policy should govern us in all things,
and I wish it did govern all in regard to the
questions that come before the American Con-
gress. We should then have less of State
rights; we should have less of particular meas-
ures in support of particular interests than we
now have. We have now before us a measure
which contemplates, what ? Merely making a
short voyage to the ports of Japan and China?
Merely making a voyage to the Sandwich isl-
ands? No, sir. The object and purpose of
the establishment of the great line that wo are
now discussing was that it might gra.->p and
seize from foreign hands the mighty trade of
the East Indies aud deposit that trade at a
near and early day in the hands of our people
and nation, thereby enriching us, according to
the calculations of wise men, a hundred or a
thousand fold.
But, sir, it happened that in the contract
originally made this line was required to stop
al the Sandwich Islands; and now a release is
asked from that part of the contract because it
is found that it will extend the voyage so as
materially to embarrass, if not entirely defeat,
the great project and measure. But, say gen-
tlemen, if these parties are released in this
respect they should also consent to the reduc-
tion of the subsidy that they obtained from
Congress in the contract existing. Why, sir,
I would agree to that instantly, and favor such
a proposition ; nay, would have introduced it
originally, if by the release the expenses of
these voyages, the expenses of the great cru-
sade against other nations for commercial su-
premacy in those great oceans were to be
reduced ; hut the fact is that they are to be
increased ; and if the amendment proposed
to be offered by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts be adopted, reducing the time
within which those voyages shall be made ten
days or eight days or seven days, necessarily
the speed will be increased upon those ships
and the expenditure proportionably increased:
so that in place of making cheaper voyages to
this company, you make at once more expen-
sive voyages to them; for no person here, I
apprehend, is such a tyro in reference to the
management of a steam marine as not to know
that in proportion as you increase the speed
yon likewise, proportionally, increase the ex-
penditures.
But there is a fear that we may be asked
hereafter to make an appropriation of $50,000
per annum for a connection between San Fran-
cisco and the Sandwich Islands. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not appear here in behalf of the
compan}' who have made this contract; but I
apjjear here in behalf, and speak in behalf, of
the great interests that induced the establish-
ment of the line and the making of the con-
tract; and if the success of that great measure
is to depend upon this release, and upon a sub-
sequent appropriation of $50,000 annually, I
say it is but a mere bagatelle compared to the
great national gain. W e talk of passing meas-
ures for public improvement for the purpose
and with a view of increasing the national
resources. I ask gentlemen whose object it is
to bring money into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States what measure can be proposed that
will accomplish that with more certainty than
giving us supremacy in these new commercial
lields.
But, Mr. President, I cannot pursue this lino
of discussion or take up the time of the Senate.
I am only astonished .that any number of Sen-
ators should be found who would oppose the
proposed release, for it is virtually an opposi-
tion to the very purposes of the establishment
of this line.
The honorable Senator from Iowa, when he
was on the floor, told us that the British Gov-
ernment required their ships to touch at their
naval stations. They do require some of their
ships to touch at naval stations in the West
Indies and elsewhere; but which of their
steamers do they require to touch at those sta-
tions ? Are they those engaged with rival lines
seeking for commercial supremacy ? No, sir.
And you might as well require and expect this
line to fill the purpose of its institution by stop-
ping at the Sandwich Islands as the British
Government should expect to maintain the
supremacy of the Cunard line and at the same
time require them to touch at the Bermudas
or at Nassau.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator be
good enough to inform me what rival line there
is from San Francisco to China?
Mr. CONNESS. The rival lines to this are
already in existence, and have been for years
and years, and the Senator must know it. The
time made by one of the rival lines, now, from
Shanghai to London is fifty-five days, by way
of the Isthiflus of Suez. The time made by
another line, by way of Marseilles, is forty-
seven days. Give us this release; give this
company an opportunity to plow the deep at
the rate they will by this graud line, and your
passage will be made from Hong Iiong and
Shanghai to San Francisco in less than twenty
days,, and from San Francisco to New York in
twenty days, making forty days altogether, thus
at once, and before the construction of the Paci-
fic railroad, overcoming the European lines.
Why, sir, we are now receiving from those parts
of Japan and China the silks and the teas that
are laid down in New York through English
merchants and paying profits to English mer-
chants in that trade. Is there anybody who
cannot favor the change of these great com-
mercial currents ? A grasp of the subject seems
to me to be only necessary to see the great ad-
vantage.
But the Senator fears that we shall call for
$50,000 annually for steam communication
between San Francisco and the Sandwich Isl-
ands. Well, Mr. President, " Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof."
On one point more a word, and I am done.
This company did not bid for this contract at
less than the subsidy offered. They would not
have made a bid for less. They had no com-
petitors, although it was advertised for months
and announced that it would be given to the
lowest responsible bidder, which proved that
no other company would engage to do the
service for the subsidy offered. They not only
engaged in it, but engaged in it upon a scale
that is creditable to the American name and
character and to the age in which we live.
I hope, Mr. President, that the amendment
offered by the Senatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] will not be accepted by the Senate.
1 am willing to accept, so far as I am concerned,
the amendment offered by the other Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] but would
advise that in place of reducing the time ten
days he reduce it eight days. It is the object
of the company, I say to him and to the Sen-
ate, to make the least possible time. They are
building the ships to do it with, and they will not
fail of success if you give them the incentive.
Mr. SUMNEH. In selecting ten days, I
rather followed what seemed to be the testi-
mony of Admiral Davis; I thought that possi-
bly ten days would not be too much ; but 1 wish
to make the provision one that shall be agree-
able to the Senator from California.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sena-
tor that his amendment amounts to nothing,
because the bill itself under which the contract
was made only provides for twelve round trips,
and does not fix the time within which they
shall be made. To make the time ten days
shorter than nothing would amount to nothing.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say that the length
of the voyage from the port which these ships
shall leave to the port at which the goods are
delivered is the point that commerce seeks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment does
not reach that at all.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa sug-
gests to me that if I require two additional trips
I shall accomplish something ; but that would
be obviously requiring too much.
Mr. GRIMES. Why so ? If, as the Senator
says, Admiral Davis thinks they can make ten
days' shorter time than they would make now,
then the time gained, twelve times ten, would
enable them to make two additional trips and
have some extra time left over.
Mr. CONNESS. I think Admiral Davis's
calculation was seven days, not ten.
Mr. GRIMES. That would enable them to
make two additional trips, and have ten days
left over.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that this whole
matter can be left with the greatest possible
safety to the company that'have engaged in this
business. The Senator from Maine smiles. I
am convinced, nevertheless, from my acquaint-
ance with the scale on which they are entering
on this work, that their object, their determi-
nation, is to make it a success over other na-
tions, and that, without any restriction, they
will reach the goal of success.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I will
take occasion to remark here that there has
been a struggle on the part of Great Britain
and on the part of France and on the part of
Russia to obtain command of the commerce
of the Pacific, and, obtaining the command of
the commerce of the Pacific the command of
China and India. We have been at fault in
not maintaining a positive policy. Our diplo-
matic relations with the countries on the Pacific
have not been equal to those of other States.
It is time that we should go to work to main-
tain ourselves firmly there and command that
commerce. A gentleman who went from Bos-
ton to China, an eminent merchant, was at
Hong Kong, where he talked with a tea mer-
chant from the interior who was worth a hun-
dred millions. Said he. " You must be a very
important man in your part of the country."
"No," he replied, "the salt merchants do not
recognize me." Sir, the silver and gold of the
world have been poured in the*re for eighteen
or twenty centuries. They are there now,
and the trade of those countries is sought for
by all the intelligent States of Europe. Por-
tugal made great effoils for it at onetime;
Holland did at one time; England has done
it since; and France is trying for it now, as
she has got relations with Siam. We have by
right, by right of power, the command of
China and India and the islands of the Pacific
—the greatest field for commerce that the world
has known.
Questioning about these small things is ques-
tioning about cents when millions are involved ;
and a subsidy of $500,000, in regard to its rela-
tions to our country and its wealth, is a mere
bagatelle. What is the wealth of our country?
It is the wealth of individuals, not the wealth
of the State, for from individuals in a republic-
an Government comes the material that makes
and maintains the State. If we can command
the commerce of the Pacific we shall command
a wealth that cannot be responded to by any
part of Europe, and by our communications
with Europe can make it our own, possess it
ourselves; and every enterprise that tends in
that direction is strengthening our Republic.
