mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Government and thrown ojjen to the public at
minimum rates, would go far to insure reduc-
tion in telegraph extortion everywhere. It
would both establish a fair scale of charges and
hold up a threat that would give public opinion
some control over consolidated lines that now
have it all their own way.
3. The monopolies that now control the dis-
semination of news to the public press by
controlling the lines would be broken up and
newspaper enterprise would be thrown open
to the whole country instead of being concen-
trated in the hands of a few journals in the
city of New York. Moreover, it would then
be possible, which now it is not, to supply the
country at its great commercial centers with a
correct abstract of the proceedings of Congress
at a trifling cost and with infinite advantage to
the nation.
4. Government would not only save all the
present annual cost of telegraphing connected
with all its Departments, which amounts to a
vast sum in the aggregate, but the great mod-
ern method of transmitting intelligence would
be brought into harmony with the public inter-
est, for now the policy of the companies, con-
federated as they are, lies in high rates for a
limited business, whereas then it would be the
reverse, or cheap rates with the greatest possi-
ble extension of intercourse.
5. The certainty, fullness, and variety of spe-
cial dispatches would rival the written corre-
spondence of the press, for that correspondence
could go as cheaply by telegraph as by post,
and the country would no longer be daily de-
moralized by the simultaneous issue all over
the land of an associated dispatch that is a
travesty of the truth, and that is liable to be
used for interested and sinister purposes to rig
the markets or corrode the conscience of the
nation.
Mr. President, against all the obvious policy
why this extension of telegraph facility to the
public by cheap postal lines should be adopted,
there are urged only these two reasons: that
the amounts invested by individuals in such
enterprise would be thereby much impaired
if not destroyed; and that it is always best to
leave such matters to spontaneous or individ-
ual competition, affirming that the post office
itself" would be more cheaply managed in pri-
vate hands.
To the first, I will only say that whenever the
Government shall begin the construction of tele-
graph lines it will be time enough to ascertain
truthfully the losses thai, individuals may there-
by sustain, or it may avoid all contingent damage
by buying out present lines Irom time to time
at reasonable rates.
To the second 1 respond tjiat there is no com-
petition now in the telegraph system, and can-
not be any unless the government interposes.
It is perhaps known to many that almost, the
whole of the telegraph lines are consolidated
into ostensibly two giant concerns, the "West-
ern Union" covering the western lines, the
"American Telegraph Company" covering the
eastern. It is said, however, that the large
stockholders own into each to such an extent
as to make them virtually one, and one that rules
despotically, precludes all lateral connections,
fixes its own tarilF, and, according to the au-
thority of Mr. l'rescott, will let no one but the
Associated Press, another giant monopoly, send
any special dispatch or news to any paper ex-
cept from Washington and Albany. As these
two companies do not traverse each other's
ground, as I he Associated Press monopolizes
both, there is no benefit of competition here,
which is the only ground on which the claim
for leaving the telegraph to private enterprise
is reposed. It is sealed against it as much as
Brigham Young's heaven against a rebellious
wife. Sow, mark the result. It was estimated
in 1861 that there were fifty thousand miles of
telegraph in the United States, of which per-
haps thirty thousand miles were in the loyal
States. These thirty thousand miles, at $02 80
XT mile, would have cost $1,884,000. There
ins, perhaps, been no very extensive addition
made since then, except the line to the Pacific,
say two thousand miles, which even at an en-
hanced price of say $150 per mile would have
cost $300,000. This gives a total of little more
than $2,000,000, yet, if report be true, this is
expanded into what is represented as a fifty
million capital stock, on which the most enor-
mous dividends are paid, or may be paid, as I
shall presently show.
Mr. President, I do not profess to be an ex-
pert in telegraphic matters, and therefore for
illustration I must refer to an authority that will
not be questioned. I hold in my hand the
latest and fullest publication on the subject,
being a work by George B. Prescott, Super-
intendent of the Electric Telegraph lines, pub-
lished in Boston in 1860. Its statements are
very exact and may be relied on. I wish to
show therefore what the cost of construction
of these lines is. On page 270 he gives the
following as the price of materials used and
expense of erection per mile:
No. 9 iron wire, 1} cents per pound, 320 pounds per
mile $21 80
30 posts atSO cents    24 00
30,insulators at 20 cents  6 00
Setting posts per raile    00
Putting up the wiro....  2 00
Total cost per mile SSI 80
This is about the eostof construction of amajority
of our lines. If additional wires aro added each wire
put up would be pur mile $32 80._
The cost of instruments, batteries, &c., is as follows:
Morse register   £30 00
Morse relay magnet    15 00
Key :  4 00
Local battery  3 00
$52 00
Now, let us see what the cost of a lino of
telegraph, with say six wires, from Washington
city to New York, that is, 210 miles, would
amount to at those prices:
2-10 miles of line at SGI 80 per milo Sit,832 00
5 additional wires at $32 80 per milo each
for 210 miles     30,360 00
100 cells Grove buttery at 91 50  150 00
50 stations at $52 each for apparatus  2,000 00
$50,942 00
hi
Telegraphs properly constructed, the timber
well prepared and wire protected, will last, for
twenty years. It may be fairly set down, then,
that a net profit of ten per cent, would more
than cover repairs and reimburse outlay to the
Government.
Ten per cent, profit, on cost of construction, $5,094 20
Salaries of operators at Washington city. 9,000 00
" " "New Yoik  9,000 00
Incidental expense, stationery, <fce  2,0'i0 00
Total expense per annum..
..$25,091 20
Govermnent.already having offices, furniture,
help, See., and it being believed that way sta-
tions will support themselves by their local
business, this estimate is confined to the opera-
tion of a through line.
Of the capacity of such a lino to transmit,
messages it may be said that much depends on
the instrument used—more, however, on the
skill of the operator. Thus the work of Mr.
PrcKeott states that the "Bain" instrument
will transmit over five thousand words an hour,
the ''House" three thousand words, the '• Com-
bination" system two thousand words, and the
" Morse" about, thesame. The " Combination"
is the system now in general use, and, to use
his own language—
"An ordinarily expert operator can easily transmit
two thousand words an hour by it, and those well
skilled much more. Mr. Barret, one of the Boston
operators, has sent news for tbe press at. the rate of
twcnty-ciffht hundred words an hour partly abbre-
viated, and at the rato of twenty-five hundred when
printed in full."
The capacity of a line such as that from
Washington city to New York, with six wires
and working only half the time, or twelve hours,
at an average speed of two thousand words,
may be thus set forth :
6 X 12 x 2,000 X 305=52,660,000 words per
annum.
It becomes evident, therefore, that this num-
ber of words, fifty-two million five hundred and
sixty thousand, divided into the minimum cost
of operating the line, $25,694 20, will give the
charge per word at which the Government could
do the public telegraphing without loss. This
division results in about one twentieth of a cent
a word, or twenty words for a cent, or sixty
words for three cents, the cost of a postage
stamp. The average of business letters, how-
ever, will not exceed sixty words, so that from
this simple calculation it will appear that the
telegraphic charges oh ordinary commercial
correspondence may be made as inexpensive
as the present postal rates. In other words,
the post office on wire will be cheaper than the
post office on rail.
Take another view of this subject in connec-
tion with the same data. Compare what might
be the low price and vast diffusion of telegraph
facilities with the high rates and close monopoly
that now obtains. Recall the figures illustrating
the cost of construction and operating a line
from New York to Washington:
Cost of construction, $56,8-12 ; operating ex-
pense perannum $25,694 20; capacity of trans-
mission yearly, 52,560,000 words.
Those fifty-odd million words, at the adver-
tised rates put up in the offices, that is, from
Washington cit.y to NewYorkcity, seventy-five
cents for the first ten words and six cents a
word for every subsequent one, would give
52,560,000 x<? = $3,153,600 00, or more than
three million dollars net income on an invest-
ment of less than eighty thousand dollars cash.
I submit whether the public have not a right
to be protected by the Government against so
enormous a taxation on its rightful postal facili-
ties, for telegraphs aro nothing else. It is be-
lieved that-the enormous increase of business
that would result from reducing the price by
post office telegraph lines to a minimum would
keep all such lines worked to their full capacity.
On the other hand, it is admitted that the pres-
ent lines arc not worked to their full capacity,
and do not get returns so disproportionate as
those just shown because theirs is a policy of
limited business and high charges.
In conclusion I have only to remark that as
the expiration of the patents which cover the
principal instruments used will goon occur, 1868
I believe, and as the modes of transmission now
meet the requirements of the postal service—
printed dispatches by the "House" system, fac-
simile of handwriting executed by the Bake-
well copying telegraph, and combination cipher
writing, so that even the operator cannot read
it—by those processes so much developed dur-
ing the war there is no exccuse for reluctance
in the Post Office Department to avail itself of
the present opportunities and keep up with the
spirit of the age.
Mr. President, I do not anticipate that there
will be any objection to this resolution. It is
simply a resolution of inquiry asking for infor-
mation from the Department, and I therefore
trust that it will be put on its passage.
The resolution was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a joint resolution
for the transfer of funds appropriated for the
payment of salaries in the Post Office Depart-
ment to the general salary account of that
Department., have instructed me to report it
back and recommcnd its passage. It is a mat-
ter that will excite no debate, I imagine, and
to which there will be no objection. I think it
might as well be passed now.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 29) for the transfer of funds
appropriated for the payment of salaries in the
Post Office Department to the general salary
account of that Department, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment previously reported by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads was
to strike out the words " Congress as per," in
line five; so as to make the resolution read: .
Resolved, &c., That the unexpended balances on?
the books of the Treasury Department., from the re-
spective sums of money appropriated by different
acts of Congress, for the salaries of Postmaster Gen-
