1886.
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B8f>l
It is not worth while to argue this matter in
extenso. Argument will have no effect upon
those who have not studied political econom-
ical science well enough to know that devel-
opment.^ wealth, that the wealth of the indi-
vidual is the wealth of the State, that the
wealth of the community is the strength of
the community. We now owe, say, three or
four thousand million dollars. How are we
going to pay it V By taxation on a circum-
scribed line? -No. It is by bold, brave en-
terprise, by bringing the wealth of other lands
ana making it subject to our own land; and
those who do not understand the philosophy
of that policy have lost the lessons of history.
It was done in old Rome; it was done in Greece
before ; England has proved it well; it has
been our own sound policy, but we have not
yet been bold enough to throw off the shackles
on our enterprise. Out of enterprise grows
wealth ; out of that grows strength; out of
that grows the power of the Government. It
has been so all through history. If we could
only indoctrinate into this Government the
policy that England adopted long ago of sub-
sidizing vessels to run to all the ports of the
world so as to command their commerce, Eng-
land would be but simply an island in the sea,
' and we should be the great nation of the world.
That is all we want to do ; and if we are wise
w'e shall do it. It is written in every book, it
is the deduction of every sound thinker who
studies political economical science. We have
got the power, we have got the opportunity, to
command both the Atlantic and the Pacific
oceans and the Indian sea, and if we do not
do it we shall be false to our own great office.
Mr. WILSON. I have, what the Senator
from Iowa says he had not, a strong pressure
from two classes of men in my section of the
country who are interested in this line. The
one class desires the quickest communication
with China and Japan, and great interests are
involved in that. The other class desires com-
munication with the Sandwich Islands, and they
are very earnest and pressing in securing that
communication. Now, I am desirous of secur-
ing both of these ends. I believe that this
steamship company has entered upon this work
with the highest purposes and with the resolu-
tion to achieve the quickest communication
with China and Japan. My colleague is about
to modify his amendment so as to require the
company to make annually one more trip be-
tween California a,nd China. That will accom-
plish the desire of the commercial men of the
country, and in fact of the whole country, that
the most rapid communication that can be
made shall be made between the Paeilic coast
and China and Japan.
Now, sir, I propose to change the .amend-
ment which I offered the other day requiring
this company to put on a line between San
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands; I pro-
pose to modify it by giving for this service an
additional subsidy of §50.000 annually.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Pomehoy
in the chair.) The Chair understands that this
is a modification of the Senator's previous
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
so modified. It is in the Senator's power to
modify it, no action having been taken upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. But, as I understand my
colleague, he will now mdVe his amendment as
■ an addition to the resolution, not as a substi-
tute for it. As it was first offered it was a
substitute.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly my object is to
move it as an additional section.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Wilson as modified, which was to add the fol-
lowing as an additional section to the resolu-
tion :
Sf.c. 2. And be it further resolved. That the Pacific
Steamship Company is hereby authorized to estab-
lish a monthly steamship lino between San Francisco
and the Sandwich Islands, instead of touching at
Honolulu as required by law, with their steamships
engaged in carrying the mails between San Francisco
and China; and lor the service thus required there
shall be allowed an additional sum of $50,000 annually.
Mr. WILSON. It may be that Senators think
this is making an appropriation of $50,000
that we ought not to make. 1 certainly think
we ought to deal generously with this com-
pany. We ought to encourage them in the
work they have undertaken, and undertaken on
a larger scale than we expected or than we re-
quired of them. If now we require them to
make one more trip a year, and also require
them to make communication with the Sand-
wich Islands so that both objects will be
attained, I think an addition of $50,000 annu-
ally is a very small matter, and I think that
we had better settle it now, than to wait for
legislation at the next session of Congress.
Let the country understand that we have set-
tled this whole question, and that commu-
nication with China and with the Sandwich
Islands is to be completed at the earliest
possible day.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to modify my amend-
ment and put it in final form. I withdraw the
amendment whieh I offered and submit this to
come in at the end of the resolution:
And provided further, That in addition to the twelve
round voyages now required, one additional round
voyage shall be required.
Mr. CONNESS. There is only one objec-
tion that I see to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] in its
present shape ; and that is that it will bring on
this company what of course they would not
prefer, the charge that they undertake to mo-
nopolize the control of all the Government sub-
sidies in the Pacific ocean. There are other
steamship owners both East and West who, if
there was an opportunity to bid for a short ser-
vice to the Sandwich Islands, might, perhaps,
bid for it, though I doubt very much whether
any would at the amount proposed by the sec-
tion offered by the honorable Senator, namely,
$50,000 a year. The service has generally been
estimated to be worth about seventy thousand
dollars. I have no doubt this company would
be willing and able to perform the service
for the additional compensation proposed ; but
they would not prefer, and do not prefer, to
enter upon it, because they are now engaged in
the great line from San Francisco to New York
by the Isthmus of Panama; and when you add
to that the business of their line from San
Francisco to Japan and China and the field to
be traversed by it, the amount of capital en-
gaged, you will see that their hands are already
sufficiently filled. If there is any project that
they look to beyond these two, it is eventually
to putting on a line of their own across the
Atlantic, so that passengers may go upon their
ships either in Europe or at China and go
through by their lines.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I wish to say to the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
that as I understand his amendment, it does
not secure the trip to the Sandwich Islands.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, a monthly line.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. You authorize the com-
pany to run such a line and propose to give
them $50,000 if they do; but there is nothing
making it obligatory oil them that they shall do
it, nothing making it a condition of releasing
them from making the Sandwich Islands a
point on their round trip that they establish this
line.
Mr. "WILSON. I have modified it so as to
read, "authorized and required."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. How can you require
an outsider to do anything? You may make
it a condition that if they do not do it they are
to be still held to their former contract. You
may authorize me to run a line from San Fran-
cisco to the Sandwich Islands, and say you will
give me §50,000 a year if I do it. but if I do not
choose to do it you cannot make me do it.
Mr. WILSON. This is a joint resolution
proposing to change the terms of the original
eontract. The first section states the change
that is to be made, releasing them from the
requirement of stopping at the Sandwich Isl-
ands. Then this section comes in which makes
a new contract, and that is, that instead of
stopping at Honolulu, as was before provided,
they are authorized and required to run a
monthly line to the Sandwich Islands, and for
that service they are to receive in addition to
what they now receive the sum of $50,000 an-
nually. I think we shall secure both objects
by passing it in this form.
Mr, KIRKWOOD. I think I understand it.
The Government has made a contract with this
steamship company that they shall run a line
of vessels from San Francisco to China, pass-
ing by the Sandwich Islands, and that for that
service they shall receive $500,000 a year. A
contract has been made to that effect. Now,
the first section of this resolution proposes to
release them from that contract so far as it re-
quires them to touch at the Sandwich Islands.
The second section, which is offered as an
amendment, authorizes and requires them, as
modified, to establish a new line from San Fran-
cisco to the Sandwich Islands; but when you
change the original contract and do not make
the new requirement a condition, a part of the
contract, and have their assent to it before the
old contract is changed, you do not hold them,
to it. There cannot be any doubt about the
proposition. You propose to them that they
shall do this; you say they shall; but it is not
made a condition of the change of their con-
tract.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will have my
amendment read, I think he will see that it.
is so.
Mr. FOSTER, (Mr. PoMEROYin the chair.)
I move that this resolution be recommitted to
the committee that reported it and that the
subject be postponed until the next session of
Congress, the first Monday in December next.
I make this motion, not because I am hostile
to the measure in either of its aspects; that
is, with reference to trade between this coun-
try and China andJapan, ortrade between this
country and the Sandwich Islands; but friendly
to both, and am desirous that the interests of
both should be promoted to the extent of our
power.
It is very apparent that this measure is not
matured with reference to both these aspects.
As they now stand, they are antagonistic. They
can, as I believe, be harmonized and made to
promote each other. As the honorable Sena-
tor from Iowa [Mr. ICiekwood] has just sug-
gested, the proposition to allow or rather to
direct this company to send monthly a steamer
from San Francisco to the Sandwich Islands,
imposes no obligation, but as that section now
stands it would be optional with the company
to accept or refuse that and"to go on with this
contract as we shall modify it; that is, to per-
form a part of the service which they contracted
to perform at the full price.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to make an in-
quiry as to a principle of law. Would not this
measure, if passed now in this form, make a
provision that would govern the whole contract,
if accepted ? If they accepted it, they would
be held to accept it subject to this condition;
or if not. the old contract would stand.
Mr. FOSTER. I should doubt it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think that is unques-
tionably the law.
Mr. FOSTER. No doubt the law can be so
framed as to work out, that result; but I do not
think this resolution does it now. My object
in making this motion is that the measure may
be referred to the committee ; and as the hon-
orable Senator from California [Mr. Confess]
suggested that this company do not wish to
monopolize the whole matter of carrying mails
in the Pacific, the Post Office Committee on
conferring with the Post Office Department may
come to the conclusion that it will be advisable
to advertise again for proposals for carrying
the mail from San Francisco to the Sandwich
Islands, and so make a new contract for this
portion of the service. Meantime there is no
injury either to the Government or to this com-
pany by allowing the matter to stand over until
the next session, for by the original contract,
entered into under the law o£ February, 1865,
nothing is to be done by this company for the
Government until after the 1st of January
