1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2901
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator himself
stated the other day that five or six would be
enough to hang.
Mr. NYE. Do you acquiesce m that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I ought to be
satisfied if the Senator from Nevada is satis-
fied with five or six.
But, Mr. President, I have another objec-
tion which weighs, perhaps, still more upon my
mind than those I have stated. The insertion
of this section into this constitutional amend-
ment, if these provisions are not to be submitted
separately, tends to prevent the adoption of the
amendment by a sufficient number of States to
ratify it. You say every day that you cannot
get a jury under the laws of several of the
States, Virginia and others ; that to-day the
state of public opinion is such that you can-
not get a jury who would convict a person of
crime, and yet yon propose to submit this con-
stitutional amendment to be passed upon by
the people of those States to determine the
question whether they will adopt a constitu-
tional amendment upon a popular vote, which
constitutional amendment on its face declares
that all of those men who have ever taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States are forever to be excluded from holding
office under the United States or within the
State unless two thirds of Congress will con-
sent to give them the privilege.
Sir, what States will adopt it? It is possible
that some one, two, perhaps three, of those
States to be affected by this amendment may
adopt it.
Mr. LANE; of Kansas. Four will accept
that part of it.
Mr. DOOIJTTLE. What four?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. ^ Virginia, Tennes-
see, Arkansas, and Louisiana. I saw some
gentlemen on Monday from Tennessee, and
talked with them about this particular clause,
and they told me it would be the most popular
thing that could be tendered. And the very
men that you want to hang ought to accept it
joyfullv in lieu of their hanging. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Kan-
sas, perhaps, has information on this subject
that other Senators do not possess.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I saw those gentle-
men on Monday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know who
those particular gentlemen were. Were they
the gentlemen that deserved hanging or not?
[Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They were con-
servatives from Tennessee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. If it will not interrupt
my friend from Wisconsin I should like to ask
him a question, whether there is iu history
an example of an insurrection of the most
ordinary character terminating with no pun-
ishment to any man, no deprivation of prop-
erty, no deprivation of franchise, no depriva-
tion of any right whatever exeept'the right to
hold office; whether ever more generous terms
were held out to persons who had been engaged
in insurrection than are here proposed ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand, then, my
friend, the Senator from Ohio, to admit that
adoptingthis section does away with all further
punishment.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; I do not think this
will prevent vour hanging four or five.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Sen-
ator by his question to admit that adopting
this repeals all other penalties as against the
men included within the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. If the Sen-
ator wants to take the blood of four or five I
am perfectly willing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I deem
this entirely unnecessary, as I stated at the
beginning. I deem it as the adoption of a new
punishmeut as to the persons who are cm-
„ braced within its provisions, and therefore the
abolition of the existing punishment; and I
deem it as tending to prevent the adoption of
the amendment by a sufficient number of
States to secure the ratification of the other
part of the constitutional amendment. If this
is to be inserted as a part of the amendment,
to be submitted as a part and parcel of the
whole, so that the whole must be taken to-
gether and the different sections shall not be
acted upon separately, it will tend to prevent
its adoption, and preventing its adoption has
no other tendency or effect than to keep open
this difficulty for years to come. 5
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose we
shall get any vote on this matter to-night.^ If
I thought so I should not take up any time;
but I can hardly forbear saying a word or two
in reply to the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle.] They seem to have peculiar
notions \in Wisconsin in regard to offices, and
the Senator who has just taken his seat regards
it as a punishment that a man cannot hold an
office. Why, sir, how many suffering people
there must be in this land! He says this is a
bill of pains and penalties because certain per-
sons cannot hold office; and he even seems to
think it would be preferable in some instances
to be hanged. He wants to know of the Sen-
ator from Ohio if such persons are to be
excepted This clause, I suppose, will not
embrace those who are to be hanged. _ When
hung they will cease to suffer the pains and
penalties of being kept out of officfe. I recol-
lect having seen in the newspapers—I do not
know whether it is true or not; I very seldom
allude to newspaper articles—but I saw in
some of the newspapers -that an officer of this
Government, who was supposed to control
some patronage in the minor offices ot the
country, spoke of the officers as "eating the
bread and butter of the President.'" I recol-
lect the Senator from Wisconsin himself, in a
speech some days ago, spoke of the President's
officers. The President has got no officers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I never stated that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator spoke of
their being responsible to the President.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. So I did, and that is a
How so?
They are responsible
They are responsible to
fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
to the President.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
the law of the land and not to the President.
Mr. DOOLITTLE rose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the Senator keep
cool. I undertake to say that a person holding
office, who does not acknowledge his responsi-
bility to the law and his oath of office, but to
a President, is not fit to be an officer. No
officer is responsible to the President, but his
responsibility is to the law under which he acts.
The President is not omnipotent in this coun-
try. Ho does not create offices ; he cannot
appoint an individual to the humblest office in
the land except in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion and the law. Ho himself is responsible
to the Constitution and the law, and so is the
most inferior postmaster in the land. This
idea that the offices of this country belong to
the President, that men eat his bread ami but-
ter. is very erroneous. Why, sir, the President
feeds nobody. It is derogatory to the position
of any man who holds an office to talk of his
eating the bread and butter _of the President
and being responsible to the President and not
to his oath of office, to the law and the Consti-
tution.
Why, sir, who ever heard of such a propo-
sition as that laid down by the Senator from
Wisconsin, that a bill excluding men from office
is a bill of pains and penaltiesand punishment?
The Constitution of the United States declares
that no one but a native-born citizen of the
United States shall be President of the United
States. Does. then, every person living in this
laud who does not happen to have been bora
within its jurisdiction undergo pains and pen-
alties and punishment all his life, bcause by
the Constitution ho is ineligible to the Presi-
dency? This is the Senator's position. _
But he tells us that there is no necessity for
this clause; and why? Oh, we have a law^ that
excludes from office every one of these indi-
viduals. Have we? How long is it .since the
Senator from Wisconsin stood up in this body
and with loud voice proclaimed to the Senate
and the nation that eacli House should judge
for itself whether members should be admitted
into the body, and that Congress had no right
to decide upon it? Now he tells us that we
have a law which excludes all these persons
from office, and he does not want it In the
Constitution. ' How long is it since he argued
and urged here that the Senate should decide
for itself whether the rebellious States were fit
to be represented or not? To-day he tells us
we have a law which prevents each House from
admitting disloyal persons. I am glad the Sen-
ator is disposed to obey the law; and I trust
we shall hear no more of his saying that it ia
for the Senate exclusively to decide, irrespect-
ive of law, whether persons are to be admitted
to seats.
I know that each House is the judge of the
elections, the qualifications, and the returns of
its own members under the Constitution ; but
each House is not made the judge of whether
there is a constituency authorized to represen-
tation or not. That is a question proper to be
decided by the joint action of both Houses.
Each House may have the physical power to
decide it, but Senators have no fight to vote
that the representatives of Maximilian in Mex-
ico, of Napoleon in France, or of the people
of Canada, shall be admitted to seats here; and
they have just as little right to admit the rep-
resentatives of any other people not recognized
by law as entitled to representation, as they
have to admit representatives from Mexico, or
France, or Canada. But the Senator says that
this provision excluding leading rebels from
office will not be accepted in the South. Sir,
has it come to this, that the leaders of the
infamous rebellion who undertook to overthrow
the Government, who marshaled armies and
maintained a war against it for four or five
years, when put down by force of arms cannot
be deprived of the privilege of holding offices?
The Senator says the South will not accept it;
but, sir, they have gone further than this in
Maryland, in Tennessee, in West Virginia, in
Missouri. Everywhere in the South where loyal
men have the control they not only exclude
the leading traitors from office, but also from
the right of suffrage. •
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. And so in Arkansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In Arkansas also, lam
reminded by the Senator from Kansas. Sir,
the object of this provision is to place these
rebellious States in the hands of loyal men. Is
the Senator from Wisconsin opposed to it?
Does he want to put the control of these States
in the hands of disloyal men? If lie does not,
then vote for this provision. That is all there
is to it, and if the time ever comes, as I trust
it will, when these leaders shall be cured of
their malignity toward the Union, when they
shall bo willing to treat loyal men and Union
men fairly and justly, it will be m the power
of Congress to remove the disability ; and if the
people of these localities are then willing to
trust the repentant rebels they can elect them to
office. Sir, it is. intended to put some sort of
stigma, some sort of odium upon the leaders
of this rebellion, and no other way is left to do
it but by some provision of this kind. The
Senator wants it in a law. Sir, what would it
be good for in a law? So far as the members
of this body and of the otfcer House are con-
cerned, the Constitution of the Lijited States
has provided the qualifications for a Senatoi
and for a Representative, and it has been held
more than once that it is incompetent to add
to those qualifications by law. \ ou may do it
by a change of the Constitution, and licnce the
propriety of putting it here. The test oath is
a different thing. The oath does not go to the
qualification, but to the discharge of the duties
subsequently, and the requirement of the oath
may be constitutional when a direct disqualifi-
cation imposed by law would not be constitu-
tional. .
That is a proposition, however, which 1 do
not propose to argue at this time. I rose
merely to repel the idea that it was imposing
