2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
pains and penalties to deprive a man fronrhold-
ing office. I rose to repel the idea that the
offices of this country belonged to the Presi-
dent andjhat men who held them were living
upon his bounty; to show that the oath was
not a sufficient protection; and that to have
the proper protection against loading rebels
being elevated to office, not by Union men but
by the rebels, it was necessary to insert a clause
of this kind. We find that every southern State
which is in the hands of loyal men, although
it may have been formerly engaged in this re-
bellion, has not only excluded from office, but
from the right of suffrage also, all the leading
traitors 5 and, sir, I apprehend that this prop-
osition will be a popular provision with loyal
men, and how the disloyal regard it is not a
matter of so much consequence.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
yield I will move an adjournment.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us go into executive
session.
Several Senators. It is too late.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there is any business
in executive session desirable to be. done, I will
give way.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. ["No, no; it is too late."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr.PoMERoy
in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa moves
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
The question being put on Mr. Grimes's
motion, a division was called for.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any contro-
versy about it, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, May 80, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
call OS committees.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the fall of committees for reports,
commencing with the select committee on war
debts of loyal States.
avar debts of loyal states.
Mr. BLAINE. I am instructed by the com-
mittee on war debts of loyal States to report a
bill to reimburse the States which have fur-
nished troops to the LTnion Army for advances
made and expenses incurred in raising the same.
On a conference with the members of the
special committee and the friends of this bill
generally in the House, I find an indisposition
to consider and press it at this time. I have,
therefore, yielded my own judgment in regard"
to it and make the following motion : that the
bill be recommitted to the select committee on
war debts of loyal States, and that the same
be continued as now organized, -with leave to
report at the next session, by*bill or otherwise.
There way no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
WAR debts of kansas.
Mr. BLAINE, from the same committee,
reported back Hou^ebiil No. 259, to reimburse
the State of Kansas; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
message flto.m the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 11,
to facilitate commercial, postal, and military
communication among the several States; with I
amendments, in which he was directed to ask |
the concurrence of the House.
aiu-line railroad.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the !
select committee on a military and postal rail- j
road from Washington to New York to report '
back House bill No. 91, to authorize the build-
ing of a military and postal railroad from "Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of New
York. I do not see the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. F. Thomas] in the House, and such
being the case. I move that the bill be recom-
mitted, and now enter a motion to reconsider,
giving notice that I shall call it up in about a
week.
It was,ordered accordingly.
kailkoad line to the northwest.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 527, to promote
the construction of a line of railroads between
the city of Washington and the Northwest, for
national purposes.
The bill, which was read, is as follows:
A bill to promote the construction of a line of rail-
ways between the city of Washington and the
Northwest, for national purposes.
Whereas there is now a oompleto line of railroad
between the city of Washington and Cumberland, in
Alleghany county, in the State of Maryland, which
is about being shortened nearly fifty miles by a line
from said city of "Washington to the Point of Rocks,
on the Potomac river, in Frederick county, in said
State: and whereas a company has been incorpo-
rated by the State of Maryland to construct a railroad
from Cumberland aforesaid to the Pennsylvania line
in the direction of Pittsburg, designed to connect
with a railroad in Pennsylvania to the latter city;
and whereas the Pittsburg and Connellsville Hail-
road Company, incorporated by the State of Penn-
sylvania, has completed a-railroad from Pittsburg to
Connellsville, on a line to connect with the Maryland
road aforesaid; and whereas but a comparatively
short distance between Cumberland and Pittsburg
remains to be completed to furnish, with the railroad
between Washington and Cumberland, a direct rail-
road communication, by a short and advantageous
route, between "Washington city and Pittsburg, and
the connections with the Northwest from the latter
city; and whereas the Legislature of Pennsylvania
has attempted to create impediments in connecting
the railroad so as aforesaid authorized to be built in
Pennsylvania and Maryland, which prevent at this
time the completion of a work of national impor-
tance. and has thereby attempted to impair the value
of a franchise under which the citizens of Maryland
and Pennsylvania have made large investments;
and whereas it is proper for military and postal pur-
poses, and especially to facilitate and regulate com-
mercial intercourse among the States: Therefore,
.Z?e it cnuctcd by (he Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled^ That the Pittsburg and Connellsville Railroad
Company of Pennsylvania and the Pittsburg and
Connellsville Railroad Company of Maryland b'e,
and they are hereby, authorized to complete their
respective works, and to unite the same so as to form
one continuous lme between Cumberland and Pitts-
burg, according to the powers given to the said com-
panies in and by their respective charters as origi-
nally granted, and the supplements thereto, so far as
they are not inconsistent with the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatif any person
shall willfully do, or causo to be done, any actor acts
whatever whereby any building, structure, or other
work, or any engine, car, or machine, or other prop-
erty appertaining to the railroad so to boeonsfcructed
shall be injured, impaired,destroyed, or stopped, the
person or persons so offending shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof by any court
of competent jurisdiction, shall be punished by fine
not less than $1,000 nor more than 85,000, or by im-
prisonment not less than one year normore than five
years, or both, at the discretion of the court, and shall
also forfeit and pay to the parties aforesaid, their
associates, successors, or assigns, double the amount
of damages sustained by me^ns of such offenses, to
be recovered by the parties aforesaid, with costs of
suit, by action of debt or case.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the lines of
railway carrying the mails of the United States which
may be or are now constructed under the authority
of either of the States through which the railroad
hereby authorized shall pass, and all railroads in the
United States, by their connections, shall have the
ri^ht to connect tor the purpose of transportation
with the said railway company, as aforesaid, on fair
and equal terms, as now customary upon main lines
in the United States: Provided, That the said lines
of railway so claiming the right to connect shall re-
ciprocate in traffic with the line hereby authorized,
upon the same terms and without any discrimination
or prejudice against it. Such connecting lines shall
have the right to sell through tickets, check through
baggage, and transport freights in such manner and
upon such terms as are customary between connect-
ing lines of railway. And through tickets, through
checks for baggage, and through receipts for freights
shall be furnished by the line hereby authorized over
such lines of railway as may connect with it, and as
the traveler and shipper or consignor may select, and
without discrimination or prejudice to any one or
more of said connecting lines of railway.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatif any suitor
proceeding, either in law or equity, or any criminal
prosecution, shall bo commenced in any State court
against the said companies, their successors, or as-
signs, or any person authorized or employed by them,
for any act done or omitted to be done in and about
the construction and use of the railroad hereby au-
thorized under and by virtue of this act, or to restrain,
by injunction or otherwise, the construction, com
pletion, or operation of the said railroad, or for any
damages growing out of the use of the same, or con-
struction thereof, and the defendant shall, at tho
time of entering his appearance or within thirty days
thereafter, in such courts in said action or proceed-
ing, file a petition, stating the facts and verified by
affidavits, for the removal of tho cause for the trial
at the next circuit court of the United States to be
holdcn in the district where such suit or prosecution
is pending, and offer good and sufficient security for
his filing in such circuit court, on the first day of
its next session, copies of tho process and other pro-
ceedings against him in such State court, and also
for his appearing in such circuit court, and entering
special bail in the cause of proceeding, (if special
bail was originally required therein,) it then shall bo
the duty of the State court to accept the security,
and proceed no further in the cause or prosecution;
and the bail that shall have been originally taken in
such State court shall be discharged. And upon such
copies being filed as aforesaid, in such circuit court
of the United States, the cause or prosecution shall,
proceed therein in the same manner as it it had
been brought in such circuit court, whatever may be
the amount in dispute or the damage claimed, or
whatever may be the citizenship of the parties, any
law to the contrary notwithstanding. And any at-
tachment of the goods or the estate of the defendant
by original process from such State court shall hold-
the goods and estate so attached to answer the final,
judgment, in the same manner as by the laws of such
State they would have been holden to answer final
judgment had it been rendered in the court in which
the suit or prosecution was commenced; and from
any final judgment rendered in any such suitor pros-
ecution by such circuit courts, a writ of error shall
lie to the Supreme Court of the United States, what-
ever may be the amount of such judgment, any law
to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 5. And beit further enacted, That the said line
of railroad, with the ferries, crossings, bridges, and
roadway, hereby authorized to be constructed, and
the parts of existing railways which may become a
part of the said road, shall be deemed and consid-
ered a national public highway and post road, with
which all the principal railway lines and mail routes
in the United States, either now constructed orhere-
after to be constructed, shall have the right to con-
nect for transportation purposes on fair and equita-
ble terms. And such connecting lines shall, at all
times, have the right to sell through tickets and
check through baggage, in such manner and upon
such terms as are how or may hereafter be custom-
ary between the connecting lines of the country.
And the corporation herein mentioned shall, so far
as may be practicable, furnish through tickets to
passengers-and through checks for baggage over
such connecting lines of railway as the traveler may
select, and without discrimination or prejudice to
any one or more of said connecting lines. And the
company shall provide all their night passenger
trains a sufficient number of first-class sleeping-cars
with all modern improvements and all proper and
necessary bedding to fully accommodate the public,
and the tariff of prices in addition to the regular rate
of fare shall not exceed three dollars for a state-
room, one dollar for a double and fifty ccnts for a
single berth.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said corpo**
rations shall make an annual report of their opera-
tions to the Secretary of the Interior in such form
and containing such items of information as he may
prescribe; said report to be verified by the certifi-
cates, under oath, of the president, treasurer, chief
engineer, and general superintendent of such cor-
porations or railways.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said cor-
porations shall, as soon as practicable, so commence
and prosecute the work of constructing and equip-
ping said railroad that it shall be fully completed
and equipped in three years from and after the pas-
sage of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
be deemed and taken as a public act, and as such,
notice shall be taken of it by the courts, without tho
necessity of pleading the same.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless some gentleman
desires to oppose the bill, I shall call for the
previous question.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not know that I am
opposed to the bill, but I should like to have
some explanation of it. It strikes me as a
most extraordinary bill on which to demand
tho previous question. I think it ought to
have an amendment that the county commis-
sioners throughout the United States shall be
abolished and let Congress do their duties.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will movo
to confine the operations to his own county in
Maine, I will not object.
Mr. BLAINE. My own county is not one
that invokes the special power of Congress for
such a purp'ose.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope we shall have some
little discussion.
The question being taken on seconding the ,
demand for the previous question, 110 quorum
voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Stevexs
and Akcona were appointed.
