982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February* 23,
had ever been presented 4o Congress. It is
the assertion on the part of Congress of the
power to pass upon the condition of the recon-
structed States. I do not doubt or deny that
power. But is it not wiser for us to exercise
that power, and not to pass resolutions that we
have it ? Why do we not exercise that power ?
By the passage of the constitutional amend-
ment, we.were about to exercise that power in
the highest and most important way. By the
passage of that resolution, reported from the
same committee—a resolution that met my
concurrence—we were about to exercise that
power in the most important way, by submit-
ting to the Legislatures now in session a con-
stitutional amendment to change the basis of
representation, so as to remove the anomaly
of allowing rebel States an increased political
power in Congress. When the Senator intro-
duced that proposition he told us that twenty
Legislatures were in session ; that there was
occasion for immediate action. We might pass
that constitutional amendment, or at least get
the sense of the Senate upon it,, in two or three
days.
.Now, is it not wiser to go on and conclude
what has been so long discussed rather than to
take up this new political issue? In my judg-
ment it is, and I think that we ought not to post-
pone all the important business now pending
in Congress for the purpose of getting into a
political controversy and a political wrangle
between the President and Congress. That
upon this question there is a broad and deep and
marked ditforence between Congress and the
President we all know. Why, thereibie, hurry
the discussion of it? Why not, wait for reflec-
tion and for consideration? Does the Senate
lose by this course ? Not at all; and although
1 have no doubt that my voice will not bo suili-
eient in this matter to prevent the immediate
consideration of this resolution, at the same
time I must, as one of the Senators from the
State ul Ohio, express my deliberate opinion
that it would bo wiser and better for us to post-
pone the consideration of it for a few days at
least,, and go on with the regular order of busi-
ness, and act upon the constitutional amend-
ment now ponding after it has been so long
debated 111 this body. I therefore shall vote
against taking up this resolution now.
The Senator irom Maine can under the rules
(his committee having the power to report at
any time) moveto take up the resolution at tiny
moment. Why take it. up now and deliberate
upon it, now? Huppo.se you pass it, what dif-
ference will it, make? It, will be simply the
assertion of a power that, has been asserted by
the Senate over and overugain. I am told that
the Judiciary Committee at, the very last ses-
sion reported substantially the same resolution
almost, unanimously. The power has been as-
serted and a proposition similar in character
has passed the Senate. What do you gain, there-
fore, bv entering into a long political discussion
upon this subject, now, when the opinion of the
Senate has been already expressed on the same
proposition ?
Thcte is no good Ilia I can arise from the im-
mediate discussion of this question : and, Mr.
President, suppose we now assert that- no man
shall lie admitted as a member of the House of
Representatives from the State of Tennessee
until the Senate consents to it. What then?
Suppose a change should occur in the House of
Hoprcsoutatiws, and a majority of that House
should decide, according to their constitutional
right to decide, that, a given person was entitled
to come in and sit as a member of the. House
of Representatives, would they regard the decis-
ion of the Senate upon a question of that kind?
We know they would not. Each House is the
judge of the elect ion. returns, and qualifications
of its own members, and this declaration, how-
ever it may bo true as a question of law, will
practically amount to nothing at all. It will
not, prevent cither House, whenever it chooses,
from acting on this question, and it, will only
create a political issue, a political division be"-
tween the President of the United States and
Congress that is in my judgment broad and wide
enough without irritating it by useless and need-
less controversy.
As I said before, I do not expect that my
voice will be heeded in this matter; yet I can-
not withhold the expression of my opinion given
already to several Senators privately, that we
had better allow this question to lie upon the
table for a few days and go on with the ordi-
nary business of legislation as if nothing had
occurred. Let us proceed with self-reliance,
and at the proper time and in the proper mode,
after we have disposed of other pressing ques-
tions now resting upon us, we may vote upon
this assertion of our right to pass upon questions
of reconstruction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, so far
as I am individually concerned, I should bo
very willing, and perhaps I might be very glad,
to have this matter go by for the present and
be taken up at some future day. But, in the
first place, I gave notice on Wednesday that to-
day, after the expiration of the morning hour,
T should consider it my duty to call up this reso-
lution. I have done so in accordance with the
suggestion 1 then made. I should not have done
so had [ not believed that it was of the first im-
portance that we should proceed at the very
earliest moment to consider it.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Ohio desig-
nates this as getting up a political wrangle with
the President of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I did not use the
word "wrangle."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator'spar-
don ; he did.
.Mr. CONNESS. That was the word.
Air. FESSENDEN. Yes, that-was the word.
He says wo arc getting up apolitical wrangle
with the President of the United States. When
the President of the United States tells Con-
gress that it is transcending its proper limits of
authority, that it has nothing to do in the way
of judgment upon the great question of recon-
structing the rebel States, and Congressassumes
to express its own sense upon that question, I
think it, is hardly aproper term to apply to such
a slate of things. 1 am not aware that there
has been any elfort anywhere to get up a polit-
ical wrangle or engage in a political wrangle
with the President. Certainly J have not. No
man has ever heard me speak of him except in
terms of respect, in my place here and else-
where. lie is the Chief Magistrate of this na-
tion, properly elected and qualified, and I treat,
him on all occasions as such. I am not, sensible
myseU'ofany excitement, that would prevent, my
speaking upon this question precisely in the
stylo which f deem it deserves. F am not car-
ried away by passion. I have reilectcd, and 1
am ready to express my opinion upon the great
question at. issue; and the Senator will allow
me to say that, 111 my judgment,, the sooner
the judgment of Congress is expressed the
better.
He talksaboutimportantbusiness tobedone
by this Congress. Sir, is there anything more
important than to settle the question whether the
Senate and the House of Representatives of the
ITnited Slates have or have not something to say
in relation to the condition of the late confed-
erate States, and whether it, is proper to admit.
Senators and Representatives from them? If
the President is right in his assumption—for
the assumption is a very clear one—that we
have nothing to say, we ought to admit these
men at once, if they come here with proper
credentials, and not keep them waiting outside
the door. If we are assuming power that we
do not possess, if we are placing ourselves in
the way of the reconstruction of the Union by
assuming an unconstitutional authority, it is
very unbecoming in us t,o extend the time and
keep men from their proper seats in this body
and in the other branch of Congress week after
week and month after month when they should
be here to-day. On the contrary, if wo have
something to say about it, it is proper, in my
judgment, that we should assert our power be-
fore the country, and that we should assert it
before wo proceed to act upon the constitutional
amendment which is before this House, and
which is intimately involved with the very ques-
tion now under consideration.
Sir, this is all that I have to say on the sub-
ject. I do not know how gentlemen around
me may feel. They may be in a state of ex-
citement and wrath which prevents their speak-
ing and acting calmly. For me, I am too old'
a man not to be able to get over excitement of
that sort, at any rate with one night's sleep,
and we have all of us had that. My friend from
Ohio is a much younger man than I am, but. I
think that if I put the question to him, to judge
from the speech he has made, he would not
admit that he was laboring under such intense
excitement as not to be able to speak in becom-
ing terms on this question, if he speaks at all;
and if that is the case with him, one of the
youngest members of the body, I ta.ke it those
of us who are gray-headed and bald-headed can
very readily keep ourselves calm and conduct
ourselves with equal propriety. This matter is
for the Senate to decide. I feel no personal
interest in the decision. Whether the reso-
lution is taken up to-day or to-morrow or the
next day or any day, makes no difference to me.
I only express my opinion; and 1 close as I
began, by saying that so far as I am individually
concerned I would willingly be spared from the
necessity which I shall be under of making more
extended remarks on this question if it comes'
up. The Senate will do as it pleases with it.
1 have done my duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
in reply to the honorable Senator from Maine.
I do not remember to have used the word
"wrangle." He says I did, and probably I
did, for no doubt he is more correct on that
point than myself. I would not purposely ap-
ply that word to any deliberation of the Senate,
and I hope never to have occasion to apply that
word to any deliberation of the Senate. In my-
judgment, the events that transpired yesterday,
are too fresh in the mind of every Senator not
to have had some influence upon him, and I
think it as well to allow the influence of those
events to pass away. I do not wish now myself,
nor do I wish any Senator here, to reply to
what was said yesterday by the President of
the United States. I would prefer that the
Senate of the United States, the only legislative
body which can deliberate fully and freely with-
out any limitation on the right of debate, should
deliberate, reflect, and act calmly after the ex-
citement of the events of the last two or three
days has passed off. The Senator says that he
is not. under excitement. Probably he is not;
but the public mind is excited, and the words
that are uttered in the Senate in debate this
day may not be uttered with that deliberate
care with which the subject ought to be dis-
cussed when it is taken up for final action. A
little delay can do no harm, it may do good.
The Senator says that no question can be so
important as this. Sir, in my judgment, no
question can be very important which can lead
to no practical results. The true test of the
importance of every measure is what good will
result from it. No good will result from this
discussion, and the passage of this resolution
will attain no practical end that has not been
already attained by previous discussions and
previous resolutions. The only objection I have
to the repetition of the judgment of the Senate
on this question isthatthepropositionis brought
before us under peculiar circumstances so as to
deny us that moderate deliberation that ought
to be given to every question brought before the
Senat e of the United States. It is a part of the
history of the country that this resolution, re-
ported in the House of Representatives, I be-
lieve, on the very day that the veto message
was read at this desk, was passed there without
debate under the feelings created by that veto
message. It was passed there after scenes ot
great excitement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The day after the mes-
sage.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it was passed under
the previous question and without debate, un-
der the excitement produced by the veto mes-
sage, and at the very time we were here dis-
