3862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. •
July 17,
1807. By the second section of the act of
February 17, 1865, it is provided:
"That any contract which the Postmaster General
may execute under the authority of this act, shall
go into effect on or before the 1st day of January,
1807."
It is not until after the 1st of next January
that anything is to be done. We are, there-
fore, really delaying nothing in the strictest
sense; we are simply postponing the matter as
it now stands, so that we may be prepared to
perfect it before, under the terms of the con-
tract, they shall begin to execute it.
I submit, then, that in order to harmonize
these interests, to promote, as it is the object
of us all to promote, trade and commerce be-
tween the Sandwich Islands and the Pacific
coast, and between the Pacific coast and China
and Japan, we should postpone the resolution,
recommit it to the committee, and ascertain
whether there will not be, as I have no doubt
there can be, an entire unanimity of opinion
arrived at as to how these conflicting interests
may be harmonized. It is most desirable that
it should be done; that instead of being made
antagonistic they should be made really pro-
motive of each other.
Sir, the Postmaster General does not in his
letter intimate that there is any haste about
action in this matter. On the contrary he says
distinctly in his letter as given to us on page
6 of the committee's report:
"In determining the question when the company's
steamers Oiall ho relieved, if at sill, from calling at
the Sandwich Ir-bmds on their voyages in either di-
rection, it should bo borne in mind that, until the
completion of the Pacific railroad, the general inter-
ests of commerce will not be materially advanced
by permicring the steamers to take tho direct route
cither way."
That is a most significant remark. Why
should wc relieve this company from a portion
of the contract most desirable to be performed,
if it is not to facilitate commerce in another
direction? No doubt it promotes the interests
of the company to diminish their expenses,
while yon allow them the same rate of compen-
sation. The company are no doubt watchful
of their interests; but wo should be watchful
of the interests of the Government and of tho
people; and tho Postmaster General says dis-
tinctly that the interests of commerce will not
bo materially promoted by taking a different
route either way until the completion of the
Pacific railroad, "as prior to that time"—he
now goes on to give the reason—''the line
between China anil Europe, via San Francisco
and New York, will not be an equal competitor
in point of expedition with the existing lines
between Europe and China via Suez."
I know that ray enthusiastic friend on my
left [Mr. Coxxf.sk]—and intelligent as he is
enthusiastic—thinks that we shall at once, by
this direct route, distance all competition either
by way of Marseilles or by way of Suez ; but
the Postmaster General thinks otherwise, and
it is possible that the honorable Senator from
California may be. mistaken. At all events I
think this officer at the head of the Depart-
ment, having ail the facts before him, speaks
in such a way as that we should give heed to
what he says, especially when this contiact
does not begin to be executed until after Jan-
uary 1, 1807, by its own terms.
Mr. President, I repeat that I believe, and
must believe from the evidence here before us,
that the interests of the country, the interests
of commerce, tho whaling interest, the com-
mercial interests between China, Japan, and
the United States, the trade in teas, silks, and
all kinds of merchandise will be promoted by
having this resolution recommitted to the com-
mittee and something more perfect and mature
presented to us than we have now before us.
It is, perhaps, not quite impossible at this
stage of the session, when the thermometer
ranges as it does, to perfect the details of this
measure, but it is most inconvenient, and
wholly unnecessary, as it is not to go into
effect until after the 1st of January next. I
submit, therefore, with great confidence that
it will be the part of wisdom to recommit the
resolution. Nobody's interests will be preju-
diced, and nobody will be delayed; but the
prosperity as well as the comfort and interest
of all will be promoted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there
is a disposition exhibited on the part of Sen-
ators, I think, to delay matters of great mo-
ment. They complain of the extreme heat
and the condition of the climate. Well, re-
move the seat of Government to Boston. That
will correct that difficulty. On our tables and
in committees are matters of the gravest im-
portance, and this is one of the most grave
import. This is not a measure that is to
transpire in 1807 but at the present time. The
gentlemen engaged in the enterprise are hav-
ing their ships upon the sea. The enterprise
has already commenced. There is no contro-
versy that I know of between any interest at
the Sandwich Islands and the making of the
trip by the north. I do not know of any con-
flicting interests; but if there be any they are
all aecommodatcd by the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
which provides for communication with the
Sandwich Islands, which amendment 1 ap-
prove. Five hundred thousand dollars subsidy
and $50,000 in addition is a small amount for
this Government to expend every year. Twice
that much to establish ourselves on the Pacific
coast, which must bo the greatest source of
our moneyed wealth, would be not too much
for the object in view.
I do not believe in this policy of adjourning
important questions becauso the thermometer
stands at ninety-eight degrees. Wecameliere
to transact the public business, and I myself
desire to see it transacted. 1 will not run away
if the thermometer gets to be one hundred and
fifteen degrees. I have seen worse than that.
The measure is of the first importance. As
1 had occasion before to state, Russia and
France and England are struggling for ascend-
ency on the Pacific, and we are substantially
doing nothing. They have been doing every-
thing by their diplomacy, by their appropri-
ations, by their expenditure for the purpose
of subsidizing communications. It is not worth
while for us to be slow if being fast is right. I
have always heard that tho American^people
were a fast people. When we get to be a slow
people we had better go and marry ourselves to
the Chinese. 1 protest against the policy of post-
poning measures when there is no reason for
it. There is no controversy about this ques-
tion among the friends of the measure. The
§50,000 suggested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts as a subsidy for a Sandwich Islands line
answers the whole question and furnishes the
communication. Fifty thousand dollars goes
out of the pocket of the Government every five
minutes and accomplishes no such result as is
contemplated by this enterprise. I cannot see
the wisdom of throwing off our shoulders the
responsibility of action upon groat qestions that
involve policies which concern the general wel-
fare and prosperity of Llio nation.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall only occupy a mo-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us have a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. I am compelled neces-
sarily to ask the Senate not to agree to the
motion to postpone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to recommit.
Mr. CONNESS. The postponement was
included. I hope the Senate will not do this.
I thank the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut for his compliment to myself. It was not
intended to be much of a compliment.
.' Mr. FOSTER. I intended all that I said.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt that the
Senator intended all that he said in his allusion
to his "enthusiastic friend." I thank God
that 1 have been blessed by Him with some
enthusiasm planted in my nature. It is a
quality that I would not be without. There
is something generous.in it. It adapts us to
something outside of what concerns ourselves
and fits us for many of the offices that life
imposes upon us. It is very often suspected
shrewdly that the very useful quality of sense
is regulated somewhat by it. Perhaps it is. I
have great enthusiasm on the subject of this
great project, as have called it.
The Senator has read from the letter of the
Postmaster General, and called our attention
to the remarks made by him, in the letter,
touching the importance of the change to be
made before the Pacific railroad is constructed.
In what connection are those remarks made?
I will show the Senate. The central idea on
which he bases the attempt to establish this
line is the eventual transfer of the center of
the exchanges of the world from London to
New York. That cannot be accomplished
now, as I stated when I was up before and on
a former occasion, by releasing these ships
from stopping at the Sandwich Islands now,
nor before tho Pacific railroad shall be con-
structed. But, sir, it is not less certain that
the great advantage can be gained that I pointed
out, namely, that of making more rapid voyages
from China and Japan to the city of New York
than are now made from those ports to the city
of London; and that was all that I claimed.
Tho Postmaster General in his letter alludes
to this in another paragraph, and says:
"It will be seen from the foregoing that the pri-
mary object in commending to Congress the grant of
a subsidy was to establish, under the sanction of the
Government, afirst-eiass American line of mail steam-
ships between San Francisco, Japan, and China that
would successfully compete with tho British steam-
ship lines via Suez for the commcrce of the East, to
tho end of practically placing tho United States be-
tween the eastern continent and Europe, and o
transferring the commercial center of tho world Irott
London to New Yoik."
Thdt was the object of the line. But in
another respect we are to have cither a gain or
a loss by refusing to act upon this subject now.
How, sir? I will tell you. I stated it upon a
former occasion. By the existing contract, this
company were required to construct steamers
of not less than three thousand tons. Two of
those steamers are now being constructed.
Their hulls arc nearly completed. Their steam-
engines are being made. They are to be of
four thousand tons, a thousand tons each
greater than tho requirement of the law. It is
important that the other two to be constructed
for this service, for they are to be constructed
immediately, (their places being supplied in
the mean time by two of their finest vessels on
the Pacific side, nearly new,) shall be con-
structed of the same size, namely, four thousand
tons burden. But if we refuse to make this
release now, there will be no certainty that it
will bo granted, and before the 1st of January,
18G7, comes around the contract for making
the two additional ships to complete this great
line must be executed, and they are at a loss
t,o know whether to go on with the lino upon
the magnificent scale on which they have begun
or to reduce the vessels to the contract size,
and thus be required to put off their two great
ships upon another service and construct four
new ships of a more limited size. This is one
of their greatest purposes in seeking the release
now. Having explained that to the Senate, I
will not detain them longer, but hope we shall
take the vote seriatim upon the amendments
now before us.
Mr. HOWARD. I gave way upon the re-
quest of my friend from California and yielded
the floor in order that this resolution now be-
fore the Senate might be acted upon, suppos-
ing it would consume very little time. The
order of the day was tho Northern Pacific
railroad bill. I hope the Senate will come to
a vote upon the measure now before it, and
let us then proceed to take up the Northern
Pacific railroad bill again and dispose of that.
I really cannot give my consent to any further
loss of time on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] to recommit
the joint resolution, with the amendments, to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
with instructions to report at the next session
of Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
