1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2903
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this a bill to open
communication with the West?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; by the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad to Pittsburg.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 06, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and un-
der the operation thereof the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call forthereading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not here, and the
bill goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS. What will be its condition ?
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour
the majority may make an order to go to the
business on the Speaker's table, and then it
will come up.
Mr. STEVENS. I do no't consider that a faii-
way of opposing it.
Subsequently Mr. STEVENS moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
cleveland and maiioning railroad.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the select committee
on a military and postal railroad from Wash-
ington to New York, reported back House bill
No. 537, to authorize the Cleveland and Ma-
honing Railroad Company, a corporation cre-
ated and existing under the laws of the States
of Ohio and Pennsylvania, to continue and
construct the railroad of said company from
the village of Youngstown, Mahoning county,
in said State of Ohio, to and into the said State
of Pennsylvania, and thence by the most advan-
tageous and practicable route to the city of
Pittsburg in said State of Pennsylvania, and
to establish said road as a military, postal, and
commercial railroad of the United States.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read in full.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to inquire in what
stage this bill is before the House.
The SPEAKER. It was read a first and
second time, referred to the committee, and
reported back; and the question now is on
ordering it to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine the bill, but it seems to
embrace features whicli, if I understand them
aright, I can under no circumstances vote for.
I therefore call for the reading of the engrossed
-bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman cannot do
that until it has been ordered to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. After the previous ques-
tion is seconded and the main question ordered,
if the bill is ordered to be engrossed the gen-
tleman can then demand the reading of the
engrossed bill.
Sir. LE BLOND. I shall reserve that right.
Mr. GARFIELD. The grounds on which
this bill is based are almost identical with those
which gave rise to the Pittsburg and Con-
nellsville bill that has just passed to its third
reading, and is now on the Speaker's table
awaiting engrossment. I desire to explain, in
a few words, the points involved in both these
measures.
In 1851 the State of Ohio, before we had a
general railroad law, chartered the Cleveland
and Mahoning Railroad Company, and author-
ized it to construct a railroad from the city of
Cleveland to Youngstown, and thence down
the Mahoning valley to the Pennsylvania line,
and in the year 1853 the State of Pennsylvania
chartered a company made up of the same cor-
porators and authorized them to construct a
road from the State lino, and connecting with
the Cleveland and Mahoning road, to the city
of Pittsburg. So that in 1853 the company
was authorized by the Legislatures of the two
States to build a road from the city of Cleve-
land to the city of Pittsburg on the most direct
route possible, making a line of one hundred
and thirty-four miles between the^ two cities,
sixteen miles shorter than any existing road,
and almost in a direct line with the Pittsburg
and Connellsville line, through Cumberland,
connecting thence to the Point of Rocks, and
making, when the roads shall be completed, a
continuous line between Cleveland and Wash-
ington, eighty-four miles shorter than any
existing line, and the shortest possible route
between those two cities. When sixty-seven
miles of this road were completed and the
remainder of the route surveyed and the money
raised for its construction, the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, in May of 1864, repealed the
charter of the Pennsylvania portion of the road,
and we are thus shut out from this direct ave-
nue to Pittsburg, and the value of the invest-
menthasbeen very seriously diminished. Thus,
if I am correctly informed, by the overwhelm-
ing influence of a railroad corporation in Penn-
sylvania, acting through the Legislature, the
Pennsylvania end of the enterprise is over-
thrown, and the company, with all its expenses,
with its paid-up stock, and everything ready to
complete it, has had its charter knocked out
from under it. Our people have applied to the
Legislature of Pennsylvania to do them justice
and allow the work to go on, and thus secilre
the opening of a direct communication between
the West and the Atlantic sea-board, but they
have never been able to get either sort of relief
or justice. They have been referred to railroad
committees, and railroad committees have re-
ferred them to railroad presidents and man-
agers, but to no purpose.
After repeated efforts to secure their rights
from the Legislature of Pennsylvania, they
have now appealed to Congress and ask to be
defended in their rights and privileges and
allowed by authority of Congress to go forward
and complete this line of roads, which is a
work of great national importance. The road
contemplated in this bill will open up one of the
richest mineral valleys of the country to direct
communication ^ith the Atlantic sea-board.
The Mahoning valley abounds in iron ore and
coal, and is vitally and intimately connected with
the Lake Superior iron interest. Vast quanti-
ties of Lake Superior iron are brought to that
valley and mixed with our Ohio ore, and when
melted by the use of our coal makes a quality
of iron equal to the best Swedish iron, and
according to the test of the Navy Department
the finest iron produced in the United States.
The great interests thus proposed to be opened
are in some measure paralyzed by the action
of the Legislature of Pennsylvania. That State
sits between the Atlantic and the West forbid-
ding transit across her territory except by the
route already provided, which is in the hands
of a gigantic monopoly. No member of Con-
gress from the West can reach this city from
the lakes unless he shall go eighty-four miles
out of the way through Pittsburg and Harris-
burg and Baltimore; and the people of the
West, as well as those of New England, de-
mand that there shall be free communication
between these two sections of the Union, and
that no State Legislature shall obstruct or
hinder it.
Mr. STEVENS. The people of Pennsyl-
vania demand it also.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no doubt of that.
I believe it is for the best interest of Pennsyl-
vania that this line should be opened.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman whether this bill confers any other
powers on the corporation than those derived
from the charters originally granted by the
States of Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARFIELD. It does not, except in
this: it provides that the same contingency
which has happened in the case of the Con-
nellsville road shall not happen in this case,
namely, that when the charter of the Pennsyl-
vania end of the road had been repealed and
the parties applied to the circuit court of the
United States, which decided that the repeal
was unconstitutional, adverse parties then went
to the State courts and undertook to obstruct
its operations by vexatious suits of various
kinds.
Mr. BLAINE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to say that
the State courts have overruled the decisions
of the United States courts?
Mr. GARFIELD. I say that suits were
brought in the State courts for injunctions
against passing over certain lands along the
road. Now, I wish to say that it is provided
in this bill that the company may go to the
district or circuit court of the United States
and obtain the right of way. That is the addi-
tional legislation in this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman if this bill recognizes and preserves
the identical corporation created by the acts
of the Legislatures of the States of Ohio and
Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARFIELD. It does. This bill is not
in the interest of any set of men to create them
a corporation. It simply declares that the
corporation created by the Legislatures of the
States of Ohio and Pennsylvania may go for-
ward in accordance with the terms of its charter
and complete the work as its charter authorized
it to do, notwithstanding the repeal of that
charter.
Mr. 0' NEILL. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman this question: has the State of Penn-
sylvania violated any right which was given to
this railroad company when it was incorporated
by the Legislature of Pennsylvania?
Mr. GARFIELD. In no other way than
by taking away all the rights which had vested
in the corporation, and that, too, after it had
expended large sums of money, and had a large
portion of its road completed and in running
order. If that is not taking away any rights,
then it has not taken away any of them. And
this, let me say, was done without a hearing,
without any legal process in the courts, but
by the mere force of votes in the Legislature.
Mr. O'NEILL. Just as this bill may be
passed here, by the mere brute force of this
House. I would now ask the gentleman an-
other question. I have not seen the charter of
this road in so far as it runs through the State
of Pennsylvania ; but I presume in that char-
ter there was a limit of time in which this road
was to be finished and completed. I desire to
know whether that time had expired when
this charter was repealed by the Legislature
of Pennsylvania. That State is not in the
habit of taking away or interfering with vested
rights.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am glad to hear the last
statement of the gentleman, for the most of us
had the contrary opinion.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am glad tohave been able
to correct the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to repeat that
nothing but the mere force of votes in the Legis-
lature took away this charter; not based upon
any decision of the court or any violation of
the charter, but simply upon the action of the
Legislature of Pennyslvania.
Sir. O'NEILL. I venture to say before this
House that the Legislature of Pennsylvania has
not taken away from this corporation any vested
right. And I will say further, that there is no
evidence before this House that the people of
Pennsylvania demand the passage of any such
legislation as this here. The people of Penn-
sylvania believe that they have rights which
their own Legislature can give them, and with
which Congress has no right to interfere.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
resume the floor, as the morning hour has
nearly expired.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the gentleman,
if it be true that the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania has taken away vested rights, what has
prevented the enforcement and vindication of
those rights through the courts?
Mr. GARFIELD. After this Pittsburg and
Connellsville Company had secured in the cir-
cuit court of the United States a decision de-
claring the repeal of the charter unconstitu-
tional, still all along the line of the road suits
were brought on minor questions, obstacles
were thrown in the way, so that company can-
not successfully go forward with the work, or
secure subscriptions to their stock, unless they
