984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 23,
•winch sends a. Representative to the other
House or the State which sends a Senator to
this body is or is not ih a proper condition to
elect one.
Mr. President, I do not wish to go into the
discussion of the question any further than to
state my opinion.
Mr. TBtTMBCJLL. I desire to reply to the
remark of the Senator from Maryland. _ He
■wished to know whether there was any differ-
ence between the latitude allowed to a person
in discussing a question on amotion totakeup
 . measure, -whether he was in favor of taking
it hp or opposed to taking it up. I do not know
that in point of law there would be any differ-
ence, but there would seem to be a little differ-
ence in the propriety of the thing at least. _ A
person who wished to take up a measure might
be supposed to be ready to discuss it; a person
who was opposed to taking it up, as a matter of
propriety and taste, it would be supposed, was
not prepared to discuss it. I suppose in point
of lawthoro would be no difference in the rule;
it would be out of order in either ; but it seemed
to me peculiarly inappropriate for a person
opposed to considering a subject at all, to go
on to make a speech about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Owing, perhaps,_ to my
want of acquaintance with the proprieties of
legislative life, I cannot imagine how there can
be any impropriety in enforcing a rule of the
Senate ; and as the honorable member admits
that so far as the rule is concerned it applies
as well to a member who proposes to take up
as to a member who objects to taking up, and
assuming that the merits of a proposition were
in .some way ii llu ilod toby my friend from Maine,
[Mr. 1''ekse.\J)i:x.] and by my fiiund from Wis-
consin. [Mr. IIowk,] it would have boon, per-
haps—and, no doubt, if it, had suggested itself
to the honorable member from Illinois he would
have acted upon that impression—it would have
been as well to have made the objection when
they were alluding to the merits of the resolu-
tion. Hut the whole matter is now before the
Senate; I he member from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
Mtti.e] has ceased to say what, he had to say,
and the Senate, I suppose, are in a situation
to act. If llio vote is to be taken, I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. llOWK. 1 simply rise to correct a mis-
take inlo which my colleague fell. In rising to
reply to some remarks which he says he under-
stood the Senator from Maim? made, he took
occasion toKiy thai he had understood me also
toullirm tiie same thing. Whether the Senator
from Maine said whal my colleague attributed
to him or not 1 nm not pioparcd to dceide. 1
can only s;iy (hut my colleague was entirely
mistaken if he understood lue to assert any-
thing of the kind. f said nothing about any
assumption of the President of the United
State:;; and being up for the purpose of cor-
recting my colleasne upon a similar point for
the second lime, I wish to say to him very kindly
that, 1 wish hereafter, when he sees lit to criti-
cise anything which I say myself, he will direct,
himself to my language. 1 thoushl lie under-
took to destroy what little character 1 had some
time ago by associating the. Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Si'mner j with me. [Laughter.]
That, seemed to me pretty rough, [renewed
laughter;] but that he should follow up that,
attack by attempting to associate me with the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessexokn'] is quite
intolerable. [Continued laughter.] I hope f
shall not have occasion to correct this habit
again.
' Mr. DOOUTTLK. Allow me to say to my
colleague that nothing is more natural in I he
world than to associate him with my friend
from Maine, because ho was born in Maine and
used to sit in the Legislature of that State with
my friend from Maine. But I did really under-
stand my Colleague to say that lie understood
from what occurred yesterday and what had
occurred previously that the President did in
some way or other deny to the Senate the right
to judge on this question. As my colleague
disclaims anything of that sort, of course I
must have been mistaken; but I inferred that
from the remarks both of my colleague and of
the Senator from Maine. I hope my colleague
will take it as no offense that I associated him
with the Senator from Maine.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Browm Chandler, Clark,
Conncss, Cragin.Cres'welt, Fessendcn,Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Howard. Ho'We, Kirltwood, Lane of Indiana,
Morrill, Nye, Poland., Poinoroy, Jiamsey, faumner,
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—Jo.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalcw, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolitflc, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Laneof Kan-
sas, McDousrall, Morgan, Ncsmith, Norton, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, and Van
Winkle—19. Tr ,
ABSENT —Messrs, Foot, Henderson, Sprague,
Wright, and Yates—5.
So the motion was agreed to: and the Senate
proceeded to consider the House resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have
already, in what 1 stated on Wednesday and
this morning in the preliminary discussion, suf-
ficiently indicated to the Senate my opinion of
the importance of the resolution before the
body; but as it has just been laid upon our
tables in printed form I ask that it be read
before 1 proceed.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
llewlverfln/ the Ifouncof Representative*, (the Senate
coneiuriiip.) That in order t,o clo.se agitation upon a
question which seems likely to disturb the action of
the Government, as well us to quiet the uncertainty
which isa.Kitu.tinK the minds of thopcoploot'thc eleven
States which havobcendeelaredto bo ininsurrootion,
no Senator or Representative shall be admitted into
either branch of Oon«c«s from any of said States un-
til Congress shall hiivo declared such Statu entitled
to such representation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was averred by the
Senator from Ohio that we had previously acted
upon resolutions similar in their character. 1
am not, aware that we have. The resolution,
it will bo perceived, is nothing more nor less
than a legislative assertion by both Houses of
Congress that they will not proceed to act upon
t ho credentials of members from any of the
States which lately constituted the so-called
confederate States until they have previously
passed a law applicable to the condition of the
States themselves. This, if you will allow me
to say so, is in exact accordance with what Con-
gress has indicated as its intention heretofore.
It.was indicated in the last Conaress, and it was
indicated in a resolution which came directly
from the Committee on the Judiciary, of which
I he honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] wasamember, and, asl aminformed,
with his concnrvence, not, as applicable to all
the States, but as applicable t.n one of the
States. It is be fore me in a few words, and I will
read it. At the close of the report, that was
made to the Senate on the 1S(,h of February to
accompany joint resolution S. No. 117, on the
subject of the credentials of members claiming
seats from Louisiana, the last paragraph, which
1 will read, is :
"The persons ill possession of the local authorities
of Louisiana, having icbi-lied against the authority
of the United States,and her inhabihintshavmfjbecn
declared to bo in a state of insuirectum in pursuance
of a. law pa-sed by tbo two Houses of Congress, your
committee deem it improper tor this body to admitto
seats Senators fioin Louisiana, till by some joint ac-
tion ot both Houses there shall be ,-ome ;ci-o!tnifion
of an ixistiug State ftuwinim-ut, oclintr ill h'.ll'ulony
with the Uovernmentof the United States androcog-
ni/,iimr its authority."
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that the report of the
18th of February, 18(i">?
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Yes. sir. Now, there
is the principle laid down in so many words,
and agreed to, as 1 understand, specifically by
the honorable Senator from Maryland, whose
authority we all acknowledge, that inasmuch
as the State of Louisiana had been declared to
be in a state of rebellion, and intercourse with
it had been suspended by a law of Congress,
therefore Congress could not properly admit
members from that State, except in pursuance
of a law of Congress providing for her peculiar
condition—I do not pretend to repeat the ex-
act, language. When that resolution was intro
duced Into Congress, did it occasion any dis-
cussion upon thatprineiple or the propriety of
its application? Was there any objection made
to it here ? Was there any objection made any-
where? Did not everybody recognize the pro-
priety of that exact expression of opinion as
applied to the proposition to admit Senators
and Representatives from such a State? I was
not here at the time, but I am informed that
there was no discussion upon that particular
subject, and no fault was found with the partic-
ular course that was thus indicated, so far, at
least, as this principle was concerned.
How does it happen, then, that when a similar
resolution is proposed, one applicable to other
States that have been precisely in the like con-
dition, there seems to be so much sensitiveness
in the minds of gentlemeu ? How can it be
accounted for that what was thought to be so
proper as applicable to the State of Louisiana
should be so improper as applicable to these
other States? It is for gentlemen to answer.
Let us look a little further, and see what has
occurred since that time, because I feel some-
what sensitive on this subject. Charges have
been made with reference to the committee of
which I have the honor to be _ a member that
have somewhat affected my view of my own
condition, and I feel compelled not only to
vindicate that committee, but to vindicate the
action pf Congress with reference to it. Before
proceeding further, although exceedingly averse
to appealing to newspapers, yet as I learn from
all quarters that what 1 send to the Chair is a
correct statement of what was said on a recent
occasion, I will ask the Secretary to read an
extract which I have marked from a report in
the Morning Chronicle of a speech made by
the President of the United States to his fellow-
citizens.
The Secretary read as follows:
"But, inycoantrymen, after having passed through
the rebellion, and given such evidence asl have—
though men croak a great deal about it now [laugh-
ter}—when I look back through tho battle-fields ana
see many of these brave men, in whose company I
was, m parts of tho rebellion where it was most dif-
ficult and doubtful to be found, before tho smoke of
battle has scarcely passed away, before the blood sued
has scarcely congealed, what do we find ? The rebel-
lion is put down by tho strong arm of the Government
in the field; but is that tho only way in which we can
have rebellion? They struggled for the breaking up
of your Government; but before thoyaro scarcely out
of the battle-held, and before our brave men have
scarcely returned to their homes, to renew tho ties of
affection and love, we find ourselves almost in the
midst of another rebellion. [Applause.] The war to
suppress one rebellion was to prevent the separation
of the States, to prevent them from Hying olf, and
thereby changing the character of the Government
and weakening its power. Now what is the struggle?
There is an attempt to concentrate the power of the
Government in the hands of tho few, and thereby
hi ing about a consolidat ion which is equally danger-
ous and objectionable with separation, [Enthusiastic
applause.J Wo find that powers arc assumed and at-,
tempted to be exercised ot a most extraordinary char-
acter. What are they?
" We find that Governments can be revolutionized,
can be changed, without going into the battle-iiclcL
Sometimes revolutions, the most disastrous to the
people, ure effected without tho shedding of blood.
The substance of government may be token away,
while the iorm and shadow is still adhered to. Now.
what arc tho attempts? What is being proposed?
We find that, in fact, by an irresponsible, central
directory, nearly all the powers of Government are
a.^umed, without even consulting the legislative or
executive departments of Government. Yes! and by
resolution reported by a committee, upon whom all
tho legislative power of the Government has been
conferred, that groat principle in the Constitution
which authorizes and empower1? each branch of tho
legislative department, tho Senate and House of
IiepreM-nUitives to be the judges of the election and
qualification of its own members, has been virtually
taken away from those departments of Government
and conferred upon a committee, who must report
betore they can act under the Constitution and allow
members dulvelectcd to tako their seats. By this rule
they assume that there must be laws passed, that there
must be recognition in respect to a State in the Union,
with all its practical relations restored, before the re-
spective Houses of Congress, under the Constitution,
shall judge of the election and qualification of its own
members. What position is that? You have been
struggling for four years to put down the rebellion.
You denied in the beginning of the struggle that any
State had the right to go out; you said that they had
neither richt nor power. The issue has been made,
and it has been settled that a State has neither the
right nor the power to go out of thcUnion; and when
you have settled that by the executive and military
power of the Government and by tho public judg-
ment, you turn round and assume that they are out,
and shall not uome in. [Laughter and cheers.]
