3884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
liminary to their beginning to perform it; and
to palter with this company the Senator thinks
is very improper.
This company, it seems to me, do not place
themselves in a very enviable position by com-
ing before this Senate and asking the Senate,
nearly one year before the time when their
contract was to be executed, to relievo them
from the performance of at least one third of
the expense they incurred, without diminishing
one dollar of the amount of money to be paid.
Why cannot this company have a little of this
princely magnificence and say, "Inasmuch as
we ask the Government to relieve us of one
third of the expens^ which, by the terms of the
contract, we were to bo charged with, if Gov-
ernment will relieve us, we will perform the
residue of the servioo for two thirds of the
amount of the contract." Why do not the com-
pany do that? Is the Government of the Uni-
ted States paltering with them because we hold
them to a contract which they do not claim is
a heavy one ?
The honorable Senator says they would not
have offered to make this coutract unless they
had supposed they were going on the direct
route from San Francisco to China or Japan.
Did this company make this contract openly,
avowedly, in writing, plainly, explicitly, with a
secret reservation that as soon as it was mado
they would get it altered? Is that what is
meant by their understanding of the contract?
Surely the contract was a straight contract
enough. There is 110 doubt about what the
contract means. This company were required
by their contract to go from San Francisco by
the way of llonolula, to China and Japan,
twelve times, if I mistake not, per annum for
$.300,000. Now, they come here, and the hon-
orable Senator says that that is a very round-
about way to go to Japan, and they want togo
to Japan, and they want to go in astraight line,
instead of going round by Honolulu. Mr.
3Resident, was this munificent company com-
posed of landlubbers who did not know the
way by water from San Francisco to China and
Japan when they mado their contract? Did
they notknow something about the great circles
and Maury's charts of the sea and the dilli-
eulty of getting to China by way of the Sand-
wich Islands as well when they made this con-
tract as they do now? Why, sir, it looks to me,
the more I examine this matter, as though, had
it been inadefurtherdown Fast, weshould hare
talked about some little Yankee trickery in a
contract of this kind ; and that they made a con-
tract in this way with a view, after it was done,
of being relieved from the onerous and burden-
some part of it, and holding on to the part that
was profitable to the company. That may be a
most ungenerous suspicion ; but when the gen-
tleman talks about the Government paltering
with the company because we refuse to give
them a doncmr of $00,000, I think it is as
well to look the whole contract over. But for
the stipulation that the steamers should touch
at Honolulu, out and back, I would not have
voted for this subsidy in the outset—without
that stipulation, I do not believe it would have
passed Congress. It is an important part, to
my constituents the most important part of
the service.
Now, I say, Mr. President, that it is fair to
treat this company just according to the terms
and sense of the contract, saying to them,
"You have made this contract; now go on
and perform it." If you find at the end of it,
or at the end of one year, that there has been
something mysterious which we did not know
when we began, which calls upon the Govern-
ment, acting liberally, honestly, and fairly, to
make an additional appropriation to them, I
slia.il be one of those, if I should chance to be
here, who will vote to pay them an additional
price over and above the contract price, if it
appeal's that the contract has proved a hard
one for the parties under circumstances which
they could not reasonably foresee. But when
the contract stands as this does, perfectly fair,
open, honest, and above-board, for us now to
give them $o0,000 more by way of addition
before they begin to perform it, is throwing
away money; and it is not, as it seems to me,
the most liberal course or the most uprightand
honorable for this company to ask it at the
hands of this Government.
Mr. CONNESS. I would not say one word
more on this subject were it not for the fact
that all that the Senator has said is based upon
an assumption of the Senator's own, namely,
that in making this release the company are
relieved from one third of the expenses of run-
ning the line. Who told the Senator that that
was so? Certainly it does not appear in the
report made. I presume that the Senator knew
that of his own knowledge. Ho assumes it
merely; but I say to the Senator that he is en-
tirely mistaken. Here is San Francisco on the
map that I have before me; here are the Sand-
wich Islands; and here is J apan, the next point
to be touched at.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator pardon me
for a moment?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
'Mr. FOSTER. The Senator says that I as-
sume that this proposition relieves the com-
pany from one third ol'the expense of running
the line. I may have used one third as an illus-
tration, not meaning of course to speak of that
as the precise sum. He assumes, however, that
I assert of my own knowledge, without any evi-
dence, that this is relieving the company of a
portion of their expenses. 1 beg leave to read
the last sentence of the letter of the Postmaster
General, to be found on the sixth and seventh
pages of the report:
"The facts, however, must not bo overlooked, that
by adopting the shorted routes tlie company will be
relieved from heavy expenses in the coaling, A'e.. of
their steamships for four days' steaming in one direc-
tion and three days in the other, in addition to the
cowt of tho nocessary accommodations at the port of
Honolulu."
That may be all a figment of the imagina-
tion, possibly, too.
Mr. CONFESS. Mr. President, it is a fig-
ment of the imagination, whether it comes
from the Postmaster General or the honorable
Senator or any one else. There is nothing bet-
ter known by the merest tyro in connection
with nautical affairs and with the running of
steamships than that when you are compelled
to increase the speed you increase the consump-
tion of fuel, not in a small ratio, but in an ex-
traordinary ratio. If this company are com-
pelled to touch at the Sandwich Islands, speed
at once is set aside; they do not enter upon
the race at all, but make slow voyages. If, 011
the contrary, a release bo granted, then they
at once take the short trip, put on steam, in-
crease their speed, increase their expenses,
and in place of relieving them from expense
the iclease absolutely increases their expendi-
tures. There is nothing more certain than
that. It is an error that the Postmaster Gen-
eral might have very readily fallen into; for
though an enlightened oflicer, and I will say
the most so perhaps that ever was placed at
the head of the Post Office Department, it is
very easy for him to be mistaken or to fall into
the error that the Senator has fallen into,
doubtless in the same manner, that because
you shorten the voyage you therefore reduce
the expenses. Sir, I would not vote to release
this company from touching at the Sandwich
Islands upon any condition unless it shall be a
condition that shall compel them to make more
rapid trips, thereby increasing their expendi-
tures.
Mr. FOSTER. It was a little unfortunate,
that being the state of things, that the joint
resolution, as reported, did not provide for
anything but the same number of round trips
jer annum that the original contract provided
for ; and so far from making it necessary that
tho steamers should run faster, they might have
performed their contract and run slower; and
for aught that the contract or that the joint
resolution reported by the committee would
impose on the company, they could save money
in two ways: first, by not having to run so
many days, and secondly, by running even at
a less speed than before.
Mr. CONNESS. I will simply say, in reply
to that, that had I, or the committee, the slight-
est doubt that this company were engaged in
the true spirit of the undertaking, in a great
work, more anxious than the Government
could be to make it a great success, that con-
dition would have been imposed; and as soon
as it was presented or even spoken of by the
honorable Senator, he will bear me witness
that 1 at once accepted it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am sorry that
the discussion ofthis question has elicited any
particular heat and warmth of debate owing
to the thermometer. The honorable Senator
from Connecticut, whose voice I am alwpys glad
to hear in the discussion of these questions, as
we hear it so seldom 
Mr. FOSTER. Some things are to be prized
on account of their rarity.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Connecticut has seemed to assume that this
company has been guilty of some wrong, or
that they made a contract which they them-
selves did not understand. I do not think that
either of those facts exists. This company
made a contract to run ships of throe thousand
tons burden by way of Honolulu to China,
touching at Japan. In commencing their oper-
ations they were met by the fact that the Brit-
ish Government, with more formidable ships
than theirs, was competing for the mastery of
this trade; and they at once in a spirit, I think,
of great maguanimity, instead of a spirit of
meanness or a spirit of ignorance, set them-
selves to work to build ships of a thousand
tons burden more, thereby increasing the cost
of the ships largely, for the purpose not only
of performing their contract with the Govern-
ment, but of doing what is more essential to
this country, controlling the commerce of that
great eastern country. I have no particular
friendship for this company, and do not know
them except as a company. 1 know that such
a company exists. But I assert that instead
of its being any evidence of their meanness 01
any evidence of their ignorance, they have at-
tempted to rise to the importance of the occa-
sion and to do for this country what it is most
anxious to secure—the control of the com-
merce of this eastern country.
Now, sir, I do not think it even partakes of
Yankeeism (and beinga Yankee I have a right
to speak as freely on that subject as the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut) when they
build ships a thousand tons larger than they
agreed to do. They have not only done that,
but instead of acting anything but the part of
magnanimity and honor they come here, in
advance of the time, as the honorable Senator
from Connecticut says, to lay this state of facts
before the Congress of the United States, and
ask it to relieve them from that portion of the
contract requiring them to touch at Honolulu.
Why do they ask that? Does the honorable
Senator assume that it is because it is simply
and solely a question of profit to them ? I
answer that that is not fairly inferable at all.
They undoubtedly can make this trip quicker,
and I will assume for the purposes of this argu-
ment a little cheaper, by running direct instead
of round about by Honolulu ; but,, sir, they
hold out to the Government this great incentive:
they say the Government is threatened with
opposing lines to control this great commercial
intercourse of this country.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. What lines are we threat-
ened with now that we were not threatened
with at the time this contract was made?
Mr. NYE. I will answer the Senator from
Iowa by saying that I read in a San Francisco
paper that not only the British Government
but the French Government were now in ne-
gotiations for the purpose of putting on two
lines between San Francisco and Hong Kong,
in China. This is the evidence that 1 have.
Mr. GRIMES. A San Francisco newspaper.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, a San Francisco news-
paper, as much entitled to credit and which
