2904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
can have some higher assurance that they will
be protected in their rights, and they therefore
ask that Congress shall declare these roads
postal and military roads and commercial high-'
ways, and thus give them the high sanction of
the national legislature that they may go for-
ward without fear of disturbance or interruption.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to give us some
further information upon the point embraced
•in the inquiry of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson ;] that is, as to the corporation
that is to exercise the rights conferred by this
bill. I believe I am right when I say that this
Cleveland and Mahoning Railroad Company,
having finished their road to Youngstown, have
leased that road for a long term, perhaps for
ninety-nine years, to the Atlantic and Great
Western Eailwav Company, in which Sir Mor-
ton Peto ivas interested. Now, I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio whether I am right
in this, and also whether, if this bill be passed,
the rights and franchises conveyed by it will'
pass to the Cleveland and Mahoning Kailroad
Company, or to the English company to which
I have referred.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not to the English com-
pany. The Cleveland and Mahoning Railroad
Company, although they have leased a part of
their road, have preserved their organization
intact.
Mr. BLxVINE. For how long have they
granted a lease ?
Mr. GARFIELD. For ninety-nine years.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it not for nine hundred
and ninety-nine years?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir. Although the
company has leaded a branch of its road the
corporation still preserves its distinct charac-
ter, and is going forward as a corporation to
complete its road.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio. If this corpo-
ration has granted away its franchises, can it,
by virtue of a new grant from us, resume its
franchises and prevent its grantees from exer-
cising those franchises?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not know that I
quite understand the gentleman's question.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know the facts in
this case; but I desire to submit this inquiry
to the gentleman from Ohio: if it be true that
this company has granted these rights to an
English company 
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me interrupt the
gentleman just here to say that the company
has merely leased the use of a portion of its
road to an English company. It has not sold
its franchises.
Mr. BLAINE. For how long has the lease
been granted?
Mr. GARFIELD. For ninety-nine years,
as I have already stated.
Mr. BLAINE. With the privilege of re-
newal.
Mr. DAWES. Lot me conclude the question
I was putting 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
WOT AT MEMPHIS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in response to a resolution
of the House of the 28th instant, transmitting
two reports of Major General Stoneman con-
cerning the recent riot at Memphis.
The communication, with the accompanying
documents, was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
LEAVE Off ABSENCE.
Mr. CLARK, of Ohio, asked leave of ab-
sence for Mr. Buxdy.
Leave was granted.
drawbacks under internal revenue act.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
if«9olved. That the Committee of "Way3 and Means
bo directed to inquire whether the rules and regula-
tions prescribed for obtaining evidenco of exporta-
tion to entitle exporters to tiio benefit of drawback
under theactto provide internal revenue are not un-
necessarily expensive and burdensome, and whether
existing rules upon that subject ought not to be re-
vised and amended; and that the said committee
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
circuit court.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize judges
to be allotted to hold circuit courts; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
crimes against tiie united states.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill to repeal certain
parts of the act approved April 30, 1790, en-
titled "An act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
proceedings in criminal cases.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill to amend an act
regulating proceedings in criminal cases,, and
for other purposes, approved March 3, 1865;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
reconstruction.
The morning hour having expired, the House,
agreeably to order, resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 543, to restore to the States
lately in insurrection their full political rights,
on which Mr. Bromwell was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, I deem
myself fortunate in being permitted to take
any part in the work of pacification and resto-
ration of the Government upon which we have
entered. I would even deem myself fortunate
to be permitted to speak at this time if it were
possible for me to vindicate the great principles
embodied in these measures in so ample a man-
ner as the occasion requires.
As when the war of the Revolution had ended
it was the work of years to define the principles
and settle the forms of this Government, so now,
when this war of independence has terminated,
the task remains to repair as far as possible the
disasters of the nation, and provide for the resto-
ration and reconstruction of our institutions
upon such principles and by such means as will
secure to all the inhabitants of this Union the
blessings of free, orderly, and permanent Gov-
ernment.
I do not say that this must be the work of
years. I do not wish to see any further delay
in this matter than is absolutely necessary to
secure the most complete and successful re-
sults ; but I will say that no wise man can
expect to accomplish these ends by hot haste
in such a work as this. Wherefore I have been
and still am for the most mature deliberation,
and the closest scrutiny into the principles of
our Government, and into every requirement
of this emergency which the subject will admit.
Could I have my way, I would exhaust every
power of this Congress, and all the laws of
nations, and the laws of war so far as they are
in agreemen t with our Con stitntion; and if those
were not sufficient I would amend our organic
law until it should no longer be under the
reproach of being insufficient in that point
which is vital in all constitutions.
I cannot but regard the series of measures
which have been in part adopted, and are in
part still pending before this House, as among
the most notable which the world has ever seen;
for if we consider the vast extent of territory
over which they will act, the millions of beings
whose condition they will affect, and the grand
destinies directly ana indirectly involved in their
operation, we may venture to assign to these
measures an importance in the eyes of future
historians and statesmen second to none the
world has seen; not even the famous Magna
Charta, the Declaration of American Independ-
ence, the Ukase of Freedom of the Czar of all
the Russias, nor all these it' combined.
It is to be expected measures like these which
dedicate half a continent to equal rights, which
strike down by a series of blows every form of
despotism and unshackle a whole nation in a
day, should meet with every form of opposition,
and should call up against them every interest,
passion, and prejudice which has warred against
liberty until now.
For why, Mr, Speaker, is it that all men,
everywhere, are not now and have not been at
all times free? Is it because every man has
not desired freedom for himself? Is it because
society has not at all times desired freedom
for all society? On the contrary, liberty, the
same of which we now speak, has been the
watchword of all nations. It has been the theme
of the poet, orator, and statesman, from the
rude chant of Skald and Trouvcre to the pol-
ished sentences of Roman jurists or of the phi-
losophers of the modern world, all have spoken
and breathed for liberty, yet nations which
loved liberty have lived in chains : democracies
have organized oligarchies; oligarchies have
crawled as slaves to despots; and despotism
has generated anarchy ; and thus the world has
struggled on groaning through shifting scenes
of turmoil and oppression until now, with
scarcely a spot on the whole surface of the
globe where organized freedom has been se-
cured to the body of the people.
It is because liberty exists in its securities and
not in its promulgation, and because nations
have ignored the only security the case admits
of, that liberty has been defeated first and last.
There is but one security, and that is justice.
He who would enlarge the area of freedom must
first enlarge the area of justice, for justice and
liberty are twin sisters; they cannot be separ-
ated. Where justice reigns liberty takes up her
abode and is without an enemy in the whole
domain.
For this reason, as we have seen, the Revo-
lution of 1T76 fell short of accomplishing all
which it might have accomplished, because
entire justice had not been done in this coun-
try in laying the foundations of the Govern-
ment. For this reason we have seen a bill
guarantying civil rights in our day met with
opposition, precisely such as the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, and precisely
such opposition as has met every measure of
freedom from the beginning until now.
Though the results achieved by the Rev-
olution of 1776 fell far short of what might
have been attained, yet we still boast with pride
that during a period of twenty years, including
the time of the Revolution itself, more was
done for freedom than during twenty cen-
turies before. Therefore we may well look
back and take a lesson from the past.
Ninety years ago the people of this country
were united in an effort to rid themselves from
transatlantic tyranny. At this season of that
memorable-year, after the battles of Lexington
and Bunker Hill had been fought, the multitudes
of the cities and the scattered dwellers in the
mountains and valleys were perplexed and op-
pressed with the weight of the great problems
then forced upon them. The long agitation of
years had brought a crisis, and war, terrible in
its destruction and unmeasured in its burdens,
or political servitude for themselves and their
posterity, must then be chosen. Who cannot
see that at such a crisis as that radical meas-
ures, and radical measures only, could suffice?
Who will not see that any such tinkering as is
called conservatism would have been a mockery
at such an hour, when the destiny of the nation
was to be settled by measures absolute and firm?
And now, sir, what do we see? A like crisis
has come upon us; and now, when that ele-
ment of wrong which was left in this Govern-
ment has worked on until the terrible convulsion
it has produced has destroyed the institutions
of government in one third of the States;
when the people are just returning from the
terrible conflict which raged from border to
border of the land, what do we hear? The
self-same arguments, the same outcry, which
rang in the ears of the radicals of the Revolu-
tion. Centralism, radicalism, ultraism, des-
potism—these are the cries. The reserved
