2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
earth was honeycombed with graves? Who
wonders that the angel of destruction spread
his wings upon the smoke of a thousand battle-
fields and rode on the flames of consuming
cities through half our land? It was but one
of the retributions which this nation brought
upon itself.
Now, sir, I come to a principle of law which
no man will deny. I say that if there is one
obligation on earth which a man is bound to
respect more than all others, it is the obligation
of a trust. We are the trustees of that unfor-
tunate race who have been our victims. We
are not so created by any law; we are not so
appointed by any court; but we are "trustees
in our own wrong." We made ourselves such,
and we cannot shirk off the duty. It is because
our people feel the weight of this truth that
they are ready to support such measures as the
Freedmen's Bureau bill,which has been sneered
at and scoffed at as paying out the hard-earned
money of the people for "lazy niggers," not
admitting the truth that it paid more for white
refugees, the victims of this rebellion. Sir, if
it paid ten times as much for the black man it
would not discharge the debt of blood and
sweat and groans which is heaped up against
this people.
We are trustees of that unfortunate race.
We brought them here. They are turned loose
011 our hands. Other natfons have lands and
homes and property, but these people have
nothing we would allow them to call their own.
And I cannot see how a man can find it in his
heart to turn round at this hour, when thou-
sands of them are turned penniless from the
fields where they bore our flag, and with his
soul squatting in its cavern meanly count the
vile pennies that would serve to give himself
the title patent of manhood if he would stand
up and take the responsibilities which himself
and his God have imposed on him.
When all else fails, we are reminded of Mr.
Lincoln's policy; we are told that Mr. Lin-
coln's was identical with this policy which
paves the way for the, entrance of the rebels
into power and scatters palms and flowers un-
der their feet—this policy which shuts the door
in the face of the black man and the loyal
white man of the South.
Who was Abraham Lincoln ? And why do
these apologists for treason and slavery appeal
to him? I, too, can speak of Abraham Lin-
coln, for I can do so without the consciousness ,
that in his life-time, during the years of his !
patience and perplexity and pain, I had spoken !
of him otherwise. I will not tell you how
much I was his friend, for that would be to
signalize my own regard for virtue. I will not
try to express to you my feelings on that dole-
ful day, and since, for the interior feelings of
the heart shrink from expression, and this the
more so as they are more interior and worthy
of a man. But I will speak of one thing, that
he was great. It may not affect these meas-
ures that he was so, but we may well inquire
ichy it was so. What was the quality in him
which made him so ? The people, the world,
and we have said that he was great, thathenee-
forth his name must stand with those of the
most illustrious few; those chosen and sepa-
rated in the minds of men, even from the mul-
titude of world-wide renown; those whose
moral forms rise from distance to distance
along the river of centuries, as the pyramids,
complete and eternal, tower above wrecks^and
rubbish along the desert-bound, mysterious
Nile.
Abraham Lincoln was great. The people
say it in their cottages where he was a wel-
comed and an equal guest; the cities, from
their palaces, at whose portals the great rose
up to do him reverence; the traveler by the
wayside; the soldiers from their tents; and we
have assembled in the capital of the nation to
confirm and write it down. Whywas hegreat?
It was not because of birth. It was not because
of education. It was not because of eloquence ;
although he had uttered some of the most elo-
quent sentences in the language. It was not
by military prowess, for he never commanded
in the field. What was it? The truth is, the
people saw in him something they never ex-
pected to see—a ruler of a great, powerful, and
turbulent nation devoted to the truth above all
things; to human rights as the foundation of all
governmental institutions. They saw in him
a man clad with power such as no scepter
ever wielded, who walked humbly before his
God, whose presence and authority he was nob
ashamed to recognize in every act of his official
career. They heard words from him which
touched the tenderest and subtlest chords of
human feeling; words which pierced the cov-
erings of interest and prejudice, and silenced
the obdurate passions which those who possess
them still wish to subdue; words filled with
truth and wisdom and charity, as the choice and
heavy grains of the harvest are fitted with nu-
triment and life ; words which appealed to the
obscured nobleness of the human soul, winning
and drawing by reciprocal influences of sympa-
thy, until the affections of men's hearts every-
where stretched forth their eager and grasping
tendrils to twine about his own, and Abraham
Lincoln became the good St. John of the new
dispensation now dawning on the world, amd
which I trust will soon be set up by the Amer-
ican people in the name of God and humanity.
Well may we come up here to celebrate by
words and acts his life-long devotion to high
principles, those distinguished deeds which
have made his name familiar and will make
it familiar to the eye and ear of men until the
tablets of history shall crumble beneath the
corrosions of the ages or the waters of obliv-
ion whelm the choral bark of song. Deeds
which have not only canonized but apotheo-
sized him in the hearts of the American peo-
ple, since his shed blood before our eyes has
realized the mythiclegend ofthe beloved Baldur
slain by the enemy of light and truth. And here
let me ask, why were we so shocked by his assas-
sination? Why did we look on it, not as mur-
der but as profanation, not as a crime of
earth but as an assault of hell? Why is it that
we feel to-day as though we could not be con-
tent unless we could express, by visible signs,
our horror of the crime? Is it not for the
same reason that the ancients cast dust in
the air when they saw the divine truth profaned
by acts of sacrilege; because that justice and
liberty are stricken down by the blow which
smote the beloved Chief Magistrate of this
Republic; because it was but another of those
strokes which have been aimed so often at the
life of the nation, and which, as the life-long
champion of the principles of the Declaration
of American Independence, he received in his
own bodj' as the head and front of the Amer-
ican nation which that charter founded? Dis-
guise it as we may, deny it as we can, the
reason why the world and we have been so
much moved, is not that a man was slain, but
that a champion had fallen ; not that a cham-
pion only, but that the champion ofa cause was
smitten; not that a cause was assaulted, but
that the cause in which all men have an inter-
est dearer than life was stricken by his death-
blow.
There is but one way to honor Abraham Lin-
coln. It is not by crying out that his policy
was this or that; it is not by going with tears
and sighs to his grave ; but it is by laying the
foundations of this Government on the prin-
ciples he professed; by carrying them out as
he did in every sphere of life through which he
passed, from the beginning when he worked as
a tiller of western soil, up to that hour when
on the steps of this Capitol he uttered his
second inaugural address, so different from
all the state papers of the world, which yet
rings through our cars as the voice of one
of the ancient prophets who spoke for Jehovah
Sabaoth to the hosts of Israel. It is only by
doing this that we can accomplish the end we
have in view. Without this our sorrow for
him is but grief dressed up for an occasion that
sounding eulogies may invite applause. But
when we lay the foundations of this Govern-
ment in truth and justice and the protection of
human rights, then we may welcome in that
golden* age of which he spoke in words that I
will borrow now that I may clothe my own
with their transcendent beauty, when he said:
"The chords of memory stretching from every
battle-field and patriot grave to every heart and
hearth-stone in this broad land shall yet swell tho
chorus of the Union when they shall be touched, as
they surely will be, by the better angels of our
nature."
Welcome, such angels, welcome to this Hall,
and at this hour. Come^Liberty, come, Union,
come, Peace; clasp your hands, and rest once
more your folding wings beside the altar of
our common country.
Mr. HART obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the consent of the
gentleman from NewYork, [Mr. Hart,] who
yields to me for that purpose, I desire to move
that this subject be postponed until Monday
next after the morning hour. I make the mo-
tion at the request of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] of the reconstruction
committee, who, being upon the invalid list,
has been compelled to retire to his lodgings.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
pay op tub army.
The SPEAKER stated that the next special
order was bill of the House No. 450, to reduce
and establish the pay of the officers and to reg-
ulate the pay of the soldiers of the armies of
the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order to facilitate the
consideration of this bill, and to enable amend-
ments to be offered directly to it, I will ask that
the substitute reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs be considered as the original
biil.
No objection was made, and the substitute
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
was read in lieu of the original bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] if he proposes
to make any provision for the pay of a general.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have an amendment
to propose which will meet the point of the
inquiry of the gentleman from New Jefsey,
[Mr. Wright.]
Mr. Speaker, I believe the House will acquit
me of any disposition, either in regard to its
general business or when considering any mat-
ter which comes from my own committee, to
protract discussion by making speeches for
speaking sake. I prefer, so far as practicable,
always to have business debate upon the sub-
ject which may be under consideration by the
House. I propose, therefore, not to speak in
general terms of our Army and its organization,
but of that very important element connected
with its prosperity and usefulness, the pay and
compensation that shall be allowed to those
who are engaged in the public service in that
Army. And 1 will explain the particular object
the committee had in view in the bill which
they now present for the consideration and
action of the House, and those circumstances
and existing facts which seem to require that a
a change shall be made in the present mode of
compensating those who serve, either as officers
or men, in the armies of the United States.
This bill, it will be observed, is entitled "A
bill to reduce and establish the pay of the offi-
cers and to regulate the pay of the soldiers of
the armies of the United States." In one .sense
it increases the pay of the soldiers by retain-
ing to them the pay allowed by law, that which
was given them during the late war, and not
permitting that pay to expire by limitation, and
thus revert to the old pay of thirteen dollars
per month. So far as the officers are con-
cerned, this is a bill not so much to reduce
their compensation in any great degree as il
is to attempt by legislation to readjust the sys-
tem of payment now in use in the Army so far
as officers are concerned. Tho pay of the
officers of the Army of the United States has
always been rather a mystery to outsiders and
the uninitiated ; and well it maybe. It.seems
to me that at no time heretofore, nor even now,
have the officers of the Army been at all ade-
quately recompensed for their service, when
you consider their pay proper. Their pay proper
