1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
consideration of this bill which I trust will be
satisfactory to all sides.
I propose that the bill, important as it is
admitted upon all -sides to be, shall first be
read through, and then read section by section
for amendment, as though in Committee of
the Wlwle. When it shall have been read I
shall aslc the attention of the House for, I
think, not more than fifteen or twenty min-
utes, in order that I may give the House some
idea of the general features of the bill, of the
line of legislation that the House committee
has thought proper to pursue, as_ contradis-
tinguished in some points from that which we
find iu the bill which has been sent to us from
the Senate, and which has also been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; and, as
I do not mean to be interrupted during that
fifteen minutes by anybody, 1 trust no gentle-
man will consider me discourteous if I do not
yield the floor to him. But in order that every
one may have a fair opportunity I propose not
to call the previous question on the bill, but
that it shall be considered section by section,
so as to give gentlemen an opportunity to bring
forward their amendments and present their
views to the House. That, I think, is but fair.
I propose, however, that the debate shall
be limited by general consent to ten-minute
speeches, for five minutes is scarcely long
enough. And I will not call the previous
question except it be upon some particular
section, the previous question to apply only to
that particular section, if the discussion seems
to run to an unreasonable length upon it, just
as in Committee, of the Whole the motion is
made that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing debate on a particular section.
My object is to secure a fair consideration
to this bill, and upon the part of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to invite the aid of mem-
bers of the House on all sides to perfect the bill
and put it in such a shape as will secure the
best organization for this great arm of the pub-
lie defense. I will ask that this may be the
general understanding.
Mr. THAYER, Mr. DAVIS, and Mr.
CHANLEK objected.
Mr. SCHEXCK. Vervwell; then if it shall
become necessary, where it appears that this
bill is made a peg to hang long speeches upon,
I shall be compelled to call the previous ques-
tion on the entire bill.
Mr. C1IANLER. I desire to submit a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schexck.] There may be more persons qn
this side of the House who by the arrange-
ment he proposes may be cut off.
The SPEAKER. If objection is made to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schexck, ) it cannot be adopted.
Mr. CHANLER. I only desire to have the
arrangement fully understood before it is com-
pleted. And therefore I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio before this arrangement
is made 
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to my colleague
[Mr. ( 'it.vy e.t;r ] to withdraw his objection.
Mr. CHANLER. Well, I was about to do
so without any appeal.
Mr. CONKLING. If my colleague will allow,
I will say that it seems to me that the sugges-
tion made by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs is a very fair one. If tny
colleague across the way [Mr. Chanler] and
my colleague nearer to me [Mr. Davis] wish
to make remarks to an extent greater than ten
minutes they can make them now, and agree
afterward to the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and then we
can go on and consider the bill.
Mr. CHANLER. I am very much obliged
#> my colleague [ Mr. Conklixg] for his usual
courtesy and kindness in taking the very words
out of my mouth while I am upon the floor.
I was about to make exactly the same sug-
gestion. The only object I had in rising
was to make the very suggestion, and in the
very words that he has just made. I do not
wish to debate the bill at large, but if any gen-
tleman desires to debate it at large I propose
that he shall have an opportunity to do so be-
fore the proposed arrangement shall be entered
into. Then the gentleman from Ohio can bring
forward his ten-minute limitation, and have the
bill debated under that rule.
Mr. THAYER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to the arrangement proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, if he will agree to have
speeches limited to fifteen minutes instead of
ten minutes.
Mr. SCHBKTCK. I thought that when I was
willing to limit myself to fifteen minutes in the
general explanation of the bill, ten minutes
upon each amendment would he enough for
members. My desire is to economize the time
of the House, and to make this a business
debate. It is not the desire of the committee,
and certainly it is not my desire, that this Army
bill shall be made a peg upon which to hang
long speeches upon general subjects. And I
do not think my friend from Pennsylvania has
any desire to indulge in any such debate. If
he thinks that ten minutes upon each amend-
ment is not enough, then I will consent to the
limitation of fifteen minutes.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that we first
hear the bill read through. We can then
ascertain whether there is any desire for any
general debate longer than the time which he
has proposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was my proposition,
that the bill be first read through, then I would
make a brief explanation of tlie general char-
acter and object of the bill. After which the
bill will be read section by section for amend-
ment, during which time debate shall be lim-
ited to speeches of ten minutes each.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the bill be read
through before that' arrangement is made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I give notice that I
will submit that proposition to the House as
soon as the bill shall have been read.
The bill was then read at length.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has suggested that the bill be read by sections
for amendment, and that debate be limited to
fifteen minutes. Is there any objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is not
necessary for me to speak of the importance
of the bill which we have now before us for
consideration. It relates to the great arm of
the public defense, to the number, classifica-
tion, and condition of the troops necessary to
constitute that arm as it shall hereafter be pre-
served for the public defense. This bill, em-
bodying after much investigation and consid-
eration the views of the Committee on Military
Affairs, has been brought by them before the
House with a request, heretofore made to the
House and which I now repeat, that we shall
have, as we progress with the bill, the aid of
the Representatives here assembled in putting
the bill, by any requisite amendments, in such
a shape as will best accomplish its great objects
and the good of the country, for which it is
intended.
I have very little to say in regard to the gen-
eral features of the bill except as they shall
disclose themselves as we proceed in its con-
sideration section by section, as the House, has
resolved to do. I will make, however, the
general remark that this bill is framed in con-
formity to the views of the Lieutenant General
of the Army, sanctioned by the Secretary of
War, in so far as it regards the number of the
standing Army proposed to bo provided for
the future protection of the country. Accord-
ing to the recommendations of those officers,
it provides for an Army which shall consist of
fifty thousand men, but with an organization
capable of expansion to eighty-two thousand
six hundred. Gentlemen may differ with each
other and with the committee in regard to what
should now be the number of the standing
Army of these United States. I confess that
the impression which has been upon my mind
for many months, and which is not yet entirely
removed, is that we ought to preserve an Army
of at least one hundred thousand men. I, how-
ever, yield my own opinion upon that subject
to the high authority of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral, whose view is concurred in by the Secre-
tary of War in his report, and sanctioned, I
believe, by the President in communicating to
us that report. I have been willing to take
the standard which they propose, and which
has been embodied as one of the general
features of this bill.
Some gentlemen, taking a different view,
willdoubtless claim that there oughtto be either
no standing army at all, or a very small one,
perhaps not larger than that which existed
before the war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, to serve only as a nucleus for expansion
into such force as may be needed by the addi-
tion of the militia and volunteer forces of the
country that may be called out in any emer-
gency. .
Without going into a detailed statement of
the reasons which led to the conclusion arrived
at by the Lieutenant General, by the Secretary
of War, and by the committee, it will, in my
opinion, be found that, in view of the vast
extent of our sea-eoast, requiring garrisons at
different points, not only upon tjie Atlantic but
also upon the Pacific, including the whole coast
of California; considering also the numerou*
interior posts of the country, and the probabl<
necessity, owing to the disturbed condition of
the country, of keeping up here and there the
nucleus of a force to be mobilized if occasion
sl\ould require in the southern districts of this
country, the general number agreed upon is
by no means too great. Taking in view all
these elements of calculation, bearing in mind
the garrisons that will be necessary for all our
military posts and for the Indian frontier, and
the force that will be required for the various
expeditions which must from time to time be
undertaken, and the troops that may bo requi-
site in different parts of the country for secu-
ring and preserving the public peace, the aggre-
gate cannot properly be less than that which
the committee have made the basis of their bill.
The bill which has been passed by the Sen-
ate, and which is now before the Committee
on Military Affairs, does provide for a smaller
number, but only in this one particular: the
Senate proposes fifty as the number of infantry
regiments, while we have provided for fifty-
five, the latter being in accordance with the
bill as originally proposed in the Senate, and
in accordance with the recommendations of
the Lieutenant General and the Secretary of
War, this reduction of five regiments being
apparently for the purpose of crowding out and
getting rid of the Veteran Reserve corps. We
retained the fifty-five regiments, using ten of
them for the Veteran Reserve corps. They
would have but fifty regiments, and have the
whole fifty to the exclusion of that corps, or in
providing for new officers outside of that corps
hereafter to be retained in the service of the
country.
Then as to the cost of the Army we propose,
any gentleman who has looked at the public
documents laid before the House is familiar
with the fact that the appropriation made for
the support of the Army and forces in the field
during the last year of the rebellion was
$516,000,000. The estimate, subject, however,
to some small deductions for the reduction of
officers made in our bill—the estimate sub-
mitted for an army to be retained such as we
propose now by the bill before the House—was
$33,000,000 in the aggregate, being about the
sixteenth part of what it cost the country to
retain the Army during the last year of the
war.
Another feature in this bill, in which there
is a slight difference, (and gentlemen have
requested me to state the differences between
this and the bill which passed the Senate,) is
in the number of colored troops retained.
The Senate propose eight regiments of col-
ored troops. The House proposes eight regi-
ments of colored troops so far as infantry are
concerned. Two regiments, cf the twelve regi-
ments of cavalry provided for in both bills,
in the Senate bill it is provided shall be col-
