1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sustain that message, whatever good reasons
might be given in other parts of it. Under
those circumstances, and, I will confess, influ-
enced by that particular message, influenced
by those views and statements of the President,
the committee of fifteen, which is so denounced,
Saw fit to propose distinctly the proposition to
both Houses of Congress which is now upon
your table; and it is this:
That in order to close agitation—
To have no more dispute about it among our-
selves as to our own action—
upon a question which seems likely to disturb the
action of the Government, as well as to quiet the un-
certainty which is agitating the minds of the people
of the eleven States which have been declared to be
in insurrection, no Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into either branch of Congress from any of
said States until Congress shall have declared such
State entitled to such representation.
That, sir, is resuming the original proposi-
tion, substantially. Having been instructed to
inquire into the condition of these States, and
to report whether they, or any of them, were
entitled to representation, and not being pre-
pared to report on that question, we propose to
the House and the Senate this resolution, pro-
viding that—
No Senator or Representative shall be admitted
into either branchof Con^re-s from any of said States
until Congress shall have declared such State enti-
tled to such representation.
Originally, I did not think that resolution
was necessary; but now I do. Why? In order
that Congress may assert distinctly its own
rights and its own powers; in order that there
may be no mistake anywhere, in the mind of
the Executive or in the minds of the people
of this country ; that Congress, under the cir-
cumstances of this case, with this attempted
limitation of its powers with regard to its own
organization, is prepared to say to the Execu-
tive and to the country, respectfully but firmly,
over this subject they have, and they mean to
exercise, the most full and plenary jurisdiction :
they will be limited with regard to it by no con-
siderations arising from the views of others
than themselves, except so far as those consid-
erations may affect the minds of individuals ;
we will judge for ourselves, not only upon cre-
dentials and the character of men and the
position of men, but upon the position of the
States which sent those men here. In other
words, to use the language of the President
again, when the question is to be decided
whether they obey the Constitution, whether
they have a fitting constitution of their own,
whether they "are loyal, whether they are pre-
pared to obey the laws as a preliminary, as
the President says it is, to their admission, we
will say whether those preliminary require-
ments have been complied with, and not he,
and nobody but ourselves.
It was my very strong opinion and impres-
sion with reference to this matter that induced
me to ask the Senate to take up _ this question
now. I deem it as transcending in importance
the question of the amendment of the Consti-
tution which has been under discussion for
several days. I deem that in the present con-
dition of the country, situated as we are, it tran-
scends in importance every question. Where
are we. sir ? Let us allow ourselves to consider
for a moment. If we are not to inquire into
and be satisfied of the condition of these States,
if we are not to inquire and ascertain whether
they are or are not in such a situation that they
may safely come here and govern, ^because
when they come here they come as rulers.) but
if somebody else is to settle that question for
us, all that Congress has to do is this: when a
State chooses to go out of the Union and make
war upon it, it is to provide the means to legis-
late; when 1he State has been conquered and
is ready to come back again, it is to inquire of
somebody else whether the State is in a condi-
tion to eome back, and is to take the men who
are sent here, and who may come here with
credentials from a military governor appointed
by (lie President, without a word except to
inquire as to their qualifications.
Mr. President, this subject is one upon which
much might be said. I have been proud of the
fact—and perhaps I am, therefore, to be hum-
bled—that I am a member of the Senate of the
United States. I have deemed that the posi-
tion was a great one, one of which any man, no
matter what his powers might be, might be
proud, and with which his utmost ambition
might be well contented. Why ? I supposed
that Senators were somewhat in the nature of
representatives of the people, although selected
by the Legislatures of the States; that Sena-
tors, like Representatives, were sent here for
the purpose of guarding the interests of the peo-
ple, and although other officers were chosen for
specific terms and exercised for the time greater
power, that after all the protection of this Gov-
ernment must be found in its Congress; that
public opinion was represented here, the pub-
lic wishes were represented here, the rights of
the whole people were guarded here, the money
of the people was taken care of here—I mean
in Congress, taking both Houses together—and
that, in fact, all the essential powers of the
Government, all that was to be done lies at the
very foundation, everything that was necessary
in order to protect our form of government
republican, and to save the liberties of the coun-
try, rested in the faithfulness of the Senators
and Representatives of the United States, and
in their power to judge of what was necessary
in order to constitute and regulate their own
bodies. But, sir, if this is not so, if they are
confined simply to a mere question of papers,
to a mere question of credentials, to simply
taking the opinions of others as to who are en-
titled to seats in this body, so far as States hav-
ing the right, to send them here are concerned,
then I consider that we are reduced to be mere
creatures of circumstance, nothings, nobodies;
at any time we may be overwhelmed; at any
time we may lose our power; at anytime we
may cease to be that check, which the Consti-
tution intends we should be, upon the Execu-
tive of the United States, and upon the other
branches of the Government; at any time we
may lose all of which we have been so justly
pioud with reference to our own condition as
assigned us by the Constitution of the United
States. Senators will pardon me, I hope, for
speaking at such length upon that subject.
I believe that the President is a friend of his
country. I believe that he is a patriotic, de-
voted citizen: that he would do nothing to in-
jure any of, its institutions under any circum-
stance if he was aware, while doing it, of what
ho was doing. I believe, however, in reference
to this matter that he has spoken unguardedly.
His feelings in relation to the admission of Ten-
nessee particularly, and these other States, have
carried him beyond what I believe in calmer
moments and on due consideration he would
be willing to go; far beyond what he himself
on a calm review would find it in his power
to stand by. This part of his message is not
well considered. That is all I choose to say of
it. But it is a message from the President of
the United States. It is a part of the record.
We must consider it as a part of the record, and
while it so stands as a reason given for vetoing
a bill of Congress, we must treat it precisely
in the same manner as if wo believed that every
word of it was intended. I would not insin-
uate for a moment that the President would
advance a sentence that was calculated to wound
the Constitution in any degree. On the con-
trary, I believe he would not. No man has
shown a greater attachment to it than he lias';
and I wish to speak of him respectfully and
kindly. But whether ho means it or not, when
he advances opinions and lays down principles
which, in my judgment, strike at the very exim-
once of this body as a power 111 the Govern-
ment, I cannot but enter my solemn dissent
from it. and call upon Congress to assert its
own rights and its own position with reference
to all these questions.
Mr. President, I have spoken at greater
length with reference to this matter than I in-
tended. I had desired, as I did 011 a_ former
occasion, to say something upon the main ques-
tion which renders our consideration of this
matter necessary. I exhausted myself before
upon another branch of the subject, and I have
done pretty much the same now with regard to
this. But if the Senate will forgive me, I wish
to state my own views in as few words as pos-
sible upon the great question of,reconstruction,
It comes in here naturally, and perhaps I may
as well state my opinions upon that subject
before I leave the question under considera-
tion.
For four years we were in a state of war, and
during those four years, according to my recol-
lection, almostfromthe beginning, we discussed
the question of reconstructing the States. A
great many gentlemen in this Chamber and in
the other House made elaborate speeches upon
the question of reconstruction. I made none.
I did not express an opinion upon it, for the
simple and single reason that we had nothing
at that time to reconstruct, and I thought it
better to attend to the proper business we had
in view, to quell the rebellion, to overcome the
rebellious States, and to put them in a condi-
tion to be reconstructed, before we undertook
to reconstruct them. The proper time has now
come. We are now entitled to consider the
question of reconstruction. The President
began to consider it before we did; I mean
since the overthrow of the rebellion. He took
his own course. I have had occasion once or
twice to speak of the course that he took as
not entirely meeting my own views, while I
did not undertake to find the slightest fault
with him for the course he chose to follow.
But, sir, with reference to that matter allow
me to say that I think the better way would
have been for him to have kept all those States
under his own power as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army of the United States, and waited until
Congress came together, to consult with Con-
gress as to what was the best mode of getting
them back again into the Union. He did not
choose to do that., and I had no disposition to
complain, for I believe he acted with good mo-
tives and good intentions. He chose, by vir-
tue of his power as Commander-in- Chief of the
Army, to appoint provisional governors in some
of these States, and I do not know but in all of
them, and to say to the States that he would
aid them in the process of reconstruction by
appointing men who should call conventions,
and under which they might make constitu-
tions, &c. They proceeded to do it, and it is
within my recollection, and I think it must be
in the recollection of a great many others, that
while that was being done, and up to a very
recent period, the President's declaration was
that it was only an experiment, that if it turned
out, from the conduct of these States, that they
were loyal and could put themselves in a fit
position to be admitted into the Union, then
they could be admitted; but if not, nothing
was lost, because they were in our hands, re-
ferring to Congress and to the ^President. I
was content with that, so far as it went, and I
believed that when we caine together as a Con-
gress the great question in reference to these
matters would be in our hands. We met. Wo
passed a resolution that the two Houses of Con-
gress would consider it, and it seems that that
resolution gave very great offense in many quar-
ters. But, sir, we have been proceeding to con-
sider it, and, according to my view, as I have
expressed it here to-day, wo had a perfect right,
and not only a perfect right but it was our duty
to do so. The question of reconstruction, then,
011 our own plan, according to our own ideas, is
before us, and with reference to that I wish to
lav down a few verv simple propositions.
"With regard to what, is transpiring before the
committee of fifteen it will not become me to
say much ; nothing in fact as to what tlicy
intend to do. That must be shown by their
actions. But I can state some views as they
occur to me with regard to Our powers and
what-is expedient.  
Mr. President, 1 think it will not be disputed
by anybody, not even by the Senator from
Maryland—and I call his attention to it—that
this country has been in a state of war, deci-
dedly in a state of war, war according to the
books, war in its worst acceptation, war in the
