8868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
likely that I made the mistake myself. I re-
gret it because I have seen some papers in the
country reflecting very severely upon Mr. Mor-
rill on that subject. I make this explanation
in order to put myself right toward him.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. In twenty minutes more
we take a recess, by order of the Senate, and
as it is necessary that we should have an ex-
ecutive session, I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 213) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 18G7.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) in re-
gard to rations of Union soldiers held as pris-
oners of war was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
solomon p. smith.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
410.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 410) for the relief of
Solomon P. Smith. It directs that there be
paid to Solomon P. Smith, late a captain in
the one hundred and fifteenth regiment of New
York volunteers, the sum of §200, for his pen-
sion from the 14th of January, 1805, when he
was mustered out of the service, until the 15th
of February, 180G, the date of the tiling of his
application for a pension with the Commis-
sioner of Pensions.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
order oi' business.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
that was specially assigned for to-day at one
o'clock, the bill for the equalization of the
bounties of soldiers, for the purpose of getting
an adjournment upon it, so as to leave it as the
unfinished business. It was put aside at one
o'clock l>v the Northern Pacific railroad bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICE It. The Senate
having made an order to take a recess to-
day 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not half past four
o'clock yet. We want to get this bill up first.
Mr. WILSON. This will not interfoie with
that order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator's bill should be taken up now, that would
leave it as the unfinished business when the
Senate comes together again in the evening.
Mr. WILSON. This bill was specially as-
signed for to-day.
Mr. POLAND. I hope this motion will not
prevail. The bankrupt bill was made the spe-
cial order for yesterday at one o'clock, but was
crowded out by the unfinished business of Sat-
urday, and I think I am entitled to have that
taken up to-morrow. The assignment of that
bill was in advance of the assignment of the
bill to which the Senator from Massachusetts
refers.
Mr. HOWE. I propose as a compromise
that both Senators allow mo to make a report.
Mr. WILSON. I merely ask' that the bill
be taken up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts is in order,
and the question is on that motion.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes three 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Chair
that the time fixed for a recess has arrived and
there is not time to finish the count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
half past four o'clock having arrived, the Sen-
ate will now take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
adverse reports.
Mr. CLARK. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Claims on the petition of James
Larry.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the prayer of the
petition be rejected.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next adverse report on
the Calendar is report No. 41, in the case of
Ephraim Hunt. The committee report that
the prayer of the petitioner ought not to be
granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next adverse report of
the Cortimittee on Claims is report No. 62, on
the petition of H. Clay Wood. The report is
that the prayer of the petition be rejected.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next is report No. 06,
in the case of Mrs. Catharine Ferguson. The
report is that the prayer of the petitioner can-
not be granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next is No. 67, the case
of 0. Hoknan. The committee recommend
that the prayer of the petitioner be denied.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next is report No. 73,
on the ease of George Mack, and twenty-five
others, enlisted men of company G, eighth
regiment United States Veteran volunteers.
The committee report that the prayer of the
petitioners cannot be granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next is report No. 77,
in the case of T. S. Briscoe. 'The committee
report that the prayer of the petitioner cannot
bo granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The report No. 77, in the case
of F. M. Faircloth, is that the prayer of the
petitioner cannot be granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The report No. 81, on the
petition of George P. Rensberg is that the
prayer of the petitioner be denied.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The adverse report, No. 82,
in the case of Eli W. Goff, is that the peti-
tioner's prayer ought not to bo granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next adverse report is
No. 01, on the petition of C. F. Johnson.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 hope that will lie
over.
Mr. CLARK. It may be passed over at the
request of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be passed over.
Mr. CLARK. The next adverse report is
No. 02, in the case of Iienry Roy De La Rein-
tree. It is an old case that has been a good
many times before Congress. The report is
that the prayer of the petitioner should not be
granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The next is No. 93, an ad-
verse report on the claim of Benjamin Tilley.
I move that the prayer of the petitioner be not
granted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. In the case of D. D. Sub-
lett, report No. 94, the committee recommend
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw the
petition.
Leave was granted.
Mr. CLARK. No. 95 is an adverse report
upon the petition of Joseph W. J. Holmes.
The committee report that the prayer of the
petitioner ought not to be granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. No. 101 is an adverse report
on the claim of James B. Johnson. The com-
mittee report that the prayer of the petitioner
cannot be granted.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. No. 113 is a report on the
petition of George W. Tarleton. The com-
mittee ask to be discharged.- I move that the
prayer of the petition be not granted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. No. 123 is an adverse report
on the petition of Sarah A. Monaghan. I move
that the prayer of the petition be not granted.
The motion was agreed to.
henry m. whittlesey.
Mr. CLARK. All the adverse reports hav-
ing been disposed of, I move to take up Senate
bill No. 40, for the relief of Henry M. Whit-
tlesey.
The motion was agreed to. The bill pro-
vides that in settling and adjusting the ac-
counts of Henry M. Whittlesey, of Michigan,
late assistant quartermaster and acting chief
quartermaster of the twentieth corps, there be
allowed and credited to him or his representa-
tives the sum of $5,000, the proceeds of a draft
for that sum from Captain J. M. Blair, com-
missary of subsistence department of the Cum-
berland, on the United States depository at
Louisville, Kentucky, in 1864; such proceeds
having been accidentally and without fault of
Captain Whittlesey irrecoverably lost.
Mr. CLARK. The committee report ad-
versely upon the bill. I move that it be indef-
initely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
edward p. m'kinney.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No. 354) for the relief of Edward P. McKin-
ney, of Binghamton, New York, late captain
and assistant commissary of subsistence, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is an authorization to the proper accounting
officers of the War and Treasury Departments
to allow to Edward P. McKinney, of Bingham-
ton, New York, late captain and assistant com-
missary of subsistence, upon the settlement of
his accounts, the sum of $475, or so much
thereof as the proof shall establish, upon his
proving satisfactorily to such officers that that
sum was properly paid by him prior to the 13th
of August, 18G4, to men of the first Rhode Isl-
and cavalry, and the first, second, and fifth
United States cavalry regiments, and that his
vouchers therefor were forcibly taken from him
and destroyed by the enemy on the 13th of
August, 1864, between Harper's Ferry and
Winchester, Virginia, without his fault.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
henry iiorne.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No. 521) for the benefit of Henry Home was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides forthe payment to Henry Home of the
sum of S400 in gold, or its equivalent in Uni-
ted States currency, being the amount advanced
by him for the use of Federal prisoners at An-
dersonville, and used for their benefit while
prisoners of war at that place during the years
1864 and 1865. The payment of this sum is to
operate as a full release of the note given to
Home by Father Wheelan, under whose super-
vision the money was expended.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
