im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
fifth section of this bill, and if the House agrees
with him, then this first section can easily be
changed to conform to his amendment to the
other section. As debate under the fifteen-
minute rule is very free, I would suggest to the
gentleman to let this section be passed over for
the present-
Mr. DAVIS. I have 110 objection to accede
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaise,] to pass over this section for the
present, if it can be done without prejudice to
what I want.
Mr. CONKLING. I would suggestthat this
question again comes up in section four, deter-
mining the organization of the infantry regi-
ments, where it reads, "of ten regiments, to be
raised and officered as hereinafter provided for,
to be called the Veteran Reserve corps."
The SPEAKER. This first section can be
passed over by general consent, and subse-
quently modified to correspond with whatever
changes the House may make in other parts of
the bill.
No objection was made.
Section two was then read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Andhc it further cnacted, That the five regi-
ments of artillery provided for by this act shall con-
sist of the five regiments now organized; and the
first, second, third, and fourth regiments of artillery
shall have the same organization as is nowprcscnbed
by law for the fifth regiment of artillery: Provided,
That the regimental adjutants, quartermasters, and
commissariesshall hereafterbeextrafirst lieutenants.
Mr. CHANLER. As I understand the ar-
rangement made by the consent of the House
just now, the first section of this bill is not now
under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The first section has been
passed over by general consent, with the under-
standing that hereafter it shall be made to con-
form, in regard to the number of regiments,
witli the action of the House upon succeeding
sections.
Air. CHANLER. I desired to say a few
words upon this first section, in reference to
the general application of portions of it. But
perhaps I can say what I have to say just as
well upon this section.
My object in rising is to notice the very terse
and clear statement, as well as the very full and
fair statement made by the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Sohexck] in reference to the
character and scope of this bill. I certainly
feel inclined to congratulate the gentleman upon
his kindness and consideration in accepting the
suggestions of the Lieutenant General of the
Army and the Secretary of War in behalf of
retrenchment, and I think we may congratulate
ourselves that the state of security of the coun-
try is the basis of that retrenchment; that we
have no reason to apprehend that state of in-
ternecine war which has been made the ground
for most of the bills presented to this House ;
and also that in the face of a foreign war we
are prepared in the organization of the Army
here proposed to meet any exigency which may
arise.
This bill appears to pursue the same system
of consolidation—whether with more success
I cannot tell. The bill, coming before us now
for the first time, has not yet been subjected to
that analysis which its importance justifies.
But, sir, the general features of the system pro-
posed in the'bill—the organization of the col-
ored troops, of the Reserve corps, and of the
Provost Marshal's Bureau; the fundamental
alteration proposed with reference to the con-
trol of the Military Academy at West Point;
the disposition manifested to exclude regular
officers and to favor volunteer officers, as if the
citizen who receives a military education at the
expense of the Government should stand in an
inferior position to him who enters a volunteer
organization withoutsuch military education—■
a distinction for which I cannot see any good
reason—all these points strike me with force
on the first reading of the bill.
Now, sir, one great feature of this bill—the
examining board—has been admitted by the
chairman of the committee to bear the name
by implication if not by merit, of a star-cham-
bar tribunal. How such a tribunal may be
advantageous to the serviee I, not being an
expert, cannot of coarse determine with confi-
dence ; but considering the ordinary principles
of human nature, it appears objectionable,
because it places these military men at the
mercy of the arbitrary judgment of their fel-
lows, and tends to create a spirit of rivalry and
contention which must prove a source of dis-
cord that will have a fatal influence upon the
whole organization, rank and file. Upon this
point I trust that when the section comes up
we shall hear from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs an explanation which
will be satisfactory to the House and to the
Army, the officers of which, so far as my
observation has gone, deem this feature of
the bill very objectionable.
One object which I had in rising to speak on
this occasion was to call attention to the fact
that, until this bill shall be fully and fairly
before the country, there can be no sufficient
opportunity for members, particularly those on
this side of the House, to gain practical and
useful information as to the bearings of the bill
upon the Army and its officers. I trust that
the chairman of the committee will consent
that this full and fair opportunity for becoming
acquainted with the merits of the bill shall be
given, and that final action upon it will be suf-
ficiently delayed to enable us to inform our-
selves properly. The chairman of the commit-
tee, by reason of his peculiar position, has, of
course, opportunities of information superior
to~those possessed by most of the other mem-
bers of the House, particularly the members
of the Opposition. As one of these, who, ac-
cording to the system carried out by the domi-
nant party, are allowed to see the gates, but
never to enter the portals of the political par-
adise, I ask for a little time, and express the
hope that the discussion will be full and satis-
factory. It is my impression that before the
debate shall close the able and experienced
chairman of the Military Committee will him-
self acknowledge that his bill is capable of
improvement.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That to the six
regiments of cavalry now in service there shall be
added six regiments, having the same organization
as is now provider! by law for cavalry regiments, all
the first and second lieutenants of which, and two
thirds of the officers in each ot the grades above that
of first lieutenant, shall be selected from among the
officers and soldiers of volunteers who have served in
the Army of the United States in the late war for the
suppression of the rebellion, and have been distin-
guished for capacity, good conduct, and efficient
serviee: Provided, however, That graduates of the
United States Military Academy shall be eligible to
appointments as second lieutenants. Any portion
of the cavalry force herein authorized may be dis-
mounted and armed and drilled as infantry at the
discretion of the President. Each cavalry regiment
shall hereafter have but one hospital steward, and
the regimental adjutants, quartermasters, and com-
missaries shall hereafter be extra first lieutenants.
Mr. PAINE. I move the following amend-
ment:
Tn the fifth line, after the word "which," insert the
words " commissioned before the 1st day of January,
1S70;" and in the sixth line, after the word "lieu-
tenant," insert the same words: so that the clause
will read as follows:
That to the six regiments of cavalry notf in service
shall be added six regiments, having the same organ-
ization as is now provided by law for cavalry regi-
ments, all the first and second lieutenants of which,
commissioned before the 1st day of January, 1870, and
two thirds of the officers in each of the grades above
that of first lieutenant, commissioned before the 1st
day of January, 1870, shall be selected from among
the officers and soldiers of volunteers, &c.
Mr. Speaker, this section provides that, in
officering these six cavalry regiments, the first
and second lieutenants shall be selected from
among the officers and soldiers of volunteers,
and two thirds of the officers of thehigher grades
shall be selected in the same way. Now, the
question at once presents itself, does this lan-
guage mean that all the officers of these lower
grades and two thirds of the officers of the higher
grades shall for all time to come be selected
from the volunteers ; or does it mean that only
the first appointments shall be made in that
way from the volunteers ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the first is the pur-
pose of the committee, it seems to me man-
ifest injustice is done to the regular Army, and
if the second is the meaning of the committee,
it seems to me injustice is done to the officers
of the volunteers. I believe it should be, as
I have no doubt it is, the wish of the com-
mittee, to do equal and .exact justice between
them both. I certainly am disposed, and shall
be hereafter, to cast my vote actuated alone
by that principle. I wish to do everything that
shall seem to be just and right in favor of the
officers of the regular Army, while I shall at the
same time insist upon everything which seems
to me to be just and right to the officers of vol-
unteers.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Wis-
consin yields to me for a moment. I move
that the evening session for this evening be
dispensed with.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
SATURDAY SESSION FOR DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. While I am up I will make
another suggestion. I do not know whether
the House is disposed to sit to-morrow, as it is
the anniversary of a striking event, the assas-
sination of the late President. If not I will
move that when the House adjourns it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that there are some six or eight gentlemen who
desire to speak.
Mr. STEVENS. To-morrow?
The SPEAKER. Whenever they can get
the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not move to adjourn
over then, but move that to-morrow's session
be exclusively devoted to debate.
Th ere was no objection, and it was so ordered.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY AGAIN.
Mr. PAINE. Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe
it would be injustice to the officers of the reg-
ular Army if the appointments for all time to
come, without further legislation, shall be
given to officers of volunteers. On the other
hand, it will not satisfy me if only the first
appointments shall be given to volunteers. It
is still less satisfactory to me that the law
should stand ambiguous and open to such
construction as the War Department or any
officer called to consider it may choose to give.
I have, therefore, offered what seems to me to
be a compromise between those two plans,
giving these appointments up to January 1,
1870, to officers of volunteers, leaving them
after that time to be filled by the War Depart-
ment as the Department may desire. I hope
the gentleman will accept that.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask for a definition
of the word 11 volunteers" as used in this bill.
Do I understand it to embrace drafted men ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. I have never
heard it questioned.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Wisconsin
has discovered an ambiguity in this third sec-
tion, which with him T am willing should be
amended. He is right in supposing the under-
standing and intention, and such would only
be the fair construction of the section, is to pro-
vide for volunteers who are to be appointed in
the first appointments which are made, what
is called the filling of original vacancies in these
regiments. To remove the ambiguity it may be
well to insert some provision to say it is only
in these original vacancies created by calling
into being these regiments or else to limit them
to time, as ho proposes.
1 do not know 1 should object to the exten-
sion of the time, for that virtually is the effect
of his amendment, so as to give the exclusive
right of appointment to two thirds of the ap-
pointments to volunteers for nearly four years
more. That can be the only effect to extend
the time so as to be more favorable to volun-
teers. As it removes ambiguity and makes the
section clear, I shall not oppose the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
