2908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Although it is by no means one of the highest
bureaus, nor its head as high as some others
in rank, or as high as some in the Army who
had not got this double ration, yet when the
bill came to be passed it was provided that the
head of that bureau should have the same
rank, pay, and emoluments, as were allowed
to certain officers in 1846. There did not ap-
pear anything about money on the face of the
bill, but he got about fourteen hundred dol-
lars additional compensation. The gentleman
who now occupies that position could not pos-
sibly have been a party to_ the transaction,
though he consented to receive it. The pres-
ent head of the bureau was not placed there
until the change was made by the last Con-
gress.
I do not make any particular complaint
against that bureau or that particular officer,
but I citc the fact only as an illustration of this
principle. The system is objectionable, because
we are led by blind legislation to increase the
pay in this indirect manner. I have given this
merely as an illustration of the general objec-
tion.
The great object of this bill is to introduce a
system by which the country shall know what
it pays to those whom it employs. This sys-
tem has worked very well in the Navy. I
believe that the officers of the Navy are very
inadequately paid, and receive very much less
than the, officers of the Army receive. In the
naval service, as you will see by referring to
the Naval Lisf^ the officers have graduated pay.
I do not mean pay eked out by allowances, but
graduated pay according to their services. For
instance, a captain on the active list receives
$3,500 a year; when on shore duty, $2,800 a
year; when on leave, $2,100 a year; and if
lie be put on the retired list he receives only
SI,C00 a year ; that is, when upon hard, active
duty he gets the most pay; when put npon
what is considered lighter and easier duty,
although it may involve additional expenses
to him, his pay is reduced; and when upon
his own application ho is permitted to go off
on leave of absence his pay is reduced still
lower.
That seems to be a fair and just classification
of compensation to the officers as they happen
to be engaged. Now, in the Army it is just
the reverse. An officer of any grade in the
field gets considerably less pay, because he gets
no allowance for fuel, quarters, &c. I think
lie gets about nine hundred and twenty-one
dollars less than officers of a similar grade who
are upon duty here in Washington or elsewhere
out of the field. It is true that the officer in
the field is relieved from certain expenses, but
at the same time he does harder and more
active work. There is a difference made be-
tween officers of the Army and Navy in this
respect. An officer of the Army on leave of
absence—I do not mean'on furlough, when he
may be on reduced pay—gets his full pay, not
allowances of certain kinds which are not given
except in cases of duty at posts or elsewhere,
but the full pay that he would have had if in
the field ; so that the whole thing is between
the Army and Navy. In the Navy the princi-
ple is that you shall pay a round sum. In the
Army the principle is that you shall give too
little for pay and help it out by allowances.
In the Navy the man paid must be engaged in
the hard and active duties appropriate to his
profession. In the Army when a man is with-
drawn from active service his pay goes up, and
he gets additional allowances. What has been
the consequence? I am coming now to the
general question, and I know how sensitive the
House lias been made to be on this subject.
We live here in Washington in the atmosphere
of the Departments, the bureaus, and of the
staff, excellent gentlemen who have done good
service, but who, as I said a little while ago,
like all officers and soldiers, are human.
The effect of our legislation in all times past
has been rather to build up this bureau or de-
partmental influence, and has been against the
officers who have been active in the hard work
in the field. It may be said that a great many
who have been employed in the Departments
during the war would rather have been at the
front. I dare say there are instances where that
would be the fact. I think I know some such
cases; but, somehow or other, owing to some
influence that is at work all the while, there is
a tendency toward Washington, a centripetal
instead of a centrifugal force" at work, that
makes men prefer work in the Departments
rather than active professional duties.
Now what is the consequence? You go to
the War Department and you find its different
bureaus swarming with officers. Instead of
having an officer of professional skill, as should
be the case, at the head of each bureau, and
under him officers of a subordinate grade, you
find not only officers of rank for chiefs of bu-
reaus and heads of divisions, but there are
employed under them commissioned officers
doing clerical duty, from major general down
to second lieutenant; officers engaged in sitting
at desks and looking after matters which might
at least be just as well attended to by intelli-
gent clerks employed for that purpose. It is
not so in the Navy Department I know that
comparisons are invidious, but it serves as a
good illustration. This is an old system. I do
not give blame to the head of the one Depart-
ment any more than praise to the head of the
other for this system. It is a thing we are
seeking to reform and correct. But it has been
a long time growing up, and the difficulty of
reform, as we all know, increases just in pro-
portion to the length of time the abuse has
existed.
What do we find in the Navy Department?
In ali the bureaus, outside of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering, in which are employed
some eight professional engineers of the Navy
of different grades; in all the other seven or
eight bureaus you will find but about sixteen
commissioned officers employed; but there is
not a bureau in the War Department in which
there arc not only sixteen commissioned officers
employed, but in some of them many times
sixteen officers. In most of the bureaus in the
Navy Department the chiefs are the only com-
missioned officers employed. I could illustrate
my argument more at length, for I have all the
facts and even the names here on my desk.
Mr. NIBLACK. I did not have an opjDOr-
tunity of listening to the bill as it was read,
and ascertaining what were its provisions. I
would therefore inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Schexck]
whether the pay which he now proposes by this
bill to give the officers of the Army is to bo
uniform, or whether it is to be varied accord-
ing to location and the kind of services those
officers may be called upon to perform.
.Mr. SCHENCIv. It is to be uniform pay,
with certain changes in the bill, which I shall
propose by way of amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. It has occurred to me that
an officer assigned to duty on the plains, where
transportation is very high, ought to have more
pay than under other circumstances.
Mr. SOHENCK. That is provided for in
the bill; he gets transportation in kind or is
allowed mileage.
I do not know but the House is getting im-
patient and wearied of an explanation so much
more protracted than 1 intended to make when
I arose. But having thought much of this sub-
ject, having looked into it very carefully, I am
tolerably full of it. But I will not trouble the
House with more figures or further compari-
sons at this time. I will only say that after
having reported this bill back, believing it
needs some further provisions in it, I have pre-
pared and will submit, for the consideration of
members some two or three amendments. And
although it may only be in order for me to offer
them successively to the bill I will read them
all now, so that the whole subject may be in
possession of the House. For instance, the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Wright]
inquires whether any provision has been made
for the pay of u general. I propose, now that
it may be assumed that that office will be estab-
lished, to move to amend by striking out the
line which now reads, "of a lieutenant general
$12,000," and inserting in lieu thereof "of
a general, $15,000; of a lieuteuant general,
$10,000."
I propose by that amendment to raise the pay
of a general to $3,000 more than this bill pro-
poses for a lieutenant general, and to make
the pay of a lieutenant general somewhat less
than is here proposed, because he then ceases
to be the head of the Army.
Now, I know these sums sound large, and
gentlemen may be dissatisfied with them. But
they will not-be so much dissatisfied, perhaps,
when they learn to what the entire compen-
sation of those officers would amount by the
various commutations and allowances which
are now made under existing law.
Mr. WRIGHT. My only object was to cor-
rect what I supposed to bo an accidental
omission in the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. So I understood. I pro-
pose, as a further amendment, to offer the
following as an additional section to come in
after section three:
That forage in kind may be allowed and drawn for
horses of mounted officers actually kept by them
when and at the place where they are on duty, in
accordance with the provisions of sections one and
two of the act to define the pay and emoluments of
certain officers of the Army, and for other purposes,
approved July 17,1862.
Prior to 1862 there was commutation for
forage. The officer did not draw it in kind,
but drew money for it. In 1862, to prevent
further abuse in that direction, the law was
amended, so that the officer must show that he
actual!}- kept the horse or horses allowed him ;
and for the horse or horses actually kept by.
him an allowance of forage is made. He draws
the forage in kind at the cost of the Govern-
ment. I propose that this shall be continued.
It would seem to be unfair to make no distinc-
tion between officers not required to be mounted
and those who must be mounted, and who, in
order to a proper position in the commands to
which they may be assigned, are under the ne-
cessity of keeping a certain number of horses,
the number being fixed by law. Hence I pro-
pose that forage shall be allowed in kind for
the number of horses actually kept in accord-
ance with the requirement of the law by a
mounted officer.
I propose, also, to offer the following as an
additional section:
That in lieu of the additional ration which was
allowed to commissioned officers of the line and
staff by the provisions of section fifteen of the act to
increase the present military establishment ot the
United States, and for other purposes, there shall
be allowed and paid toeverycomniH-ioned oflicerof
the Army of ihe United States ten per cent, per annum
on his yearly pay tor each full and complete term of
live years of continuous and faithful service as such
officer; and this increased graduated compensation
shall be allowed in the ease of any officer or soldier
of volunteers who may be commissioned in the reg-
ular Army, to include the time during which he so
served faithfully and honorably as a volunteer.
By the present law there is allowed in cer-
taiu cases a longevity ration—a ration which
is added to the number of rations regularly
allowed by law for each successive term of
five years, faithful service. During the first
term of five years' service the officer gets no
additional ration. In his second term of five
years he has a ration added amounting annu-
ally to $109 85. During the third term of five
years lie is entitled to draw two longevity ra-
tions, amounting to $219 70 per year. During
the fourth term of five' years he receives three
additional rations, amounting to $:129 55 annu-
ally. So the increase proceeds during each
successivc term of five years. When an officer
has served twenty-five years his longevity ration
amounts during his sixth term of five years to
$549 25 annually.
Now, under the system which I propose, a
second lieutenant with pay amounting to $1,600
a year, will receive after his first five years'
service S160 additional per annum. After ten
years' faithful service he will have $320 added
to his pay. So each of the other officers will
receive for each successive term of five years'
sen-ice an addition often per cent, to his reg-
ular pay. This appears to uie a simpler and
