1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
deny, that there has been a period and a long
period during which there was no connection
between these confederate States and the Gov-
ernment of the United States? Have not years
elapsed during which no such connection ex-
isted ? Was not the form of government which
bound them to the Union entirely destroyed?
Was not the conncction obliterated ? Were not
all their people in rebellion? Was there any-
thing by which any of those States could con-
nect itself with the Government with which jt
had been formerly connected, and if not, what is
necessary in order to bring it back? Is it not
necessary that it should be recognized by this
Government ? Is it not necessary that it should
have a constitution which does connect it with
this Government? Is it not necessary that it
should place itself in a position to discharge its
duties toward this Government? And when it
has done that, must it not apply to the Govern-
ment for admission, for' reinstatement in the
Union?
This question has been argued, and argued
by authority, as if we had nothing to say about
it; as if these people were back again simply
because they had made State constitutions.
How do we know it? What proof have we ? I
want an answer.
Mr. COWAN". That question arises when
the representatives of those people come here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they do not bring
their constitutions with them.
Mr. COWAN. We have a right to inquire,
if it becomes necessary to determine whether
they were properly elected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but the
argument is that we have no right to inquire
into anything exceptthat they have been elected.
Mr. COWAN. Oh, no ; it raises the whole
question about the legitimacy of the body which
elected them.
Mr. FESSENDEN". What body?
Mr. COWAN. The Legislature that elects
Senators.
Mr. FESSFiNDEN. But have we not a right
to see the constitution ? Should not that consti-
tution be presented to us? It has been once
overthrown, obliterated, gone.
Mr. COWAN. You inquire into their con-
stitution when you inquire into the election, and
see whether the person claiming to be elected
was chosen by the proper body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What, then, becomes of
the argument that they can be admitted on their
credentials? Are we not to inquire into the con-
dition of the States?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Will the Senator allow
me to state that no one has ever pretended,_that
I ever heard, that we were confined to inquiring
into the credentials merely. We have a right
to inquire whether there was a Legislature to
elect them, whether the people were m a con-
dition to choose a Legislature to elect them;
but what we say is that the Senate is to judge
for itself whether members have been elected
to this body, and should not allow the House
to judge for it. That is the position.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And who or ever has
pretended that the House ever would judge for
the Senate, or the Senate for the House?
Mr. COWAN. If the honorable Senator
pleases, I understand this resolution is that
( before we shall get at that question we must
have a law passed bv Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A law passed with ref-
erence to the single question whether the States
are in a condition to elect.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. We inquire into that
for ourselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not intend, Mr.
President, to be called off from the ground that
I was assuming. It was simply this, that when
they come here, after having been disconnected
■wi^lx the Union, they must satisfy us that they
have done all that is necessary in order to re-
store them to the Union; that they have a re-
publican form of government; that they have
those provisions which are necessary to enable
them to perform their duties. Must not that
be required ?
Mr. DIXON. Satisfy whom?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Satisfy Congress. That
is the very question which I have been discuss-
ing ; but I am speaking now of the question of the
right to return, of whether a State is out and how
it is to get in. If gentlemen concede that these
States have been so disconnected with the Gen-
eral Government that they had no right to repre-
sentation here, that they were not States of the
Union and in the Union for this purpose, that
in order to acquire that right they must come to
Congress and apply to Congress and furnish the
necessary proofs that they are in a condition to
claim,the rights of States in the Union, it is
sufficient for my purpose. If they admit that,
it is all I desire. But an entirely different doc-
trine has been laid down here; and it has been
said that when gentlemen come here claiming
to represent these States we must hurry to ad-
mit them because they present credentials from
States! W hat have gentlemen said here ? "I
present the credentials of A orB or C ; they are
in due form." We may inquire as to the form.
May we not inquire where is the State consti-
tution? Has it been presented to us? Have
we seen it? Has there been any application
from any of these States to be readmitted, if
you please to call it so, under its constitution
or to have its new constitution recognized and
its acts under it? Not one. We do not know
to this day officially in proper shape that any
one of these States has formed a constitution.
M. COWAN. You will not allow us to raise
the question. If you take up the question of
the admission of some of the gentlemen sent
here, we will show you a constitution and a duly
constituted Legislature qualified to elect, and
that they were elected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And what does that
prove? That when the question is asked whether
th ere is a constitution formed, the Senator from
Pennsylvania pulls one out of his pocket, and
says, ''Here is a constitution." That is not
the way to deal with Congress upon these ques-
tions. What I say is, that if their relations to
the Union have been dissolved in the way they
have been, what they have to do is to come
here by their organizations, their Legislature, or
convention, and present their constitution to
Congress for examination, and ask that their
representatives be admitted under it, which no
one of them has yet done. That we have a
right to demand. Suppose their credentials are
in due form, have we not a right to go further
and inquire what the condition of those SLales
is and has been since their former governments
were overthrown ? I suppose Senators now will
admit that.
I had no idea when I rose that I should speak
so long on this matter, but as I have got into
it 1 may as well finish what I have to say. _ I
wish to" notice some things that have been said
more than once by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowax. I He has talked
to us about the question of taxation and repre-
sentation, and appealed to us to admit, these
people, to admit these States, to admit their
Representatives and Senators, because, as he
says, it is gross injustice that thev should be
taxed and not represented. How is that? Had
we no right to tax them during the rebellion if
( we could collect the tax? Were we bound,
because they chose to go into a contest against
this Government, to let them off and not levy
taxes upon them? The Senator will hardly
contend"for that. While they were in rebellion
does the Senator say that we had no right to
tax them? I am very glad to bring him to
that point. He holds, then, that we had no
right to consider them as subject to the Consti-
tution.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator will
allow me to state my position fairly. T will
give it to him. I hold'that it is the duty of every
Government to protect its subjects; and that
while it is unable to protect them, and while it
is not strong enough to suppress a rebellion
originating among them, and when it does not
protect them, when it leaves them under the
dominion of usurped authority, while this con-
dition of things lasts, it has no right to tax
them. ' . , . ......
Mr. FESSENDEN. In other words, Mr.
President, if the people of a particular portion
of the country choose to set themselves up
against the General Government, and to levy
an army against it and fight against it, we lose
all our rights of government over > theft. Wo
cannot control them, we cannot tax them, we
cannot call upon them for the performance of
any duty. We have a perfect right to kill them,
but not to treat them as subjects of the Gov-
ernment. That is the Senator's.position. He
assumes that these people were people that we
did not protect, that when the power of a State
had passed into the hands of those inimical to
the Government, and when the whole people
m masse had risen against the Government, we
had ceased to protect them, and therefore we
had no power of government over, them, no
matter how strong they are ; that until we put
down the rebellion all our power was to destroy.
A very fraternal and benevolent idea! I was
puzzled, very much so from time to time, at the
arguments of the honorable Senator. I was
puzzled somewhat when he talked about the
course of other nations over their conquered
people and told us that they at once took them
into partnership. I think he referred to the
example of Rome, and said that Rome never
made the people she conquered slaves. I have
some idea that they did tax them, that they
sent proconsuls to govern them.
Mr. COWAN. What I said of Rome was
that she always adopted one of two ways after
conquering a people. She either gave them
their original rights back again and very often
treated them as Roman citizens, or she extermi-
nated them or scattered and drove them away.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not hear that she
ever admitted their delegates into the Senate.
I never heard it claimed that they had a right
of representation in the Roman Senate. She
did have a sort of governor that she called a
proconsul who ruled the conquered provinces.
However, this conversation with the Senator
is, perhaps, out of place, and I shall proceed
with my argument, if it may be called an argu-
ment. The Senator has now contended (and
it is a necessary consequence of the position he
assumed the other day) that we necessarily lost
all of our power of exercising government over
these people as the United States of America,
by the simple fact that they were enabled to
rebel and to raise an army to fight us. He has
saved me the trouble, therefore, of asking my
other question. I was about to ask liim if we
had that power while they were in rebellion,
whether the power of taxation did not continue
for a little while after the rebellion was quelled,
or whether we must necessarily wait until the
Government was restored in all its perfection
and in all its parts over these conquered peo-
ple, these subjugated people, until they came
back into the Government as rulers with us.
Now, sir, let us look at this question. _ Gen-
tlemen have been talking here from time to
time and in the other House about the great
abuse that these States were not admitted to
representation while the Government was going
on to tax them. Sir, the arms that were raised
against us were never laid down until last April-
From that time to December Congress wa"§ not
in session. They were under the control of
the military power. \\ e came together on the
first Monday of December. There had been
an exhausting war, four years of deadly strug-
gle ; hundreds of thousands slain, hundreds of
I millions spent; a war more savage, m my judg-
I ment. on the part of the enemy we had to en-
i counter than has been known in modern times;
I in which the most savage hate was exhibited
1 against evervthing that was not of the eonfed-
' erates, which wasdistingnis'W, remarkable, for
its character, so distinct from all those wars that
have marked modern periods. We came to-
gether in December, and certain men presented
themselves claiming to be admitted as Senators
and as Representatives upon these floors. We
had not been together thirty days before gen-
