1066.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LEWIS DYER.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (S. No.
383) for the relief of Lewis Dyer, late surgeon
of the eighty-first regiment Iliinois volunteers,
was read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to Sudit and settle the accounts of Lewis
Dyer, late surgeon of the eighty-first regiment
Illinois volunteers, and allow him the pay and
emoluments of surgeon of volunteers, from the
Cth day of April, 1803, to the 26th day of May
following, deducting therefrom any amount
which may appear to have heretofore been
paid him by error.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JAMES G. HOLLAND.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No. 421) for the relief of James G-. Holland,
late acting assistant paymaster United States
Navy, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to credit James G. Holland,
late acting assistant paymaster of the Navy of
the United States, with the sum of $500, in the
settlement of his accounts with the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury ; such credit to begiven
for the sum of $500 in Treasury notes of the
United States lost and destroyed without any
fault or neglect on his part, but the final order
for the allowance is not to be made until the
whole subject connected with the said alleged
loss shall be fully investigated by the Fourth
Auditor, and he shall certify thereto.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
LISTON II. PEARCE.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No, 517) for the relief of Liston IT. Pearce.
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretar}' of the Treas-
ury to pay to Ilev. Liston II. Pearce the sum
of $540. in full for his services as chaplain of
the one hundred and thirty-second regiment of
Illinois volunteers during the recent rebellion.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM II. WHEELER.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No. 695) for the relief of William H. Wheeler,
of Bangor, Maine, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The preamble recites
that William H. Wheeler, of Bangor, Maine,
in the month of February, 18C5, lost a United
States bond of the denomination of S500. issued
under the act of 25th February, 18G2. No.
18,874, with all the unpaid coupons attached,
which bond has since been found mutilated
and partially destroyed; and that thirteen of
the coupons have been reclaimed in such con-
dition as to be paid at maturity ; and it is uncer-
tain whether the remaining coupons are not
still in existence; and the bill proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
and deliver to William H. Wheeler a dupli-
cate of the bond, No, 18,374, without coupons
attached ; but before issuing it Wheeler is to
deliver to the Secretary of the Treasury all the
remaining fragments and parts of the bond, ■
excepting the thirteen coupons which have
been reclaimed as aforesaid.
The Committee on Claims reported an
amendment, to add to the bill the following
words:
With a good and sufficient bond with security, to
be improved by I lie Secretary of the Treasury, to in-
demnity the United States against all lo5s. com s, or
damages incuired by reason of the issuing of said
duplicate bond.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendment was concjj^red in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time and passed.
JOHN WELLS AND SONS.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the joint reso-
lution (H. II. No. 115) for the relief of John
Wells & Sons, of Baltimore, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. - It proposes to
authorize the Quartermaster General, with the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment, to remit to John Wells & Sons, of
Baltimore, Maryland, so much of the penalty
incurred by them by reason of their failure to
comply with their contract entered into on the
4th day of October, 18G3, with Captain S. H.
Dunan, assistant quartermaster, under the di-
rection of the Quartermaster General, for re-
pairing the steamer City of Albany, as may
not be covered by the actual loss of the Gov-
ernment by reason of the delay in completing
the steamer in accordance with the strict terms
of the contract.
Theipint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ISAAC BANXEY.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No.'119) for the relief of Isaac
Ranney, internal revenue collector for the
eighth district of Ohio, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that on the night of the
25th of June, 1865, the office of Thomas J.
Robinson, deputy collector of Isaac Ramsey,
internal revenue collector for the eighth district,
Ohio, located al Mansfield, was burglariously
entered by persons whose names are unknown ;
and that the burglars did, by means of drills and
gunpowder, break into and enter the iron safe
of the deputy collector, and feloniously steal
and carry away revenue stamps therefrom be-
longing to the Government of the United States
to the amount of $632 23 ; and that this bur-
glarious entry and larceny was not attributable
to any neglect of duty on the part of Robinson
as deputy collector, and that the office and safe
were in all respects sneh as were required by
the law and the regulations of the revenue
department. The bill therefore proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury in the set-
tlement of the accounts of Isaac Ramsey, as
internal revenue collector, with the Govern-
ment of the United States, to allow and give
credit to him for the amount of the stamps
stolen.
The Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment, to strike out the name '• Ramsey" where
ever it occurs in the resolution and to insert
"Ranney."
Mr. CLARK. Ranney is the proper name,
and the correction should be made.
ThePRESIDENTjpj'ofcmpore. That amend-
ment will be made without putting the question,
it being the correction of a clerical mistake.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended and the amendment was con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amendment
be engrossed and the joint resolution read a
third time. The resolution was read the third
time and passed. Its title was amended by
striking out "Ramsey" and inserting ''Ran-
ney.1'
CAROLINE A. RANDALL.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 170) for the relief of Caroline
A. Randall, administratrix and widow of
Charles B. Randall, deceased, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. j
It is a direction to the proper accounting !
officers of the Treasury Department to pay to j
the legal representatives of Charles B. Randall, i
deceased, late lieutenant colonel of the one I
hundred and forty-ninth regiment New York I
volunteer infantry, who was killed in action on ;
the 20th of July, 18!i4. at the battle of *Beec'h-
Tree Creek, Georgia, the sum of t;175, as pay- i
ment for one private horse used by Randall in 1
the military service, which horse was lost by ,
starvation five days after his death. i
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen- |
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third 1
time, and passed. !
HORACE I. HODGES.
Mr. CLARK. I desire unanimous consent
to report back and put upon its passage at this
time House bill No. 52f>. I think there is no
dispute about it. The Committee on Claims
unanimously directed me to report it.
The bill (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of
the heirs of Horace I. Hodges was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that in the settlement of the accounts with the
Treasury of Horace I. Hodges, deceased, late
captain and assistant quartermaster United
States volunteers, there shall be allowed in
his favor the sum of $1,256 40 on account of
the loss of that amount of public funds in his
hands by the capture of Plymouth, North
Carolina, by the rebels on the 20th day of
April, 1864, the loss being without neglect or
fault on his part, and he having lost his lifeat
that time in attempting to carry orders from
the commanding officer at Plymouth to the
United States gunboats.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM G. LEE.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No. (i29) for the benefit of William G. Lee, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay William G. Lee, or his legal representa-
tives, the sum of $28,428 50, in full payment
of his claim against the United States on ac-
count of corn purchased by him in the depart-
ment of Kentucky, as the agent of the quar-
termaster's department under the agreement
made by him with Captain John A. Morris, in
1804, and which corn spoiled on his hands by
reason of the Government failing to furnish
transportation for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MILTON M'KISKON.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. Ill) for the "relief of Milton
McKinnon was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The Committee on Claims reported
an amendment as a substitute for the bill in
these words:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to Sergeant Milton
McKinnon the sum of $58 45, being the amount of a
dratt drawn in his favor hy Major M. L. Martin, late
paymaster United States Army, on the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States in Xe\v York, dated
March 24.1864,and which was lost in its transmission
to Xew York : Provided, That the said Milton Mc-
Kinnon shall file a duplicate of said draft, duly
authenticated, with the Secretary of the Treasury;
Provided also, That the payment herein authorized
shall not be made until said McKinnon shall execute
to the United States a bond, with good and sufficient
secui ity, to indemnify the United States against loss
on account of said draft.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended and the amendment was concurred
in. The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time
and passed.
SUE MCttPIIEY.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (S. No.
413) for the relief of Miss Sue Murphev, of
Decatur, Alabama, was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be paid to Miss Sue Murphey,
of Decatur, Alabama, $7,000, in full compen-
sation for damages done her farm in Decatur,
Alabama, by reason of the same being occu-
pied lor military purposes, and for the de-
struction of the buildings and other property
thereon.
Mr. WILSON. I do not like the reading of
that bill. I wish to hear an explanation of it.
Mr. POMEKOY. I should like to hear the
bill read again. I do not know what it is for.
Is it for damages because our troops encamped
on somebody's farm?
Mr. CLARK. Not at all. This lady lives
at Decatur, Alabama. Her farm was occupied
