990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
tlemen contended here that they were entitled
to admission upon an equality with ourselves
and as parts of the governing power. It is not
now ninety days since this Congress met; and
before the expiration of ninety days, after this
war of four years of the character that existed
and with denunciations of the most bitter kind
from all that people, we are told that we are
perpetrating the most gross injustice because
they are not already here in these scats as Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress, and that
our legislation is substantially good for nothing
because they are not here.
It is a most remarkable fact in' this connec-
tion that not only have we not been together
ninety days when we are called upon to admit
these Senators and these Representatives, but
we are called on to decide that the condition
of that people is such as to render it safe, when
the President himself, who calls upon us to do
it, has not withdrawn his suspension of the writ
o(habeas corpus throughout that territory, but
keeps his Army in that territory, and when all
the generals and himself at the head of all the
generals tell us that it is unsafe to withdraw it,,
that tlicy cannot be left to themselves, and that
the Army must remain and tliey be kept under
military law.
Mr. President, this strikes me as somewhat
singular; and 1 say this because I want the coun-
try to understand it. Is no lime to be allowed?
Here, it is said, are eight million people ; here
is a territory embracing I do not know how
many million square miles; here have been
eleven States in rebellion ; here has been a war
of four years. Congress meets; the question
is to be submitted to that Congress; and gen-
tlemen talk here and denounce it, and the Presi-
dent himself denounces it, and the newspapers
denounce it, and the Democracy denounce it;
all raise their cry against us because within
ninety days.when the President himself, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of I lie Army, does not choose
to withdinw the Army from I hat territory, we
ha\e not put ils Representatives and Senators
in tbfiiic teats to govern for themselves anil to
govern us. 1 allude to this fact simply for the,
purpose of showing how utterly false arc the
accusations made against Congress, come from
what quarter they may, how utterly unreason-
able it is to suppose that, a question of (his kind
is to be settled in such a hurry; how utterly
unreasonable it is when the Senator from Penn-
sylvania undertaken to tell us that there is but
one course to pursue, and t hat is to admit these
people iiixlaiilri, to assume that they are in a
condition io be admitted, to assume that all the
questions have been settled by otlici authorities
in poiol of fact.
Mr. COWAN. 1 beg that the gentleman will
allow mi! to correct him. I do not want it, to
go to the country in his speech that I said they
should be admit ted hwttinter. I never said any
such thing, 1 have contended that their cre-
dentials should be received and their eases ex-
amined by each House for ilself, and that that
oughl to lie done immediately; and think now
that the sooner it is done the belter.
Mr. MISSION DliX. The Senator's language
has been the language of denunciation of Con-
gress, at least of complaint.
.Mr. Co\VA Ob, no !
.Mr. FJOSSIONDKN. Very well. Does the
Senator admit that Congress has the right to
examine into ihe condition of these States as
pait of the queMion of admission V
Mr. COWAN. No. sir.
Mr. FIOSSKX DION. I thought, so. "Who
then is to set lie the condition of these States?
Mr. CO WAX. Kach House for itself,
Mr FESSlOXDiOX. Do not the Houses
constitute Congre.-s? Does the Senator admit
that the Senate has a right to examine into and
satisfy itself of the condition of these States?
Mr. COWAN. Unquestionably. I have
held it always.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE,(to Mr.FGSRKXDK.v.) That
is all the point of difference between you and us.
Mr, FI'.SSION DEN, I think the Senator will
find that we differ on a great many other points.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am speaking of this
question now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senate has
a right to examine into the condition of the
States. Is not that a preliminary inquiry?
The Senator may answer or not, just as lie
chooses. I say that if the condition of the
States is to be inquired into by the Senate, it
is a preliminary inquiry. The Senate lias de-
cided that that inquiry shall be made by a
joint committee, a committee of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives. _ It is
not a question referring to the credentials of
members, or whether a man has or has not
proper credentials. The condition of the
States is a question which may well be in-
quired into and better inquired into by both
Houses.
Then we come to this point, that the only
ground of complaint is, that instead of the
Senate raising its own particular committee to
make an examination it has raised a joint
committee, in connection with the House of
Representatives, to examine into the condition
of the confederate States. How small a matter
is that upon which to raise the great question
of taxation without representation! Are we
to omit to tax these people while this inquiry
is going on ? Have wo no right to govern the
people of these States and make them eon-
tribute their share of the public burdens while
this inquiry is being pursued? Are we bound
to let them go scot-free, and say we have no
authority over them, because we have not yet
settled the queslion whether the Senators and
Representatives they have chosen to send here
shall be admitted to seats or not? In all such
cases there must, necessarily be a time when
people are taxed without being represented,
it is their own fault; tliey have brought it upon
themselves. We cannot relax the reins of gov-
ernment because tliey have tried to shake off
our authority. And yet it is a favorite cry of
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, and
it has been repeated here over and over again,
" What gross injustice you are committing by
taxing these people whileyon are inquiring into
their condition and seeing whether tliey are en-
titled to representation on the floor of Congress;
because that is all that has been done.''
Suppose it were a year after a war of four
years; suppose it were even a longer time;
would Ihey have any reason to complain of
injustice? Would they have a right to turn
around upon us and sav, " What right have you
to govern us a day, an hour, while we are not
represented on I he floor of Congress?" The an-
sweris, " You have been in rebellion ; you have
made war against the United States: you are
now crushed and overcome; and we have now
l.o ascertain whether you are fit to come back
and have placed yourself in a position to re-
turn;" and thai, says the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, is a gross outrage on the rights of the
people, because it is taxation without repre-
sentation.
Now, sir, T have been speaking simply of the
power of Congress; hut it is a very different
quest ion when yon come to consider what it is
best to do. I assert the power in its "fullest
extent; 1 assert that by the civil war they lost
all the right.? which I have enumerated, and we
acquired those which 1 have specified. I assert
that they placed themselves in a position in
which they were not connected with this Union
as States. 1 assert that, they have many things
to do in order to regain that position. I assert
that in the mean time we have a right to govern
them, govern them as Christian men and as
statesmen, but, to govern them because tliey
placed themselves in a position to render it ab-
solutely necessary that we should do so; and 1
assert, moveovei, that they cannot come back
here to occupy these seats or seats in the other
House until we— no matter whether it is done
by joint or several authority, so that it is con-
ferred by Congress—be sarislicd ourselves and
decide that they are entitled to occupy these
seats again ; and that we have a right to take
all the time necessary in order to give ourselves
entire satisfaction on that subject, and they have
no right to complain that in the meanwhile they
are taxed without being represented, because
they brought it upon their own heads. I say,
moreover, that the interests and safety of this
country require that we should he entirely con-
vinced of what is due to ourselves and our con-
stituents, and to the safety of all, before we
proceed to the examination of the question of
credentials and qualifications.
But having said that, it is another question
about what we should do; I have been talking
about the right. Now, I hold that the good of
this country requires that these States should
be admitted ; that we should have from them
Senators here in these seats; that we should
have Representatives in the seats in the other
House just as soon as it can be done consist-
ently with the safety of the people of this coun-
try, and of the States now in existence, and of
their own; not that I hold that we should be
doing them any great injustice if we kept them
out; but it is my doctrine that the exercise of
power is always dangerous. It is for our own
good as well as theirs, and our own good in
preference to theirs, that 1 would hasten that
day and admit them in the shortest possible
time; and why? Simply becausc if we con-
tinue to exercise this power; if wc continue to
hold them in subjection, we perhaps create,
and certainly intensify, the feeling of bitter-
ness that already exists; and not only that, but
we intensify our own feeling. We are teach-
ing ourselves to exercise a power which the
Constitution did not contemplate; which the
good of this country ought not to permit and
cannot permit. I should be sorry, I should deem
it a blow, I should consider the country in dan-
ger, if for any considerable length of time the
present stale of things should exist. No wise
or good statesman would wish it to exist for a
single moment longer than it was absolutely
necessary, because the inevitable result is that
we shall become demoralized ourselves.
I hold, then, sir, that it is best for all that as
soon as possible, as soon as it can bo done with
any reasonable show of safety to ourselves and
to the Government of this country, these States
should be established in their original positions,
that Senators should sit here in this branch and
Representatives in the other, and that we should
proceed as best we may to govern the whole
conntry, a Government with the assent of all,
all being represented. But what I wish to enter
my dissent to is the doctrine that we cannot
and ought not to deliberate on the subject, in
our own way, in our own time, and that while
we are doing it wo should be denounced and the
committee of which I am a member be de-
nounced as an irresponsible tribunal, a central
power; some power created to take legislation
out. of its proper channels, and that the majority
of i lie Congress should be held up to the country
as it has been by gentlemen on the other side
of the House, to say the least of it, and I think
also impliedly by my honorable friend from
Wisconsin himself, as perpetrating injustice
day by day every day that passed without seeing
men back in these vacant seats, or the simple
question of their credentials under considera-
tion ; that this was an outrage upon States, States
lately at war, States which up to this day have
never sent us their constitutions or made any
request, whatever in proper form to be admitted
or readmitted to their original condition.
When such complaints be made of the Con-
gress, they are utterly without foundation.
Time enough has not elapsed yet to give rea-
sonable ground for dissatisfaction anywhere.
Time enough has not elapsed yet to say, as
was said by a gentleman on the other side of
the House the other day, that we were keeping
these States out of their places for party pur-
poses, with no evidence whatever to substan-
tiate the charge, except that we had not yet
closed our investigation of their condition. Do
Senators know what we have been doing ? Do
Senators know what evidence we have been
taking ? Do Senators know what evidence we
have received ? Do Senators know anything
