3870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
by our troops, and it became necessary to for-
tify the place. Her house was upon her farm,
situated exactly in the corner of the fortifica-
tion that it was necessary to erect. She is
proved to have been an eminently loyal person
by all those who had acquaintance with her.
The Government destroyed her house entirely,
took it down, and built a fortification right
upon it; it became absolutely necessary to do
so for the defense of the place.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this must be a
case about like the Armes case.
Mr. CLARK. It involves the same princi-
ple as the Armes case; but here the house
was taken down and a fortification put upon
the spot.
Mr. POMEROY. Have we passed the Armes
bill?
Mr. CLARIS. We passed it once, but it
stands on a motion to reconsider.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This was taken by order
of the commanding officer directly.
Mr. CLARK. There is no question of it. •
Mr. POMEROY. I will not oppose this,
because I am in favor of the Armes bill.
Mr. CLARK. It is a claim that ought to
be paid.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time
and passed.
AMELIA i'EASTKK.
Mr. CLARK. I move next to take up Sen-
ate bill No.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 43*1) for the relief of Mrs. Amelia Fcaster,
of Columbia, South Carolina, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the payment to
Mrs. Feaster of $10,000 as reimbursement for
money expended by her in alleviating the suf-
ferings of officers and soldiers of the United
States Army confined in rebel prisons in South
Carolina dining the late rebellion.
Mr. OLA UK. I ask that the report maybe
read in that case.
Mr. RAMSEY and Mr. JOHNSON. Oh,
no ; there is no objection to the bill.
^ Mr. CLARK. If there is no objection to the
bill, and nobody desires to listen to the report,
it need not bo read.
Mr. JOHNSON. The only objection I have
is that the amount, is not half enough.
Mr. CLAlUv. It is all we thoughtwe could
give her.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be ^ engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON CROSLAND.
On naotion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (S. No.
431) for the relief of Washington Crosland was
read the second time aud considered as in
Committee ot the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Washington Crosland, of St. Louis,
Missouri, the sum of $.'20,000, in satisfaction
of all damages which accrued to him by reason
of the construction of a railroad across his two
lots of land in the city of St. Louis by the
United States for military purposes.
_ Mr. CLARK The bill is printed wrongly.
The amount agreed upon by the committee
was $2,000. 1 move to strike out "twenty"
and insert "two." I am told this is a mis-
take of the printer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BAliK MARIA IIENTtY.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No. 518) for the relief of the owners of the
bark Maria Henry was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay §12,000 to
George llearn, agent, and part owner of the
bark Maria Henry, of Portland, Mame, in full
compensation for the use and detention of that
vessel by the military authorities of the (."nitod
States, from the 2fith day of February to the
26th day of May, 1805, inclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
_ Mr. HOWE. I think the language of the
bill does not cover the claim.
Mr. CLARK. I think the bill should be
amended, and I move to amend it by adding
the words, "and for any and all damages for
the omission of said Government to load said
vessel with coal for New Orleans or Port
Royal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time and passed.
ALEXANDER F. PRATT.
On motion of Mr. HOWE the bill (S. No.
435) for the relief of Alexander F. Pratt was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment of §530 to Alexander F. Pratt, in
full for pursuing and capturing one Elijah K.
Janner, convicted of counterfeiting United
States coin.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to bo engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOIIN HASTINGS.
Mr. CLARK. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to report back from the Committee
on Claims, and put on its passage at this time,
a bill for the relief of John Hastinge, late sur-
veyor and depositary of the public moneys at
Pittsburg. He was not collector of customs,
but he was depositary of the public money.
The Department refused to pay him on that
account. This bill simply amends that bill in
that particular, and appropriates to him the
same amount in lieu of that.
The bill (S. No. 324) for the relief of John
Hastings, late surveyor and depositary of pub-
lic moneys at Pittsburg was considered as in
Committee of the Whole, reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
E. J. CURLKY.
TTn motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (S- No.
433) for the relief of R. J. Curley was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to require the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay, or cause to be
paid, E. J. Curley the sum of $34,248 52 as
compensation in full for corn purchased of him
by Captain E. B. W. Reslieaux, assistant quar-
termaster, on the part of the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a tkird reading, read the
third time, aud passed.
JANUS, FOWLER, KIRTLAND AND COMPANY.
Ou motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (S. No.
429) for the relief of Janes', Fowler, Kirtland
& Co. was read the second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for the payment of §62,524 06 for reimburse-
ment of money expended in the construction
of the dome of the Capitol.
Mr. I. RUM111 ILL. That is a pretty large
sum. I think we ought to know what the facts
are.
Mr. CLARK. There is a report in the case.
TheSecretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Clark on the lGth instant:
The Committee on Claims, to whom were referred
the petition and papers relative to the claim of Janes,
.fcowler, Kirtland, & Co., asking compensation ior
damage resulting from the suspension by the Gov-
ernment of the work on thedomeof the Capitol,from
May, 1801, to May, 1862, have had the same under
consideration, and make the following report-
The petitioners set forth that on the 15th day of
Jj ehruary, 1860, they entered into a contract with the
united States, through William B. Franklin, captain
of topographical engineers, in charge of Capitol ex-
tension, for the construction of all that part of the
new dome above the first section, at seven cents per
pound; payments to be made monthly, after theeom-
mencement of the work, as follows: four and one half
cents per pound on the delivery and acceptance of
material on the ground, and the remaining two and
a half cents on the crecfcion and acceptance of such
materia!, ^itteenper cent, to be reserved until the
whole wo; ohon'd bo eo-:r,leted and accepted. The
con, ractiscon„a.nt-d in {heI'orrtspuud'jncepublished
in Senate Documents, Thirty-Sixth Congress, first ses-
sion, Miscellaneous Document No. 29, pages 39 to 52
inclusive, to which they respectfully refer for further
information.
The memorialists proceeded with all possible dis-
patch and diligence in the execution of their con-
tract, and by the 17th of May, 1861, had placed in the
structure 2,409,823 pounds of iron, and had on the
ground 567,3J9 pounds ready for erection—leaving to
be manufactured less than one third in freight of
material.
At that date, to wit, 17th of May, 1861, the Secretary
of War, against the earnest remonstrances of the
memorialists, ordered that the work be suspended,
'* or, if carried on, it be done at the risk and expense
of the contractor, to be paid for only when the con-
dition of the Treasury shall justify the Government
in applying its resources to works of art, not of abso-
lute necessity."
In the settlement which followed this order there
was withheld from the memorialists fifteen per cent,
on the work already done, and other amounts, mak-
ing a total of over 640,000. By reason of this order
of suspension and the withholding of so largo an
amount of money already earned, they were com-
pelled to stop both the purchase and manufacture
of material, dismiss large numbers of skilled labor-
ers, and let their workshops and machinery (which
had been greatly enlarged to enable them to execute
this contract with dispatch) lie idle. The firm there-
by became embarrassed and lost about thirty thou-
sand dollars of their capital in the year 1861.
By the act of 19th of April, 1862, the construction
of thebaic was directed to be resumed under the
supervision of the Sccrctary of the Interior; and in
May, 18b2, the memorialists were requested to resume
work. The price of material and labor had been ad-
vanced considerably and was steadily rising, and it
was evident that they could not complete the work
at the contract price without considerable loss. They
knew the contract was forfeited by the wrongful act
of the Government, and that they were under no
obligation, legal or moral, to proceed with it. But
the Government still held $30,000 of money due be-
fore the suspension, which they feared would never
be paid if they refused to go on. They knew, too,
that no other contractors could complete the unfin-
ished dome as promptly, perfectly, and economically
as they. And above all other motives influencing
them was a pride in completing the splendid work
they had begun. They therefore determined to re-
sume work under this broken contract, or without a
contract as the transaction might bo viewed, trusting
to Congress to make good whatever might bo lost by
reason of the year's suspension.
13ut they found tho task greatly more difficult and
expensive than before, by reason of the scarcity of
skilled labor and rapid advance of materials; while
they could readily, with the force on hand when the
work was suspended in 1861, have completed all tho
castings and delivered them on the ground within
thatyear. t Theirskilledworkmenoncedismissedand
scatteied, it was impossible with the most energetic
effort to get a full force of such workmen to cast and
manufacture material—so that in 1862 they were able
to manufacture and ship to "Washington only 653,195
pounds, which wa3 less than half of the work which
remained to be done at the date of the suspension.
In 1863, thcdifficultiesofprocuringsuch skilled labor
had greatly increased, so that they were only able to
manufacture and ship 586,743 pounds; in 1S61,190,649
pounds—leaving 51,287 pounds necessary to comnleto
the work, which were manufactured and shipped in
1865. <
This protraction through three years of work which
could have been completed in one had the contract
been unsuspended, added greatly to its cost, partly
because it occupied the time and attention of the firm
withdrawn by it from a profitable custom business,
but chiefly because of the rapid increase in cost of
material, freight, and labor.
toil
In 1861, to April, IS62, coal averaged about St 30
1862, after April  6 12
1863  g 17
1861  !4 oo
1865 !| £
In IS' to, Apnl,1862, pig iron averaged about 21 00
1862, after April  24 00
1™3   oo
  50 00
18(35  50 00
Iu 42 April. 1862, wrought iron averaged 50 00
1862, after April  C5 00
18 3  90 00
18W   00
18(w   00
In 1861, to 1862, freight from ISTew York to "Washing-
ton by schooner was  no
1862, after April 7.7."'" 3 50
1863,1864, and 1865 4 00
In 1861, to April, 1862, the wages of moldors, smiths
pattern makers, fitters, tl*c., averaged, per
day, about  h («
1862, after April  '2 00
186 3    o 87
186 4    3 tl
186 5   3 $
All other material, labor, and service increased
each year m about the same average ratio with tho
f materials and labor as above given.
• though more than a third of the casting was done
m 1802, when labor and material wero greatly lower
than in the years following, yet five sixths of the
work of ercction was done after that year. Tho most
of the casting done in 1862 was comparatively plain
work, while nearly all the costly ornamental casting
was done in subsequent years, when labor was at or
nearits maximum 1 ate.*, so fhauit least three fourths
of the expenditures after the suspen.-iou weie neces-
