2910
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
all the same arbitrary amount of pay as pro-
posed in the pending bill, and I submit that
you have imposed the grossest inequality of
burden and responsibility upon them.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does not the bill allow
mileage?
Mr. BLAINE. I am not talking about mile-
age. I am talking about the expenses of
living after the various posts of service shall
have been reached. I was talking only yes-
terday with an officer who has served in the
Rocky mountains and at Fort Bridger. The
Government has had to contract there for wood
at nearly one hundred dollars per cord and
corn at twelve dollars a bushel and flour at
seventy-five dollars a barrel. I submit that
if you send a brigadier general out there under
the pay provided in this bill and compel him
to forego all the privileges of commutation he
cannot feed two horses and keep two servants
on his entire pay.
The gentleman from Ohio says he <loes not
draw his rations in kind but takes commuta-
tion. I know that is the case, but he draws it
in commutation of value at the point where he
is stationed. If a cord of wood costs $100
where he is stationed, lie is entitled to com-
mutation for that. If it costs only eight dol-
lars he is entitled only to that. But this bill
abolishes this whole resource of the officer and
leaves him the same arbitrary amount of pay,
no matter where he may be stationed, and ut-
terly regardless of the extraordinary expenses
to which he may be subjected.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the principle of commu-
tation, with which the gentleman finds so much
fault, has been in vogue ever since the organi-
zation of our Army, and is in practice in every
other army on the globe, I believe. One would
suppose that a system so extended and uniform
must have something of justice and reason and
necessity and common sense to rest upon. Let
lis pursue this question a little further. Take
two officers of the same rank, station one of
them in the city of Washington and the other
at the base of the Rocky mountains, and give
them the same salary; the one at Washington
will be able to live comfortably upon his pay,
while the one at the base of the Roeky mount-
ains will starve on his pay. Now, why should
you, under the plea of equalizing the pay of
the Army, subject an officer at a distant post
to this additional hardship and this unendura-
ble expense?
Let me say in this connection that in my
judgment the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs yielded the whole question
when he put an amendment on this bill allowing
forage to be drawn in kind. Why allow forage
to be drawn in kind more than fuel? Why
should there be commutation on that more than
on anything else which hitherto has been com-
muted? The necessities are the same in the
onwease as in the other; the hardships are the
same; the circumstances and facts are pre-
cisely the same. And I can see no logical
reason why in the one case there should be
commutation, and in the other there should be
none.
The gentleman says the mounted officer
should have it becausc he has horses to provide
for. Why make a distinction between mounted
officers and officers on foot, and not make any
between officers in different localities? The
difference of necessary expense of living be-
tween a cavalry officer and infantry officer at
the same post is not half so great as the pos-
sible difference between two infantry officers
located at different posts.
In reply to the question of economy I beg to
say a single aword. It does not seem entirely
clear that any money would be saved to the
Treasury even if this bill should be adopted
just as the committee has reported it. Under
its provisions some officers would get decidedly
more than they do to-day, even with all these
commutations.
Mr. SCHENCK. Most of them would get
less.
Mr. BLAINE. I admit that many of them
would get less, but those would get less who
can least afford to take less. I beg the House
not to be carried off into a support of this
arbitrary principle because there may be some
abuses in the case of bureau officers. I know
there have been abuses. I will refer to one
which made some little noise at the time.
When General Halleek was here in Washing-
ton as General-in-Chief of the Army, with the
rank of major general, by a certain construc-
tion of commutation and allowances he drew
some twenty-two hundred dollars more pay
than either General Grant or General Sher-
man, commanding armies in the field, with the
same rank. That was a great abuse. But I
do not see why you should correct the abuse in
this way, by creating a new abuse in making
injurious discriminations between officers in the
field.
You may question any officer in the Army,
and he will tell you this is unjust. Apply this
bill as drafted to an expedition like the one
sent to Utah by President Buchanan. Sup-
pose you had said to the officers of that expe-
dition that they should have no commutation
for rations, no commutation for fuel or forage.
The second lieutenant, on his pay of $1,600 a
year, being obliged to buy his own rations and
fuel and forage, the clothing and rations for
his servant, could not have lived through
that winter on double the amount of his en-
tire pay.
I trust the House will bear in mind that the
great amount of services to be performed by
our Army hereafter will beat just such exposed
points as those to which I have referred. If
you choose to send a lot of men out into tne
wilderness to fight the Indians, to guard the
overland mail route, or to protect the Pacific
railroad, do not send them out there to starve,
as they would do under the provisions of this
bill.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I will ask the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaixe] if the difficulty
might not be obviated by allowing officers to
draw their rations in kind at the posts where
the prices were so high.
Mr. BLAINE. That would be a very great-
improvement, and would make a very great
difference.
Mr. FARQUHAR. The gentleman speaks
of the Utah expedition. That was an expedi-
tion in the field, where they do not have com-
mutation, but draw in kind.
Mr. BLAINE. I know they draw in kind
in the field, as the gentleman says; and he
speaks from experience in these matters. But
under the bill of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] they would not be allowed to
do that. The gentleman from Indiana will
observe that this will cut them off from that
privilege, and that the officer would be re-
quired_ to buy out of his private purse all of
his rations and fuel, no matter how exorbitant
and enormous the cost might be.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that if it be necessary to
correct any excess of pay or allowances in any
particular—in a bureau here or a bureau there
—we shall confine ourselves to that task, and
not legislate in this wholesale manner in regard
to officers in the field and at distant posts.
MESSAGE I'KOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Coopek, his Private Secretary.
MESSAGE ERCCtl TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passedajointresolution (S. R. No.94)providing
for the _ payment of certain Kentucky militia
forces, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the following named Senate bills:
An act (S. No. 1fi7) to incorporate the
Women's Hospital Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 184) to define more clearly
the jurisdiction and powers of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
PAY OF THE ARMY—AGAIN.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the propo-
sition which is now before the House to alter
the system of payment of officers of the Army
is by no means a new or original proposition;
and I am not vain enough to suppose that I
shall be able to shed much additional light on
the subject. It is my purpose, however, to
place upon the record my opposition to this
bill, and to detain the House a few moments
while I give my reasons for that opposition.
The system which has always obtained for the
payment of officers of the Army is one which
is founded upon equity and the necessity of
the case. Propositions have frequently been
made for a change of that system and for the
substitution of a rigid, uniform, and invari-
able rule of pay for all officers in all situa-
tions. Those propositions, whether made in
this House or elsewhere, have, after undergoing
careful scrutiny, uniformly failed to receive the
approval of those whose judgment is entitled
to the highest consideration, and those who
have hitherto constituted the law-making power
of the country.
Sir, it must be manifest that in a country
including so large a space as that which is
covered by the United States, embracing so
many degrees of latitude and longitude, the
expenses of living must differ vastly in differ-
ent parts of the country. The price of subsist-
ence is one thing at St. Louis; it is a totally
different thing at Eastport. It is one thing at
New Orleans; it is a different thing at Phila-
delphia. It is one thing at Carlisle, an interior
town in my own State; it is quite another thing
in Washington.
Now, sir, the present system, that which has
always been adopted by this Government, and
the one which, as I am informed, prevails in
every service, is founded upon the idea of
remedying all this inequality by making the
Government the purchaser of the necessaries
of life for the officer, furnishing them to him
as a part of his pay.
Sir, an officer who is obliged to pay bat a
small price for his board in a town when- the
price of living is cheap, is, as any man must
see, on an entirely different footing from an
officer who is placed in another position where
the expense of living is extremely high. The
Government remedies this inequality by pur-
chasing 'the .subsistence and furnish'-ig it in
kind to both the officers.
The Government can go into ail the markets
of the United States and purchase its provis-
ions for the Army. It can purchate them at
rates vastly below the prices which nn individ-
ual officer would be obliged to pay for his indi-
vidual subsistence. The Government, there-
fore, has hitherto thought it wise to purchase
by contract the subsistence for the officer, and
to deal out to him, whether he be situated in
Arizona or in Boston, those provisions which it
has purchased for the common benefit of the
Army. So with regard to forage and fuel.
The Government can purchase those articles
at rates vastly below the prices at which an
individual officer would be obliged to provide
his individual forage and fuel. Why, sir, an
officer who has to pay eight dollars per cord
for wood in the place where he is stationed
cannot be said to be on a footing of equality
as regards pay with an officer who is obliged
to pay fifty or even one hundred dollars per
cord for wood, as it has been stated was the
case at Fort Bridger, where the Government,
as is alleged, was obliged to pay the latter
sum.
Now, sir, take an officer and place him in a
i cheap locality and compel him to pay for his
own subsistence, allow him to draw no rations,
allow him no forage and no fuel, and lie may
pay his way out of his own salary. Take a
captain for instance, with $2,000 a year. He
may, if he bo assigned to a cheap locality, by
rigid economy live upon the sum you propose
to assign him for his living by this bill. If
