1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
olas Hibner, late private in the sixth regiment
of the Missouri State militia.
Also, that the Senate had passed Senate bills
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 201) for the relief of Ann
He1h, widow of William Heth, of Harrison
county, Indiana;
An act (S. No. 237) granting a pension to
Mrs. Martha Stevens;
An act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Mrs. Amarilla Cook;
An act (S. No. 241) directingthe enrollment
of Agnes W. Laughliu, widow of a deceased sol-
dier, as a pensioner; and
An act (S. No. 252) granting a pension to
Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled the fol-
lowing act and joint resolutions; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 229) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to transfer a gun-
boat to the Government of the republic of
Liberia;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) for the
temporary relief of destitute people in the
District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 45) protesting
against pardons by foreign Governments of
persons convicted of infamous offenses on
condition of emigration to the United States.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY AGAIN.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the third
section by inserting after the words "gradu-
ates of the United States Military Academy"
the words " who shall graduate after the pas-
sage of this actso that it will read :
Provided, however, That graduates of the United
States Military Academy, who shall graduate after
the passage of this act, shall be eligible to appoint-
ment as second lieutenants.
Mr. BOYER. I accept the amendment.
Mr. GAliFIELD. I would suggest the fur-
ther amendment to add the words, "and to
no higher grade."
Mr. BLAINE. I take it that is the exist-
ing law.
Mr. CONKLING. The criticism made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. BoyerJ
is that by the clause, as it stands unamended,
a graduate from West Point must have served
in order to be considered in reference to ap-
pointment as second lieutenant. The propo-
sition now is to leave the section as it is in
that respect, except to provide that graduates
coming from the Military Academy hereafter
shall be eligible to such appointment.
Now, if I understand the point and appre-
hend the force of this language, the change
will be to confine the section as it now is to
those who may graduate hereafter, leaving the
other question as much open as it is now. I
would suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that the object may
be accomplished by inserting after the word
"eligible," in the proviso as it now stands,
the words "without having served as volun-
teers so that the clause will read:
Provided, however, That graduates of the United
States Military Academy shall be eligible without,
having served as volunteers to appointment as sec-
ond lieutenants.
Mr. BOYER. I think myself that would be
much better.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that would meet
the point on all sides, and leave it in much
better shape than it is now.
Mr. BLAINE. I will accept that in lieu of
my amendment, although I think it is mere
surplusage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs [Mr. Schenck] for a moment
while I indicate an amendment which I think
should be made to this section. I understand
the object of the committee by this section to
be to give to officers and soldiers of Volunteers
during the late war all the commissions of first
and second lieutenants, and two thirds of those
of higher grade. Now, it seems to me that the
language employed in this section does not
accomplish that obj ect. The section now reads—■
All the first and second lieutenants of which, and
two thirds of the officers in each of the grades above
that of first lieutenant, shall be elected from among
the officers and soldiers of volunteers who have served
in the Army of the United States in the late war for
the suppression of the rebellion, &e.
Now, a great many of the officers of volun-
teers who served in the late war also held com-
missions in the regular Army.
Mr. BLAINE. That point is fully met by
another section of this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to insert
•after the word "volunteers," in the clause I
have just read, the words "not holding com-
missions in the regular Army."
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg to call the attention
of the gentleman to section forty of this bill,
which obviates all ambiguity such as the gen-
tleman complains of. That section provides:
That officers of the regular Army, who have also
held commissions as officers of volunteers, shall not
on that account be held to be volunteers under the
provisions of this act.
This defines what is meant by " officers of
volunteers," so as to exclude any conclusion
such as the gentleman thinks might be arrived
at without such a provision.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that is true,
and I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, T move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House adopted the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine,] in regard to the time during
which this provision for the appointment of
officers is to continue in force. I will state
what I understand to be the effect of that
amendment.
As the section now stands it has application
only to the filling of the original vacancies—
the formation of the regiment at the outset—
leavingthelaws already in force and as amended
by this bill to apply with reference to subse-
quent promotions and appointments in each
regiment. The result of that is that when the
original vacancies are once filled th^-e are no
further appointments, except to the grade of
second lieutenant. Now, the effect of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Wisconsin is simply to provide that for a term of
nearly four years those original appointments
to th.e grade of second lieutenant shall be made
solely from volunteer officers and soldiers, thus
excluding from promotion during all that time
the rank and file of this very army which we
are now organizing.
I submit that such a policy is one which this
House is not ready, on deliberate consideration,
to sanction, and one which ought not to be sanc-
tioned. I submit that if we are ever to have
an efficient army we must in organizing it rely
mainly on the opportunity for promotion held
out to the rank and file of that army. Hence,
it appears to me that this provision proposed
by the gentleman from Wisconsin will derogate
greatly from the efficiency of the army which
we now propose to organize.
I trust that the motion to reconsider will
prevail, and that appointments to the grade of
second lieutenant, after the regiments are once
organized, after the original vacancies are once
filled, will be left open, as they are under ex-
isting laws, to the rank and file, to those who
have served as volunteers, to those who may
come from civil life, and to the graduates of
the Military Academy.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say a few words in
reply to the considerations submitted by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hale:] and
I will admit at the outset that those considera-
tions are not without weight. But the gentle-
man, while he is proposing to provide by law
that these positions shall be given hereafter to
men in the ranks, must also bear in mind that
the larger proportion of these six regiments
will be made up of men who have been volun-
teers during this war. and who will hence fall
strictly within the terms of the section as now
amended on my motion. I am anxious to pro-
vide for the volunteers who have served in this
war and who may hereafter reenlistin the reg-
ular Army; but 1 contend that they are covered
by the section as it now stands.
There is another thing which the gentleman
must not overlook. He is anxious, as I am, to
provide for the seventeen hundred officers of
the regular Army; but, sir, I am anxious, as I
believe he must be, to provide for the fifty or
one hundred thousand officers of volunteers.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will permit me
to say that it is the privates, the rank and file
of the regular Army, not the officers, that I am
now trying to provide for.
Mr. PAINE. I understand ; but, as I was
remarking, I am anxious that the fifty or one
hundred thousand officers of the volunteer army
should not be lost sight of. Lot me say to the
gentleman again, what he appears to have failed
to understand, that the rank and file of these
six new regiments will be men who have served
in the volunteer army during this war, and those
men are covered by the section as it stands
with my amendment, for by that section these
commissions are to be given, not to volunteer
officers alone, as the gentleman seems to sup-
pose, but to volunteer officers or soldiers.
I may remark, too, that, as I believe, a statu-
tory provision ought hereafter to be adopted
that promotions and commissions in the regu-
lar Army shall be given exclusively to officers
and soldiers actually in the service, so that the
privates may be lifted up by merit to commis-
sions, as they deserve to be. But I cannot see
the force of the gentleman's objection to my
amendment already adopted.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will allow me
to submitto him this single proposition, whether
there is any justice, or fairness, or propriety in
providing that a soldier who has served in the
volunteer forces during the last four years and
then enlisted in the regular Army, shall be eli-
gible to appointment as a second lieutenant,
while a private, a corporal, or a sergeant who
has served faithfully in the regular Army during
the same period shall be ineligible. The effect
of the amendment is to make that discrimina-
tion.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, there is a
single consideration I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Wisconsin. One of the diffi-
culties we are going to encounter is to fill the
ranks of the Army which we are providing for
in this bill. The officers are going to be nu-
merous. It will he more than four times as
large as any Army we have ever had in the
United States. Now, the graduates of the
West Point Military Academy will not begin
to supply the commissions this Army will call
for. Heretofore graduation at West "Point has
outrun the demand for officers to such an extent
that a great many had to enter as brevet sec-
ond lieutenants, who remained brevet second
"lieutenants for years. I .know officers who
served fifteen years before they got first lieu-
tenant's commissions.
That being the case, the way to official
position not being through West Point, except
for a minority of places, if the Army bill is
wisely regulated you can make the appointing
power to official position one of the strongest
stimulants of filling up your ranks. I would like
to see it confined that the first appointments and
promotion to official positions should be from
West Point and from the rank and file. You
can get a better class of men. You will pre-
vent, too, what is called political influence in
making appointments. You certainly will stim-
ulate enlistments. Deserving men who enter
the Army and get the rank of corporals or ser-
geants will have a fair show of being officers in
a few years.
Mr. THAYER. How does the gentleman
propose to stimulate enlistment by providing
that those who enlist shall not be promoted
until 1870?
Mr. BLAINE. As I am speaking against
that amendment the gentlemah had better ask
the question of some one else. I am speaking
