1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2911
you place that officer in any other position
where subsistence and forage and fuel command
inordinate prices, you do not support that of-
ficer, you compel him to resign. That is the
only effect of your bill. No man will remain
in the service when the compensation you pro-
pose to give him will not supply the ordinary
necessaries of human existence.
Nor will ho remain if he sees he is made the
subjcet of invidious discrimination and ine-
quality. Officers have no selection at the
posts at which they will serve. They are in
the hands of the War Department and the
President, Where they are ordered there
they must go. They cannot make their own
beds. They must lie wherever the Govern-
ment chooses to place them. It is a rule, as
we well know, that the most desirable posi-
tions in assignment of duty shall be assigned
to officers who have seniority in the service.
Officers, then, sir, who have arrived at such a
time of life, who have been for a. sufficient
period in service to command the most eco-
aomicalpositionsto whichofficers are assigned,
may be relieved to some extent of the hard-
ships of the proposed bill. But take the gen-
eral run of officers, the most of them are not
entitled by seniority to any preference of that
kind. They must go where they are ordered,
and when they go you propose to deprive
them of subsistence, of forage, of tiansporta-
tion, and everything, I believe, that they have
had before, no matter whether they are at a
cheap position or'a dear position; no matter
whether they*are at a position where they can
save fifty dollars a year or be left $1,500 or
$2,000 in debt at the end of the year. You
say they shall have the same salary without
regard to circumstances, and without regard
to the expense they incur. Common sense
and common justice are against it, and that is
my reason for opposing the bill.
An officer is entitled to quarters. You pro-
pose not to give him quarters. There arc
many posts where there are quarters built for
the use of officers. You do not intend, I sup-
pose, to prohibit him from occupying these
quarters. You do not intend to say when you
send a man to the West that he shall not
inhabit our forts. I do not see that you pro-
pose to charge him rent for quarters furnished
to him. If you do not propose to make him
pay for the use of quarters, I ask upon what
ground you make a discrimination against
other officers, upon what ground you say offi-
cers where there are Government • quarters
shall have the use of them free and where
there are none the officers shall pay for them
out of their own pockets. Is there any justice
in that?
MESSAGE FROM THE SKNAXJB.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body insisted on its amendments to
House joint resolution No. 154, relative to
appointments to the Military Academy of the
United States, disagreed to by the House,
agreed to the conference asked for, and had
appointed Mr. Wilsox, Mr. Axthoxt, and
Mr. Hendricks managers of such conference
on its part.
Also, that it insisted on its amendments to
House bill No. 37, making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy daring
the year ending the 30th of June, 1807, dis-
agreed to by the House, agreed to the confer-
ence asked for, and had appointed Mr. Fes-
sexden, Mr. Conness, and Mr. Riddle man-
agers of such conference on its part.
Also, that it insisted on its amendment to
House bill No. 255, making appropriations for
the construction, preservation, and repair of
certain fortifications and other works of de-
fense for the year ending the 80th of June,
18G7, disagreed (o by the House, agreed to the
conference asked for, and had appointed Mr.
Morgan, Mr. Mormix, and Mr. Sutt.sisury
managers of such conlerence on its part.
pay of toe army again.
Mr. THAYER, Mr. Speaker, an analogy
has been attempted to be drawn between the
compensation of an officer in the Army and
that of an officer in the Navy. Now, I do not
think it requires much discrimination to per-
ceive that there is a total failure in the at-
tempted analogy. An officer of the Navy, if
he is at sea, of course lives on board of his
ship. He has no quarters to pay for. If he
is on shore, on leave, he can select the place
of his residence. In point of fact, we know
that all our Navy officers do that. They locate
their homes wherever they please; if poor,
with a view to economy as well as comfort;
if rich, they may choose their homes in more
expensive localities ; and while they are on
leave they can go to those homes and occupy
them. It is a matter which is entirely under
their own control and at their own option.
They may select whatever part of the country
they please. When they are at sea their quar-
ters are of course furnished. They live with-
out rent. They receive their supplies from
the purser, or rather from the paymaster of
the ship, as he is now called. So that, so far
as any argument is to be deduced from an
analogy between the situation of the two kinds
of officers, it strikes me there is a total failure
in it. There is no analogy between the cir-
cumstances of the officers in the two branches
of the service.
How can you fix any rigid system of pay
which will do equal justice to all the officers of
the Army whatever their situation or command
may be? That is a question which has been
attempted to be solved by very many gentlemen
before the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
attempted it, and no man has ever yet suc-
ceeded in doing it. You- cannot by the force
of ingenuity make any scale of pay which will
do equal justice between the officers of the
Army, wherever they maybe situated and what-
ever their circumstances in the service may be.
It is an impossibility, simply and purely. That
is the reason why, from the foundation of the
Government, the system which now prevails has
existed. It is simple, it is just. A man who
is in one place gets no more than the man who
is in another place. It adjusts all the inequali-
ties of living everywhere. Whether the officer
is in one extremity of the country or another
the Government does him equal justice by the
system which now obtains. It buys for him
his subsistence, his forage, his fuel, his quar-
ters, ahd gives them to him at what they cost
the Government, and if he does not choose to
use the subsistence, forage, fuel, &c., it allows
him as an equivalent the price which the Gov-
ernment has had to pay at the point where the
officer is stationed.
Now, one would think that a system so plain,
so apparently just and equal as that, ought not
to be disturbed, especially when the manifest
and obvious result of a disturbance such as is
here contemplated would be to introduce the
grossest inequality. You would drive many
officers, in my judgment, from the service of
the United States if you put them upon sala-
ries such as are contemplated by this bill, and
place them at certain posts which might bo
designated.
Mr. Speaker, T do not intend to take up fur-
ther the time of the House in the consideration
of thi? bill. It is a subject which, though one
of great consequence, is really embraced within
a very narrow compass. It is one for which
it seems to mo common sense furnishes the
safest solution, and equal justice the true rule.
Much has been said by my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] in regard to the bureaus of the
War Department in this city. For what pur-
pose, or what legitimate connection the bureaus
have with this bill, I cannot conceive. I may
say, however, that during the consideration of
a former bill in the House it was attempted to
arouse some prejudices by an appeal against
the bureaus of the War Department in this
city and those who have the fortune or the mis-
fortune, whichever you may choose to call it,
of belonging to them. I would like to know
what that has to do with this subject. If any
man votes for this bill upon the idea that he is
going to inflict an injury upon the bureaus of
the War Department, I tell him he will com-
mit a very grave mistake. I tell him that the
injury he will inflict will be upon the officers in
the distant, destitute posts of this country where
all the necessaries of life are scarce and high.
Why, sir, even a bureau officer here may creep
into some dirty hole and live in rags, perhaps,
upon the pay proposed in the gentleman's bill
without subsistence quarters, fuel, forage, or
anything. But there are places where officers,
and many of them, who have shed their blood
in defense of your cause, in the far and remote
West where subsistence and all these things
are so high, cannot live upon the salary which
you propose to give them while you strip them
of the support which you have hitherto given
them by furnishing these things in kind.
Sir, this legislation is not in its effect, whether
the intention be so or not, against the bureaus
here. It is vastly more against the officers sit-
uated in the manner to which I have referred
than it is against the gentlemen whose posi-
tions have been made the subject of such fre-
quent remark by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Suhexck.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foexey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had adopted a concurrent resolution
in reference to the death of Lieutenant Gen-
eral Scott.
deatii of general scott.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and Souse of Representatives :
With sincere regret I announce to Congress
that Winfield Scott, late lieutenant general in
the Army of the United States, departed this
life at West Point, in the State of New York, on
the 29th day of May instant, at eleven o' clock in
the forenoon. I feel well assured that Congress
will share in the grief of the nation which must
result from its bereavement of a citizen whose
high fame is identified with the military history
of the Republic.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, May 30,1860.
The message was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the Senate of the
United States:
In Senate of the United States,
May SO, 1866.
Resolved bu the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia of the Senate and the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives be, and they arc hereby, appointed a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses of Congress to take mto
consideration the message of the President of the
United States announcing to Congress the death of
Lieutenant General Winfield Scott, and to report
what method shall be adopted by Congress to mani-
fest their appreciation of the high character, tried
patriotism, and distinguished public sorviees of Lieu-
tenant General Scott, and their deep sensibility upon
the announcement of his death.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
concur in that resolution.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be no
more business done to-day; and I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved. That from respect to the memory of the
deceased this House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes before four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Allen J. Bent-
ten, chairman, and Mark E. Foster, secretary, on
behalf of colored people of G-oldsboro', North Car-
olina. asking tliat the protecting influence of the
Freedmen's Bureau may be continued. ^
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Charles D.
Stevens, and others, citizens of Michigan, touching
inter-State insurance. ......
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of 5o citizens of
