1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
against the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin. I am for filling up with officers of
volunteers at the organization and then leaving
promotion open to the rank_ and file. There-
fore I am for a reconsideration of the vote by
which the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HALE. I. will stale, if this be recon-
sidered, it will be perfectly satisfactory to retain
the present words moved by the gentleman from
Wisconsin; and simply to add to them that
they shall be selected from among the officers
and soldiers of volunteers and the enlisted men
of the regular Army.
Mr. PAINE. That will be perfectly satis-
factory to me.
Mr. HALE. That will provide that these
vacancies shall be filled either from the volun-
teer or regular Army. If it be satisfactory, I
will withdraw my motion to reconsider, and
move to add after the word " service" in the
tenth line, "or enlisted men of the regular
Army; " so that it will read, as follows:
Sec. 4. And lie it further enacted, That to the six
regiments of cavalry now in service there shall be
added six regiments, haying the same organization
as is now provided by law for cavalry regiments, all
the first and second lieutenants of which, and two
thirds of the officers in each of the grades above that
of first lieutenant, shall be selected from among the
officers and soldiers of_volunteers_ who have served
in the Army of the United States in the late war for
the suppression of the rebellion, and have been dis-
tinguished for capacity, good conduct, and efficient
service, or enlisted men of the regular Army.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to
that amendment. The officers and soldiers of
the regular Army have, under this section as
it now stands, avenues for promotion open
to them in all the old regiments of which they
are members, as well as to one third of the
officers of the new regiments. These regi-
ments are going to be filled up, if at all, by
men who served in the late war almost entirely.
This section provides that the officers and sol-
diers who served in the late war may hold all
the offices except one third. What is the use
of extending it to embrace soldiers of the reg-
ular Army who already may receive commis-
sions in the old regiments? Now, sir, these
new regiments are to be filled up by soldiers
of the late war. I say they are all included in
this section without amendment. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York will
extend the privilege to all the men in the old
regiments now.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will allow me
to explain. He misapprehends my amendment.
It is simply that the original vacancies—that is
what I intend by it, but perhaps I failed to
express it clearly—that the original vacancies
above that of first lieutenant are to be filled by
promotion and not by appointment, and the
rank of second lieutenant is to be filled from
those who served in the volunteers daring this
war or served in the regular Army.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not in the
amendment as proposed by the gentleman
before. That is very well.
Mr. HALE. I think the gentleman's criti-
cism is just. I will so modify my amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I supposed the amendment
of the gentleman from New York was to be
inserted in line seven. That presented itself
to my mind at first. Now, he proposes some-
thing different by placing the amendment in
the tenth line, which gives a man who hap-
pened to be an enlisted man in the regular
Army the same rights and privileges as those
who rendered actual service during the war.
It is not just.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not regard
the gentleman as accepting the amendment,
but the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale]
withdrew his motion to reconsider, and moved
to amend the section by adding'thereto.
Mr. PAINE. I have made my objections
to the amendment. I have said what I wish,
and that I cannot accept it.
Mr. HALE. Being satisfied that the criti-
cism of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] in regard to my original amend-
ment was well founded, and that it failed to
express the idea I had intended, I will modify
it thus:
After the word "service" insert as follows:
And after the original vacancies are filled, enlisted
men of the regular Army shall in like manner be
eligible to appointment as second lieutenants.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am afraid this will not
cohere very well, and that it will not accom-
plish the object which the gentleman has in
view.
I yielded to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to remove some
of the ambiguity in the section upon the ques-
tion whether these were the original vacancies
or not. But I doubt the propriety of extend-
ing it further than three or four years to come.
I think the intention of the committee in the
original section was about right, and that may
be carried out if the gentleman will reconsider
his proposition and insert something of the kind
in another place. I will suggest that section
three be amended so as to road thus:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That to the six
regiments of cavalry now in service there shall be
addod six regiments, having the same organization
as is now provided by law for cavalry regiments, and
in making appointments to till the original vacancies
in the regiments thus provided for all the first and
second lieutenants, and two thirds of the officers in
each of the grades above thatof firstlieutenant, shall
bo selected from among the officers and soldiers of
volunteers who have served in the Army of the Uni-
ted States in the late war for the suppression of the
rebellion, and have been distinguished for capacity,
good conduct, and efficient service.
I think that will compromise all these differ-
ences. I submit to the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Paise] whether that will not accom-
plish the objcct.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to ask, does this
proposition include the reconsideration of the
amendment passed on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe?]
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. _
Mr. PAINE. The proposition of the chair-
man of the committee is not satisfactory to me
for the reasons that I gave at the outset. It
seems to me that something more than the
original vacancies should be retained to reward
those men who have served in the volunteer
army during the war. There have been from
one to two millions of them, and from fifty to
a hundred thousand officers who have served
in the volunteers, and if we give to them only
the specified original vacancies in these six
new regiments of cavalry, leaving all the other
six and a part of these to officers and privates
of the regular Army, it seems to me we shall
not be doing justice to officers and soldiers of
the volunteers. As it stands now the regular
Army has .the commissions of six of the cav-
alry regiments and one third of all above lieu-
tenants in the others. Why should we give to
the few men who compose the regular Army,
either as officers or as enlisted men, not only
the commissions of the six old regiments and
one third of those of the higher grades of the
new, but also the greater part of the remain-
ing two thirds of the commissions of the six
new regiments of cavalry? I would be willing
to abridge the time, but I cannot consent that,
all the promotions to be made after the original
vacancies shall be filled shall pass beyond the
reach of the volunteer officers.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I believe the reg-
ular Army has always taken eare to look out
for its own children in regard to promotion.
No one has ever been promoted over the great
bulk of the cadets.
Mr. BLAINE. The Army Register shows
some one hundred and fifty officers who have
been promoted directly from the ranks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A large number of
promotions have been made lately from the
regular Army from sergeants to first lieuten-
ants and captains to make room for first and
second lieutenants on the recommendation of
members of Congress. But I have not seen
any first lieutenants or captains appointed upon
such recommendation. I see a great many
colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors who
have served faithfully during the war have
been appointed second lieutenants while ser-
geants have been promoted to make room for
them.
Mr. SCHENCK. To bring the House back
to the suggestion that I made as a compromise,
I propose to insert in section three after the
words "cavalry regiments," these words:
And in making appointments to fill the original
vacancies in the regiments thus provided for, and for
a period of three years after the passage of this act.
Also to strike out the words " of which;" so
that the section will read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That to the six
regiments of cavalry now In service there shall be
added six regiments, having the same organization
as is now provided by law for cavalry regiments, and
m making appointments to fill theoriginal vacancies
in the regiments thus provided for, and for a period
of three years after the passa2e of this act, all thefirsfc
and second lieutenants, and two thirds of the officers
in each of the grades above that of first lieutenant,
shall be selected from among the officers and soldiers
of volunteers who have served in the Army of the
United States in the late war for the suppression of
the rebellion, and have been distinguished for capa-
city, good conduct, and efficient servicc.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of Mr. Patxk was adopted was
agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
said amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw it, and accept the
proposition of the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Schenck.]
The amendment of Mr. Sciiexck was then
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask now to have read
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. I will modify it by inserting
after the word "lieutenant" these words :
And that after the original vacancies are filled,
enlisted men of t he regular Armyshall in like manner
be eligible to appointment as second lieutenants.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not necessary now,
after the adoption of the last amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the amendment
in the sliape now presented will not prevail, and
for this reason: ifit be passed, all that a civilian
who has ever served in his life has to do to get
into the regular Army as second lieutenant is
to have it arranged that as soon as he shall be
enlisted in the regular Army he shall be pro-
moted, and in a few days he can pass from civil
life to the position of a commissioned officer.
Now, that is precisely the thing which we do
not want to be done. We want the Army to be
made up of those who have served either in the
ranks or as officers.
It has been said, very properly, that persons
who have served in the regular Army ought to
have a chance to be promoted. They have a
chance now ever}" day. In the nineteen regi-
ments now in servicc it is a very common thing
for enlisted men to be promoted to commis-
sions. Therefore no wrong is done to these by
the law as it now stands. But if we do what
the amendment proposes, men who never saw
a day's service can enlist to-day and to-morrow
get commissions as second lieutenants.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to bring to the atten-
tion of the House a single instance that occurred
within my personal knowledge. A man of in-
fluence had a friend for whom he desired a com-
mission in the regular Army. He enlisted and
received a high bounty from the Government,
with an arrangement by which he was placed
immediately on agreeable duty at the head-
quarters of his immediate commander, and as
soon as possible recommended for promotion.
And but a short time elapsed after he had pock-
eted his bounty and entered the regiment as a
private, before he received his commission, for
which alone he enlisted.
That will be done every day if this amend-
ment is adopted.
Mr. HALE. It will probably be difficult to
frame any bill that will not be subject to abuses
by the President of the United States, the_
Senate of the United States, the Secretary of
War, and officers in command of brigades and
regiments in the Army. It can hardly be
I expected that we can provide against all the
i frauds which may be committed by the collu-
