2912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Licking counts', Ohio, praying for an increased duty
on foreign wools.
By Mr. ELIOT : The petition of John Sherlock, for
American register for British brig Resolute.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of citizens of Little
Falls, Herkimer county, New York, in favor of the
modification of the law taxing State bank circulation
ten per cent, after July 1,1866.
By Mr. PBKH AM: The petition of Alexander M.
Pecs, for pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 81, 1866.
Prayer by tie Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the memorial
of John B. Bartlett, who was secretary of state
of Rhode Island, offering to the Government
of the United States a collection of books,
pamphlets, and a large number of volumes of
newspaper cuttings relating to the rebellion.
These cuttings are taken from the northern
papers, the southern papers, and English and
French papers, and include, also, the poetry
of the rebellion, the ballads, caricatures, biog-
raphies, eulogies, and a vast variety of sub-
jects. all relating to the rebellion. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee
on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I also present from the
same person a memorial submitting to Con-
gress a work entitled, "The Literature of the
Rebellion," containing a catalogue of books
and pamphlets relating to the rebellion, and
to subjects growing out of that event or con-
nected therewith. This collection embraces,
I believe, more tlian three thousand articles,
books, pamphlets, reports, eulogies, and every-
thing relating to the rebellion. I move its
reference to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I present the petition of a
number of citizens of the State of Florida, who
represent that they were forcprl to enter the
rebel army, and to give their notes for horses
in the cavalry, and that their officers retained
the amount of those notes out of their pay:
that they lost their horses, and now tliey are
sued upon the notes. They want Congress to
pass some law which will enable them to defend
themselves. I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on*the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of Paul
S. Forbes, praying forrelief under his contract
for the building of the engine of the steamer
Algonquin; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Croswell,
praying for a pension, be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to tlie Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLJTTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a bill (S. No. 348) to supply
deficiencies and relieve destitute Indians in
the southern superintendence; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. He presented
a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, sub-
mitting estimates for deficiencies for the sup-
port of destitute Indians in the southern super-
intendency, to accompany the bill; which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
26'J) to define the number and regulate the
appointment of officers in Ihe Navy, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 341) amendatory of the preemption laws,
and for other purposes, have instructed me to
report it back, in order that it may be printed
and recommitted to that committee.
The bill was ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the petition and
otherpapers of PaulS. Forbes, praying for relief
under his contract with the Navy Department j
for building the sloop-of-war Idaho, submitted
a report, accompanied by a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 99) for the relief of Paul S. Forbes,
under his contract with the Navy Department
for the building and furnishing of the sloop-of-
war Idaho. The joint resolution was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 466) erecting the Territory of Montana
into a surveying district, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mi-. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
o08) to amend the organic acts of the Territo-
ries of Nebraska, Colorado, Dakota, Montana,
Washington, Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New
Mexico, reported it with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 325) to give certain powers to the
levy court of the county of Washington iu the
District of Columbia, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying for a modification of the postal laws
so as to permit the postage on books and doc-
uments transmitted to historical societies and
libraries to be paid for on delivery, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
LETTER CARRIERS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General to pay additional
salary to letter carriers in San Francisco, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage; and as the
resolution is a very brief one and maybe easily
comprehended, I hope that by common con-
sent it will be considered at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which authorizes the
Postmaster General to pay such additional sal-
ary to letter carriers in San Francisco^ above
that provided by law, as may be necessary to
secure competent persons for such service.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MINERAL-WATER BOTTLES.
Mr. JOHNSON. Some eight or ten days
ago I moved to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sage of Senate bill No. 265, in relation to the
sale of mineral-water bottles in this District.
I move now that that motion be taken up with
a view of offering one or two amendments to
get clear of the objections to which the bill
was obnoxious.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill (S. No. 265) to pro-
tect the manufacturers of mineral waters in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
was passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the vote by which this bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading be now recon-
sidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the word "allowable" in the
fourth line of the first section, and inserting
"allowed to be sold."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I also move to amend the
bill by inserting after the word "marked" in
the fifth line of the second section the words
"for sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out in line five of the second
section the words "or to sell, dispose of, or to
buy;" so as to make the section read:
It is hereby declared to bo unlawful for any person
or persons hereafter, without the permission of the
owner or owners thereof, to fill with mineral waters
or other beverages any such bottles so marked for
sale, or to traffic in any such bottles so marked, &c.
Mr. MORRILL. T should like to have an
explanation as to the object of this amend-
ment.
Sir. JOHNSON. The objection to which
the bill as it passed the Senate was liable, as I
thought—and in that I had the concurrence of
several members of the Senate—was, that it
would subject to the penalty which the bill im-
poses all who might buy mineral water in bot-
tles, or get possession of bottles containing min-
eral water, and might afterward dispose of them
in any way. The object of the bill is to pro-
tect the maker of the bottles, who is to place
his namaon the bottles under the authority of
the first section, from having his bottles traded
in by others. If the amendment which I sug-
gest shall be adopted, then the penalty which
the law will impose in order to protect the man-
ufacturer of the bottles will be as against those
who traffic in the bottles.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PROPERTY OF RELIGIOUS CORPORATIONS.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 564.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. -564) to annul the
thirty-fourth section of the declaration of rights
of the State of Maryland, so far as it applies
to the District of Columbia. It proposes to
repeal and annul the thirty-fourth section of
the declaration of rights of the State of Mary-
land, adopted 1776, so far as it has been recog-
nized and adopted in the District of Columbia;
and all sales, gifts, and devises prohibited by
that section, or any law passed in accordance
therewith, are to be, when hereaftennade, valid
and effectual.
Mr. JOHNSON. The clause in the decla-
ration of rights of Maryland, which it is pro-
posed to repeal so far as the District of Colum-
bia is concerned, limits the amount of real
estate that any religious congregation may hold.
If it is repealed absolutely, there will be no
limit here within the District, and they may
hold any amount of leal property. I ask the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Iyirkwood] if it came
from his committee.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I know nothing about it.
I want to hear what you have to say about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. If this bill passes there
will be no limit in the District, and they can
receive any amount of real or personal estate.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the limit in
your declaration of rights?
Mr. JOHNSON. I forget the amount of
the limit. I ask that the bill lie upon the table
for a moment until I can see the extent of the
limitation in Maryland. I forget what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that this bill be laid on the table temporarily.
Is there any objection?
Mr. WILLEY. I have no objection, if the
Senator from Maryland insists upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. We can take it up in a
moment. I only want to see what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hill
will be laid on the table temporarily.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherso.y, its Clerk, announced
that the House^of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 513) to reduce internal tax-
ation and to amend an act entitled " An actio
provide internal revenue to supportthe Govern-
ment, pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 18G4, and
acts amendatory thereof, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
