1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
April 14,
sion of all those officers. But for the sake of
obviating the difficulty to which the gentleman
refers I have no objection to again modify my
amendment by saying "enlisted men of the
regular Army who shall have served at least
one year."
Mr. GARFIELD. During the late war.
Mr. HALE. I insist that it should not be
" during the late war.*" We should leave the
door open to meritorious service hereafter as
it has been heretofore. Gentlemen familiar
with the history of the Army know that there
have been as gallant and meritorious deeds per-
formed by our soldiers of the rank and file at
obscure points on our frontiers, in Indian wars,
as have been performed in this war against the
rebellion. Now, I am unwilling to shut the door
against men who may wish to enlist in the
Army and earn their commissions as heretofore.
I will modify my amendment by inserting the
words 11 after six months."'
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Hale as modified.
Mr. WRIGIIT. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DEMING. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Demixg] will withdraw
that motion for a few moments.
Mr. DEMING. I will withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the Honse agreed to
insert after the words "shall be eligible" the
words " without having served as volunteers."
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hale,] to which the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Wright] has indi-
cated his purpose to move an amendment.
Mr. CONKLfNG. Will it not be in order
for the gentleman.from Ohio [Mr. Sghexck]
to submit his motion to reconsider on next
Monday, the next legislative day ?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I would
suggest to the gentleman that he can accom-
plish his purpose by entering the motion to
reconsider to be acted on hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do that.
The motion to reconsider was accordingly
entered upon the Journal.
By unanimous consent the House postponed
informally the further consideration of the
Army bill, and proceeded to the considera-
tion of business upon the Speaker's table.
mrs. ann iietii.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 201) for the relief of Mrs.
Ann Hetli, widow of William Heth, of Harrison
county, Indiana; which was taken up, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
miis. martha stevens.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 237) granting a pension to
Mrs. Martha Stevens; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
mrs. ajiarilla cooic.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Mrs. AmarillaCook; which was taken up, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
mrs. agnes w. laughlin.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 241) directing the enrollment
of Agnes W. Laughlin, the widow of a deceased
soldier, as a pensioner; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. :
aius. sarah e. wilson.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 252) granting a pension to
Mrg. Sarah E. Wilson; which was taken up, read
afirstand second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
mrs. emeranck gouler.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 260) granting a pension to
Mrs. Emerance Gouler; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
american fisheries.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Home of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 10th instant, requesting
information in regard to the rights and interests
of American citizens in the fishing grounds
adjacent to the British Provinces, I transmit a
report from the Secretary of State, to whom the
resolution was referred.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, April 13, 1886.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. BOYER asked, and obtained, leave of
absence for ten days for his colleague, Mr.
Dexison.
And then, on motion of Mr. DEMING, (at
'four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of William M.
McFarland, and 50 others, citizens of Waukon. Iowa,
asking for just and equal laws relating to insurance.
Also, tho petition of assistant assessors of third
district of Iowa, asking additional compensation.
By Mr. BARKER: The petition of citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, asking that addi-
tional duties be levied on toieign wool.
Also, the petition of members of the bar of Cam-
bria county, Pennsylvania, asking that the salaries
of thedistrict judges of the United States courts may
be so as to yield an adequate suppoit.
Also, the petition of citizens ot Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, asking that additional duties be levied
on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of farmers, mechanics, and work-
ing men, of Mifflin cou'nty, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to enact such a tariff as will protect the
national industry, replenish the Treasury, and de-
velop our national resources.
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of citizens of
Iroquois and Macon counties, Illinois, praying for
the establishment of a national Bureau of Insurance.
By Mr._DAV,rS0N: The petition of 36 citizens of
Indiana county, Pennsylvania, asking an increase
of duty on foreign wool.
By Mr. DENISON: The petition of Boar &Slequi-
ger, Keichard & Walter, Bowkley &Lesley, and oth-
ers, of Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania, asking that barley
be admitted from the British Provinces and Canada
on a taviif not exceeding five cents per bushel.
By Mr. EGGrLESTON: The petition of Captain
Paulson, praying for compensation for service ren-
dered by his military company during the time of
Kirby Smith's raid on Cincinnati.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Sylvester Holmes,
Thomas Aspinwall, Charles Hudson. Benjamin Ste-
phenson, and Levi T. Prescott, officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812, praying for pensions to the soldiers
of that war.
By Mr. FERRY: The memorial of Henry M. Clarke,
and 40 others, citizens of Lowell, Michigan, praying
for the passage of a law regulating inter-State insur-
ances.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of citizens of
Stark county, Illinois, for an increased duty on for-
eign wool.
Also, the petition of citizens of Stark county, Illi-
nois, for a tax on dogs.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A petition,
numerously signed by citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, for an increase of duties on foreign
wool.
By Mr. LONGrYEAR: The petition of Peter Mul-
vany, A. C. Robinson, and 150 others,citizens of Cal-
houn county, Michigan, askingior an increased duty
on wool.
By Mr. NIBLACK: Tho petition of J". P. Elliott,
and others, merchants of Evansville, Indiana, pray-
ing that steamboats may be allowed to carry powder
under certain restrictions.
By Mr. ROSS: The petition of N. P. Tinsley, and
38 others, of McDonough county, Illinois, in favor of
a national Insurance Bureau.
By Mr. SPALDING-: The petition of M. D. Call,
and-150 others, citizens of northern Ohio, mostly wool-
grower#, asking for increased protection to wool.
By Mr. STBvENS: The petition of female clerks,
asking for increase of pay.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of S. H. Jenning3,
Cass Chapman, and 131 others, citizens of Niles, Ber-
rien county, Michigan, praying Congress to pa^slaws
regulating inter-State insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Chester A.
Coolcy, and 52 others, wool-growers of Brownhelm
township; and Robbins Burall, and 32 others, wool-
growers of Sheffield township, Lorain county, Ohio,
asking protection on wool.
Also, the petition of Alonzo Gaston,and 289 others,
wool-growers ofLorain county, Ohio, asking protec-
tion on wool.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The pe-
tition of Henry Wilder, and others, trustees of Lan-
caster Savings Bank, in the ninth Massachusetts
district, for a repeal of the tax on deposits in said
institutions.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 14, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
Rev. C. B. Boynton, Chaplain of the House,
offered the following prayer:
O God! we come before Thee to-day, im-
pressed with a vivid consciousness that we are
frail, corrupt, and passing away. Often re-
minded of the uncertainty of our lives, to-day
we have brought before us anew liim whom we
may justly call the nation's dead, and with
whom the dead of the Senate and the dead of
this House are thus made to address us again
from their graves. 0 Lord, help us to heed this
solemn admonition. The business of life has so
frequently of late been interrupted by the sol-
emn memorials and admonitions of death that
we should be very unwise if we failed to lay
them to heart. And now wc pray Thee, O God,
that we may profit by these solemn lessons
which are brought anew to us here this morn-
ing. May we remember how quickly our own
lives may and will pass. We cannot tell how
many of us ere another year shall roll around
will also be called to our account. As those
who have been called away have been associ-
ated with us in all the concerns of this present
life, so we ere long must join them, and be
associated with them in all the untried scenes
of that eternal world. So may we, 0 God,
number our days here as to apply our hearts
unto wisdom, and be prepared to render up
our account, as *hey also have done.
We beseech Thee, O God, that while the
nation is reminded of the life as well as the
death of our departed Chief, the people may
learn to love better than ever the principles
which he professed and in defense of which lie
died. Great God, may all tho actions of the
different departments of the Government con-
verge upon the great object upon which Thy
providences also unite—the establishment here
of one free and Christian nation, where man
shall be recognized as man because he bears
the image of his Maker, and where God shall
be universally acknowledged. We ask and
offer all in Jesus' name, to whom be glory s
forever. Amen.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the reading
of the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
move that this House do now adjourn. And
before the vote upon that motion is taken I
desire to say a few words.
This day, Miv Speaker, will be sadly mem-
orable so long as this nation shall endure, which
God grant may be "till the last syllable of
recorded time," when the volume of human
history shall be sealed up and delivered to the
omnipotent Judge.
In all future time, on the recurrence of this
day, I doubt not that the citizens of this Re-
public will meet in solemn assembly to reflect
on the life and character of Abraham Lincoln,
and the awful tragic event of April 14, 1865
—an event unparalleled in the history of na-
tions, certainly unparalleled in our own. Itia
eminently proper that this House should this
day place upon its records a memorial of that
event.
The last five years have been marked by
wonderful developments of individual charac-
ter. Thousands of our people before unknown to
fame have taken their places in history, crowned
with immortal honors. In thousands of humble
