992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
before the vote is taken. I will now proceed
to discuss as briefly as I can the question now
demanding the examination of the House.
It is contended on the part of the sitting
member that there is no evidence properly be-
fore the House except that which is furnished
by the legal returns. The depositions which
have been submitted to this House were taken
before the mayor of the city of Terre Haute, out-
side of the city and county in which he resided,
and it is contended that he has no authority to
administer oaths anywhere except within the
limits of the eity over which he presided as
mayor. I insist that in this respect the law is
with the sitting member, and if such is the case
there is not a particle of evidence before the
committee or before the House that will sus-
• tain for a moment the report of the majority of
the committee.
Now, what is the law upon this subject? It
is admitted that, by the law of Indiana, the
mayor of Torre Haute had no authority to ad-
minister an oath outside of the city in which he
resided. The section of the statute of Indiana
upon this subject is embodied in the report of
the minority. But the chairman of the com-
mittee, admitting this, insists that, by virtue of
the law of Congress, the mayor of the city of
Terre Haute had authority to administer oaths
and to take depositions anywhere in that con-
gressional district. Sir, I deny that. 1 do not
propose to go into a discussion of the various
decisions of courts bearing upon a question ot
this kind, or even to dwell upon the important
case, United States i\i. Bailey, in I'cteisi
which, as 1 claim, settles the question in favor
of the view of the sitting member. But the
remarks which I will submit will be simply upon
the necessary construction of the section of the
Federal statute embodied in the report of the
majority.
N ow. sir, T admit that Congress has the power
to delegate this authority to the mayor of Terre
Haute to go anywhere in the State of Indiana
to swear ami examine witnesses and take depo-
sitions. There is 110 doubt about t he power of
Congress in this respect; but 1 deny that Con-
gress has ever exercised this power. The Fed-
eral statute imposes just as complete a limita-
tion upon 1 he power of the mayor of Torre Haute
as does ttic statute of Indiana. In providing
for taking deposit ions in contested elections, the
Federal statute declares that '* any judge of any
court of the United Slates, or any chancellor,
judge, or justice of a court of record of the Uni-
ted Stall's'' may take evidence in these cases.
The net aNo contemplates that there maybe
cases in eilies in which evidence may be taken
before the minor of a city. Mat it wax mani-
festly never the purpose of the Cramers of that
statute to authorize the mayor of a city to go
outside of and bevoml his jurisdiction fo exer-
cise authority not. delegated to him by the stat-
ute of the State;-placing him iu power.
Now, sir, 1 admit that under the Federal
statuteajudgeof any court ol'the United States,
or any chancel lor, judge, or justice of any court
of record of (he State may go into any county
of (he. State, if he resides ill the congressional
district, and take the deposition of any witness
therein in regard tolhc matter ill dispute. But,
sir, ibis \cry statute-—and I call the attention
of the chairman of the committee lo the remark
which I shall now make—fixes a limitation
upon the power of the mayor as to (he place in
which he may take the depositions of witnesses.
There is one portion of this slatuto to which I
think the houorablechairman has not given hist
attention. The statute, after declaring that any
contestant or returned member may call upon
"any judge of any court of the United States,
or any chancellor, judge, or justice of a court
of record of any Slate," adds these words:
"Or upon any mayor, recorder, oriiitendnnfof :>ny
town or >;ity in whioii said otlieei shall reside, tu tako
depositions,"
Now, what is the meaning and purpose of
the words, "in which saidoflicershall reside?"
They apply only to the mayor, recorder, or
intendant of a town or city, and do not apply
to any other officer. In construing statutes it
is our duty to construe them in such a manner
as to give force and effect to every word of the
statute; we have no right to disregard any
word, and say that it was used by the framers
of the statute without a purpose. Now, I main-
tain that this statute, embodied in the report of
the majority, does fix a limitation upon the place
wherein the mayor of the city may act; and I
call upon legal gentlemen on this floor to look
into this clause and construe it for themselves
before casting their votes upon the case. Ad-
mitting, what is not the fact, that the statute of
Indiana authorized the mayor to extend his
jurisdiction beyond his city, the Federal stat-
ute authorizing him to take depositions in cases
of contested elections confines his authority to
the city in which he resides.
This is all I have to say in regard to this legal
question. I submit it with all deference to the
superior judgment of the gentlemen who shall
be called upon to decide this ease.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
House to a further fact,, which will not be dis-
puted by the chairman or any member of the
committee. Mr. Voorhees had, as shown by
the official returns, a majority of 534 votes. It
is charged in the specifications of the contest-
ant that a large number of those votes were
cast for Mr. Voorhees by illegal voters, by
persons who had no authority to vote within
the town and precinct in which they voted.
Now, I assort here that there is not a particle
of evidence that of all the votes cast for Mr.
Voorhees in his entire district there was one
single vote cast by a person not entitled to vote
within the township and precinct in which his
vote was cast. If 1 misstate this matter, 1 call
upon the chairman or any member of the com-
mittee to correct mc.
Again, it, is charged that a large number of
ballots with the name of the sitting member
upon them were by some persons, with fraud-
ulent intent, put into the ballot-box, those bal-
lots not having been east by voters; and that
these ballots were counted and returned for
him. Now, I assort here, in the presence of
the J louse and before the country, 'that there
is not a shadow of testimony that any single
ballot which had not been properly cast was
put into the ballot-box and counted and re-
turned by a single judge or by any person in
any precinct in that congressional district.
There is not a shadow of evidence sustaining
the charges and specifications of the contestant
in this matter. 1 am ready to give way for the
puipose of being corrected in regard to any
statement which 1 may make.
Upon what ground, then, is this House to
turn out of his seat a member returned hereby
all the forms of law, with so large a majority,
and give the seat to a gentleman who there is
no pretense for saying received a majority of
the legal votes of the district. I do not think
that be himself will rise on this floor and say
that he thinks he received a majority of the
legal votes of the district. 11'he docs say so,
he is not governed by the evidence submitted
to the House. 1 do not believe that the chair-
man or any member of the committee will de-
clare before this House his belief that the result,
set forth in the majority report, giving the con-
testant a majority of over two hundred votes,
shows the true result of the election iu that
district. The evidence will not warrant any
such conclusion.
J know, Mr. Speaker, we are living in extraor-
dinary and revolutionary times; but we ought to
be careful how we yield in a matter of this great
importance to the mere clamor that may be
raised against the sitting member, who happens
for the time to be in the minority, turn him out.
and give his seat to a gentleman who cannot
with any plausible pretext assert that he was
returned here by a majority of the legal voters
of his district.
Upon what evidence, then, is Mr. Voorhees
to be turned out of his seat here at this time?
Colonel Washburn has introduced evidence in
regard to four townships in his district, Riley
township, in Vigo county, Hamilton and Jef-
ferson townships, in Sullivan county, and Clo-
verdale township, in Putnam county; and I
will detain the House for a short time for the
purpose of drawing its attention to the char-
acter of the evidence in regard to those four
townships. There is no evidence in regard to
any other. In Hamilton township, in Sullivan
coulity, Mr. Voorhees had 498 votes and Col-
onel Washburn had 143 votes, as shown by the
returns from that township. Now, what is to
be done in considering these 498 votes, legally
cast by legal voters in that township? We are
told that they are to be thrown out; that those
498 voters are to be disfranchised; that they
are to have no hearing upon this floor; that
they are not to be counted at all. Have they
committed any wrong? No. Were they illegal
voters? Is it charged? Yes, sir, it is charged;
but is there any shadow of proof to show that
one of them was an illegal voter? Not at all.
These 498 voters are to be disfranchised, turned
out of the House without a hearing.
Colonel Washburn presents proof that instead
of 143 votes for him in that district, there were
160; the majority of the committee say 170;
but I will refer in a moment to that disparity be-
tween the calculation of the honorable chairman
and myself. That gives him 17 more than was
returned by the return officers of the district.
And what is the character of the evidence by
which these 17 additional votes are shown? For
the purpose of arriving at this result we have
to count twenty men who state that they voted
for Washburn, but who cannot write their
names, and who must depend upon hearsay to
know for whom they voted. One or two on
being examined testified they could read, al-
though they could not write. The great body
of them must have arrived at the conclusion to
which they testified from others who gave them
their ballots and explained to them their char-
actor and bearing. There were 20 of these;
and set aside these 20 and you do not have as
many for Colonel Washburn as were returned
by the returning officers of the district.
Not only these 20 votes have to be taken,
thus sworn to as given by men who cannot write
their names, but we have to take two others
wdio were not produced or sworn but whose votes
have been testified to by others. This is in
effect hearsay evidence, for unless a man votes
with an open ballot you cannot tell how he votes,
except from the confidence reposed in him as
a man. Yon may hand a man a ballot three
feet from the polls, and if so disposed he can
deposit unobserved another ballot. Observa-
tion has taught me that such things are often
done by those who wish to make both sides
believe that they are, their friends. It is not
very creditable to mankind that men will dis-
grace their manhood in this way, but such is
the fact, and known to be the fact. On evi-
dence of this kind you are asked to overturn
this election and turn outthe man who has been
elected and returned by so large a majority.
The honorable chairman and myself disagree
in regard to the count. He says Colonel Wash-
burn polled 170 votes, and I say 160. I have the
record of the evidence in the ease; 1 have marked
and numbered every voter ; 1 have allowed and
disallowed; and f am willing for any gentleman
upon this floor to look at it. Where they will
show I am wrong on the evidence I will make
the correction. I will show the character of
this evidence and then leave it to the House to
determine. I read from page 13.
D. W. Stratton, after testifying that.he voted
for Washburn, is interrogated and answers in
regard to another voter as follows:
11 Question. Bo you know where Bobert Stratton
voted, and Uow?
"Aam-er. lie voted at the same poll, in Hamilton
township, and told mo that he voted the Union tiekofc
for Washburn for lteprosentative. (Objected to by
counsel for Voorhees.) He is now at Nashville; I
know that in hU politics he is a Bepubliean."
Now-, Ididnot think that this was evideneeat
all—tv hat a voter said to a witness as to how he
voted—and I did notallow it, andl do notsup-
pose there is a gentleman on this floor who would
hesitate a moment in determining that I acted
correctly in regard to that matter. It has not
a particle of the character of legal evidence.
