1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
993
Again, the next one that I disallowed was
Hamilton G. Boles. Pleasant Boles, (page 24,)
a ^witness, testified that he voted for Colonel
Washburn. He signs his name with a cross,
but I do not object to that. 1 count his vote.
He is asked farther, as follows:
" Question. State whether or not Hamilton G. Boles,
your son, voted at said election; and if so, at what
precinct, and for whom did he vote for Representa-
tive in Congress fortheseventh congressional district
of tho State of Indiana, and where is ho at this time?
"(Objected to by counsel for D. ~\Y. Voorhees.)
"Answer. He voted at said election in Hamilton
township,Sullivancounty, Indiana, for Colonel Wash-
burn for Ropresentativcm Congress—at least he said
so. lie was a Union Democrat, and proposed to sup-
port Washburn. JTe belongs to the forty-third Indi-
ana volunteers, and is at present at Indianapolis."
Now, I will not go farther witdi this; but this
is the character of the testimonjr of some eight
or ten voters in regard to whom an attempt was
made to prove that they voted for Colonel
Washburn. This testimony has none of the
character of evidence at all, and I did not count
their votes in the calculation I made. If you
take testimony of this kind, there is not a mem-
ber that can hold his seat here for three months.
Now, I have in this document, aslhave said,
numbered and marked every voter whose vote
I allowed, and everyone that I disallowed, and
any gentleman who wishes to verify the com-
putation can look at it for himself; and if he
can find a single one that ought to be allowed.
I will admit that I am very much mistaken in
regard to the principles of evidence.
That is one township. Now as to Clover-
dale township. There were cast for Mr. Voor-
hees 226 votes, and for Mr. Washburne 58.
The contestant, has endeavored to show that ho
received at that poll 89 votes. The testimony
is of the same character that I have alluded to.
The chairman says 91. There is a difference
of 2 in making up the count, but the difference
is the result of the mode of making the esti-
mate and is of tho same character that I have
referred to. I will not go over it. The voters
are all numbered, and any gentleman ean exam-
ine the computation for himself. There is an
excess of 31 votes more than were returned for
the contestant, assuming that he received 89
votes. Butto arrive at this result we must count
the vote of ten persons who swear that they
voted for Colonel Washburn, but who cannot
write their names.
I have already commented on the character
of this testimony. However honest these men
may be, they may he easily deceived in regard
to the character of the ballot which they de-
livered to the judges to be deposited in the bal-
lot-box. And they are often deceived; they
are very often imposed upon by others. That,
of course, is a wrong and an outrage, but 1
only refer to it for tho purpose of showing that
when their testimony is analyzed it amounts to
nothing but hearsay testimony at best.
We have also, to arrive at this result, to
count the votes of twel\ e others who are not
themselves produced, or sworn, as to how they
voted: but their votes are attempted to be proved
by others standing around the poll. We all
know how easy it is for men to he mistaken'as
to how others vote, unless the voting is by open
ballot. It is not easy while standing even
directly by the side of a voter to know the char-
acter of the ballot he deposits.
In Jefferson township Mr. Yoorhees had 231
votes and Mr. Washburn 24. Colonel Wash-
burn endeavors to show by the same class of
testimony to which I have,, referred that he
ought to have had 32. The chairman says 30.
I have examined the testimony in the same way
as in Hamilton township. 1 have the votes all
marked in the record, and I am willing that any
gentleman shall examine it for himself. 1 insist
that 1 have counted, to get these 32 votes, every
one of which there is a shadow of evidence of
legality. This gives him an excess of 8 votes
more than were returned. To arrive atthisresult
we have to take the votes of 8men who swear
that they voted for Mr. Washburn who cannot
write, and of 3 others who are not produced or
Sworn, but whose votes are proved by others.
Now, can any member of this House be satis-
;);)T!i Co\>i. 1st Si vs.—No. l>;5.
fled with this evidence? Perhaps it may be
thought that there is some evidence showing
that a few votes might have been cast for Col-
onel Washburn that were not counted and prop-
erly returned, as often happens, without any
fraud or improper intention existing on the part
of the return officers. But I say you cannot
feel certain that Colonel Washburn at that poll
received a single vote that was not counted and
returned for him by the return judges.
In Riley township "Voorhees had 173 votes,
and Washburn 88 votes, as returned by the
return judges. By the character of evidence
already referred to it is shown that Washburn
received 107 votes, being 19 more than were
returned for him. But to get this result we
have to take the votes of 18 men who cannot
write their names, and of 12 others wdio are
not examined, but whose votes are proved by
other witnesses. I insist that the evidence of
men of this character, men who cannot write
their names, although they may be as sensible
as educated men in regard to these matters, is
not entitled to any weight at all in overturning
the decision of the return officers. And I say
that the testimony of no man in regard to the
vote of another is worthy of credit, however
honest he may be, unless he followed the voter
to the polls and saw him put in his ballot; other-
wise his evidence is not entitled to weight, and
would not be so considered in any court of jus-
tice on earth. I am asked if these persons who
could not write could read. Some three or
perhaps a half a dozen out of those who were
sworn in all tho townships testify they could
read although they could not write. Taking
these four townships, then, with evidence such
as I have commented upon, the contestant re-
ceived 75 votes more than were counted for him
by the return judges. But to arrive at that
result, to make up this excess, we have to count
82 votes of persons who either cannot write
their names or whose votes are proved by other?.
Can any man, from this character of testi-
mony, feel certain that there was in fact a single
vote east for Washburn more than were re-
turned for him ? And even if there were cer-
tainly some that should vitiate and destroy the
entire election at those precincts ? Indeed, mis-
takes are liable to occur at any poll, however
honest or intelligent the board of judges may
bo, and these have never been held to taint the
poll with fraud and disfranchise the voters of
the precinct.
Now, I have said all I desire to say in regard
to this class of testimony, and I leave it to the
consideration and decision of the House. But
there is another class of testimony. The con-
testant contends that there was fraud practiced
by the officers of election in each one of these
townships sufficient to destroy the election aud
make it null and void, and consequently to
throw out the entire vote of the precincts. I
will examine very briefly the evidence in regard
to these charges; and first, as to Hamilton
township. The only evidence in regard to fraud
is this, that at supper time the board of elec-
tion adjourned as they were authorized to do
by the statute of Indiana for one hour: the
ballot-box was locked and left in the room
where the votes were received: whether that
room was looked or not, I do not know. If it
was not, if the ballot-box was exposed, the
burden of proof is with the contestant. How-
ever, before they went to supper, they strung
tickets about fifteen in number—one witness
says about seventeen. These tickets that had
been counted and strung were laid in the box.
on the top of the uncounted ballots, and the
poll-books were put on top of them, and the
ballot-box was then closed up. \\ hen they
returned from supper, the officers found so-ne
difficulty in finding this bunch of tickets which
had been counted' and strung. They looked
around awhile, and finally found them at the
bottom of the ballot-box," or under a portion
of the uncounted tickets, and not iu the precise
condition in which Uie officers supposed they
had left them.
I am stating this evidence correctly I know,
and fhe condition in which 1 hi", lutnrh of
tickets was found' is the only evidence- relied
ujjon to show that there was fraud on the part'
of the officers of elections in this township;
and upon that evidence this House is asked to
throw out these 498 votes cast for Mr. Voor1
hees, and not count one of them except some
four votes which happened to be proven by this
evidence of the witnesses called by the contest*
ant himself;
Is there a ease in the whole history of eon-
tested elections where a poll was thrown ou4
and the election declared void upon such flimsy
and trifling evidence as this ? And when the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions [Mr. Dawes] the other day was dwelling
upon this evidence with such seriousness and
earnestness and exciting the mirth of many of
his friends, it reminded ine very much of the
able and solemn manner in which tho eminent
counsel, Sergeant Buzfuz. handled the evidence
in the celebrated ease of Bardwell vs. Pickwick,
reported by that veracious historian, Charles
Dickens.
It was argued there with great force and suc-
cessfully that a note written, by the unlucky
defendant to his landlady, the prosecutrix, or-
dering mutton chops for dinner, was a declara-
tion of love, and consequently that he should
be held guilty of a breach of marriage promise.
And he was convicted on that testimony. And
that evidence was about of a character with the
evidence brought forward in this case, and I
am inclined to think will provs equally suc-
cessful.
A little bunch of fifteen tickets was not found
in the ballot-box in the precise place where the
officers supposed they had left it when thej' went
to supper. Now, it was the easiest thing in the
world, when the string of tickets was placed in
the box, to have pushed it down below some of
the uncounted tickets, and that thing not have
been noticed, or not have boon recollected when
they returned from supper. Or, if that was not
done, some person might have had the ballot-
box in his hands, during the absence of these
officers of election at supper, and without open-
ing it all, to have shaken it so as to have got thia
bunch of strung tickets in a position different
from that in which it was supposed to have been
left. The fact might excite a little suspicion of
tampering with the ballot-box, but is far from
furnishing any evidence sufficient to be relied
upon by any man who is anxious only to reach
the truth in this case.
But were any of those officers guilty of fraud?
The contestant has examined each and every
one of them. It is held by the chairman of tho
committee [Mr. Dawks] that the judges of elec-
tion themselves admit that there was fraud in
this precinct, and that the ballot-box was tam-
pered with. The honorable gentleman is mis-
taken in regard to that: thej- said no such thing.
They did say, in a card which they published,
"snd'whieh is given in evidence, that they think
tho charges that there had been tampering with
the ballot-box were not without foundation;
and they give their reasons why they think there
might be some possibility of truth in the charge;
and to show that, they state that the bunch of
strung tickets referred to was not found in the
exact position in which they thought they had
loft it when they went to supper.
It is suggested by a friend near me that it is
verv possible that some of these gentlemen
mithfhave been a little boozy at the time, and
ir.uv have pushed this string of tickets down
further than they may have thought at the time
or have remembered afterward. Sir, this is
the weakest and flimsiest evidence ever relied
upon in any legislative bodvfor the purpose of
establishing fraud, and thereby disfranchising
a whole township of some six Or seven hundred
^'}ir. ROGERS. I would ask how the vote
stands upon the return t
Mr. MARSHALL. It stood 498 for Mr.
Voorhees, and 143 for Sir. ashburn. And
it is proposed to throw out the votes returned
for Mr. voorhees, and count those returned
for Mr. Washburn. Anil I snppos? that liy
proceeding in this way it would not be diui-
