1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1953
home' are dwoinrig heroes and patriots whose
names shall never die.
ljiit greatest among all these great develop-
ments were the character and fame of Abraham
Lincoln, whose loss the nation still deplores.
His character is aptly described in the words
of England's great laureate—written thirty
years ago—in v. kick ke traces the upward steps
of some—
" Divinely gifted man,
"Whoso lift' iu tow estate be.*?un,
And on a simple village greet]
" Who breaks Ills birth's invidious bar,
And ca\isps the skirts ot'honpy chance,
And bi easts the blows of cireura-sUiico,
And grapples witli his evil star;
"Who makes by force his merit known,
And lives to clutch t#e polrlen keys
To mold a imghtv State's decrees,
And shape the whisper of the throne;
*' And moving up from liis:Ii to higher,
Becomes on Fortune's crowning slope,
The pillar of a people's hope,
The center of a world's desire."
Such a life and character will be treasured
forever as the sacred possession of the Amer-
ican people and of mankind. In the great
drama of the rebellion there were two acts.
The iirst was the war with its battles and sieges,
victories and defeats, its sufferings and tears.
That act was closing one year ago to-night,
and just as tke curtain was lilting on the second
and final act, the restoration of peace and lib-
erty; just as the curtain was rising upon new
characters and new events, the evil spirit of
the rebellion, in the fury of despair, nerved
and directed the hand of the assassin to strike
down the chief character in both.
It was no one man who killed Abraham
Lincoln ; it was the embodied spirit of treason
and slavery, inspired with fearful and despair-
ing hate, that struck him down in the moment
of the nation's supremcst joy.
Ah! sir, there are times in the history of men
and nations when they stand so near the veil
that separates mortals from the immortals, time
from eternity, and men from their God, that
they can almost hear the heatings and feel the
pulsations of the heart of the Infinite. Through
such a time has this nation passed. When
two hundred and fifty thousand brave spirits
passed from the field of honor through that thin
veil to the presence of God, and when at last
its parting folds admitted the martyr President
to the company of the dead heroes of the lie-
public, the nation stood so near the veil that the
whispers of God were heard by tke children of
men.
Awe-stricken by His voice, tke American peo-
ple knelt in tearful reverence and made a sol-
emn covenant with Him and with each other
that this nation should be saved from its ene-
mies, that all its glories should be restored,
and ou the ruins of slavery and treason the
temples of freedom and justice should be built
and should survive forever, it remains for us,
consecrated by that great event-, and under a
covenant with God, to keep that faith, to go
forward in the great work until it shall be com-
pleted.
Following the lead of that great man and
obeying the high behests of God, let us remem-
ber that—
"lie has soundedforthatrumpetthatshallnevercall
retreat;
He is sifting out the hearts of men before His judg-
ment seat.
Bo switt my soul to answerhim.be jubilant my feet;
For God is marching on."
I move, sir, that this House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at fifteen minutes after twelve o'clock) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &o„ were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
I5y Mr. BEAM AN: The petition of John S. Strong.
and3J others, of Lenawee county, Michigan; also, the
petition of James C.Watson, and 31 others, of Ann
Arbor, Michigan: also, the petition of Professor E.
Durand, and 32 others, of Chelsea, Washten aw county,
Uichigan: also, the petition of John 11. Burleson,
irJ. VI others, of Ann Arbor, Michigan; also, the pe-
tition of B. C. Benson, and 35 others, of JonesviUe,
Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 123.
Michigan; n!?o, the petition of William Burt, and 45 |
o hers, of Detroit, Michigan; also, the petition of ;
Hirara Walker, and 32 «~.Hicrs. of Detroit; aNo, the I
petition of L. Black k. Co., mid G1 ofhets, ol Detroit; i
also, the petition of A. Shelley, and 112 others, of 1><>- j
troit: alto, the petition of R. Vemor. and 21 otheis, '
of Detioit; aho. th^ petition of John L. Whiting, and
83 others, of Detroit, Michigan; all prayin? Conyrie.^
to enact such jubt and equal lavps for tho regulation
of inter-Stato insurances of all kinds as may be ef-
fectual m establishing tho grca'e&t security l'or the
interest? protected by policies and pnmiotiveof the
grcnte>t good and convenience to all concerned in
siHi transactions.
Also, the petition of Ethel Judd, and 51 others,
inhabitants of Hillsdale county, Michigan, praying
for imreace of dufv on all unwashed t'oreien wool.
By Mr. "DELANO: The petition of I). G. Weyth,
and 100 rtheus,citizens and wool-growers, of Licking
county, Ohio, praying an increased duty on foieign
wools for the benefit of wool-growers of this country.
IX SENATE.
Monday, April 16, 18GG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Friday last.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is hardly neces-
sary to read this record of pension bills ; it is
very long indeed; and I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The PilES1DEXT ro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to dispense with the read-
ing of the Journal. If there be no objection,
it will be considered the sense of the Senate
that the further reading be dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present the* memorial
of the Oregon City Manufacturing Company, in
which it is represented that that company is
now engaged in the manufacture of woolen
cloths, and is also engaged in the manufacture
of ready-made clothing in its own mills out of
the cloths of its own production, and it further
represents that, by a decision of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, the company is
made liable to pay a tax, first, on the value of
the cloth manufactured, and then upon the
entire value of the ready-made clothing j and
the memorial prays that the revenue law may
be so modified that after the payment of the
tax upon the value of the cloth, the company
may be relieved from the payment of any tax
except upon the increased value made by con-
verting tlie cloth into clothing, as is the ease in
reference to fabrics madp out of cotton cloths,
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented the memorial of
Henry Miller and others, citizens of Detroit,
Michigan, engaged in the manufacture of malt
liquors, praying for a reduction of duties on
foreign barley imported into the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memorial
of Lieutenant Commander R. L. Law, pray-
ing to be restored to active duty in the Navy;
which was referred to tlie Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented a communication ad-
dressed to him, from James F. Miller, of
Peru, Indiana, representing that frauds have
been perpetrated upon the Miami Indians of
Indiana, growing out of a misapplication of
the funds granted them by the treaty of June
5, 1854, and praying for an investigation of the
matter; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, and also a memorial of members of
the bar of Venango county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the salaries of the judges of the
United States district courts may be increased;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Alexander
Young, John Gibson, and others, distillers
and dealers in domestic spirits in the city of
Philadelphia, in which they represent that the
exaction of personal security for the payment
of duties on spirits deposited in general bonded
warehouses is in effect a heavy tax on trade
without any advantage to the revenue, and
praying for a modification of the law so that
they may be relieved from its payment; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Finance.
He also presented a petition of wool-growers,
residing in Crawford county, Pennyyh nnia,
praying for an increase of the duty on tlio im-
portations of foreign wool into the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN. I present concurrent res-
olutions of the Legislature of New York, ask-
ing for tho passage of an net of Congress
appropriating ilie sum of 8y77,rr_?S to pay the
claims of the seventeen thousand Iwo hundred
and twenty-eight persons which have been
audited and found due for clothing and other
contingent expenses of the militia of the .State
of New York who served in the war of 1812,
which clothing and other expenses were neces-
sary and unavoidable in consequence of the
inadequate compensation of eight dollars a
month, without bounty or un allowance for
clothing, provided by the act of Congress au-
thorizing the President to cafl out tlie militia,
by draft or otherwise, for a period not exceed-
ing six nionllis. They have also instructed
their Senatois and requested their Representa-
tives to vote for the passage of such an act.
I move that the resolutions be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a communica-
tion addressed to him, from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting estimates of appro-
priations required for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with certain bands of Dakota or Sioux
Indians, under treaties ratified by the Senate
since tho 1st of.December last; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (II. 11. No. 107)
for the relief of Rev. Harrison Heerniance, late
chaplain of tho one hundred and twenty-eighth
regiment New Yprk volunteers, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 57)
appointing a board of managers for the"*Na-
tional Military Asylum, reported it adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 108)
appointing managers for the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 88)
expressive of the thanks of Congress to Major
General Winfield S. Hancock, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 26*2) to provide for
the national defense by establishing a uniform
militia and organizing an active volunteer
militia force throughout the United States,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SPRAGCE, from the Committee 011
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (II. R. No. 472) for the relief
of George R. Frank, late captain thirty-third
regiment Wisconsin volunteer infantry, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads^ to whom was
referred the petition of Duncaw G. MacRae,
praying for compensation for services rendered
in carrying the mail in North Carolina, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
AMERICAN REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 89) to issue Amer-
ican registers to tho steam vessels Michigan and Dis-
patch and W. K. JUuir, be referred to tue Committee
on Commerce.
