994
THE CONGEBSSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 23,
cult to get any man elected to a seat in this
House. ■
Now, sir, this is the whole evidence in regard
to fraud in the Hamilton township. I am not
misstating the evidence; or if I am doing so in
any way, I am ready for any gentlemau on the
Committee of Elections to correct me. And
yet upon this evidence you are asked to throw
out this entire township and disfranchise all
these voters.
The next township is Oloverdale. The report
of the majority of the committee does not pro-
fose to throw out the return from that township;
ut it is argued by some, and the whole ques-
tion is before the House, that it ought to bo
thrown out. There is just as much evidence to
■warrant the throwing out of Oloverdale and all
the others as Hamilton; and I think you might
as well throw out the vole of every precinct in
that district, if we are to receive such evidence
as this to disfranchise the voters of the country.
As to Cioverdale township it is testified that
Arabiam Davis, the sworn inspector, staid all
night at the house of one Solomon Alcers,
aboutthree quarters of a mile from the place
of voting, taking the ballot-box with him. The
board had adjourned the count until the next
morning, as they were authorized to do by the
laws of the State. Mr. Davis was the proper
custodiau of the ballot-box. It is further testi-
fied that that night one James A. Scott came
to the house of Mr. Alters and staid there all
night. It is testified by one A. B. Baird that
tins man Seott was at (ireencastle some time
after, and these stated that he and another
member had "arranged" the ballot-box.
This is the evidence In regard to Cioverdale
precinct. These mere hearsay statements of
Mr. Scott, repeated by Mr. Baird, who says
that Mr. Scott is " a Democrat or butternut,"
is to be taken bore as evidence for the purpose
of disfranchising the people of that entire town-
ship. The committee, I admit, do not propose
to _ throw out the vote of that precint, but the
evidence is ot tin- same character as with refer-
ence to the jirecints which they do throw out.
I ot course charge no unfairness upon the
committee, but 1 am afraid that it is too much
the nature of all of us to arrive easily at re-
sults which we happen to desire. I will not
say that it it had been necessary the vote of
Cioverdale would also have been thrown out,
but I do say that I think the ovideneo is just as
strong in that ease as it is with reference to the
township of Hamilton, and in fact that there is
no sntheient evidence of fraud in either case.
It is also asserted that in Jefferson township
there was fraud in the election. What is the
evidence with reference to this township? U
is proved by one witness that the board of elec-
tion, by general reputation, were Democrats,
mid that is ail the evidence of fraud in regard
to Jeflcrson township. It, may be that that is
sufheient evidence to warrant this House in-
throwing out the vole of a township and dis-
franchising that township. It we. have come
to that, let. us take a general sweeping vote here
and vote out everybody that docs not happen to
Agree in his views with the majority upon this
lloor. But, sir, there is no law for disregard-
ing a return from this precinct on this account,
and I will do the committee the justice to say
that they do not pretend to sav that, there is
any evidence upon which the vote of Jefferson
township should be excluded.
The next township is Kiley ; and the commit-
tee report that (he vote of that township should
be excluded. In that township Dr. ilickson
was Ule inspector of elections. It appears that
at dinner time he invited the other members of
the board to his house to take dinner with him.
As required by the law of the State, he took
charge of the ballot-box, taking it to his house
during the adjournment. He placed it in a
private room—his bedroom. During the time
these gentlemen were at his house he absented
xiirnselt from their presence for some ten or
fifteen minutes, and during that time was in his
bedroom -whether to change his clothing, to
read or write a letter, or do anything else, we
■30 not know, for there is not a particle of evi-
dence on the point. Now, sir, I affirm that he
was the legal custodian of that ballot-box; it
was his duty to take the ballot-box with him
as he did. What ground of suspicion arises
from the fact that he was for fifteen minutes in
the room where the box was? He was the sworn
officer of the law, the legal custodian of the
ballot-box, and if these other officers had not
gone home with him to, dinner he would have
had the box in his sole possession during the
entire hour, as the law required. Now, if Dr.
Ilickson had not invited these men home to
dinner he would have had it there himself, and
would this have even been a ground for suspi-
cion of fraud? Then what force is there in this
charge of fraud? None at all. If he had in-
tended fraud would he have invited these men
home with him? Is there, in fact, the slightest
impropriety even proved against him?
This is the whole testimony, except that of
Mary Low, who was living at the house of Dr.
Ilickson. She signs her name with a cross;
she cannot read or write. Mary Low testifies
that next morning she found behind the door
in Dr. Hiekson's room some Republican tickets
under the carpet, some tacks liavingbeen loos-
ened. How many tickets there were the im-
maculate Mary does not tell us. Could she
read V She does not inform us. Were they Re-
publican tickets for that election or some for-
mer election? She does not tell us in that
examination. Were they for that or some other
precinct or congressional district, or some
other State? We are not informed.
Were there two tickets there? Wo do not
know. Were they for that election? Were they
for Colonel Washburn or for some other per-
son ? There is no information in regard to that.
So much for that. I say when we are asked to
sot aside and reverse a return of legal officers
the burden of proof is upon the contestant, and
he is bound to prove these facts before we can
rightfully adopt his conclusions.
This is all the evidence, every particle in this
whole record, tending to show fraud against any
single member of the board of elections in any
and every one of these townships. If I have
misstated any part of the testimony, I ask some
member of the committee or of the House to
correct me at this time. There is no evidence
to exclude a single vote, much less to throw out
these 534 votes and give this seat to a man who
has never boon chosen by the people to a seat in
this blouse. ^ No man upon this floor can say
from the evidence ho obtained a majority of
votes.
There was a little more evidence in regard to
lliley t ownship which I was about to overlook.
One witness says in counting there were 4 or
5 votes less than were upon'the tally-list; that
the judges looked and found them upon the
table and counted them. He says they were
not taken out of the ballot-box at that time.
\V hen you look at tins evidence, I insist he evi-
dently does not intend to say that they did not
come out of the ballot-box at any time. He
said they might have come from the string of
votes. He only says in substance that they
were not taken from the ballot-box at that time.
1 he return of the officers is to be taken ill good
faith until the contrary is proved by satisfac-
tory evidence. It is a principle of law which
cannot be safely departed from at any time,
lor whom were these 4 or 5 votes cast? Were
they for Mr. \oorhoes? The witness does not
pretend anything of the kind. Were they for
Colonel Washburn ? I do not know. There is
no evidence of fraud on the part of these men.
1 lie judges acted on the presumption that the
votes had come from the ballot-box. Even if
they were mistaken, why should we disfran-
chise the people of a congressional district,
and give the seat to a man who was defeated
by the popular vote ?
Mr. Speaker, I have already occupied more
time than I intended.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. MARSHALL. I was nearly through,
any way, and having discharged feebly what I
have felt to bo my duty, I will leave the case
with the House. I move as a substitute for the
pending resolutions the resolution reported by
the minority of the committee.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. Daniel "W. Voorliees wag
duly elected a Representative in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and is entitled to hold and retain his seat
in this House.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask of the House
the privilege for the contestant that he may
address the House on the merits.
No objection was made.
Mr. ROGERS. I suppose, of course the
sitting member will be allowed to do the same.
The SPEAKER. Certainly. The Chair
would recognize him before any other mem-
ber if he claimed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (contestant,)
rose to address the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. Might I be allowed to
ask of Colonel Washburn whether the speech
that he is now going to make is to be the last
one on that side of the argument. Of course
I except the close by the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (contestant,)
The case will be controlled by the chairman of
the committee and the House. I do not know
who will speak.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, go on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
of any member desiring to speak.
Mr. VOORHEES. I supposed there was
some arrangement*
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (contestant.)
Mr. Speaker, suffering, as you will soon per-
ceive, from the effects of four winter campaigns
in the field, I would gladly have submitted my
case upon the evidence and the able report of
the committee, were it not that my silence
might' be interpreted as a want of faith on my
part in the strength and justice of my cause.
Knowing well, from long acquaintance, the tal-
ent and ability of the sitting member, even
when thrown in favor of a bad cause, I well
might warn any body less talented and saga-
cious than this House to beware of his soph-
istry. His great talent only makes him the more
dangerous when employed in such a way.
On one point we are agreed, and that is, that
whether my vote bo large or small T received
the whole loyal vote of the seventh congres-
sional district, and to prove this conclusively-,
allow me to quote from his answer to my no-
tice of contest, where, with a boldness charac*
teristic of the man, he says : '
• "Ln- "'""elusion, X charge that you received 137 votes
in this congresMonal district more than Mr. Lincoln
dirt, showing that instead of being defrauded out of
yourvotesyonrcceived more than your party strength,
taking Air. Lincoln as the standard, whom you wilt
doubtless admit received the entire support of all
loyal men."—i-W G. Mis. Doc. No. 11.
I need not stop to discuss the legal point so
ably presented by the report, as no question is
raised by the minority except upon applying
the law to the facts. Fraud, when proven, ran at
vitiate the return, for that procured by fraud is
no return, and whenever in any return a suffi-
cient fraud has been shown as to make that re-
turn uncertain, then the return or the election
should be set aside. No honest voter should be
disfranchised by any act not his own, nor should
the return of any officer be valid when it does
not show the true condition as to how the hon~,
est voters did vote, and I care not whether
the act making the return uncertain results
from the negligence, willfulness, or fraud'of the
judges of election, or whether the same has
been produced by the interference or fraud of
mird parties and entirely unknown to the judges4
Ihe question to be decided is, does the return
express the will of the voters casting their votes
at that precinct as shown by the ballots depos-
ited by them ? The legal presumption is always
1 i r V03-' ^ie re^urn> kut when you have es-
tablished the fact that it does not express thd
will of the voters, as shown by the ballots, it
must be set aside, and you must go behind the
return and give effect to that. It will not
disfranchising any one, but giving to eaekthe
true expression of his will. Fraud in elections
has shown itself in various ways: the Oxford
