2914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
The next amendment was in line thirty-two
of the same section to strike out " further" in
the clause "and provided further."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
verbal amendment, and will be made without
a vote unless there be objection.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line ten, after the word "assigns" to strike
out "and to its branches so that the clause
will read:
And the right of way through said Indian Territory
is hereby granted to said Kansas and Neosho Valley
Railroad Company, its successors and assigns, to the
extent of one hundred feet on each side of said road
or roads, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,
line six, after "public" to strike out "domain"
and insert "lands of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten,
line seven, after the word "approval" to in-
sert "of the President."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line three, after the word "State" to strike out
"may connect with the Kansas and Neosho
Valley railroad at any point on the line of said
• road," and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing:
Which inay have been heretofore or shall hereafter
be recognized and subsidized by any act of the Con-
gress of the United States, may connect, unite, and
consolidate with this railroad company, after the
same shall be located to the valley of the Neosho
river, upon just, fair, and equitable terms, to be
agreed upon between the parties, and shall not be
against the public interest or the interest of the
United States; nor shall any road authorized to con-
nect as aforesaid charge the road so connecting a
greater tariff per mile for freight or passengers than
is charged for the same per mile by its own road:
And provided further y That should the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Fort Gibson Railroad Company, or the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, southern branch,
construct and complete its road to that point on the
southern boundary of the State of Kansas where the
lineof said Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad shall
cross the same, before the said Kansas and Neosho
Valley Railroad Company shall have constructed and
completed its said road to said point, then and in that
event the company so firstreaching in completion the
said point on the &outhern boundary of the State of
Kansas shall be authorized, upon obtaining the writ-
ten approval of the President of the United States, to
construct and operate its line of railroad from said
point to a point at or near Preston, in the State of
Texas, wi th grants of land according to the provisions
of this bill, but upon the further special condition,
nevertheless, that said railroad company shall have
commenced in good faith the construction thereof
before the said Kansas and Neosho Valley Railroad
Company shall have completed its said railroad to
said point: And provided further, That said other
railroad company, so having commenced said work
in good faith, shall continue to prosecute the same
with sufficient energy to insure the completion of
the same within a reasonable time, subject to the
approval ofthe President of the United States: And
provided further. That the right of way, when not
otherwise grantcd^in this bill, shall be obtained by
said Kansas and Neosho Valley Railroad Company,
or either of the other companies named in this act,
in accordance with the provisions of scction three of
an act to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to
the Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July 1,1862.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presume that amend-
ment will, to some extent, involve the general
merits ofthe bill, on which I desire to address
the Senate very briefly. But if it is the inten-
tion of the Senator from Michigan to call up
his resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution this morning, of course I will
waive the examination of this bill at present.
Mr. HOV/AIID. Certainly I intended to
call it up this morning at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro inn pore. The morn-
ing hour has expired; and the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, upon
which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
litti.e] is entitled to the floor.
message from tiie house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPheeson-, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had paused the fol-
lowing bill and resolution of the Senate, without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 208) to protect American citi-
zens engaged in lumbering on the St. Croix
river, in the State of Maine; and
A joint resolution (S. Jk.No. 92) authorizing
the appointment of enaimners to examine a
site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad vessels
of the United States Navy.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 459) grant-
ing a pension to Anna E. Ward, and agreed to
the conference asked for by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and tha't
Messrs. Kelson Taylor of New York, P.
Sawyer of Wisconsin, and Aakon Harding
of Kentucky, were conferees on the part of
the House.
• The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 527) to promote the con-
struction of a line of railroads between the city
of Washington and the Northwest for national
purposes; and
A bill (II. R. No. 537) to promote the con-
struction of a line of railroad from Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, to Cleveland, Ohio.
These two bills were read twice by their
titles, and on motion of Mr. Grimes referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore :
A bill (S. No. 184) to define more clearly
the jurisdiction and powers of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes;
A bill (S. No. 167) to incorporate the
Women's Hospital Association of the District
of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 11) to facilitate commer-
cial, postal, and military communication among
the several States.
reconstruction.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 127) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Howard to insert as section three of the
proposed article of constitutional amendment
the following:
That no person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or ju-
dicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United State?, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I thank
the Senate for its kindness in postponing the
consideration of this resolution last evening
until the present moment. The hour was late
and I was somewhat weary; and more, at
the moment, from the manner and tone of my
friend from Illinois, perhaps, than anything
else, I confess that I felt some little degree of
resentment, but that has passed. I know my
friend froinlllinois so well, and haveknownhim
so long, that it is but just to him and myself
to say that I know very well that under that
tone which he sometimes assumes in debate,
apparently of an^er, so provoking to a stranger,
nothing of the kind is, in fact, intended. Sir,
the moment has passed, and with it all feeling
of resentment. I shall address myself to the
ideas to which he gave utterance in reply
to some points which I had briefly stated in
objection to this amendment.
He began by saying that there were some
peculiar ideas in Wisconsin, he thought. Now,
I assure my friend that no ideas are prevalent
there, that I am aware of, which do not pre-
vail also in Illinois and the adjoining States.
Among others, he referred to what has been
referred to before, a certain statement alleged
to have been made by the First Assistant Post-
master General, formerly Governor of the State
of Wisconsin. It so happens that sincc last
evening's discussion I met Governor Randall,
and he authorized me to say to my friend from
Wisconsin [Illinois] that the remark to which
he refers is not correct, that the statement is
false, and therefore those who repeat it are
giving currency to a falsehood unjust to him.
Mr. HOWE. Was that remark addressed
to me—your "friend from Wisconsin?"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I meant to say "my
friend from Illinois." It was my friend from
Illinois who made the remark yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I stated that I
had seen some statement in the papers in regard
to it, and I think I said I did not know whether
it was true or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not understand
the Senator from Illinois to vouch for the truth
of it. What I state is, that the First Assistant
Postmaster General authorizes me to say that
the statement to which the Senator referred as
circulating is false.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
the statement, any further than that I saw it in
the papers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of course I do not intend
to say that what the Senator stated, that he saw
it in a newspaper, is false—not at all, but that
the statement circulating in reference to Gov-
ernor Randall was a false statement. My friend
from Illinois also made a remark in relation to
what I said on a former occasion which I think
was not warranted by what I said. I stated
that executive officers were responsible to the
President as the chief executive officer of the
Government. My friend from Illinois seems
to think that because I made this statement
that they are responsible to the President, be-
cause he under the Constitution has placed
upon him the responsibility of seeing that the
laws are faithfully executed, I intended to say
that these men were subject merely to the will
of the Executive and not to the laws of the
land. Not at all, sir. The responsibility of
the Executive is to see that those men who are
exercising executive functions under him faith-
fully execute the laws of the land.
And, sir, is that an idea peculiar to Wiscon-
sin? I think that is a fundamental idea well
understood, and has been from the beginning
of the Government, that the President being
the chief Executive and sworn under the Con-
stitution to see that the laws are faithfully ex-
ecuted, executive officers who are under him are
responsible to him in that sense that he must
see that they faithfully discharge their, duties.
_ Now, Mr. President, enough on this ques-
tion which has no bearing whatever on the
subject before the Senate.
Mr. IIOWE. My colleague will indulge
me  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my colleague will
allow me to conclude, I desire to leave all
these personal matters and go on simply with
the consideration .of the question before the
Senate.
_ Mr. HOWE. I simply want to know pre-
cisely what the contradiction is which is made
here in behalf of the First Assistant Postmas-
ter General. I understand him to deny the
truth of a statement made yesterday by the
Senator from Illinois. The statement made by
the Senator from Illinois, I think, has some
reference to a declaration of mine made here
some time previous. I should like to know
what the precise issue is. Here is one remark
made by the Senator from Illinois yesterday,
as printed in the Globe:
"I recollect having seen in the newspapers—I do
not know whether it is true or not; I very seldom
allude to newspaper articles—but I saw in some of
the newspapers that an officer of this Government,
who was supposed to control some patronage in the
minor offices of the country, spoke of the officers as
eating the bread and butter of the President.' I
recollect the Senator from Wisconsin himself, in a
speech some days ago, spoko of the 'President's
omcers.'"
Is it denied by the First Assistant Postmas-
ter General that he has spoken of officers as
'' eating the bread and butter of the President?''
Is that the statement which is denied?
