1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
hereafter be organized under the laws of Iowa, Min-
nesota, Dakota, or Nebraska, as the 1 resident of the
United States, by its request, may designate or ap-
prove for that purpose, shall construct and operate
a line of railroad and telegraph from fciuux City, upon
the most direct and practica ble route, to such a point
on, and so as to connect with, the Iowa oranch of
the Union Pacific railroad trom Omaha, or the Union
Pacific lailroad, as such company may select, and on
the same terms and conditions as are provided m
this act and the act to which this is an amendment,
tor the construction of the said Lmon and Pacific
railroad and telegraph line and branches; and said
company shall complete the same at the rate ot nlty
miles per year."
Such was the amendatory act of 1864, but
the amendatory act also adopted the principle
of not allowing the Government bonds to issue
on account of the road beyond the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude. The company
might extend its road further west, but it
would not bo entitled to the aid of bonds, but
only of alternate sections of land on each side
of it. That was the effect of the amendatory
act of 18C4 compared with the original act.
The language of the amendatory act—1 refer
to the seventeenth section of that act, which I
might, perhaps, as well read—is as follows :
" Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That so much of
section fourteen of said act as relates to a branch
from Sioux City be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to read as follows: that whenever a line of
railroad shall be completed through the State of
Iowa or Minnesota to Sioux City, such company, now
organized, or as mav hereafter be organized under
the laws of Iowa,, Minnesota, Dakota, or Nebraska,
as the President of the United Slates, by its request,
may designate or approve for that purpose, shall
construct and operate a line of railroad and telegraph
from Sioux City, upon tho most direct and practi-
cable route, to such a point on, and so as to connect
with, the Iowa branch of the union Pacific railroad
from Omaha, or the Union Vaci lie railroad, as such
company may select, and oa the same terms and
conditions as aro provided in this act, and the act to
which this is an amendment, for the construction of
the said Union and Pacific railroad and telegraph
line and branches, and said company shall complete
the same at the rate of fifty miles per year: Provided,
That said Union Pacific Railroad Company shall be,
and is hereby, released from the construction of said
branch. And said company constructing said branch
shall not bo entitled to reccive in bonds an amount
larger than the said Union Pacific Railroad Company
would be entitled to receive if it had constructed the
branch under this act and the act to which this is an
amendment; but said company shall be entitled to
receive alternate sections of land for ten miles in
width on each side of tho same_ along the whole
length of said branch: And provided further. That
if a railroad should not be completed to Sioux City,
across Iowa or Minnesota, within eighteen months
from the dale of this act, then said company desig-
nated by the President, as aforesaid, may commence,
continue,andcompletethe construction ofsaidbranch
as contemplated by the provisions of this act."
It was under that section that President Lin-
coln made the order designating the Sioux City
and Pacific Railroad Company as the corpora-
tion to construct the Sioux City branch. Ac-
cording to the construction which I put upon the
seventeenth section of the act of 1864, it was
incompetent for the President to make an order
designating any company for tlie construction
of the Sioux City branch within the eighteen
months which were allowed by this seventeenth
section. Nor was it competent for him, as I
• understand the act, to designate any company
for the construction of that branch until there
should be a railroad running through either
the State of Iowa or the State of Minnesota to
Sioux City. The object of the G overnment was
plain, to secure the construction of some rail-
road through Minnesota or Iowa to Sioux City,
so as to form a connection at that, point with
the railroad system extending through Iowa,
Minnesota, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Michigan,
the purpose being, according to my view of the
statute and the policy of Congress at that time,
to establish Sioux City as akind of central point
at which the railroad system of the northwest-
ern States should form a connection with the
Pacific railroad proper. Nevertheless, upon
the application of certain gentlemen connected
with the Sioux City Railroad Company, the
President was induced to make what 1 regard as
a premature order in the premises, giving this
privilege to the Sioux City railroad at a period
so esily after the passage of the act as to cut
off all fair and jusl competition between that
• company and other companies for the construc-
5 tion of this road.
It will be observed also that the very lan-
guage of the seventeenth section, from which
1 have read, requires this route, whatever com-
pany may attempt to construct the road upon
it, to be on the most direct and practicable line.
The words are, " on the most direct and prac-
ticable route from Sioux City," to form a con-
nection either with the Iowa branch, the Omaha
branch, so called, of the Pacific railroad, or
with the Pacific railroad proper itself, in which
latter case the junction would have been at, or
west of, the one hundredth degree of west lon-
gitude.
The Sioux City company seem to have been
on the alert, and as early as June, 180-3, about
six month^plter President Lincoln's order was
issued, they filed a map of the route which they
propose to follow through Sioux City westward
to form the junction upon the Iowa or Omaha
branch, with the line of Ihe Union Pacific
Railroad Company. 1 hold in my hand the
map which was furnished the committee by
the Secretary of the Interior. The company
in laying down the route of their road com-
mence at Sioux City on the Missouri river.
Instead of proceeding to the west, however,
they proceed to the southeast. They run a
distance of about twenty miles nearly south-
east in the Stale of Iowa. After reaching the
most eastern point of their route, they proceed
to the south, and then to the southwest, cross-
ing the Missouri river, run thence almost in a
southwesterly direction, and terminate at the
little village of Fremont, in Nebraska Terri-
tory, between the Platte river and the head
waters of the Elkliorn river, a distance in the
whole of atleast ninety-five miles, formingasort
of ox-bow ; proceeding first to the southeast,
then to the south, and then to the southwest;
and at Fr6mont they form a connection with the
Omaha branch of the Pacific railroad. "When
they have reached Fremont, they have made a
westing from the point at which they started,
lliat is Sioux City, of not quite five miles ;and
the traveler andliis freight, in proceeding from
Sioux City to the Omaha branch, has been
obliged to go at least ninety-five miles in order
to proceed westward five miles. This circuit-
ous route makes twenty miles of easting into
Iowa, seventy-two miles of southing, and lias
a length from Sioux City to Fr6mont of at
least ninety-five miles, as I have already re-
marked, and in running this distance they get
west of Sioux City only five miles; that is,
they run ninety-five miles in order to get for-
ward five miles!
There is another view of this subject, Mr.
President, which ought not to be omitted. The
Government, by the terms of the amended Pa-
cific railroad act of 1804, lends its credit to the
company, to the amount of $16,000 for each
mile, amounting for the whole of this distance,
calling the distance ninety-five miles — and
it is certainly, I think, greater than that—to
$1,020,000. Besides this, the company is to
get the land subsidy along the whole of this
ox-bow lino of ninety-five miles at the rate of
twenty sections per mile, amounting in all to
nine hundred and fifty sections of land, or six
hundred and eight thousand acres, worth at
the mininum price ST60,000.
The committee, after looking this whole sub-
ject, over and discussing it at several meetings,
and after hearing men ot' experience acquainted
with that part of the country, who made their
statements on tho subject, eamc to the con-
clusion that the better way was to set aside the
President's order of ihe 24th of December,
1804, and open this subject for competition
between any companies that may see fit to
compete for it. Of course, it does not belong
to me to pass any censure upon the Sioux City
and Pacific Railroad Company for adopting
this course, but I cannot omit to say that i
regard their conduct in selecting this circuit-
ous route through Iowa, thus increasing the
distance for persons connected with the north-
western railroads and northwestern transpor-
tation very considerably, as a plain departure
from the "manifest intent and menning of the
law of 18G4. What- the northwestern States
want particularly is as direct intercommunica-
tion with the Pacific railroad as is practicable;
and they do not wish to be compelled, in trav-
eling, or in the transportation of their freight
and merchandise, to pass over a hundred miles
distance upon a railroad which is entirely un-
necessary so far as they are concerned; thus
greatly increasing the expense of travel and
transportation. The object of the bill is to set
aside that order and open the whole subject
for competition hereafter between the compa-
nies that may see fit to compete for the con-
struction of this branch.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is my impression
that I was chairman of the Pacific Kailroad
Committee when Sioux City was made to have a
connection with the Pacific railroad. Icansay,
as all who were then members of the Senate
know, that Kansas and Iowa quarreled much,
i was industrious (at least I thought I was in-
dustrious) to secure a communication from the
valley of the Mississippi to my own coast, and
not very particularabo'ut how it was done so that
it was well done. The line from Sioux City
was made a line of communication, but not as
a main line. A branch was fought for by the
extreme Northwest from St. Paul downward.
I am notunconversant with the topography and
geography of that part of the world ; perhaps I
am "quite as familiar with it as the Senator from
Michigan ; perhaps a little more so ; for I do
not think he ever rode horses in that part of
our laud. It is only a line of communication
to bring Minnesota and the extreme Northwest
down into communication with the main line,
so as to bring the main trunk at the one hun-
dredth meridian in communication with the
point stated in the bill. It never was intended
as a direct line, but, upon a topographical inves-
tigation. a route from Sioux City to tho one
hundredth meridian was regarded as the best
means to unite the main route with the north-
western railroad svsfem. I think I have pur-
sued the study of the possibilities of railroad
lines between the Mississippi valley and my
own coast with as much carefulness, I dare say
with more carefulness, than any man 1 know.
Mr. HO WAllD. I do not know that I under-
stand the Senator from California very clearly;
but if I do, I understand him to say that there
has been some topographical report on the
subject of this branch line. I have never seen
any such report.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that I had, when I first
came into the House of Representatives, fifty
manuscript maps of that part of the country,
besides the suiveys of the engineers of the
Government—fifty that I had employed men to
make—and then I understood the country my-
self by my own personal cognition. I say that this
branch was provided for simply to connect the
| Northwest, from Lake Superior down through
Minnesota, and join it to the main line com-
municating with California. That proposition,
when presented from the Northwest, met with
my full approbation, I having carefully studied
the subject. I think the Senator from Michi-
gan, who is always careful, and to whose opin-
ions I always listen with great respect, is a little
mistaken, because he has not gone quite far
enoush west.
Mi\ GRIMES. The Senator from Michigan
is much more familiar with the statutes of the
United States on the subject of the Pacific rail-
road than I am, but I must claim that f am a
little more familiar with the topography of the
country through which it is proposed to build
this branch road than he is. The Senator from
California has very correctly stated what was
the purpose of Congress at the time this branch
was provided for. and the Senator from Michi-
gan has correctly staled what is the purpose
of this bill, namely, to set aside the President's
order, to violate, as I apprehend, the contract
now existing between the Federal Government
and the company that was designated by the
President of the United States to Imila this
road, and then to allow a competing line to con-
struct a road up the valley of the Juobrara, a
valley which everv gentleman who ever passed
through it, so far as I know, beginning with
