1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
precinct of Kansas, the G-ravais coal mine of
Missouri, the Abbe precinct of St. Louis, the j
Mann and Cassidy contest of Philadelphia, j
are striking but, not dangerous instances of open
and direct frauds—not dangerous because the j
evil carried with it its own cure. The failure !
to take the oath, the driving away from the polls
of legal voters, the smashing of ballot-boxes,
and similar facts are not dangerous frauds, be-
cause the openness of the attempts to rob the
voter gives an easy remedy.
The highwayman of the Turpin school, in
our land at least, has almost become a myth,
while the midnight burglar and the adroit
pickpocket alone bear aloft tlie palm of crime.
So, too, have election frauds kept pace with the
times, no longer in broad daylight robbing the
voter of bis right, but silently and more surely I
creeping upon its unconscious victim and taking
by stealth what it dare not attempt by force, dan-
gerous because of the difficulty of its detection.
The bungling forger harms no one; it is the
skillful operator that gets his check cashed.
I am sorry to say that in my own State the
sacred right of a free ballot has been left with
so few safeguards. Nowhere should the bal-
lot-box be placed in the hands of one man, and
that man a partisan. The trustee of the town-
ship is by virtue of his office inspector of the
election; and he, elected by the vote of the
township, and partaking of the political com-
plexion of the majority, selects his associates on
the election board, and that board with the right
to adjourn from five o'clock on the day of elec-
tion until the next, the inspector in the mean
time taking the box where he pleases, no suf-
ficient sealing to prevent the opening of the
box, leaving all to the honesty of the inspector,
and ho perhaps keenly alive to the great inter-
est at stake, inducing liim to act for the salva-
tion of a party or a party favorite. Supposing
that under such circumstances and such induce-
ments the inspector forgets the sanctity of his
oath and his duty to country and, laying all
upon the altar of party ambition, takes the
ballot-box during adjournment and in the dead
hour of night, when no eye is upon him save
the all-seeing Eye above, opens the box with a
key provided for the occasion—110 hard matter
in this day of burglarious improvements—takes
out fifty or a hundred tickets and replacing them
with the same amount of a different kind, closes
the box. He can then rest easy. No witness
is there to tell the deed. The box shows 110
signs of violence. The counted vote agrees
with the poll-lists, and I would ask you^how j
this fraud, this crime, is to be detected. Would
you swear the inspector by the deed itself/ lie
is forsworn a perjurer. And where else will
you find a witness? Only one remedy in such
a case is left. Prove how many votes went
into the box of a particular kind, and how
many of that kind the return show, and if you
can prove satisfactorily that but one vote is
misting, it shows that the return is uncertain
and does not express the true condition of the
vote.
The principle, if established at nil, is estab-
lished by one missing vote clearly shown, as
though it were a hundred. A large discrepancy
only proves the fact, and may remove doubt
that may be raised against the proof and not
against the conclusion drawn from that prooi.
When the fact that a large discrepancy does
exist is proven. I believe that it is sufficient
proof of fraud as to at least demand from the
party standing upon the return to explain it,
and if he stands mute, if he fails to produce
his partisan inspectors and judges to sustain
their own return and explain the discrepancy,
then the return, impeached by this strong evi-
dence of fraud, should be set aside as unreli-
able. Very fortunately for me, the present case
does not rest or even turn upon this point alone.
While this ear nun'lc is plainly visible in every
pieciuct attacked, others more glaring, but not,
to my mind, more conclusive evidences of fraud
exist. Put let it be understood that this House
has decided that the return shall override the
proven vote, and in another case they will profit
bj experience. The operation will be more
skillfully performed; no such awkward blun- j
ders as were made this time will be seen. You
may see the severed flesh, the trickling blood, ;
but 110 wound has been made, because no eye |
save the assassin's saw the blow or the blade. ;
Let us, for a few moments, look at tho blun- j
ders committed by—I willnotsay whom—at tho !
precinct of Hamilton, in Sullivan county. First, j
was attempting to give an excuse for excluding j
my friends from the board. Another time, hav- :
ing the power, they will not be so foolish as to
show the fell hatred that rankled in their hearts
against myself and friends. ' No "black aboli-
tionist" could be trusted even to sit on a board
where the balance, four in number, were true
and trusty Democrats. Little did they think
that, upon the final trial, the jury might be com-
posed of persons who by this test were made
ineligible to the position of judge of elections in
Sullivan county.
The next time the inspector will be more
careful with his key. lie will take the box
home with him instead of leaving it in the
voting-room during adjournment; and I believe
this would be preferable, especially if he would
burn the tickets taken from the box instead of
hiding them under the carpet. And, again,
when exposure is about to be made, in the
place of seeking shelter behind a published
card they will remain quiet, for according to the
statement of the sitting member this card is
the cause of all the trouble. The way of the
transgressor is hard. Criminals often, in en-
deavoring to avoid suspicion, furnish the means
for their own detection ; but the sitting member
would have you believe that because a man
makes his mark he cannot read, and if he can-
not read, he therefore cannot swear as to how
he voted. The attorney for the sitting member
was present and cross-examined quite a num-
ber of these individuals, and as the result, found
that the party could either read or else had
shown his ticket to some one who could read.
Union men in Sullivan county are not so plenty
that they are careless as to how they vote.
For instance, the first person mentioned in
the minority report as unable to read, because
he signed his name with a mark, testified on
cross-examination as follows, (see page 10 Mis.
Doc. No. 11:)
" Cross-examined.
"Question. Can you read ami write?
"Answer. I can read print; I cannot write.
" Question. Did you read tnotickct?
"Aaiieer. V es, 1 read it- through.
" John Gilkcaon, next on the list, on cross-exami-
nation in regard to another point, answered as fol-
lows :
" Question. Did you give him tne tieket >
"Answer. I don't recollect whether or nut I gave it
to him, but I read it.
" PcterMoore, taken from the same list m minority
report, on cioss-examination say?, in answer to ques-
tion, can yon read, and did vou read the tieket ?
"Answer. I did not read it; but X got Mr. Belser,
an honest man, to read it to me.
"Mr. Belser says, 1 am not quite positive that 1 j
read the tieket which Peter Mooie voted, but I think ,
I did. I am certain I gave him the ticket; it was a 1
Union tieket of the same debellation with those that '
had Colonel Washburn's name oil."— Mis. Due. A o.ll, (
page -1. |
And yet after this testimony, brought out by
themselves, they ask you to believe these men
could not swear as to how they voted.
Bat the minority report says I have not
shown that one of these voters, swearing they
voted for me, was a legal voter. This House
. has always decided that a voter having voted,
that it is prima facie evidence that he had a
I legal right to vole. (See Botts rs. Jones, Bart-
1 lett. page 71.) where the rule is clearly stated,
j as follows:
I " The committee are of opinion that the true prin-
1 eiple is that everv voter admitted by the resrulai otli-
, eers authuHzed to decide the que-'ti.m at the po Is
1 ousrln to lie considered legally qualified, unless the
| contrary be shown.'"'
I But it may be insisted that the poll-books and
! tally-papers must be produced on this point.
! Let me read from the celebrated ea-e of "Val-
landigham cs. Campbell, ^Barriett. page 229:)
" It was objected that the poll-books of the several
wards and townships, or certified copies thereof, were
not produced in evidence, and that untiUhcirabsence
Wdh accounted
lish the fact that
for no pi oof coukt be received to cstab-
at the voter whose right is disputed did
vote at the election. So much of the statutes of Ohio
as relate to this subject will be found in appendix No.
2. It will be observed that as to tho poll-books re-
cjuired to be sent to the clerk of the county court, no
provision is made anywhere for furnishing copies for
any purpose; and these poll-lists are not within the
acts of Congress touching the authentication of rec-
ords. It nowhere appears that any part of the object
of tho law in requiring them to be kept is that they
ma.y furnish evidence in criminal prosecuti 011s or upon
contested elections, especially as they are not any-
where declared to be record:-. rIhe chief purpose, no
doubt, is to enable the judges of elections and others
afterward to compare the number of ballots in the
box with the number of names 011 tho poll-list, and
thus to stand as a check upon frauds. The under-
signed are of opinion that the poll-lists are not only
not the sole and best evidence to prove that a partic-
ular person voted, but that they are not themselves
sufficient.
"The undersigned are sustained in this view of tho
case by analogous decisions in courts of law, where
it has been repeatedly adjudged that where even
the law requires for purposes of evidence a register
or list of the births, marriages, deaths, and the like,
the fact in criminal cases may yet be proved by
parol." — 1 Greenleuf 011 Evidence, p. 8G, and cases
there cited.
The statutes of Indiana are identical in lan-
guage with those of Ohio.
Fraud may not be proven by an isolated fact,
and yet by combining several facts they may
carry conviction to every mind. Two and one
and three make six, but two by itself does not.
The exclusion of any friend of mine from the
board, the finding of the key in the wrong
man's pocket, the large number of votes not
counted that were proven to have been cast
for me, the evident alarm and endeavor of the
judges to excuse themselves and throw the
blame elsewhere, and the excellent opportunity
given for the perpetration of the fraud, I think,
when taken together, will satisfy you this box
is at least "tainted with fraud."
But let us proceed to the investigation of the
poll of Riley township. Here the job was more
bunglingly performed than at Hamilton. At
Hamilton the poll-lists and tally-papers agreed.
A cool head and steady hand were all that were
necessary to produce this result. To the manip-
ulator in Riley it was new business. Perhaps
he was pushed for time in his hurry and haste
to get rid of the ballots that were burning his
fingers. ITe failed to see that in hiding them he
had given the means for his own detection.
He was too anxious to have the door closed
upon the evidence of his villainy to try and see
if these self-same tickets would interfere with
its again opening. Prudence, judgment, all
failed him in that trying hour. The ballots
under the carpct are only the missing segment
of the sum total wanting in the box.
I feel from the evidence that it was a first
attempt, and I trust the detection this time will
prevent'a second. For the man who has thus
placed his name upon the records of his coun-
try's legislation for all time to come I have no
feeling but pity.
In a small poll of 100 one fifth are missing.
The poll-list has six more names than there are
tickets in the box. Tickets are pickcd up from
the table that never had been voted and counted
to make up the deficiency. Republican tickets
are found under the carpet in the Democratic
inspector's house, in close proximity to the
place where the box, if robbed at all, was
opened, and yet a return made under such cir-
cumstances you are asked to consider sacred,
and as showing the expressed will of the voters
of Riley township.
Cloverdale township will next engage our at-
tention. Moie than one third of the votes cast
for me are missing from the box—91 are proven,
and uS are returned. Nor can the real state of
the ballot lie proven. A large number 01 sol-
diers, legal voters, furloughed for the election
from the various hospitals and posts, returned
after the election, and at the time of this inves-
tigation were absent. The missing \0i0s unex-
plained should, in my opinion, impeach the
credit of this return. Upon what other hy-
pothesis can vou account for this discrepancy,
only that tho box was robbed'/ Here S3 per-
sons are proved to have voted tor me more than
I have counted. Of course, as the tickets and
poll-lists agree, 33 different tickets must take
tho place of mine, making a difference of 00
votes in a small precinct; and yet the return
