1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SB 7h
from Kentucky, speaking on the subject of the
Preedmen's Bureau, and while narrating to this
House certain circumstances which had taken
place under the jurisdiction of the Preedmen's
Bureau in his own State, used this language:
"Now, sir, I told the agent of that bureau then
just what I thought and felt in reference to this mat-
ter. I said to him, 'If you want to protect the freed-
menof this community, I am with you heart and soul.
I will stand by you in all just measures; but if you
intend to arrest white people on the ex parte state-
ments of negroes, and hold them to suit your conven-
ience for trial, and line and imprison them, then I
say that I oppose you; and if you should so arrest
and punish me, I would kill you when you set me at
liberty.'"
Now, sir, we have nothing to do in this dis-
cussion with the sentiment embodied in that
declaration ; it may be just, or it may be un-
just; it may be right, or it may be wrong.
That is not the question now. The question
is one of parliamentary propriety, and I do
not see that there was anything in it in viola-
tion of parliamentary order, or of the privi-
leges or rights of any member of this House.
On the 5th of February the member from
Iowa replied to that language in the following
words:
"The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Rousseau] declared on Saturday, as I caught his
language, that if he were arrested on the complaint
of_a negro and brought before one of the agents of
this bureau, when he became free he would shoot
him."
It was not distinctly understood by the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Gri-nxei,l] whom the
member from Kentucky said he would shoot,
nor does it make the slightest difference so far
as this discussion is concerned. The rnembee
from Iowa proceeded to comment upon that
declaration, and said:
"Is that civilization? It is thespirltof barbarism,
that has too long dwelt in our land—the spirit of the
infernal regions that brought on the rebellion and
this war."
The colleague [Mr. Smith] of the member
from Kentucky interposed to deny that the
member from Kentucky had used any such
language. Ho declared that the gentleman
did not belong to the class of men compre-
hended in the denunciations of the member
from Iowa, but that he had served in the
Union Army for four years during the war.
To which the member from Iowa rejoined:
"I care not whether the gentleman was four years
in the war on the Union side or four years on the
other side; but I say that he degraded his State and
uttered a sentiment I thought unworthy of an Amer-
* ican officer when be said that he would do such an
act on the complaint of a negro against him."
To which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Smith] replied;
"I deny that my colleague made any such state-
ment."
To which the member from Iowa replied;
" I occupied the Speaker's chair when the gentle-
man's colleague was speaking, and I heard the
words."
But he afterward conceded that the report
in the Globe was that upon which comment
should be based. That was on the 5th of Feb-
ruary. On the 7th of February the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau,] who was not
present during the debate of the 5th, recurred
to the matter, rising for the purpose of a per-
sonal explanation. Ho then read from the
Globe the sentence which I have just recited ;
that the member from Fowa did not care whether
the gentleman from Kentucky had fought on
the Union side or on-the other side for four
years. To that Mr. Rousseau rejoined:
" Mr. Speaker, I did not uso the languago imputed
to me by the member from Iowa, [Mr. Grinxell.]
And I pronounce the assertion that has just been
read, that I have degraded my State and uttered a
sentimentunworthy an American officer, to be false,
a vile slander, and unworthy to be uttered by any
gentleman upon this floor."
It is claimed in this discussion that in that
sentence the gentleman from Kentucky offered
a distinct and direct insult to the gentleman
from Iowa, charging upon him in a personal
sense falsehood and slander. Now, I beg to
ask the attention of the House for one moment
to this point; that the sentiment uttered by the
gentleman from Iowa was not the declaration
of a fact, nor did it assume to be such a decla-
ration ; it was simply the expression of an opin-
ion. It was the opinion of the member from
Iowa that the gentleman from Kentucky had
"degraded his State" and "uttered a senti-
ment unworthy an American officer." Now,
sir, when you pronounce an opinion false, you do
not necessarily charge the man who uttered it
with having uttered a falsehood. This distinc-
tion is recognized everywhere in all parliament-
ary bodies. It is recognized here; and it is
recognized in the British House of Commons.
It was recognized in a case which occurred
there a short time ago, when Sir Robert Peel
charged a member of that body with having
uttered upon the floor what he knew to be false.
The Speaker arrested Sir Robert Peel at once,
and told him that, although he might pro-
nounce a statement false, without offending par-
liamentary propriety, he could not add that the
member knew it to be false when he uttered
it, without violating the privileges of the
House; and the Speaker required him to apol-
ogize to the House and to the member, be-
fore he allowed him to proceed. Now, sir, on
the other hand, it follows necessarily from
this that when the gentleman from Kentucky
pronounced this declaration of the member
from Iowa to be false, he did not necessarily
charge him with having uttered a falsehood. I
am not het;e to defend the good taste of the lan-
guage used by the gentleman from Kentucky.
I concede that it does not quite correspond to
my ideas of what is proper and courteous in
debate. It savors a little of what the English
are accustomed to call " bounce," and what
in this country has hitherto been understood
as "southern chivalry." But that, as I con-
ceive, is a matter of taste ; it is not necessarily
a violation of parliamentary propriety; and I
submit that the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] did not establish that the gentleman from
Kentucky had charged his colleague [Mr.
Grixnell] with falsehood in a personalty of-
fensive sense when he attempted yesterday to
cite this passage in support of that assertion.
That, sir, was the third incident of the de-
bate, and it happened on the 7th of February.
On the 8th of February the gentleman from
Iowa rose to a personal explanation, and after
reciting the circumstances of the case, referred
again to this very point. He said:
" I give the member the full benefit of an explana-
tion of his declaration that he would kill a white
officer acting under oath and in the discharge of his
duty, if that is a less unworthy act than to shoot an
American citizen of African descent. That may not
have been degrading to his State, and whether it
was, as I said, language unbecoming an American
officer is a question which I shall refer to the gallant
soldiers of the State of Iowawho never fought, thank
God, but on one side."
The gentleman from Kentucky rejoined that
he could not allow the gentleman from Iowa
"to become the defender of the troops from
the free States."
There the matter rested until the 11th of
June. There seemed up to that time to have
been no such gross violation of parliamentary
propriety aud of the usages and dignity of de-
bate as has been claimed on this floor. On
the 11th of June the gentleman from Kentucky,
in closing a speech which lie had made, used
the following language:
"I said, sir, awhile ago, that flings had been con-
stantly made at my native State, in iny hearing, upon
this floor; and last and least of all things and every-
body, let us give a moment's attention to the mem-
ber from Iowa, [Mr. Geinn'ellJwIio first assailed her
here. Shortly after Congress assembled he assailed
my State and myself. He charged that I had de-
graded my native State by saying that I would defend
my family against the agents of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau. That member was pleased to say on the floor,
in answer to asuggestion of my colleague, [Mr. Smith,]
that lie did not know whether I had iought four years
on the rebel side or on the Federal side in the late
war. I had under my command and fighting under
me from that member's State some of the bravest
troops from any State in the Union. I was in the
war from the beginning of it until the end. In the
Northwest I was known to have been in the Federal
Army; but that member said he did not know whether
I was on the rebel or the Federal side. I do uot sup-
pose a member in the House believed one word of
what he said."
Mr. Geinxeix here attempted to interrupt
him, but the gentleman from Kentucky ob-
jected, saying;
" I cannot be interrupted now. I wish to say that
when a member ean so far depart from what every-
body behoves he ought to know, and docs know is the
truth, it is a degradation, not to his State, for he can-
not degrade her, but to himself."
There, sir, is language whichladmitmavfairly
be regarded as a violation of the proprieties of
debate. It is always a violation of the proprie-
ties of debate to assert that a member states
on this floor what he knows to be untrue. No
member has a right to rise here and impugn
the personal veracity of any other member;
and that I think the gentleman from Kentucky
did in this particular instance. It is only fair,
however, to say that he did it on the assump-
tion that the gentleman from Iowa had said he
did not " know" on which side the gentleman
from Kentucky had fought during the war. It is
true, the Globe has reported it that he "did not
care;" but the gentleman from Kentucky as-
sured the committee investigating this case, as
he assured the House yesterday, that he was
not present (and the record will show the fact)
when the gentleman from Iowa made the ori-
ginal declaration, and that lie had been told by
his colleague from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] that
the languageof the gentleman from Iowa was
that he "neither knew nor cared" on -which
side the gentleman from Kentucky had fought;
and this is urgedin extenuation forthe language
which the latter used in saying that, when the
member said he did not " know'' on which side
he fought, he did not suppose any member of
this House believed his statement. That, I
think, is nevertheless, a violation of parliamen-
tary propriety.
It is to be noted, sir, that when the gentle-
man from Iowa did get the floor lie did not
correct that alleged misunderstanding. He has
not corrected it on the floor from that day to
this. I do not say that this is a justification
for the language used by the gentleman from
Kentucky; but I do say that it is a fact which
may be taken into account, for it is a fact which
may very well have weighed with the gentle-
man from Kentucky in liis views of this matter
and in the action he took upon it. On the
same day, after the debate had gone on some
time, the gentleman from Iowa rose to reply to
the gentleman from Kentucky, asking permis-
sion to make a personal explanation, which was
granted. Now, I do not propose to read at
length what the gentleman from Towa said on
that occasion. It was read in full yesterday at
the Clerk's desk during the speech of my col-
league, [Mr. Hale.] But I call attention to
the leading points of it—to this mainly, that it
was in no sense a reply to anything the gentle-
man from Kentucky had saicl. It was simply
a personal attack upon him as a gentleman and
as an officer of the Army. Xo one can read
any part of it without seeing that this is its
character.
In the first place he refers to his personal
appearance, "standing six feet high, wearing
buff, and carrying the' air of a certain bird that
has a more than usual extremity of tail, want-
ing in the other extremity." He then speaks
about his being a defender of the President,
and says;
" God save the President from such an incoherent,
brainless defender, equal in valor in civil and in mil-
itary life. Ilis military record! Who has read it?
In what volume of history is it found?'*' * ''
* - " Where was he in the great fights? Ask
General Grant if you want his private opinion about
him. Go to the general otficers: and since he has
alluded to Iowa, I will give the opinion of a leading
officer fiom that State, for not two weeks ago he tola
me that when there was a noise in camp the men said
it was either a rabbit or General Rousseau."
He also refers to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky "having a quarrel with his barber and
being backed off," and concludes with the fol-
lowing language:
" I did speak something about the men from Ken-
tucky fighting on both sides. Sir, I havo been sent
here by a majority of seven thousand; and 1 do not
go to the State of Kentucky for indorsement, nor do
the soldiers of Iowa. Their record is made, and it
was not made under the leadership of any man liom
Kentucky. Itwasmadeunderthcleadershipoi their
own colonels and generals, and under General Grant
and General Sherman. When the gentleman gets
