3876
THE CONGRESSIO jSTA<L GLOBE.
July 17,
up here and claims the honor of having led the Iowa
soldiers, I say that they were not so led; that they
spurn such an intimation; and in this I mean noth-
ing personal.
" Mr. Speaker, this is a painful exposition. But I
am not responsible for it. "When I make an assault.
1 expect to receive an assault ia return." *
* * "And then the gentleman whines off with
a woman's plea, taking refuse under feminine skirts
as a certain other gentleman went off in disguise."
Now, ^ir, that is tie whole of the debate
spread before the House for its judgment. I
have already said that I regard the remarks
made by the gentleman from Kentucky in
charging the gentleman from Iowa with stat-
ing what he knew was not true to have been in
violation of parliamentary propriety. I have
no hesitation in saying that I regard the re-
marks made by the gentleman from Iowa as
an outrage upon all parliamentary propriety
and all the courtesies of life in Congress and
out of it, and I am perfectly willing to submit
that judgment to this House or to the country
at large. Well, sir, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky listened to all that debate. He appealed
twice to the House for protection, and the
House failed in each case to afford it. He
said in both cases that unless lie eould be pro-
tected by the House lie must protect himself.
At the time he forbore any personal resent-
ment of language well calculated to irritate
and exasperate any man of sensibility, and
four days after that he committed t.he assault
which has brought the matter before the House.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman says the
House failed to protect the gentleman from
Kentucky when he appealed to the House. I
do not think he will insist upon his statement
when he reflects that the Speaker did imme-
diately call the-member to order when appealed
to by members.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will give attention to
that part, of the subject more fully hereafter,
provided the gentleman from Ohio will also
remember that although called to order for a
violation of the rules by the Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Iowa was allowed to proceed and
to continue in the same si vain. The House
certainly did fail to protect the gentleman from
Kentucky.
But, sir, as to the facts of the assault, there
is neither difficulty nor doubt of any kind. The
gentleman from Kentucky came before the
committee, and said he had no concealment in
the matter at all; he wished the whole thing to
bo understood precisely as it occurred. Ho
admitted that he made the assault; lfe admitted
that he did it with premeditation ; that he did
it for words spoken in debate, and he declared
that his purpose was to disgrace the gentleman
from lowaby blows, as the gentleman from Iowa
had attempted to disgrace him on the floor.
The testimony was of course to the same
point. These are the leading facts in the case,
and they are fully admitted, as I understand, by
the gentleman from Kentucky. It is proposed
by the majority of the committee to expel the
gentleman from Kentucky for that assault,
and to censure the gentleman from Iowa, or
rather to disapprove of the language used by
him in debate.
Now, sir, great exception has been falcon to
this report, and an attempt has been made upon
this floor to give a wholly one-sided aspect to
the transaction. In the first place, the gentle-
man's colleague from Iowa, [Mr. Wilsox,]
whom I do not now see in his seat, entered a
point of order claiming that under the rules
of the House the House had no right to cen-
sure the member from Iowa for the language
used by him. He attempted in the first place
to screen his colleague from any censure or
punishment under the technical rules of the
House. And in the next place, the gentleman
from Iowa, arguing for his colleague, attempted
to show that his colleague had done nothing
worthy of censure or disapprobation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Does the gentle-
man pretend to say that I took that position?
Mr. BAYMOND. I so understood the gen-
tleman.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I did not do any
such thing. I was answering the position
assumed by other members of the House. I
was merely answering the case presented by
gentlemen who had spoken in behalf of Mr.
rousseau.
Mr. RAYMOND. I said nothing about the
reasons which actuated the gentleman. I said
that his argument was calculated to produce
the idea that his colleague had said nothing to
warrant any expression of disapprobation on
the part of the House. I certainly heard noth-
ing indicating the slightest disapprobation on
his own part, nor do 1 find anything of the
kind in his speech as .reported this morning in
the Globe. In the next place, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] now pre-
sents a proposition intended to accomplish the
same object by an adroit parliamentary ma-
neuver, and that is to substitute for the. first
and second resolutions reported by the com-
mittee expelling the gentleman from Kentucky
and censuring the member from Iowa, another
resolution which merely reprimands the gen-
tleman from Kentucky and omits all mention
of the gentleman from Iowa. It says in effect
that if nothing shall be said about the language
used by the member from Iowa, they will bo
content with simply reprimanding Mr. Rous-
seau. Now, I object to that as a partial and
one-sided way of acting on the case. I hold
that the House owes it to itself and to the free-
dom and propriety of debate to express an
opinion on both points of this case, upon the
language of the gentleman from Iowa as well
as upon the act of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
I have moved to substitute, for the first reso-
lution reported by the committee, another pro-
viding for the reprimanding of Mr. Rousseau
at the bar of the House. I have done it be-
cause I think his offense, judged by the pun-
ishment awarded to the gentleman from Iowa,
merits no higher punishment than this. If the
gentleman from Iowa is to be subjected, not
even to the disapprobation of the House, then
I say that the gentleman from Kentucky does
not merit even the reprimand proposed by my-
self and the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
consider that the Constitution protects freedom
of debate. I concede that for any speech or
debate upon this floor no member can be ques-
tioned elsewhere. But I think that gentlemen
in this discussion have given to that phrase a
much wider latitude than it will bear, and I
think the majoiity of the committee claim a
degree of inviolability for the persons of mem-
bers upon this floor that was not intended to
bo attached to them. They say:
" Tho theory upon which parliamentary assemblies
are iounded is that of tho inviolability of the person
of tho representative, 'Che cxisteneo and authority
of legislative assemblies depend upon tho reeo^m-
I ion of this fundamental law. This is due not less to
the disnity of tho assembly and tho rights of itsiuem-
bers than to the people they represent; an act ot vio-
lence against ji representative is an act, of insurrec-
tion against tho people ho represents."
Members have discoursed here about the in-
violability of the persons of Representatives, as
though that were all that is inviolable in the
Representative, and as though nothing else is
to be cared for. Why is not the character of
a Representative as inviolable as his person?
I have said that the person of the Representa-
tive is not to be assailed and I insist also that
his character is not to be assailed. Some of
the ablest commentators on the Constitution
insist that that is a proper interpretation of the
clause, that while a man for words spoken in
debate upon the floor in pursuance of parlia-
mentary rules of order may not be questioned,
he may be held responsible if he publishes those
remarks to the world; and although a discrimi-
nation may be taken that he publishes them by
order of the House, you will find the decisions
in England to be that though, such publications
may bo made under the order of tho House,
and for the use of the House, they cannot be
published otherwise for the public at largo with-
out subjecting the person to the rules of law.
In Massachusetts a case was decided where
a member of the House of Representatives
was fined $2,500 for slandering another mem-
ber upon the floor of the House. But I do
not propose to go into a discussion of the mat-
ter in this way. 1 do not propose to justify
the act of the gentleman from Kentucky. I
concur with the majority of the committee in
the opinion that it cannot be justified; that it
is without justification ; and 1 beg the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] who spoke on
this subject yesterday, to understand from this
that I do not allow him to confound an attempt
to show that an aet has excuses with the posi-
tion that an act is justifiable. He remarked
upon the language of my colleague, [Mr. Hale,]
who spoke upon this subject yesterday, that
while he [Mr. Hale] pretended not to justify
the act of the gentleman from Kentucky, all
his remarks did actually tend to justify it. I
say again that I cannot, and do not, and will
not attempt to justify that act; but I do say
there were many things connected with this
matter, with the unjustifiable assault which
he committed, which ought,, in all fairness, to
afford extenuation for it in the judgment of
those who are to pronounce upon it.
Why, sir, you never hear a case in the crim-
inal courts even, where certain things are not
allowed to extenuate the offense, although not
held to justify it. As I have said, I consider
an assault upon character as serious a matter
as an assault upon the person. This may l^e a
matter of taste; it is certainly a matter of opin-
ion to a certain extent; it is a matter of tem-
perament, and a matter of natural sensibility.
There is a difference in men in this respect.
Some are quick to resent personal injuries;
others will not resent any injuries at all. We
all know that temperaments differ, and that
"some of the most eminent and noble qualities
of the human character lie so close to its faults
and vices that sometimes the two are con-
founded. We all know that firmness in adher-
ing to principle is oftentimes mistaken for ob-
stinacy. The quality which leads some men
to look at all sides of a question before pro-
nouncing judgment upon it is often mistakeu
for vacillation and a lack of decision. We
often see that an excess of charity and kind-
ness of heart is mistaken for pusillanimity. And
we still more often see that that quick sensibil-
ity to insult, that high sense of honor which
resents a wrong, whether done to the person
or to the character, is closely allied to some
of the noblest qualities which can dignify hu-
manity, and especially to that enthusiastic,
impulsive temper which makes heroes of men,
aud enables them to render transcendent ser-«
vice to their country and their age.
■ Now, I do not think it just to confound all
distinctions of character and of temperament
in this case, or in any other. I can -s^ell under-
stand how the gentleman from Kentucky, with
his peculiar temperament, with his education,
with the tone of feeling of the community in
which he had lived all his life, might feel a
degree of sensibility to the remarks of the
member from Iowa, that others on this floor
cannot understand and still less sympathize
with. I feel bound to make allowance for that,
not as justifying the act which he has commit-
ted, but as extenuating the degree of his crim-
inality, when it is before the House for judg-
ment.
One of the celebrated characters in one of
Mr. Bulwer's fictions, I think it was the re-
nowned Mr. McGrrowler, remarks that in his
experience of life he had found that ''there
was a great deal of human nature in men''—a
very profound remark, and one which I think
is substantially true. I think there are very
few of us on this floor who could listen with
entire equanimity to the remarks made by the
gentleman from Iowa. Very few, sir, are there
here whom such remarks would not move to
resentment. But why, it is asked, did not the
gentleman from Kentucky resent them on the
spot? Because he chose, of two offenses, to
commit the least. If he had resented it on the
spot, in presence of the House and in open
contempt of its authority and dignity, I take
it there would have been no hesitation here
in visiting upon him immediate aud condign
punishment.
