1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Lieutenant Warren, will admit that it is impos-
sible that a railroad can be built through.
Mr. SUMNER. Why?
Mr. GRIMES. Itcannotbebuiltforthereason
that there is no timber; it goes through wliat are
called the bad lands. One half of the country or
a large part of the country through it is what
is known as the alkali land, sand-hills, as the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown} correctly
suggests, who has been through that country
himself, I think—sand-hills on both sides that
never will admit of any population ; and to-day
you have not got twenty-five hundred people in
the whole Territory of Dakota through which
it is proposed to build it; and if it were built,
let me say it would require as a subsidy—and
I think the gentlemen who are upon the Com-
mittee on thq,Pacific Railroad will confirm what
I say—$50,000,000 more than it would to build
this road.
Mr. CONNESS. Allow mo to make an
inquiry as to the last expression of the Senator,
in comparing these two routes, so called. I
desire to know what he means by "this road."
Does he mean the designated route, the map of
which is in the Interior Department?
Mr. GRIMES. The nearest practical route.
Mr. CONNESS. I hojje the Senator will
address himself to that question.
Mi'. GRIMES. I will. The seventeenth sec-
tion of the act which was read by the Senator
from Michigan does not in his estimation au-
thorize the President of the United States to
designate this company now before us to build
this road. Let us look at that section. It reads
as follows:
"That so much of section fourteen of said act as re-
lates to a branch from Sioux City be, and the same is
hereby, amended so as to read as fellow?: that wlien-
everalineof railroad shall be completed through the
State of Iowa or Minnesota to Sioux City, such com-
pany, now organized or as may hereafter be organized
under the laws of Iowa, Minnesota, Dakota, or Ne-
braska, as the President of the United States, by its
request, may designate or appro^ e for that purpose,
shall construct and operate a line of railroad and
telegraph from Sioux City, upon the most direct and
practicable route to such a point on, and so as to
connect with, the Iowa branch of the Union Pa-
citic railroad from Omaha., or the Union Pacific rail-
road, as such company may select, and on the same
terms and conditions as are provided in this act and
the act to which this ! ■ an amendment, for tlio con-
struction ot the said Union Pacific railroad and tele-
graph line and branches; and said company shall
complete the same at the rate of Oily miles per yeai.
Provided, That said Union Pacific Railroad Company
shall be, and is hereby, released from the construc-
tion of saul branch. And said company constructing
said braiich shall not be entitled to receive in bonds
an a.monnt. larger than 1he said Union Pacific Kail-
road Company would be entitled to receive if it hau
constructed the branch under this act and the act to
which this is an amendment; but said company shall
be entitled to reeeivo alternate sections of land for
ten miles m width on each side of the same along the
whole length of said bianch: And provided fwther,
That if a railroad should not be completed to Sioux
City, across Iowa or Minnesota, within eighteen
months trom the date ot this act, then said company
designated by the President, as aforesaid"—
The Senator infers that the President had not
any right until the expiration of those eighteen
months to designate a company; but 'that, is not
the* language of the act; that is nob the tense
in which this section is drawn.
" And provided further. That if a railroad should not
be completed to Sioux City, across Iowa or Minne-
sota, within eighteen months from the date of this
act, then said company designated by the President,
as aforesaid, may commence.continue, and complete
the construction of said branch as contemplated by
the provisions of this act."
In accordance with the construction which
the President of the United States put upon
that law, and which I apprehend cannot be
other than the correct construction, lie made
the following order:
"Whereas the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, a company organized under the laws of Iowa,
has requested the President of the United States to
designate said company "'for the purpose of construct-
ing- and operating a line of railroad and telegraph
from Sioux City to such point on, and so as to con-
nect with, the Iowa branch of the Union Pacific rail-
road from Omaha, or the Union Pacific railroad, as
such company may select,:"
Therefore he it knoien. That by the authority con-
ferred upon the President of the United States by the
seventeenth section of the act of Congress approved
July 2, lSdt, entitled "An act to amend an act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean," A:e., I,
Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States,
do hereby designate the said Sioux City and Pacific
Railroad Company for the purpose above mentioned.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
December 24,1864.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that there
is no power in Congress to go beyond that act of
the President; that when he had performed his
duty in designating the company under the law
which should be authorized to build the road
there was the end of the matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question, whether this com-
pany which has been designated by the Presi-
dent has made surveys and located the road.
Has it made any investments?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes,"sir. I say it seems to
me, and I think the Senate must concur with
me, that there was the end of the matter, and
that there is no power in Congress to overthrow
that contract, and that it is a manifest breach
of public faith to attempt to do it. I under-
take to sa3T that gentlemen who are advocating
this measure would not do it for themselves as
private individuals in private transactions.
When that order was made by the President,
designating the Pacific and Sioux City com-
pany as the proper corporation to construct this
road, individuals wero induced in different sec-
tions of the country to invest their money in
the stock ; surveys were made. I do not pre-
tend to say that they have made the best survey !
and selected the best line that could have been
selected. They thought it was the best one ;
but they have a corps of engineers this moment
in the field attempting a better one.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. On what route is this corps of engineers
now engaged?
Mr. GRIMES. They are attempting to find
a route by which (hey can build their road upon
the nearest and most practicable way from
Sionx City to strike the Union Pacific rail-
road. That is what tliey are trying to do.
The Senator has alluded to the fact that this
road from Sioux City runs in an easterly direc-
tion. It runs in an easterly direction from the
simple fact—I think my colleague has been to
Sioux City and knows the topography of that
country—that it is impossible to cross the Mis-
souri river at Sioux City. There is a rise of
the bluff on the opposite side of several hun-
dred feet, so that it is necessary for them to
cut through the bluff' below Sioux City, and
run in a southeasterly direction for a few miles
until they strike the bottom of the Missouri
river. Bferhaps it is not known to the Senator
from Michigan that the only place where the
bluff comes to the Missouri river in the whole
State of Iowa is at Sioux City. On the oppo-
site side are what are known as the black hills,
extending down several miles, through which
it would be just as impossible to ever construct
a railroad that would be a paying road as it
would be to construct one through the White
mountains. But, Mr. President, it is not the
purpose of the company that was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Iowa to take
any advantage of the Government. They
desire to build the road upon the nearest and
most practicable route; and in order to show
that such is their sentiment, and to test the
sense of the gentlemen who are so anxious to
set aside the order designating this company,
I propose to amend the bill of the Senator
from Michigan by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting the following as
a substitute:
That the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, designated by the President of the United
States to construct the Sioux City branch of the
Union Pacific railroad, shall construct said branch
upon the best, most direct, and practicable route,
subject to the approval of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and to be determined by him on actual
survey -without regard to the line designated upon
tho map placed on file by said company in the De-
partment of the Interior.
It will be observed that the proposition I
offer as a substitute for the bill advocated by
the Senator from Michigan is that, without any
regard to the survey to which he has alluded
and the map which he has presented to the
Senate, this road shall be built upon the nearest
and most practicable route, subject to the future
approval of the President of the United States,
instead of leaving it as it now is, according to
the position of the Senator from Michigan, on
the map which he has presented to us. We
have, I believe, within a short time organized
an engineer board, a kind of Pacific railroad
department, at the head of which I think we
have an engineer. These surveys will here-
after be referred to that officer, and I am con-
tent that the company shall be required to
build the road according to the plans that shall
be approved by the Secretary of the Interior,
and by his engineers and the President of the
United States.
Mr. HOWARD. I differ from the Senator
from Iowa as to the true construction of the
seventeenth section of the act of 18S4. Accord-
ing to his view, it was competent for the Pres-
ident at any time after the passage of that act
to designate any company he might see fit for
the construction of the Sioux City branch. It
does seem to me that the simple reading of the
statute is a full and complete answer to that
position. It says that so much of section four-
teen of the original act1! as relates to the branch
from Sioux City be, and the same is hereby,
amended so as.to read," that " whenever a line
of railroad shall be completed through Iowa or
Minnesota to Sioux City," the President shall
have this power of designation ; and afterward
in a subsequent proviso the section declares
that this State road shall be completed within
eighteen months, and if it is not completed
within eighteen months then the company that
may be designated by the President of the
United States may proceed to build this branch.
If the language, "whenever a line of railroad
shall be completed through the State of Iowa
or Minnesota to Sioux City" does not imply
until that act is done, until that condition is
complied with by some company, I am unable
to understand language. It is tantamount to
declaring that after or upon the completion of
a road to Sioux City through Minnesota or
Iowa, the President may have power to desig-
nate a company to construct this branch; and
that was manifestly the policy and intention of
Congress at the time ot passing the act; the
object being to secure absolutely and beyond
peradventure the construction of a road through
Iowa or through Minnesota to Sioux City, so as
to form a connection with the system of rail-
roads that concentrate at Chicago, and for the
benefit of the Northwest.
Mr. SUM-iv ER. Do I understand my friend
to say that President Lincoln transcended his
power when he designated this company ?
Mr. HOWARD. I think he did. I think it
was an inadvertence on his part. He could
do this only after the completion of a road
through Iowa or Minnesota, and not before.
He assumed to exercise the power of designa-
tion before the completion of any such road,
and there is no such road in existence.
The Senator from Iowa seems to insist that
rights have become vested in the Sioux City
Railroad Company, and that we cannot now
interfere with this order without a violation of
vested rights. I do not so understand it. Iknow
of no right which has accrued to that company.
The company have never applied a single dol-
lar in the way of constructing this railroad.
They have not broken ground ; they have not
chopped down a tree; they have not laid a
tie ; they have not advanced a single dollar
for the construction of the road.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will per-
mit. me to ask him a question. I believe 1 was
earlier on that committee than the Senator
from Michigan. I ask him whether he is not
aware that the line designed to connect with
Lake Superior by St. Paul and down to Skux
City, andthence to the one hundredth meridian,
was not given a longer time for its construc-
tion than any other line because the country was
new ? Was it not understood that they would
need more time to survey and find out, appro-
priate routes? Then let me ask him further
whether they have not been triangulating the
whole thing from Cedar Falls down to the
