1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
yesterday represented that we were entering
upon a new era of parliamentary dignity. He
opened his remarks by saying that there had
been a time when the dignity of the House
was regarded as worthy of protection; but that
that time had now gone forever. Sir,^ he must
have forgotten the past history of this House
and of the country. He evidently has forgot-
ten the time long years ago when Matthew
Lyon, a member of the House from the State
of Vermont, spit in the face of Mr. Griswold,
a member of this House from the State of
Connecticut, when Mr. Griswold resented the
indignity and assailed Mr. Lyon upon the spot,
and the Speaker of the House descended from
the chair and, instead of arresting the disorder,
remonstrated with the member who was trying
to separate the combatants, saying that it was
not the way to stop a fight to take a man by
the legs. [Laughter.] He must have forgot-
ten the time when Houston, of Texas, bela-
bored a member of the House of Representa-
tives on the avenue and left him, as it were,
dying, unable to stir, or even to call aloud.
The gentleman from Iowa must have forgot-
ten the long list of "scrimmages" that have
taken place in this House from that day almost
to the present time. A former member of this
House now in this city handed me to-day a little
list of the contests he had witnessed on this
floor during the short time he was a member
of this House. Among them was the scrim-
mage between Mr. Clingmari and Mr. Stanley,
of North Carolina, which resulted in some
scratches and blows. Another was one be-
tween Mr. Wilcox and Governor Brown, of
Mississippi, which he states was a "much pret-
tier fight than the North Carolina one, and
looked more like business.'' Another was aTen-
nessee fight. Mr. Churchwell, of Tennessee,
drew a pistol on his colleague, General Oullom.
General Oullom "went for him," bounding
over a desk, and denouncing him in a clear
ringing voice, which could be heard in the re-
motest part of the galleries, as a coward and
an assassin. Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, and
Mr. Grow, says the same authority, " opened
their batteries on each other, and the engage-
ment soon became pretty general along the
whole line ; Barksdale of Mississippi, Wash-
burue of Illinois, Ruflin of North Carolina,
Covode of Pennsylvania, Reuben Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Potter of Wisconsin, and others, char-
ging and retiring alternately."
I will not enumerate any more of these con-
tests. I will simply say that the last one al-
luded to must be fresh in the minds of all the
members of this House although they may not
have witnessed it. They certainly cannot for-
get the picture of it given to us a few days ago
by the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stuvexs.] With his usual parlia-
mentary adroitness, he brought it into his argu-
ment to aid in carrying a bill which was in some
danger of being lost. He drew a picture of
that contest which exceeded in graphic fidelity
any description in the histories of our recent
wars thus far within my knowledge. Certainly
its effect upon the House was something start-
ling. All the members gathered around him
and listened in the most respectful silence—
conticuere omnes; and if gentlemen will par-
don the false prosody, I will complete the
quotation—as applicable now as it was in the
olden time—voces faucibus Jiesunt, steterunt-
qite comm. I am sure, sir, our hair stood on
end under the narration, and 1 think thatof the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
himself would have done so but for circum-
stances over which he probably had no control.
[Laughter.] I never knew whj' that distin-
guished gentleman should have been so much
more terrified with that particular contest than
with any of the others that have taken place
in his time on this floor until I saw the result
of it recorded in the personal diary of the gen-
tleman who handed me this record, in these
brief and graphic words: " Poor Barksdale's
wig being captured in the row." [Renewed
laughter.] That is a sad result unquestionably,
but it was not attended with as much carnage
as it might have been. I believe, indeed, the
wig was captured without the least effusion of
blood. But even in thatgrgat contest, attended
with such results, the House passed no resolu-
tion of expulsion ; no one was banished even for
seizing Barksdale's wig; the fiouse passed no
reprimand upon anybody ; no, it did not even
censure any one, nor express its disapproval
of the row in any way whatever.
Indeed, you may examine the history of this
Honsefromitsbeginningtothepresenttime,and
you will not find a single one of all the men en-
gaged in these personal collisions, even when
they occurred right on the floor inthe presence
of the Speaker, when pistols and bowie-knives
were drawn and when blood was shed, who has
been expelled. Matthew Lyon was not expelled.
Preston S. Brooks, even, was not expelled for
his murderous outrage on Senator Sumnek.
This is to be the first instance of expulsion, if
you expel the gentleman from Kentucky, for
any collision of this kind. Now, sir, is there
anythingin the circumstances of this case which
calls foT expulsion by way of distinguishing it
from all the others? As I said, I believe there
is much to extenuate in. I know the gentle-
man from Iowa claims that the gentleman from
Kentucky had insulted him. I have cited the
only passage in the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky which I think was fairly open
to the charge of being in violation of parlia-
mentary propriety. The gentleman from Iowa
claimed before the committee that he had re-
ceived other offenses in the closing speech of
the gentleman from Kentucky. He claims that
General Rousseau called him " a thing" in the
passage of his speech where he said that" last
and least of all things he would refer to the
gentleman from Iowa." Now, sir, I do not
know precisely what was intended by that ex-
pression of the gentleman from Kentucky. The
language is not perfectly clear, and it may give
rise to commentaries in the future as volumi-
nous as those in the past upon doubtful phrases
in Homer and Herodotus. But it is not the
first instance in which a person who was called
"a thing" has resented it. The hostess of the
"Boar's Head" in Eastcheap was called a
thing by Sir John Falstaff, who complained
bitterly that his pocket had been picked in her
establishment. It could not be expected that
this ornament of her sex could tamely submit
to such an imputation upon her character.
Like a woman of spirit as she was she de-
manded to know "what thing" Sir John meant
to call her. Nor was she as much appeased
as, perhaps, she should have been when the
gallant Sir John responded, "a thing to thank
Godupon and though she exclaimedshe was
no such thing and called on all who knew her
to bear her witness, still, if the gentleman from
Iowa had made a similar demand on his accu-
ser, he might have received the response in a
more kindly spirit. But I do not think the
offense in his case, any more than in that of the
virtuous Dame Quickley, quite so serious as
both seem to have deemed it.
Now, sir, I say further, it is to be regarded
as an extenuation of his offense that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky was forced to submit
to a most serious and insulting impeachment
of his military character and his personal cour-
age upon this floor, in hearing of the House
and to go upon the permanent record of our
debates. In my judgement it makes no differ-
ence whether the gentleman from Iowa said he
did not "know" or did not "care" on which
side the gentleman from Kentucky had fought.
I hold it as much an offense against propriety,
against all just feeling, for him to say that he
did not care, as that ho did not know, whether
he was on the rebel or on the Union side. I
say that the attack upon the military charac-
ter of Mr. Rocsse.ut was an unpardonable out-
rage perpetrated on the floor upon the charac-
ter and history of one whom no gentleman in
this House or elsewhere had any right to de-
preciate or any excuse in depreciating in any
such connection.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
said yesterday that it seemed as though Itbe.
character of no man was of any consequence
here unless he had been in the Army. I beg
to know of how much consequence would be
the character of any man in the Army if it is
to be assailed as the gentleman from Iowa as-
sailed that of the gentleman from Kentucky,
with entire and complete impunity. Sir, we
owe it to ourselves, to our self-respect, to our
country and to posterity, to cherish as the apple
of our eye, or the very core of our hearts,
the reputation of those who have led our armies
in this great fight, and won for us as well as for
themselves distinguished honor on the battle-
field. And when I see so many of these gen-
tlemenaroundme, nowmembers ofthis House,
who have, on the field of battle, as well as in
this council chamber, stood firm and fast to
the Union of the States, who have risked life
and everything dear to them for the sake of
the nation, and whose deeds are so certain to
pass into the priceless treasures of our coun-
try's history, I feel like pardoning almost any-
thing they may say or do, and like holding
every man my foe who assails their fair fame
and traduces their character or their reputation
for political differences or for differences of any
kind.
The military character and career of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky are so well known that
neither the gentleman from Iowa nor any other
gentleman on this floor is excusable for over*
looking or disparaging them. When violent
hands were first raised against the Government
and the Constitution and Kentucky attempted
to stand neutral, he planted himself almost
alone against the efforts of those who would
hold her back from the fullsupport of the Union
and the Constitution. Almost alone in the Sen-
ate of that State he denounced all sympathy
with secession as treason and rebellion. He
denounced the attempt of the Governor to hold
a special session in order to hear a secession
commissioner from Alabama. He denounced
the Senate for attempting to sit in secret session
for the purpose of giving them audience, not
only as a breach of parliamentary propriety, but
as a crime against the people, and told the Sen-
ate, probably in violation of order and of the
Senate's privileges, that if they did close the
doors during that debate, he would break them
open with his own arm, and he defied them to
stop him if they dared. And when the war broke
out, where was he found ? Prom the first mo-
ment until the closing gun was fired in the fore-
front of the great encounter. The reports of
his commanding officers, from the highest to
the lowest, bear such testimony to his valor,
his good disposition of his troops, his deter-
mination always and everywhere to fight the
foes of his country and to save the nation or
perish in her defense as should forever silence
the thought that would do him insult or injury.
I will not go over that history. I say that what
he has done for the country entitles him to
impunity from assault on his character or per-
son in this place, or elsewhere : in the second
place, it entitles him to protection at the hands
of this House from assaults upon him here;
and in the third place, all such protection fail-
ing him, it entitles him to the most charitable
construction upon any act he may have per-
formed in the vindication of his character
against insult and aspersion. That was one
of the reasons assigned by the minority of the
committee for qualifying the motion to expel,
and what I have said has been in support of
that recommendation.
The committee report in connection with
this transaction, and giving to it what I deem
not quite a fair construction, that three per-
sons were present who were friends of General
Rousseau and were armed. The report of the
majority of the committee says:
"Three persons were present as friends of Mr.
Rousseau ; the first on account of iniormation re-
ceived from Mr. Kousse.vu that a personal assault
wns possible, if not probable; the seeond oil account
of a sasaretion or a cail from the first; and the third
followed Mr. Rousseau to the portico on account
of his excited appearance and manner when passing
through the rotunda."
