1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2917
the States thereunder, and that they will in
like manner abide by and faithfully support all
laws and proclamations which have been made
during the existing rebellion with reference to
the emancipation of slaves. There is where he
got the power. At all events, if there were
any doubt about, his having the power under
the language of the Constitution itself, there is
an authority given by Congress to him to say
that if the men who had been engaged in the
rebellion would take an oath to support the Con-
stitution henceforth, and to support the procla-
mations emancipating slaves, they should have
pardon. Sir, in addition to that oath he went
further and put into the very pardons them-
selves which were granted to the individuals,
terms and conditions there expressed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will not interrupt me. I have been
very much interrupted, and have had three or
four speeches interjected into my speech now.
It costs too mueli to print a speech with the
speeches of others in it. Mr. Johnson, in his
proclamation from which I have read, speci-
fied the exceptions, namely:
"The following classes ofpersons are excepted from
the benefits of this proclamation: first, nil who are
or shall have been pretended civil or diplomatic offi-
cers or otherwise domestic or foreign agents of the
pretended government; second, all who left judicial
stations under the United States to aid the rebellion;
third, all who shall have been military or naval
officers of said pretended confederate government
above the rank of colonel in the army or lieutenant
in the navy; fourth, all who left seats in the Congress
of the United States to aid the rebellion; fifth, all
who resigned or tendered resignations of their com-
missions in the Army or Navy of the United States
to evade duty in resisting the rebellion; sixth, all
who have engaged m any way in treating otherwise
than lawfully as prisoners of war persons found in
the United States service as officers, soldiers, seamen,
or in other capacities; seventh, all persons who have
been or are absentees from the United States for the
purpose of aiding the rebellion; eighth, all military
and naval officers in the rebel service who were edu-
cated by the Government in the Military Academy
at West Point or the United States Naval Academy;
ninth, all persons who held the pretended offices of
Governors of States in insurrection against the Uni-
ted States; tenth, all persons who left their homes
within tile jurisdiction and protection of the United
Slates, and passed beyond the Federal military lines
into the pretended confederate States for the purpose
of aiding tho rebellion; eleventh, all persons who
have been engaged in the destruction of the com-
merce of the United States upon the high seas, and
all persons who have made raids into the United
States from Canada, or been engaged in destroying
the commerce of the United States upon the lakes
and rivers that separate the British Provinces from
the United States; twelfth, all persons who, at the
timo when they seek to obtain the benefits hereof by
taking the oath herein prescribed, are in military,
naval, or civil confin ement or custody, or under bonds
of the civil, military, or naval authorities or agents
of the United States as prisoners of war, or persons
detained for offenses of any kind, either before or
after conviction; thirteenth, all persons who ha,vc
voluntarily participated in said rebellion, and the
estimated value of whose taxable property is over
twenty thousand dollars; fourteenth, all persons who
have taken the oath of amnesty as prescribed in the
President's proclamation of December 8, A. D. 1863,
or an oath of allegiance to the Government of the
United States since the date of said proclamation,
and who have not thenceforward kept and maintained
tho same inviolate: Provided, That special applica-
tion may be made to the President for pardon by any
person belonging to the excepted classes; and such
clemency will be liberally extended as may be con-
sistent with the facts of the case and the peace and
dignity of the United States."
These were the terms of amnesty and par-
don which we re proclaimed by the President,
in pursuance of the express statute passed
by the Congress of the United States. Now,
sir, this amendment proposed to the Consti-
tution embraces large numbers of persons to
whom pardon and amnesty have already been
given. I know it may be said that by an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, which is the supreme law of the land,
you can annul all existing rights. You could,
perhaps, by an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, enact a provision which
would deprive individual citizens of their prop-
erty, and vest the whole of it in the govern-
ment of a State or in the Government of the
United States; you might, perhaps, by a con-
stitutional amendment, pass a bill of attainder
by which certain men should be sentenced to
death and to corruption of blood; but, sir,
would il be right? That is tho question.
Where men in good faith have taken this oath
and accepted the terms of this amnesty and
pardon, is it right to undertake, by a consti-
tutional amendment, to rob them of this vested
right ? Sir, I have never been taught to be-
lieve that might was right, or that such a pro-
vision would be right because we had the power
to pass it. I maintain that good faith, the
good faith of this Government which was
pledged by the Congress of the United States,
and the President acting under the authority
of Congress, requires us not to undertake to
destroy or take away the rights which we our-
selves have vested. Our honor is involved in
it, and we cannot, as honorable men, it seems
to me, undertake to annul what we ourselves
have given and they have accepted in good
faith.
While upon this subject of pardons, as so
much has been said from time to time of the
numbers of pardons that have been granted, I
beg leave to state from a paper which I hold
in my hand, furnished to me, and which I be-
lieve to be correct, that there still remain un-
pardoned, liable to trial and to conviction and
punishment among the chief leaders of the
rebellion, one hundred and thirty major and
brigadier generals, eighty-eight members of
the confederate congress, so called, one hun-
dred and fifty-eight ex-United States Army offi-
cers, and one hundred and twenty-two ex-Uni-
ted States Navy officers, who left our service
to join the rebellion, and of tho prominent rebel
officials, like cabinet officers and governors of
States, thirty-seven. In all five hundred and
thirty-five of these principal officers remain
unpardoned. Tliey are in the hands of tho law,
liable to be tried, certainly all the civilians at
least. As to major generals and brigadier gen-
erals who surrendered, the terms of the sur-
render may control the good faith of the United
States on the question of their trial, conviction,
and punishment.
Mr. President, to this amendment I object
also because it assumes on the part of the
Constitution of the United States to fix the
qualifications of those officers who hold offices
under the State governments. If it were con-
fined to officers under the United States, to
Senators and Representatives in Congress, and
to all persons holding office under the Govern-
ment of the United States, I could well see the
propriety of the United States prescribing the
qualifications of their own officers. But when
you go beyond that and undertake by the Con-
stitution of the United States to prescribe the
qualifications of officers under the laws and
constitutions of the States, it seems to me you
are interfering with a question which belongs
to the people of the States. In the States of
Tennessee, Missouri, Maryland, and West Vir-
ginia the people have assumed to pass upon
the question for themselves. They prescribe
the qualifications of those who shall hold offices
under their State governments. I think that
is a matter which belongs to the people of the
States.
I stated yesterday that in my judgment one
of the great dangers to be apprehended from
inserting this proposition as a part of the con-
stitutional amendment to be submitted would
be to prevent the adoption of the residue of the
amendment, for I understand this proposition
to be to submit all these sections together as
one amendment, although there arc five or six
sections, the subjects-matter of which are en-
tirely distinct. The proposition seems to be
to submit them all together, so that if there is
one section which three fourths of the States
refuse to sanction, all will bo lost. I think that
certainly if this amendment is to be pressed in
its present form each section should be sub-
mitted in so many distinct and independent
articles so that if any article were adopted by
three fourths of the States, that article could
become a part of the Constitution. For in-
stance, that article which forbids the assumption
of the rebel debt and that article on the subject
of the basis of representation might be adopted,
when this, from the form in which it stands,
would not be able to command the assent or
ratification of three fourths of the States, and
therefore all might be lost.
Now, Mr. President, I confess for one that
if constitutional amendments are to be sub-
mitted 1 desire that they should be submitted
in such a form that they will be adopted. I
want this thing closed up, not kept open for-
ever. If these amendments are submitted in
such form as not to receive the sanction of
three fourths of the States, where are we?
Still in a state of quasi war. I think that this
clause which is now proposed to be inserted in
the amendment, instead of tending to recon-
struction or restoration, has a tendency to ob-
struct the very thing at which all aim or should
aim.
I am just as liable to be mistaken as aay
other person; but it is my deliberate opinion
that if on the first day of this session we had
admitted into both Houses of Congress those
gentlemen who came here and who were pre-
pared in good faith to take the oath which we
require to be taken, we should this day be in
a much better condition than we are now. I
believe that if these men who could take the
oath had been admitted, and those who could
not take it had been sent home, the people of
those States would have found men who would
take the oath, there woqld have been Repre-
sentatives from many, if not all, of the States,
by this time, and we should have presented the.
spectacle of a united people, the United States,
not the disunited States, not a condition of
quasi war, a moral warfare, a condition in
which wo hear from one end of the session
almost to the other continual denunciation
and vituperation, and which does not tend to
peace, does not" tend to restoration or the
harmony of the States.
I believe, sir, that these men would have been
able in all these States to have built up a pow-
erful party to support them if we had taken
them by the hand, countenanced them, and
given them tho moral support of Congress and
of the Government. But by our treating tlipm
as if they were like rebels themselves we dis-
courage them and cjiseourage the men who
stood with them. I have no doubt of another
thing, that if this day the Representatives from
all these States who could take the oath of
allegiance were in Congress, speaking the voice
of a united people to the civilized world, our
bonds would stand at ten per cent, higher than
they do to-day. I have no doubt of another
thing, that had all these States been represented
by loyal men taking the oath of allegiance,
joining with us heart and hand to speak the
united voice of the American people, Maxi-
milian would have left Mexico before now.
Sir, did you not read the speech of Roebuck
in the British Parliament the other day, the
man who from tho beginning hoped for the dis-
solution of the Union, labored for it, denounced
the English Government for not interfering to
aid the South to dissolve the Union?
Mr. CONNESS. I believe, if the Senator
will permit me to say it, that he uses the term,
applied to our country, of "disunited States."
I think he does.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say that is the posi-
tion in which you place us and have endeavored
to place us from the beginning and from be-
fore the beginning of this Congress, while I
have struggled to place us in the position of
the United States, speaking one voice, rallying
under the same flag; and I repeat it hero,
without twenty-five stars on it, either. Our
national salute is thirty-six guns, not twenty-
five ; our flag bears thirty-six stars, the repre-
sentatives of thirty-six States of the Union, not
twenty-five. And, sir, placed in that position,
how much better should we stand before the
nations of the earth. Roebuck would not rise
in Parliament to say, ' 'Wait a little longer ; the
war is not yet overthe States are still sepa-
rated ; they are denouncing each other; there
is danger of a new civil war breaking out."
Mr. President, I say, as I said before, that
I claim, no more weight for my opinion than
belongs to any other person; but this is the
light in which [ look upon the situation. This
