1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
corporation of the city of Terre Haute. But
by what authority can a mayor of a town or
city in Indiana administer an oath at all? Here
is the law and the only law on the subject:
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted bp the General Aisenbhj of
the State of Indiana, That justices of the peacein their
respective counties, notaries public, judges of courts
in their respective jurisdictions, mayors of townsand
cities- in their respective towns andcitics, and clerks
of circuit and common pleascourts, and master com-
missioners in their respective counties, be hereby
authorized to administer oaths generally, pertaining
to all matters where an oath is required : and county
auditors in their respective counties shall be author-
ized to administer to road-reviewers and township
trustees and to justices of the peace making returns
of fines."*'—Gavin and llord's Statutes of Indiana, vol.
2. p. 576.
What is the date of that
Eighteen hundred and
That is the way I stated it
Mr. DAWES.
statute ?
Mr. VOORHEES.
sixty-one.
Mr. DAWES.
here.
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, sir; but the error
which crept into the gentleman's roport was in
assuming that there was no law prior to that
giving to mayors authority to administer oaths.
But permit to say that it makes no difference
as to the point under discussion whether such
is the fact or not, because certainly the gentle-
man is too good a lawyerto contend that a man
can lawfully administer an oath before he has
authority to do so conferred upon him. Within
the limits of the power conferred, the officer
administers the oath. If it be true that up to
1801 no mayor in Indiana could administer
oaths, yet when that power has been given, even
if it be for the first time, it must be exercised
in accordance with the terms of the act con-
ferring it.
Answer me, then, with this law in .your pres-
ence, where Albert Lange obtained his author-
ity to administer oaths outside of the city of
Terre Haute. Does the act of Congress give
it? By not one word contained therein. It says
that a mayor may take their depositions. Is
Albert Lange a mayor in the county of Sulli-
van, likewise in the count}' of Putnam? Has
he any official existence outside of the city of
which he is the presiding magistrate, with de-
fined and limited powers and duties? What
lawyer with ability sufficient to file the general
issue in an action of debt will hazard his repu-
tation by answering these questions in the
affirmative ? Lord Coke says:
"Nor can any oath be administered by any that
have not allowance by common law time out of mind
or by an act oi Parliament."
Can Albert Lange administer it anywhere save
where an act of the Legislature ot Indiana has
given him the allowance ? No more than I can
administer it to the first man I meet onthehigh-
wtiy after I leave this House. The act ot Con-
gress might have constituted him a commis-
sioner, and by special enactment empowered him
to administer oaths, but it has not done so. It
calls upon the official character of a mayor, a
character which has no existence whatever out-
side of thelimits given to it bylaw. Yet we find
Mr. Lange in the various counties of the seventh
congressional district certifying that as mayor of
the city of Torre Haute he took the depositions
inthis case, andsigning himself " Albert Lange,
mayor of the city of Terre Haute. ' Sir, I have
heard of roving diplomats and roving commis-
sioners. Here is a roving mayoralty—a mayor
at large—a mayor everywhere.
"No pent-up Utica contracts his powers."
He starts out upon his journeyings with his
office upon his back and the corporate seal of
the city in his hand, and wherever he stops long
enough to screw it on a document, there he is
mayor of Terre Haute for the time being. It is
true he may sojourn and take depositions in a
town where there is already one mayor, but he
will make room for two. Is he not a universal
mayor, and has not the Committee of Elections
so decided? It is true that I have submitted
this point to a number of the ablest lawyers in the
United States, who differ, too, from me in polit-
ical sentiment, and I liave never yet found one
who did not pronounce it so plainly in my favor
that it would not bear an argument; but then
they had not learned the secret of wisdom which
resides in a committee-room.
Sir, I will dwell no more on this feature of
the case. I would not give my assent to so
monstrous a violation of law and of common
sense as it involves for all the offices the people
have to bestow, and certainly not to remain
for life in this seat. _ If the House can be brought
to render its sanction, be it so.
I proceed now to consider the other branch
of the case. If these depositions are evidence,
which they are not, what do they prove? In
the notice of contest served upon me by Mr.
Washburn he alleges that " eight hundred and
ninety-nine persons not legally entitled to vote
were improperly and illegally allowed to vote
at said election and did cast their votes for!'
mo. I presume but for a matter of conscience
the odd one would have been added, and wc
would have been called to figure upon even nine
hundred. We must be thankful, however, for
small favors in this wonderful era. Now, sir,
in regard to this particular and seemingly well-
calculated statement of illegal votes given for
me, I have this to say in the hearing of this
House and in the hearing of the country: If
any member of the committee or any body else
will point out even the attempt to prove that I
received one illegal vote I will close my mouth
and abandon my place as a member. Not one
vote, not one, is shown to have gone into the
ballot-box for me which was not legal and valid.
My majority, on which I received my commis-
sion, was 534. Failing to impeach a single vote
of that majority, although the sweeping allega-
tion just mentioned was made at the outset,
resort was had to another method. With no
hope or pretense of showing that I had not re-
ceived a majority of the legal votes of the dis-
trict, an effort was next made to disfranchise
various voting precincts. At Hamilton town-
ship, in the county of Sullivan, I received 498
votes, and Mr. Washburn received 143. This
was an excellent point at which to commence
the disfranchisement. There was agood amount
of material to operate on. To throw out and
get clear of 498 votes at one blow, not one
of which by a word of the evidence is shown
to have been fraudulent, was an object worthy
the ambition of a man who could not receive
sufficient votes in any other way, and who
never expected to be as near an election to
Congress again. It is likewise worthy the skill
of the committee, and justifies, perhaps, two
or three attempts on their part to reach the
desired result. In fact, their tenacity of pur-
pose in this regard is almost equal in sub-
limity to that of Robert Bruce, who learned
his lesson of success from the repeated efforts
and untiring constancy of the spider. They
failed at first to find tne key to success in driv-
ing me from my place on this floor, but then
ho^w nobly they proceeded to the second trial,
and how well their honest zeal was rewarded!
Let us follow them in their pathway of light,
always bearing in mind that my political sen-
timents cannot possibly have the slightest
effect on the committee, and especially on
the loud-professing fairness of the chairman,
[Mr. Dawes.]
In addition to the 143 votes returned for Mr.
Washburn at Hamilton township, he calls up
according to my count 17 men who swear tliey
voted for him. This is all. It is true that at
this precinct an attempt was marie to show that
some one had distuibcd the ballot- oox in the
absence of the judges at supper. They had ad-
journed and left the box, as they had a right by
'law to do. in what thev conceived to be a safe
place. When they returnedit occurred to them
that the tickets in the box had been disturbed
in their position. It is said the judges were all
mv political friends. Thatistrue, asitis equally
true that at more than twenty other precincts
in the district the judges were all the political
friends of the contestant. Law has been cited
that if the judges act corruptly the entire poll
shall be rejected. What is the evidence here
on that point? The moment that even the ap-
pearance of an interference was discovered these
judges, whom youare asked to believe were cor-,
rupt. partisans of mine, made the fact public,
and even published at once a statement in the
press, although afterward the inspector testi-
fied, as Mr. Washburn's own witness, that he
himself most-likely made all the-disturbance in
the position of the tickets which gave rise to the
suspicion when he first opened the box after
supper. But what could the fraud be, if any
was committed ? The number of votes counted
out was exactly equal to the number of names
on the poll-book. It is said, however, that votes
belonging to Mr. Washburn were taken out of
thebox,and an equal number for me put in. Of
this grave charge there is not even the slightest
attempt at puoof. There is not a word upon the
subject from the lips of a single witness. But,
says the contestant, and' upon the second trial
also so says the committee, we must infer that
such is the ease because a small number more
men were brought before the mayor of Terre
Haute, in the town and county of Sullivan, than
the number of votes counted for Washburn
who stated that they voted for him. Therefore
the committee, having found daylight .at last,
resolutely, and in the discharge of a high and
conscientious duty, which at first they did not
see, threw out the 498 votes which were cast for
me, every one of them legal, and retain for him
not only the 143 to which lie is entitled, but also
generously add thereto the additional number
claimed to be proven, 27, as stated by the com-
mittee. This kind of an arithmetic makes an
election to Congress easy to one who is blessed
with a committee which takes some interest in
such matters. It is true that of the witnesses
who disfranchise nearly 500 honest and unques-
tionable electors, 24 of them sign their name
with a mark. Here is the proof on every page
that they cannot write, and it is reasonable to
conclude that they may be somewhat deficient
in the art of reading. But few of them could
know with the least certainty who they voted
for, yet they set aside solemnly sworn returns
and a Governor's commission as if the elective
franchise, at least so far as white men are con-
cerned, was a matter of not the slightest mo-
ment.
I presume it is not necessary for me to say
that there never was a law-book in the world in
whose pages such tremendous folly, and worse
than folly, found a legal sanction. As to the
action of Congress heretofore, we search in vain
for anything m its history which resembles a
precedent. This Government is nearly a hun-
dred years old, yet such a principle as the com-
mittee asserts in this instance is wholly un-
knownto its records. But this in an era, I sup-
pose, in which old things are to pass away and
all things are to become new. Old laws and
constitutions, full of the wisdom of ages, and
made sacred by the glory and honor which they
have conferred in times past upon the people,
are pushed aside to give place to the distem-
pered fancies of the present, which seem to per-
vade the very atmosphere, like the chaotic
visions of a "sick man's 'dream. I may be
pushed aside with them, and if so I will at
least have the consolation of a pure and hal-
lowed companionship.
Xn regard to the vote in the three other town-
ships. whose validity is called in (question, I
will content myself by quoting from the able
and conclusive minority report:
44 In Cloverdftlc township, Putnam county, there
weie cast for Mr. Voorliees 226 votes, and for xlr*
Wrtflihurn 53 votes. The contestant has produced
evidence tendinsrto prove that at paid poU ^received
8'J votes, being 31 more than were returned tor mm
by the inspector and judges. But to makeup this
number we have to count the votes of ten Persons,to
y?U Georse W. Dicks, Iraacis Mullmix, Job Ailee,
"William Jjeonard. Abraham II.. Snodpass, Andrew
Iv Vkli-i T Baldwin, William Minct, William
Day and C. AY. Dicks, who testify that they voted tor
Mr? Washburn, but who cannot: thrasgIves wnto their
hamcs:aml of twelve others to wit Liza Thompson,
IVivid Thompson, Payton Albm. Ilanison \oung,
1,nh, A ftoT James ll. McCoy, John(i. Dyer. Hugh
Thompson William B. Ferguson, David W. Dunkm,
Israel Jenkins, and John Dicks, jr., who were not
produced or sworn, but whose votes were testified to
by other persons; this bema clearly secondary evi-
dence of a very weak and unsatisfactory character.
"In Jefferson township, Sullivan county, Mr. V oor-
liees received 231 votes, and Mr. Washburn 24 votes.
