1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8879
But that is not here a material point. The
House failed to silence the member from Iowa
while he was insulting the member from Ken-
tacky. Now, sir, that is a reason why the
House should be lenient in dealing with the
gentleman from Kentucky—in passing judg-
ment upon him. I urge it as such a reason,
and in no other way. I say that when the
House of its own free motion failed to protect
the gentleman, every member sitting still in
his seat and forbearing to exercise the right
belonging to him, notwithstanding a direct ap-
peal twice repeated from the gentleman from
Kentucky to exercise that right and screen
him from insult, it is not just for the House
thus acting to visit with undue severity the
gentleman who seeks for himself the protec-
tion which the House refuses to give him.
As I have already remarked, freedom of
debate must be protected; but I submit that
this mode and manner of protection must be
governed by the reason for the protection.
Why should we protect freedom of debate?
Why do we have debate at all? In order that
in the discussion of all questions of public
interest, both great and small, the utmost free-
dom of discussion may be allowed. This is
the right of every one, and should not in the
least be violated or infringed. But I say that
no member should be allowed to take advan-
tage of this freedom of debate thus secured to
assail the personal character of another mem-
ber. Possibly he may have the abstract right
under the rules to do it. It may be his right,
clear and undoubted, to say just what he pleases
in regard to any one whom he may select for
the object of his assault. That, sir, is not in
question now. The question is, suppose he
avails himself of that right, is he entitled to
undue exceptional leniency at the hands of the
House if he abuses the right which it thus
allows him to exercise ? It seems to me he is
not. I think we owe it to ourselves to reform
the evils and abuses that exist in this respect.
We owe it to the dignity of this House and to
the proprieties of our debates to restrain intem-
perate personal abuse, wanton assaults upon
personal character—assaults v/liich throw no
light upon the subjects discussed and only
arouse the passions and just resentments of
those upon whom they are made ; and if there
be any defect in our rules in this regard; if
there be any lack of power in the Speaker's
hands to cheek these evils and prevent abuses
of the freedom of debate which will, unless
checked, inevitably lead to personal collisions
and assaults, I shall take great pleasure in
attempting, with the concurrence and aid of
others, to devise a remedy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOYER obtained the floor.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania yield to me a
moment ?
Mr. BOYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I desire to
inquire whether the amendment which I offered
yesterday is before the House.
The S PE A KEll. It is not. The Chair stated
distinctly that the gentleman had hot power to
move an amendment to the amendment at that
time. The Chair will state the circumstances
as they occurred when the gentleman from
Kentucky endeavored to offer his amendment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] appealed to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. SrAi.niNo] to withdraw the demand for a
separate vote and to have the previous question
upon the pending amendment to the amend-
ment, so that when that was disposed of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania could offer an
amendment to the amendment. The gentle-
man from Ohio consented to that. He de-.
manded the previous question on the amend-
ment to the amendment and withdrew his
demand for a separate vote. When this had
been done the gentleman from Kentucky in-
sisted that he half the right to offer an amend-
ment. The Chair ruled that, as the call for a
separate vote had been withdrawn and the pre-
vious question demanded at the request of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, he had, accord-
ing to usage, the right to move an amendment
to the amendment. He did offer such an
amendment, and that is now the pending prop-
osition. As it is an amendment to an amend-
ment no additional amendment can be offered
at present.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I under-
stand afterwards, when the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond] had the floor, he
yielded to me for the purpose of having my
amendment read. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale]
has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania moved to amend, which is as far
as the rules allow, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania did not offer any
amendment. M
The SPEAKER. He did offer an amend-
ment, to strike out the first and second resolu-
tions and insert that reported by the minority,
which is the pending proposition.
Mr. RAYMOND. I wish to inquire whether
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia overrides the privilege of a member to call
for a separate vote.
The SPEAKER. It does if it is agreed to;
but if it should fail then a separate vote can
be taken on the separate resolutions.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Was it not
the understanding that we should have a sepa-
rate vote?
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from
Ohio withdrew his demand for a separate vote
for the purpose of allowing the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to move an amendment.
Mr. HALE. I raise a question of order,
whether the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, being in the nature of a sub-
stitute for the substitute proposed by my col-
league, it is not now in order to move to
amend the amendment of my colleague in the
way of perfecting it.
The SPEAKER. Both are substitutes.
Mr. HALE. My point is, whether it is not
in order to move to amend the proposition of
my colleague by striking out certain words and
inserting certain others, not making a substi-
tute for it but modifying it.
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] can
modify it himself before the vote is taken.
Mr. HALE. I supposed that any _tnotion
to amend for the purpose of perfecting the
original resolution was in order before adopt-
ing the substitute.
The SPEAKER. It is a substitute for an
entire resolution. If either one was partial in
its character then it could be perfected, but
they are all of them submitted as a whole, and
they cannot be amended by any rule known to
the House.
Mr. RAYMOND. Suppose the resolution
moved by the gentleman from Pennsylvania as
a substitute for the first two should be carried,
will it then be in order to take a separate vote
on the second of the two ?
The SPEAKER. After that substitute shall
have been agreed to no part can be stricken
out; but a majority can add to anything that
has been inserted if it is germane to the sub-
ject.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then if the resolution
moved by the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
adopted and a reprimand is substituted for ex-
pulsion, after that it will bo competent for the
House to pass a resolution disapproving of the
conduct of the gentleman from Iowa.
The SPEAKER. It will be competent for
the House to add to the language of the reso-
lution, but not to add a separate resolution.
It must all be one resolution. No part of
what is ordered to be inserted can be stricken
out. The Chair will refer to the Digest, page 11.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, if 1 had ob-
tained the floor yesterday at the time I sought
it, I perhaps should have discussed at some
length one or two questions involved in this
case. _ At this stage of the debate I shall have
very little to say. I do not find fault with the
committee for having decided that both the
gentleman from Kentucky and the member
from Iowa were guilty of a breach of the priv-
ileges of the House. I do not find fault with
them for having recommended that each should
receive some punishment at the hands of the
House. But I deny the justice of the discrim-
ination in regard to the penalties which they
have recommended, and I take issue with them
upon the doctrine which they proclaim, that no
words can be spoken on the floor of this House
which would in any degree excuse the resent-
ment of them in any other place. The degree
of provocation which one member receives
from another by the use of improper, intem-
perate, and abusive language must always be
taken into consideration when you undertake
to judge of the act which it has provoked. You
may lay down rules, it is true, which provide
for no excuse for an act no matter by what
provocation it may be instigated; but you can-
not repeal the laws of human nature; you can-
not repeal the sense of honor which regulates
the intercourse of gentlemen; you cannot re-
peal the public opinion which justifies a man
for resenting certain gross affronts, whether the
act by which he undertakes to enforce his re-
sentment be according to the strict letter of the
law or not. In this case I cannot bring my
mind to see that the facts 
Mr. O'NEILL. Will my colleague yield for
a question?
Mr. BOYER. Certainly.
Mr. O'NEILL. Do I understand him to
advocate the code of dueling?
Mr. BOYER. No sir; I said nothing to
justify the gentleman in drawing any such in-
ference, and if he waits until I conclude it is
very probable the necessity for the question
will be avoided.
Mr. O'NEILL. I onlyjudge from the tenor
of the gentleman's remarks that he intended
to make that argument.
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman has not yet
heard much of my argument; if he will have a
little patience we shall probably soon have a
better understanding of each other.
T cannot, as I was about to say, bring my
mindto seethe vast distinction which has been
made by the committee between a breach of
privilege which has been committed against this
House by the member from Iowa, and that
committed by the gentleman from Kentucky.
It is difficult to conceive of a personal attack
made by words upon a member of this House
more gross and contrary to the proper order
and decorum of thisbodv, than that which was
made by the member from Iowa upon the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. He called him an
incoherent, brainless defender of the Presi-
dent. He said that as a general he had no
record : that as a soldier he was without cour-
age. He denounced him as a pretender, and
insinuated that he was held in contempt by
General Grant and other officers of the Army.
The member from Iowa was called to order, it
is true, but lie was afterward permitted to go
on to the end. He was twice mildly rebuked
by the Speaker, when invoked by other mem-
bers to interfere, but still he was permitted to
procccd not only in order, but out of order,
until he had exhausted the entire budget of his
foul invective.
I maintain that this House by having allowed
that attack upon the gentleman from Kentucky
to be continued after the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had twice given -warning that unless he
was protected by the House he would be obliged
to protect himself, put itself in the wrong.
By that omission on the part of the House to
extend to the gentleman from Kentucky that
protection to which as a member of this House
lie was entitled, it failed to vindicate its own
dignity as well as the rights of the member so
assailed; and it could not with any degree of
proprietv or justice visit upon the head of the
gentleman from Kentucky tiie penalty which the
committee has proposed. Before the House
can justly punish with severity a member for a
