1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2919
I hope, sir, that we shall hear no more outcry
about the injustice, the inhumanity, and the
want of Christian spirit in thus incorporating into
our Constitution precautionary measures that
will forever prohibit these unfaithful men from
again having any part in the Government. They
have 110 moral right to it; they have forfeited
it by their past conduct. If, hereafter, they
shall show works meet for repentance, and that
they are to be relied upon, this provision con-
tains within it the means by which the disability
may beremoved, and they may be again allowed
to participate in the political administration of
the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word in notice of
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
West Virginia. He and myself and the honor-
able Senator who now occupies the chair [Mr.
Hakkis] are lawyers. We have read of the
atrocious penal code of England, and the num-
ber of crimes that are punishable there by death
and by transportation. We have read also of
some of the benignant principles of law that
characterize the administration of the penal
code of England; and among those principles
is this: it is better, says the iaw, that ninety-
nine guilty men shall escape punishment than
that one innocent man shall be punished. But
the honorable Senator, in the benignity of his
nature, reverses the humane spirit of that
maxim of the law, and lest some men, under
the pretext of having been involuntarily forced
into the military service of the rebellion, should
escape, he is anxious to have them all pun-
ished, guilty and innocent. That is about the
spirit of his remarks. In the administration
of this penal code of England, as it has been
transferred to the United States and to all the
States of America, what is the instruction ren-
dered, I suppose by yourself, sir, if you ever
presided in a criminal court, and certainly by
every judge in America who has presided in a
criminal court?
"If, upon a review of the whole case, you have rea-
sonable doubt of the guilt of the accused, it is your
duty to give the accused the benefit of that doubt,
and to acciuit."
Mr. WILLEY. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say that he totally misinterprets
my remarks. The point of my remarks was
to show that the guilt or innocence of the party
was not the matter at issue; that we were not
trying them for their crimes, but we we^e pro-
viding security for the future peace of the
country.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator is an
American citizen ; he is a patriot; he is a
Senator ; and in addition to that he is a pro-
fessor of the Christian religion, a follower of
the lowly and humble Redeemer, whose death
was given to expiate the sins of a fallen and a
wicked world. What is the spirit that is taught
to him by his Great Teacher? You say for-
give your enemies; you say turn your other
cheek to the man who smites you. You are
taught benevolence and philanthropy and for-
giveness by the precepts of the religion which
the honorable Senator professes, and of which,
1 have no doubt, he is a very exemplary mem-
ber; but it seems to me that he forgot all the
spirit of his Christian charity and faith in the
tenor of the remarks which he made.
The honorable Senator stated another prin-
ciple to which I fully subscribe. It was this:
that the duly of protection by the Government
and the duty of obedience to the Government
are mutual. It is the duty of the citizen to
obey the law; and it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to protect the citizen and to enable
him to perform his obligation to obey the law.
Now, sir, what has been the condition and
what was the condition of things at the com-
mencement of this rebellion? In the State of
Tennessee there were two issues before the
people submitted to the aggregate vote of the
State. The one was whether the State would
call a convention even to consider the sub-
ject of secession, and the other was whether
the State would secede. On the first issue
there were nearly fifteen thousand votes of a
majority of the people of the State of Tennes-
see against the calling of a convention ; and
upon the question of secession there was a
majority of upward of fifty-six thousand votes
in that State against it. How was it in the
State of Virginia, the Senator's own State?
There was a large majority of the people of
Virginia against secession, and that majority
was demonstrated by an actual vote at the
polls of the people. Now, apply the principle
of the honorable Senator. Here was a majority
of fifty-six thousand people in the State of
Tennessee, and a majority of from twelve to
fifteen thousand loyal people in his own State.
They expressed opposition to secession at the
polls. What was the duty and the obligation
of the Government, according to the honora-
ble Senator's own maxim and according to the
universal maxim of justice and humanity as
between governors and governed ? These peo-
ple were anxious to adhere to the Union, to
perforin their duties loyally as citizens. They
expressed that disposition and purpose in the
most solemn manner, and in the State of Ten-
nessee by an overwhelming vote; According
to the honorable Senator's maxim—a princi-
ple to which I yield my hearty assent, and to
which no justand humane man can offera dis-
sent—the Government of the United States
ought to have upheld, supported, aud pro-
tected this fifty-six thousand majority in the
State of Tennessee in their wish and purpose
to adhere to the Union ; and so of the Sen-
ator's own State. Did the Government of the
Union perform its obligation to the people?
The Senator asks triumphantly, was there
ever a Government, in the world, since ,t^e
commencement of time, that so perfectly and-
fully discharged all its obligations to these
people who went into the rebellion? Sir, I
say that at that great crisis, at the time when
the question of loyalty and disloyalty was to
be effectively and finally decided, the Govern-
ment was in flagrant default. It was not in
the act of protecting the majorities in those
States and the people in the other southern
States who were opposed to secession in their
position of fidelity to the Government. None
of the honorable Senator's zeal, none of his
eloquence, none of his vehemence of declama-
tion against these rebels can shake the truth
of that position. The true and loyal men who
constituted large majorities in many of the
southern States were abandoned, or, if they
were not abandoned, they were left wholly with-
out defense and protection by the Government
that he wants now to oppress them. Sir, I tell
the honorable Senator, and it is the truth of
the case, that before the Government of the
United States can hold these men rigorously
to the charge of treason, to the consequences
of treason and rebellion, to its forfeitures, its
punishments, and disabilities, he and those who
favor such a policy ought to be prepared to
demonstrate beyond question that the Govern-
ment performed its duty fully and effectively
toward these people. That cannot be done.
It was not the fact.
Then I assume, upon the gentleman's own
principle and the fair deductions from it, that
every man who was willing to remain faithful
to the Government of the United States, pro-
vided he had received such protection and sup-
port from the Government as would have ena-
bled him to maintain that position, ought to
come under the benefit of the reservation, the
exception of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin. If there is any doubt in discriminat-
ing the guilty from the innocent, those who
ought to receive the immunity from those who
ought not to receive it, I, to save the innocent,
would give it indefinitely to all, just as the
benignant principle of the common law of Eng-
land declares that if there is a doubt, the ac-
cused shall receive the benefit of the doubt,
and that it is better for ninety-nine guilty men
to escape than that one innocent man should
be punished.
But, Mr. President, I do not intend at this
time to enter into a discussion on this subject.
I shall avail myself of the right which the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin said he would.
At a future time, in the progress of this debate,
it is my purpose to enter into it, and to enter
into it with more fullness and detail of princi-
ple and of fact than I have attempted upon
the present occasion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not my intention
now to enter into the discussion of the details
of this proposition. I intend to do so before^-"
the debate closes. The immediate question
before the Senate, as I understand, is to insert
after the words "shall have,'' in the thirty-
seventh line of this third section, the word
"voluntarilyso that it will read:
That no person shall be a Senator or Kepresenta-
tive in Congress, or elector of President and VicePres-
ident, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
Government of the United States, or under any State,
who, having previously taken an oath, as a member
of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or
as a member of any State Legislature, or as an exec-
utive or judicial officer of any State to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have volun-
tarily engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the same, &c.
The proposition is to insert the word "volun-
tarily." It is objected to, I understand. Upon
what ground? I should like some gentleman to
answer the question, upon what ground do Sen-
ators object to the insertion of the word " vol-
untarily?" If am compelled to do a thing
against my will, if I cannot avoid it, shall my
involuntary service be imputed to me as a
crime? Sir, has not the spirit of vengeance
gone far enough? Are you not satisfied with
visiting punishments upon voluntary acts, but
will you also visit them upon involuntary and
unwilling acts? I read in the newspapers that
we live in the nineteenth century, the Christian
age, illuminated from the great East; that we
receive our instructions in religion, morals,
trade, and everything else from New England:
and yet one of these modern doctrines and
modern teachings is this, that involuntary acts
are to be punished 1 That is the direct propo-
sition before the American Senate; and when
an amendment is seriously offered providing
that men who have been constrained by force
to enter into what you call the "rebel" ser-
vice, shall be exempted from criminality, a
star arises in the East, though it may not be
over the plains of Bethlehem, and though it
may not be heralded by the angelic voices
which sang "peace on earth, and good-will to
men," proclaiming, "Though you may have
been constrained and forced to enter that ser-
vice, yet you shall be punished." That is the
enlightenment of the nineteenth century! That
is Christian sentiment as expounded by New
England!
Mr, President, I am surprised at my friend
from West Virginia. No man has a greater
respect for him personally, and for his charac-
ter as a Christian gentleman, than myself. I
have heard him upon the platform inculcating
the precepts of the Christian religion. I pro-
fess, myself, nothing of the kind. I only wish
I possessed it. But he advocates, as I under-
stand, not only that a voluntary criminal act
shall be punished, but that an act done invol-
untarily, against the will—that is the meaning
of it—by compulsion and per force, shall be
visited criminally.
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir ; the Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Explain the word
"voluntarily" then, which is the word it is
proposed to insert.
Mr. WILLEY. Does the Senator ask me to
explain it, or will he allow me to explain it?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish to state, Mr. Presi-
dent, most distinctly, that I exclude the idea
of punishment utterly from this amendment.
It is not the philosophy of the amendment;
it is not the principle upon which it is founded.
I am not discussing the matter whether it is
criminal or not. I only say that this is a pre-
cautionary, not a penal measure, looking to
the future, not to the past; but that in looking
to the future, and in providing for it, it is very
right and proper to look to the past, to sea
whether we may trust men in the future who
have been faithless in the past.
