3880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17.,
breach of its privileges it should see that he
has no cause of complaint for not having had
that protection which the rules of the House
and the rules of decorum afford him.
In the British Parliament they manage these
matters in a different way, and I desire to call
the attention of the House to the rules and
usage in the House of Lords and the House
of Commons in this particular. There they
are swift to punish any breach of the privileges
of Parliament; but tiiey begin by extending
to the member first assailed the most ample
protection. They do not permit the occasion
to pass without visiting upon the member who
offends by the personal abuse of another the
rebuke which ho deserves for the violation of
the dignity of the body to which he belongs.
In the House of Lords the following rule pre-
vails, having been enacted as long ago as 1026.
I quote from May's Law and Usage of Parlia-
ment, page 310:
" To prevent misunderstanding and for avoiding of
offonsive speeches whon matters are debating, either
in the House or at committees, it is for honor sake
thought, lit and so ordered that all personal, sharp,
©r taxing speeches bo forborne; and whosoever a.n-
rfwereth another man's speeeh shall apply his answer
to tho nuitter without wrong to the person; and as
no'.hing ofiensive is to be spoken, so nothing is to bo
ill taken if tho party that speaks it shall presently
make a fair exposition or clear denial of the woids
that. might bear any ill construction; and if any of-
fence be given in that kind, as the House itself will
he very sensible thereof, so it will sharply eensure
the offender and give the party offended a fitropara-
tion and a lull satisfaction."
In the House of Commons substantially the
same rule prevails. The author says:
_ "The House of Commons will insist upon the offen-
sive word-, being withdrawn, and upon an ample apol-
ogy being made, winch shall satisfy both the House
and the member to whom the offense has been given.
If the apology be refused, or if the offended member
decline to express his satisfaction, the House take
immediate measures for preventing the quarrel trom
being pursued fm ther by committing both the nieni-
bei,-, tu the custody of the sergeant.''
In a notable instance when, in the beat of
debate, personalities were resorted to by Mr.
Fox iu his debate with Mr. Wedderburne, and
he was about to leave the House without hav-
ing made an apology, the doors were locked,
and he was kept iu the hall until he had satis-
lied the House for his offense against its dig-
nity. and had by an apology rendered a proper
reparation to the injured member.
Sir, if the Congress of the United States
were to adopt and enforce such rules as those
there would be no excuse for a gentleman on
account of abusive words made use of against
him in debate to resort to a cane or to any
other instrument for the infliction of personal
chastisement in a case like this. Because
when the House had judged of the ease, and
had exacted the amount of reparation which it
deemed to be due that would put an end to
controversy. But that is the very thing which
the House neglected to do in this case.
It is scarcely worth while for the majority
of the committee to tell us that there can be
no such thing as an excuse for a gentleman
under any circumstances resorting to redress
outside of the House for slanders uttered in
debate. Public sentiment in such cases, if it
does not prescribe the law on the statute-book,
will make the law which in effect repeals and
supplies it. Bad as it is this is perhaps not the
worst case of personal abuse that might be
imagined. Is there a gentleman upon this floor
who cannot imagine a slander repeated against
him or his, not to resent which would make
him a mark for the contempt of any community
in which he happened to live ? There are offenses
of that kind which might bo committed which
any member's constituency would justify him
in resenting by a eastigation even still more
severe than that administered to the member
from Iowa. Not only is the provocation to be
taken into consideration, but before this House
can decide justly in this case it must consider
the neglect of its own duty in not having pro-
vided against this contingency by the prompt
enforcement of its own rules.
Now, sir, while the committee recommend
that expulsion, the very highest penalty which
the House can inflict, shall be visited upon the
member from Kentucky, they only recommend
that the House express its disapprobation of
the conduct of the member from Iowa. They
simply say, to use their own words, that his
act "merits the disapprobation of the House."
And I say, therefore, that while the penalty
which is thus recommended to be inflicted upon
the gentleman from Kentucky is, beyond all
reason, excessive, that which is proposed to
be inflicted upon the gentleman from Iowa is
unreasonably mild.
Gentlemen talk about the freedom of debate,
and say that it must be preserved. So it must,
but not to such an extent as that the moment a
gentleman becomes a member of this House he
therefore is clothed at once with an unlimited
license to become a blackguard. When gen-
tlemen, by their election to thisliouse, win for
themselves the designation of ''honorable,"
that is surely no reason why they should less
observe the amenities of decent society or that
they should cease to have a proper regard for
the feelings of others.
The offense committed in this case by the
member from Iowa, the committee oven say
was as great an offense of that nature as could
be conceived of. According to the report of
the committee in their finding of the facts, the
language used by the member from Iowa was
malicious and vile in spirit, and utterly false
in fact. It was used, too, against a man upon
whom no better eulogy can be pronounced than
that which was contained in the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] the
chairman of the select committee, who re-
ported the resolutions of the'majority. But
he concludes that, therefore, because the
character of General Rousseau is exalted,
the more fit subject is he for punishment on
account of the offense with which he stands
charged. Ill this, too, 1 differ with the gen-
tleman from Ohio. 1 say rather that the higher
the character of General ilo csseau, the greater
is the offense which has been committed by the
member from Iowa in thus falsely and mali-
ciously assailing him on this floor. Let the
House, therefore, before it judges the gentle:
man from Kentucky, judge itself. Let this
House see whether it has done its own duty in
this matter—whether it has interposed when
it should have interposed and afforded to the
gentleman from Kentucky such protection and
reparation as deprived him of all reasonable
excuse for afterward taking his character and
his honor into his own keeping. This is the
question which the House must first decide
before it can justly decide against him upon
cither of the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee. Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder
of my time to my colleague, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, this House
is sitting as a court of justice in the discharge
of an unpleasant duty to itself and the coun-
try, growing out of a personal difficulty between
two of its members, and however much we may
regret the occurrences which have called forth
this investigation and now demands our action,
we owe it to ourselves, to the country, and to
posterity as well as to the gentlemen arraigned,
that we should free our minds of all possible
bias, personal or partisan, and discuss and de-
cide these questions with strict impartiality and
according to our best judgment. Andinasmuch
as the questions involved are of a judicial
nature, I propose to discuss them as if they
were pending in a court of justice, and for this
purpose I adopt the majority report of the
committee so far as the statement of facts is
concerned, and viewing them from the impar-
tial position or stand-point which my personal
and political relations toward the gentlemen
more immediately involved warrant me in
claiming, I proceed at once to state some of
the reasons which have led me to conclusions
different from those of the committee.
The admission of the honorable chairman of
the committee that the paragraph in the report
which refers to Colonel Pennybaker, Colonel
Grigsby, and Dr. McGrew, as having been pres-
ent at the assault and battery "as friends" of
General Rousseau should not be held to mean
that they were there by any previous arrange-
ment of that gentleman, relieves the case of
much difficulty; and he having also admitted
that the testimony warrants a correction of that
part of the report which affirms that Mr. Grin-
nelt, was not actuated by malice or personal
, feelingtoward Mr. Rousseau, another ugly feat-
ure in the report falls to the ground, and with
it must also fall the censure that is directed
toward Colonel Grigsby and Dr. McGrew for
being present with loaded pistols. For if they
were not there as friends of General Rousseau
by previous arrangement, it will be difficult to
hold them, and much more difficult and unrea-
sonable to hold liim responsible for their pres-
ence upon that occasion, and inasmuch as no
use was attempted or previously intended to
be made of those weapons, the fact of their
existence there at the time can have nothing
to do with the case except to embarrass it.
Stripped, therefore, of all cumulative matter,
the case stands briefly as follows: Mr. Gnrs-
xell feeling himself insulted at some allusion
which General Rousseau made to him at a
mass meeting in New York, in which he was
referred to as "one Grinnell," and also at
some allusions which were made to him in this
House, which all agree were parliamentary,
took occasion to obtain unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation and in the course
of that explanation used language which was
not only unparliamentary, but of a character
the most offensive that it is possible to con-
ceive; language which, if believed, must trans-
mit the name of General Rousseau to poster-
ity with everlasting infamy. Called to order,
ho resumed his seat, and up to this hour, al-
though his attention has been called to this
matter by the raising of the committee, by the
investigation before that committee, by the re-
port of' the committee, and by the debate on
this floor, yet ho has maintained a most sullen
silence, and has not even suggested or allowed
any suggestion to be made that he is willing to
olfer any apology to the House for this viola-
tion of its order, decorum, and dignity ; much
less has he shown any disposition to apologize
td General Rousseau for his assault upon him,
nor has he signified his willingness to retract
the imputation of cowardice which he has made
toward a gallant and brave officer of the Army,
although the united voice of the whole country,
the sentiment of this House and ail the ma,iters
relating to this investigation concur in denoun-
cing his statement as having no foundation in
truth, but made without any personal knowl-
edge of his own, and upon information which,
to say the least of it, is false.
Yet, sir, by the majority report we are called
upon to expel the one and to say that we dis-
approve of the course of the other. This I
cannot do. I had doubt of our authority to
disapprove because of the technical objection
that the words were not specifically objected to
and by request taken down in writing at the
time, but 1 now agree with the Speaker that
they were objected to, and inasmuch as our
corps of most efficient and faithful reporters
did in this case, and always do, put in writing
all words spoken in debate or otherwise upon
the floor, they were taken down, not by any
special request, but under the general regula-
tion substantially according to the facts , so I
have no longer any difficulty on that score.
The language having been used while occu-
pying the floor of the House, and being clearly
unparliamentary and highly offensive. I have
no hesitation in entering my unqualified disap-
proval of it, nor have I any doubt of our au-
thority to do so under the rules of this House.
This disposed of, we come to the proposition
to expel the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Rousseau,] and very naturally we ask the ques-
tion, why expel the one and not the other?
Before I can vote to expel one who holds his
seat by the same right that I hold mine, and
thus deprive an American constituency of its
rightful and chosen Representative on this floor,
I must be well satisfied of its forfeiture and of
my right to pronounce it.
So far as General Rousseau and his acts are
