2920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before I proceed to
reply to the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator I will state that I was surprised yesterday
to hear the honorable chairman of the Judiciary
Committee say, in the discussion of this ques-
tion, that this section was not one which in-
flicted pains and penalties. He said that no
case could be found, that no authority could
be cited for that position. I did not interrupt
him at the time, but I will say now, before I
proceed to reply to the honorable Senator from
West "V irginia, that if the honorable Senator
from Illinois, who is chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, had looked into the case ex parte
Dorsey, reported in 7 Peters's Alabama Re-
ports, lie would have found the whole doctrine
explained. It was a case into which I had
occasion to look many years ago. He there
would have seen this whole doctrine of what
pains and penalties are in a legislative act, or
in a constitutional prohibition.
Without arguing that question I come back
to my friend from West Virginia. He has not
answered what I said. He only says that lie
means something in the future; he does not
mean anything that has transpired. Now, sir,
what does this provision mean ? Does it not
mean, is it not intended to apply, to that which
has transpired? Are you going, and is that
the object of your legislation, to provide for
some contingency in the future ? Is it not
apparent to everybody, does not everybody
know that this is not a measure to have an
operation infutu.ro, but itis a measure to have
an operation in prcesenti, to apply to existing
cases?
Then, sir, I return to my original suggestion,
and I cali upon my honorable friend from West
Virginia, or anybody else, to assign a reason
why it is that when a man is compelled to do
an act, when he has no freedom of choice, he
shall be punished for doing it. The proposed
amendment .only exempts from the conse-
quences of this section those who have invol-
untarily done these acts. And yet, sir, we here
in the year 18G6, which has been illuminated
by the fulminations which have come up from
New England and the northern pulpits, the
enlightenment which has been spread all over
this continent, that an involuntary act, an act
done against the will, contrary to the choice
of the individual, is to be visited with highly
penal consequences. That is your Christian-
ity ; that is your morality; that is your civili-
zation ; and on the floor of the Senate of the
United States gentlemen who are known in the
Christian world as rostrum monitors in behalf
of what are called Christian principles, are
found advocating such a doctrine. I say these
things in no disrespect to the honorable Sen-
ator from West Virginia. He knows that.
But, sir, the spirit, the animus of the proposi-
tion, is only the spirit, the animus that char-
acterizes the entire legislation of Congress at
the present time.
Six years ago wc were a happy, united peo-
ple. No people on the face of the earth in so
short a' time had ever so rapidly increased in
numbers and grown in power. From thirteen
feeble colonies we had grown to be thirty-odd
great States. Our flag floated from ocean to
ocean and from Lake to Gulf. Upon every
mountain-top that flag was planted, and in
every valley anthems of praise to this glorious
Union were sung. The burdens of Govern-
ment were unfelt by the humblest and by the
highest citizen. We were at peace am ong our-
selves and at peace with all the world. In
those days there were some exceptions. In
certain quarters of the country the Sabbath was
desecrated and the pulpit dishonored by talking
of grievances which nobody experienced. A
remedy was sought, and the great Republican
party was brought into existence to remedy
those evils. It came into existence. From
1787 till 1860 we had advanced as no nation,
as the history of the world will show, ever did
advance. We were happy, prosperous, and
free. The party to which my honorable friend
from West Virginia now attaches himself, and
to which in former years I believe he did not
belong, was to remove some imagined evils.
It came forward and triumphed, and what have
been the fruits of its triumph? A dissevered
Union; a war lasting for four long years; a
public debt of $4,000,000,000; every household
draped in mourning; and every eye bathed in
tears. That is the consolation that they have
brought to us; that is the remedy they have
afforded us. And yet, sir, in the pride of
power and in the audacity of supposed supe-
riority, they turn upon us, who have faithfully
and consistently stood by the Union of these
States, and wo hear, hissing from their voice,
as the words issued from the mouth of the ser-
pent that uncoiled itself among the flowers of
Eden, "copperhead," "rebel sympathizer."
Mr. President, I have said more than I in-
tended to say; but before this constitutional
amendment is finally disposed of I propose to
discuss certain questions here. I know what
will be said about it in certain presses of the
country. I never read one of them under any
circumstances, and do not care what they say;
but I know they will apply these epithets to
me. But, sir, before this joint resolution is
finally disposed of I propose to discuss certain
questions. I will state the questions that I pro-
pose to discuss, and gentlemen who take excep-
tion to them may as well look up their author-
ities. I say that whenever a government de
facto is established, although there may be a
government dejure, every person yielding obe-
dience to the government de facto is excused,
not to be punished for it; he is no traitor, and
he is not liable to be hanged nor quartered.
That is one question. I propose to discuss
another question, without stating my opinion
now with reference to it: whether any man in
what was called the confederate States who
acted under the authority and by compulsion
of that government, can be visited with pun-
ishment. My opinion of it may be inferred
from the statement of the proposition; and let
me say to my friends on the other side that if
they propose to combat these principles, they
had better be prepared with the authorities.
The principle I have just mentioned is not only
founded in law, but it is founded in the teach-
ings of the fathers.
Why, sir, you are drawing a great bill of
indictment in this proposition against a whole
community, indicting them all as criminals,
rebels, and traitors. The thing is abhorrent
to the instincts of humanity. What, sir, indict
a whole community, simply because there is
an imaginary line between them, as guilty of
treason; that they are all traitors, ail crimi-
nals. The thing is impossible. How would
you feel, sir, how should I feel, if a gentleman
south of the Potomac, that we believed to b.e
a gentleman, should come and extend to us
his hand V Would we not take it? If we took
it would we not take it as a gentleman? If we
believed that he was a traitor, that the crime
of treason was upon his soul, the greatest crime
known to the law, would we take his hand?
Would you, sir? No, you would spurn it,
and so would every honest man.
I know that the sentiments that I entertain
and the opinions I avow are unpopular; but
what do I eare about that? The office of a man
intrusted with public position is as much to
make public opinion as to be governed by it.
If he discharges his office correctly and hon-
estly, though for the moment the discharge of
that duty may be unpopular, it will not be long
before the public voice will say that he is right.
The great difficulty in this whole case lias been
that there has been a clamor in one section of
the country against a subdued and fallen foe, and
it is popular to cry out for blood and vengeance,
and legislation is being shaped in conformity
to that demand of an excited public opinion. I
choose to say, for one, I heed not the clamor.
Let it come with the whirlwind's power; let it
come in the tornado's blast; let it come in the
earthquake's shock; I stand unmoved amid
the clamor for blood and vengeance. I heed
it not. I will not listen to it. It is the voice of
error; and it will not be long before the Ameri-
can people, North and South, will awaken and
listen to the voice of reason. This cry for blood
and vengeance cannot last forever. The eter-
nal God, who sits above, whose essonce is love,
and whose chief attribute is mercy, says to all
His creatures, whether in the open daylight or
in the silent hours of the night, "Be charitable;
be merciful."
But, sir, let me make another remark in
reference to this matter. It will be misinter-
preted, I know. My motives will be misinter-
preted. My position will be misinterpreted.
No man will misinterpret it to my face. It is
this: recollect that south of the Potomac upon
which your amendment is to operate there is
a country extensive enough for more even than
one empire. It is inhabited by millions of peo-
ple. They are men who have honestly engaged
in resisting your authority, as you have honestly
maintained your authority. By the force of
arms you have overcome them. They have
yielded to that power against which they could
not contend. But, sir, there are hundreds and
thousands and millions of women and children
there who have had nothing to do in what you
say was an unlawful resistance to your author-
ity. You tax all those people. You do not
allow them a voice upon this floor. They are
unheard. They cannot say a word. They
have no representation here. If the eternal
God was to send an archangel from heaven to
plead their cause I do not believe he would be
heard in legislative halls. I say that with no
disrespect to the Senate. I am only speaking
with reference to the spirit of the times. Your
legislation affects that great class of people.
Taxation without representation is abhorrent
to every American mind. The denial of rep-
resentation caused your fathers in revolution-
ary times, feeble as they were, to appeal to the
God of battles for the arbitrament of the con-
test. And yet, sir, with all their lessons before
us; with the illustrious example of George
Washington; with the example of the noble
men who signed the Declaration of Independ-
ence, pledging their lives, their fortunes, and
their sacred honor to maintain their declara-
tion that taxation without representation was
a principle to which no freeman could submit,
you exclude from your halls of legislation
eleven of the States of this Union, twenty-two
Senators from this Chamber; and in their ab-
sence you propose to pass and to submit to
them a constitutional amendment.
Mr. President, if they are not fit to be rep-
resented here, are they in any sense fit to have
such a proposition submitted to them? They
are either in the Union or out of the Union.
If they are in the Union, the Constitution says
that every State shall be represented by two
Senators upon this floor. They have elected
their Senators; they have presented themselves
here; but you say they shall not be admitted;
and yet in the face of your own act, and in
violent inconsistency with your own act, you
propose to submit to them a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States.
I ask you, sir, if they are not in a condition to
be represented upon this floor, are they in a
condition to have a proposition of this kind
submitted to them?
The only proposition that I have seen in
Congress—I will not refer to the proceedings
of the other House—which is consistent with
congressional action is the proposition of a
gentleman from Pennsylvania, from the city
of Lancaster, by the name of Tiiaddeus Ste-
vens. He treats them as out of the Union,
having no part or parcel in it, and lie proposes
to govern them as districts and sections of
country subject to the authority of the United
States, but not being part or parcel of it.
While I think that proposition is perfectly un-
tenable, yet viewing your legislation in the
light in which I conceive it, I say ho has inter-
preted the whole theory of the system. I have
no respect for him as a legislator, and do not
know him as a man.
Now, sir, is it possible that there are three
men on the floor of this Senate who honestly
believe that the people down South are all
traitors? The law says that treason is the
