1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
from California;" I wilt speak of the superb
Senator with the superior voice. Ihereisa
little story told of one of thebestmen in Amer-
ica—Mr. "Pettigru, of Charleston. South Caro-
lina. Having advocated a cause in which he
had occasion to denounce the client of the
opposite counsel and Lis family for having
been guilty of perjury, the fighting man of the
family came from the mountains, which are a
branch of the Allegbanies in that region, and
came up to Mr. Pettigru, who was walking
along in the old-fashioned style, with his green
bag under his arm. This big, tall fellow came
up and said to hi in, "You are a God damned
liar." Mr. Pettigru did not notice it. Then
said lie, "You arc a damned scoundrel.'' Mr.
Pettigru did not pretend to see him at all, but
walked along toward home, like a gentleman.
"Mr. Pettigru," said he, then, "you are a
God damucd son of a bitch."
The PRESIDENTtempore. The Chair
thinks the repetition of suelx stories is disor-
derly, and ought not to be indulged in in the
Senate.
_ Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well, then, I will
give the climax of the thing, which I think
will not be rude, because it was done by agen-
tleman. When lie said this, Mr. Petligru
knocked him down, and said to him, "You
may lie as much as you please, but this is the
way I notice such remarks as you made lasf."
Now, I say simply, as these are lies, they do
not undignify me, for I am conscious of my
own rectitude.
Now, let me pursue this matter one step fur-
ther. I am not going to be disorderly. I will
give what is due to myself and to the other
Senator from California. In the year 183"2 I
determined to be a candidate for the Federal
Congress a few days before the convention of
my party met, when my colleague, the other
Senator from California, professed to be of the
same party with myself. After notifying my
friends at home in San Francisco, I took
vessel and went to Sacramento, the seat of
government. I arrived there after midnight,
and early in the morning I arose to see my
friends there and notify them of the fact that I
would be a candidate for their suffrages. What
happened then is the basis of all this. I walked
down stairs, and at the door of the hotel 1
found a Senatorof my State whom I knew well
and who bad invited me to be a candidate. I
said to him, "Captain Walton. 1 have changed
my mind since I saw you." The Senator had
invited me with great earnestness, had spent
some days in inducing me to become a candi-
date fortlie Federal House of Representatives.
Said I, "I have changed my mind ; I have
determined to become a candidate." Hesaid
to m^, calling me "General." which was my
soubriquet. "1 regret it: you know how ear-*
nestly i urged von to become a candidate, and
after leaving you I immediately went to the
city of Stockton and ofiered my support to
Major Hammond," who had then been Speaker
of the lionse of .Representatives of the State.
Said 1. "Certainly, 1 remember your kindness,
and under the circumstances I cannot ask
your support.'' A man was introduced to me
at that time by Captain Walton whom I ad-
dressed with the cordiality that belongs to
western habits. He said, "Captain Walton
does not own all the county of 151 Dorado ; I
have as much to say about that as he has, and
I am going there this morning by stage. In the
county of El Dorado you are more highly re-
garded, and with proper opportunities you
can obtain our suffrages, and I will see that
you are properly represented." The man
being a stranger to me, that being the first
opportunity of his coining within my vision, I
did not relv on that, and sent to El Dorado,
one of the principal counties of my State. After
having advised my friends that I was a candi-
date, I returned to the city of Benicia, where
the convention was held.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would desire to con-
clude my sentence; I have not completed it.
Mr. DOOEII'TLE. The Senator is entitled
to the floor, but I desire to call the attention
of the Senator to a fact, if he has no objection.
That fact is that the question under considera-
tion is in regard to this Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But this is a personal
controversy, and I wish to state the controversy
as it is. Permit me to proceed. I shall not
take three minutes. I want to state the cause
why.
The convention met four days thereafter. I
was well advised that the person who had vol-
unteered El Dorado to me had become my
adversary. He came to the convention with
his followers. He did not call upon me, but
cast his vote against me. I was not troubled,
because I was advised; I was forewarned and
forearmed. After I was nominated on the first
ballot, by a handsome majority, he came to me
and said, "I congratulate you, sir, as a Rep-
resentative from the State of California.'' Said
I, "Sir, I do not know how well you can con-
gratulate me, or how well you can afford to
offer me your hand. You had given me the
assurances of support, and you made a speech
against the person who seconded my nomina-
tion, and cast your vote against me. You have
a right to change your opinions, and I not being
informed of the reason why you cast your vote
against me, must say that to me, without infor-
mation, it looks much like treachery. Permit
me to inquire, if you had a cause, why you did
not give me the explanation, and inform me,
first, that you had changed your opinion, and
secondly, the reason why." "Oh," said he, "I
found out that you are too much of a southern
man for me;" and he cast his vote for a man
who had sent a circular around for establishing
slavery in California.
Sir, those men who have wronged you once,
and know they have wronged you, will always
be your adversaries. I do not speak otherwise
than as can be interpreted by the Senator across
the way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is not the desire
of Senators to have a vote on the bill which is
immediately before the Senate, I will move its
postponement with a view to take up the bill
that was under consideration the other day for
the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels-of-war and steam machin-
ery, and upon which 1 was submitting some
remarks to the Senate at the time an adjourn-
ment. took place. If Senators think we cau
reach a vote on this bill to-day—I desire a vote
upon it—I shall not interpose the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we can soon come
to a vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest, inasmuch as
an important amendment has been offered by
the Senator from Iowa, that the bill had better
go over and let that amendment be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I will not object to that.
But I beg leave to make one single remark
before the subject passes over this morning.
It was observed by the Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Coxxess,] that he supposed the lands
on the route marked upon the map which I
have furnished had been withheld from the
market for the benefit of the company. In
that respect I think the honorable Senator has
been misinformed.
Mr. CONN ESS. I rather asked it as a ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. Such is not the fact. The
lands upon the route marked upon the map
have not been reserved at the Department of
the Interior, as I have been informed, and I
think that the company have made no progress
whatever in regard to this road. Whether they
have made an actual survey of the route marked
down on the map is more than I am able to
say. I apprehend, however, that they have not.
Possibly they may have surveyed a portion of
the route, but I apprehend they have not sur-
veyed it all.
In thig connection I beg leave to be indulged
in one further remark: the statute of Iowa
authorizing the establishment of corporations
of this description, which are called in the stat-
ute "associations," requires that the articles
of association whieh-stand as the charter of the
company, taken in connection with the general
act, should set forth the conditions and times
on which the stock of the company is to be paid
in—a very important provision as I regard it—
the object of the statute being to require the
actual payment in,«at certain times to be fixed
by the articles of association, of the capital of
the company. The Sioux City company, in their
articles of association, seem to have overlooked
that very important clause in the general stat-
ute of Iowa, and in their articles they say:
"The capital stock of said company shall be
$6,000,000, which shall be divided into shares of $100
each, and may be taken by individuals and corpo-
rations, to be paid in such installments as said com-
pany may require, and undersuch rules, regulations,
and restrictions as may be provided by the board of
directors.'*
Leaving the whole matter of the payment of
stock by the stockholders discretionary with the
board of directors, who may call it in or omit
toeallitin, as they choose. They may call it in
at one time or another time, as they may choose.
There being no time fixed in the articles of
association for calling in the capital stock, it
would seem that if the board of directors were
so disposed, they might omit entirely to require
the payment of any cash capital by any stock-
holder of the company, which certainly, as I
think, would be a violation of the general act
of Iowa to which I have referred. Whether
tbey could construct this road out of the sub-
sidy and the lands, I do not know ; but 1 must
confess, looking at the articles of association,
it appears tome very much as if that were their
purpose, not intending on their part to make
any very liberal contributions in cash.
Mr. GRIMES. I hardly suppose that the
Senate is prepared to sit as a court of appeals
to decide whether or not corporations created
by the State of Iowa under their laws are valid
or not. All that I have to say in reply to the
Senator from Michigan- is, that I know several
of the persons who are connected with this
company. I know that they are very pure
men, very able men, and aje capable of build-
ing the road; and I think that they probably
are as well qualified to discharge this duty as
the gentlemen who compose the adverse com-
pany, with the members of which I suppose
the Senator is familiar, for I believe they are
generally from the town in which he has his
residence. I have no doubt the persons who
are seeking to get the control of this road in
opposition to the company to which the grant
was made by the President are all very re-
spectable people; but the charter, as I sup-
pose, and have believed, and am informed, is
in strict accordance with the laws of the State
of Iowa.
Mr. HOWARD. It was not my intention
to sit as a judge upon the question whether
this Sioux City company is legally incorporated
or not. That, was the farthest possible thing
from my mind. I felt it a duty, however, to
call the attention of the Senate to this impor-
tant fact, and it will have such weight as Sen-
ators choose to give it.
As to the other company to which the Sena-
tor alluded, I have only knowledge of but one
or two members of it. Very few, however, of
the members of the company to which the Sen-
ator refers, reside at Detroit; and as to those,
I can assure the Senator that they are gentle-
men of the highest responsibility and untar-
nished honesty and honor as business men—
men who would delight in exercising the priv-
ilege of carrying through this important work
as expeditiously as possible; men who would
be sure to accomplish their object. As to the
character of the stockholders of the Sioux
City company, I know much less of them than
the honorable Senator from Iowa does. I pre-
sume, however, they are all excellent business
men—men of responsibility. I have been so
told; but I cannot, just at this point, suppress
the tact appearing before us id" public docu-
ments now on our tables, that three of the
stockholders, three of the members of the
board of directors of that company, are mem-
bers of the present Congress—members of the
House of Representatives. I think it proper
