1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
fts returned by the insppotrtr and judges of election.
Evidcncc is offerod tending to show that Mr. Wash-
burn, in laot, received at said poll 32 votes, being S
more than were returned for hxm. But to make up
this number we have to count the votes of 8 persons,
(to wit, Lewis R. Mathes, J ames 11. Beck, Lacy "W ood,
Pleasant Posey, Abraham Briant, Andrew Gearincr,
Jacob W. Beck, and James Jowett,)who testify that
they voted for Mr, Washburn, but who-cannot them-
selves write their names; and of 3 others^ (to wit,
LewisSolomon, Philip Solomon, and Frederick Ilri-
kle,) who were not produced orsworn, but whose votes
were testified to by others.
"In Ililey township. Vigo county, Mr. Voorhees
received 173 votes, and Mr. Washburn 88 votes, as
returned by the inspector and judges. The contest-
ant has evidence tending to show that ho in fact re-
ceived 107 votes at said poll, being 19votes more than
were returned for him. But to make up this addi-
tional 19 votes wo have to count tho votes of 10 per-
sons, (to wit, Levi Creach, Solomon Drown, William
Eair, James lI.CHlerease, John llancy, John Taylor,
Ezra M. Lowe, Ucorgo Brown, Alexander Green,
William Sahunon, William Henry, John B. Creech,
Itase Lynn, J. W.Smith, Isaac Lowo. and Abraham
Latta,) who swear that they votedfor Mr. Washburn,
but who cannot themselves write their names; and
of 12 others, (to wit. Hush Mn.ynnrd, David Jo.-d'm,
James Frankliu, George Bobo, RobortLoak, Timolhy
lligfiuns, Alonzo Ash, John Bowers, David Ward.
Ilcniy Lee, James JVI. Pcarco, and Amos Hieksou,)
who were not sworn or examined, but whoso votes
were toUtied to by others.
" It appears, then, from this analysis of the evidence
that in the lour townships named there were returned
forMr.W;ushburn 313 votes, and that taking everything
that has tho semblance of legal ovidence on tho part
of the contestant, it tends to prove that in those four
townships ho received votes, being 75 more than
what were returned for him. But that to make up this
additional 7o votes wo have to count tho votes of 51
men who, whilo they swenr that they voted for the
contestant, show, by making their marks to their sig-
natures, that thoy cannot write their names; and 28
others who tiro not orodueed or sworn, but whose
votes aro testified to by others."
But it is ur^od that a fraud was commit,tod at
Riley township, wliirh rests upon tho, ftvidoucc
of ono Mary Lowo, a servant girl, as she is
termed in the report of the committee. She,
too, however, is one of that large number of
wilnossoH called in this ease who cannot write
lier name, but atHxcs to her deposition that sign
of tho cross in which L .suppose the victory is to
be won. I again ({note tne nuuority report:
" But wo have also the testimony of Mary Lowe, a
servant girl, who cannot wiitc Uor itaiiic, and win)
testifies tbut on Iho next morning after tho eleetion
she found some ' Republican ti< kets' under tho car-
pet behind the door iu Dr. Ihekson'n room. How
many tickets vroro tbcicV Wo don't know, iiow
did  iho know tiuit they were Itepublican tickets?
Could she read them? Wo are not informed. Whose
names were on them? Was Mr. Washburn's? Wete
they I pi spared for that or Cor some former elec-
tion? lor that or some other State or district? Had
thoy <;vci been m a ballot-box anywhere, or in the
hands of a \ oter of the district, or ot any elector any
where? Wo are not informed. No witness under-
takes or attempts to give us such information. If a.
clamor had not, been raided could wo couM-ientiouj-ly
sny lhat this <n ideuei; raises even a. shadow of sus-
picion against any one? And upon such evidence we
are a.sUcd bv the mere (orce of numbers (o vote Mr.
Voorhces out and Mr, Washburn into Oowrro's, con-
trary, as we eontidently assert, to the clearly ami le-
gally expressed will of tho electors of the district."
Something has been Paid about the fact (lint
I took no testimony. i have an answer to thai.
At one turns 1 intended to have done so, bul
eircumstanees over which 1 had no control, and
ol" a private nature, prevented me. It', how-
ever, there is no case made out against, me, I
presume my commission, signed by the Gov-
ernor, will be all the evidence 1 want.
Sir, I have thus discussed the action of the
committee in detail. I have shown how tri-
fling is the evidence on which it is based. But
for I he sake of argument suppose wo admit
all that Mr. Washburn claims. Suppose we
admit lie has proven that he ought to have
received a hundred more votes than he did.
Does it follow that therefore tho voles which
were casl for me, and concerning which there is
no questiuii of illegality raised, shall be totally
rejected? WiJI you disfranchise a thousand
legal voters on such grounds? What is the
object in contesting an election? Js it not
to ascertain who has the most legal votes by
a recount upon all the evidence that can be.
furnished? Who doubts in this ease as to
where the legal majority rests? The contest-
ant himself makes no pretense that he received
more votes than I did, nor as many, according
to his own estimate, by near four hundred : but
you are asked to enforco^n arbitrary and tech-
nical rule, founded neither in law or justice,
in order to reduce my majority by taking away
votes as pure and legal as any which ever up-
held an election, llie true rule of law is as it
is found in the statutes of Indiana, and I am
defending my rights here according to her laws
as well as the laws of the States and Federal
Government generally. I quote from 1 Gavin
& Hord, Statutes of Indiana, page 318:
" No irregularity or malconduct of any member'or
officer of a board of judges or canvassers shall set
;r-'me tho election of any person nnless such irregu-
larity or malconduct was such as to cause the con-
tcstce to be declared elected wlien ho had not re-
ceived the highest number of legal votes; nor shall
uny election be set aside for illegal votes, unless the
number thereof given to the contcstce, it taken from
him, would icducc the number of his legal votes bo-
low tho number of lesral votes given to somo other
peioon for the samo oflice."
Sir, where is the evidence of irregularity or
malconduct on the part of any officer connected
with this election which caused me to be de-
clared elected when I had not in fact received
the highest number of legal votes ? There is
not a syllable of such proof. Where is the evi-
dence that I received illegal votes which, if taken
from mo, would reduce my majority of 534 to a
minority? Nowhere. Allow me the votes whose
legality no one questions, and allow the con-
testant all he claims to have received, and I
am content. ] Jut if it is determined, upon the
doubtful evidence of sixty-eight persons, fifty-
nine of whom can neither read or write, to dis-
franchise legal voters by tho thousand, do not,
1 pray, pretend that you are sustained by law
or reason. Place it, then, on tho ground which
the country at large will assign for the basis of
your action, that f am to be expelled simply
because you have the power to do it. Either
indorse tho first action of the committee or avow
the reasons which impelled them to make the
second. But as you advance to the accomplish-
ment of your object reconcile one thing more.
Mr. Washburn contends, and so does the com-
mittee now, though not so at first, that he was
extensively robbed of his votes, yet this much-
injured gentleman received 137 moro votes than
did Abraham Lincoln three weeks afterward,
lie outran Abraham Lincoln 137 votes, and yet
a vast number of votes were stolcn.from him.
Marvelous man 1 What he could have done
if hu had only had a fair chance is beyond the
scope of the boldest imagination to conceive,
lie beat Abraham Lincoln on the first trial very
decidedly. What he could do in au open field
fight with George Washington remains some-
what in doubt. When this point was suggested
by me before the committee, thegentleman, with
that rare modesty which so well becomes young
and rising greatness, asserted,with greatspright-
liness of manner, and, I have no doubt, with the
utmost sincerity of belief, that it was true that he
was stronger before the people of that district
than Ihe late President of the United States,
over whose slow-moving hearse the tears of
millions so recently fell like rain from tho sky.
Sir. (here are. things occasionally which startle
even tho philosophy of stoicism. I have for
years endeavored to cultivate that faculty which
is surprised ut nothing, which looks with indif-
ferent coolness on every phase of human life
and character, content to do right within the
range of my vision, and firmly believing that a
wise and a merciful Providence is over all; but
1 do protest, with no unkindness toward tho
gentleman that makes this gigantic assumption
in his own behalf, that he gave me a keen sen-
sation of genuine astonishment. I knew Mr.
Lincoln well. J knew him intimately and kindly
many years before he was called to {hat perilous
eminence from which he foil so sadly on tire 14th
of last April. Ju the exercise of my convictions
of duty I ditl'ered, and differed widely, from him
after he became President. Pardon me for
saying at this time that honors and profits, as
the world esteems such things, might have been
mine in gratifying abundance, if I had been
able in the light of my conscience to choose
that broad highway and that open gate wherein
so many patriots have entered on the wealthy
walks of official life during the last five years.
1 followed my line of conviction, however, and
all is well with myself. But he who denies to
Mr. Lincoln a power over the hearts and minds
of at least that portion of his countrymen to
which the contestant in this case belongs, su-
perior to the puny pigmies of the hour, will
jostle him from that pedestal of fame on which
he stands with a just and legitimate claim. Mr.
Washburn, however, contests with him this
supremacy. He has stronger ties with the peo-
ple of the seventh congressional-district than
the chieftain of his party who sleeps his last
sleep at Springfield. Well,, perhaps he has.
Perhaps he can sustain a heavy robbery and
fraud, and still, by the immense weight of his
character, receive a much greater number of
votes than could Abraham Lincoln. I will leave
this point to my Republican colleagues from
Indiana, who particularly know the overshad-
owing influence which the contestant exercises
in' the political affairs of that great and power?
ful State. I will especially submit it to my col-
league from the La Payette district, [Mr. Orth. ]
I am sure he can easily explain how my friends
stole a vast number of votes from Mr. Wash-
burn, and yet that in three,weeks afterward in
the same district Mr. Lincoln fell behind him
in a very marked degree, and that there was
at the same time only seventeen votes of a dif-
ference between General McClellan and me.
All things are easy to the elect.
Mr. Speaker, I have but little more .to say,
and but one favor to ask. You know, and!
know, and this House and the country know,
that I have the legal majority of votes; but if
the report of the committee is to be sustained,
let it lie done on its trne ground. I have been
your fair foe. I have met you in open, hon-
orable warfare, and I am entitled at least to
candid hostility at your hands. I have neither
skulked nor dodgeel on this floor, and if a sac-
rifice is required to appease the political Mo-
loch which has so long presided here, you have
selected the proper victim. Ho will not shrink
from tho blow. God being my helper, this polit-
ical gibbet shall not be matter of reproach to me
or mine. If you wish to "purge Parliament" *
and reduce this already fractional Congress to a
still greater uniformity of opinion, you hold the
ax, and I defy its edge as well as the malice of
the executioners. Strike; but you cannot kill.
Banish me, sir ; my heart is not here. It is in
my beautiful western home. I am thinking of
that people who have so often covered me with
their affection as with a shield in tho hour of
storm and danger. To them I will gladly go. I
owe them more for their confidence than 1 can
overpay; but at least one merit they will always
concede to me—I have never shrank from the
vindication of their rights ; and may the light
of heaven be denied to my eyes when, for the
sake of position or place, I prove recreant to
their principles.
Sir, now let tho House proceed. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] two
days ago, in connection with the election con-
test then under consideration, said:
"This question may seem to somo gentlemen fo be
a small matter, but in view of thick-coming events
one vote may prove to bo of great value here."
This is tho most brazen and audacious
announcement ever heard in a deliberative
assembly in the history of the world, and it
sprung from tho same fanatical and prescrip-
tive spirit which filled the breast of Colonel
Pride when he drove the "obnoxious members
of the Rump Parliament of England from
their seats. The "thick-coming events'' are
the vetoes which the Executive has commenced
placing on your unconstitutional and extrava-
gant^ legislation. It may soon be difficult to
obtain oven here a majority of two thirds to
pass laws over his objections; hence, "one
vote may prove of great value here.'' It may,
indeed; and while that "one vote'' is wielded
by me it will bo given to Andrew Johnson and
tho great and wise measures of his policy. I
am for him, politically and personally. Let
there he no doubt about this. The first speech
made for him in either branch of this Congress
I made, and if this is my last I cannot better
close it than by a prayer for the success and
glory of his administration.
