1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
concerned, it matters not a single pin that there
were any persons present at the ca'stigation,
excepting that the act, being committed in so
publie a manner, is more flagrant. His offense
consists in having committed an assault and
battery upon a member of Congress for words
spoken upon the floor of the House. It is not
and it cannot be maintained that this was done
in violation of the good order and decorum of
this House as an organized body, and therefore
the facts that it was done upon the east portico
of the main Capitol, about midway between the
two Houses of Congress and about one hundred
and fifty yards from this Hall, at a time when
this House was not in session, do not in any
material way change the character of theoffbnse.
It is not an offense against the order of this
House: the committee do not so contend, and
for such an offense the facts give this House no
jurisdiction.
The committee, however, affirm that the
offense is a personal indignity to a member of
this House and was so intended, and that is
certainly true; but they have not undertaken
to show that we have any authority to punish a
member of this House for inflicting an indig-
nity upon the person of one who is also a mem-
ber ; much less do they in any way pretend that
for such personal indignity we have a right
to deprive a constituency of its chosen Rep-
resentative. If we can take cognizance of mere
personal indignities offered to members of this
House it will matter not where they are com-
mitted, whether near the Capitol or far from it,
nor when committed, whether before the mem-
ber is sworn in or after. Such an authority can
only be based upon the assumption that the per-
son of a member of Congress becomes sacred
by his election; and if another member is to be
he'd responsible at the bar of this House for
assaulting one away from the Halls of this
House, then any citizen ean be so held, while
a member may strike a citizen with impunity,
so far as this House is concerned; and thus the
member becomes a privileged character and
members a privileged class, to be recognized
and deferred to by the people wherever they
are.
Surely, this doctrine does not harmonize
with that perfect equality of all men upon
which our Government is founded, unless that
equality is simply an equality before the law,
and then we must turn all such cases over to
the courts of law where member and constitu-
ent, Congressman and citizen may be tried,
not by an undefined and mixed tribunal like
this House, but by courts of law and accord-
ing to the law of the place where the offense is
committed. The facts that the party assaulted
is a member of Congress, that the object of the
assault was to degrade him, and thus lessen
his usefulness as a Representative, are matters
which a court of justice may well consider, and
if committed by a member it is expressly pro-
vided that he may be imprisoned and even de-
tained from the House while in actual session
for any offense amounting to a breach of the
Beace. Then why not leave the courts of this
istriet and city to hear and determine this
case of assault and battery according to law?
Their authority to do so is unquestioned and
unquestionable.
.But the committee say the offense is a breach
of the privileges of this House, guarantied by
the clause of the Constitution which declares
that—
" They [members of Congress] shall in all cases,
except treason, felony, and breach of the peace, be
privileged from arrest during their attendance at
the session of their respective Houses, and ingoing
to and returning from the same; and for any spcech
or debate in either House they shall not be ques-
tioned in any other plaec."
These are the privileges of members of Con-
gress. Not one word is here said about per-
sonal indignities. The arrest referred to is an
arrest by process of law, and that process ia
not suspended except when the member is act-
ually attending to his official duty, and that
not because of any sacredness that is supposed
to have attached to his person, but because of
the right which his constituents have to his
services, and- the cause of arrest is for debt,
libel, slander, or other tort not amounting to a
breach of the peace. For these he is not to be
arrested while attending to his official duties,
but may be arrested at any other time, and the
arrest here~ referred to is very evidently an
arrest by legal process. The latter clause de-
clares that for any speech or debate he shall
not be questioned, &c. What kind of ques-
tioning is here meant? Surely, it is not the
right which his constituents have to call him
to account for the manner in which he may
discharge his duties. The first clause privi-
leges the member from arrest going to, attend-
ing upon, and coming from the sessions, &c.,
and the second privileges him from accounta-
bility for what he shall say in speech or debate.
Is it not evident that in both of these cases the
arrest and questioning mean the same, and
have reference only to arrests by legal process
and to legal accountability sounding in dam-
ages in any court of law?
Could the framers of the Constitution have
intended by this clause to protect members
from assaults and batteries and personal vio-
lence? Are not all men equally protected from
such interferences by the law of the land^ and
were they not so protected at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution? Does the Con-
stitution, as it stands, by its omission author-
ize a violent and unlawful arrest of a member
when he is not going to, coming from, or at-
tending upon the session of his House, or had
not the second clause been inserted, could a
member have been violently held responsible
for what lie said in speech or debate ? If such
clause was not necessary for such protection,
why was it inserted? Such being the case,
why bold General Rousseau for a violation of
the Constitution in doing what the Constitution
was not intended to prevent? Violent arrests
and assaults were then, as now, breaches of
the peace and punishable by law throughout
the whole country, and the clause in the Con-
stitution was never intended to take this right
of trial by jury and according to law from the
proper tribunals recognized and authorized
under the Constitution. The fact that the Con-
stitution has provided no penalty for such
arrests and such questionings proves that it
was not intended that Congress should cxceute
the Constitution as the courts do the law.
Where do the committee find authority for in-
dicating expulsion as the proper measure of
punishment for a breach of privilege in this
respect? There is no law fixing that punish-
ment for any offense. They say it is necessary
as a means of protection ; and that would be
a very good argument in favor of the passage
of a law to that effect except that expulsions
and banishments are not according to our code.
Fines and imprisonments are the penalties for
crimes in this country that are not capital. If
we have authority to fix a certain punishment,
because that kind of punishment seems most
necessary to prevent the recurrence of the evil,
then we may select such as commends itself to
the particular case and the party offending,
and a majority might favor banishment or the
guillotine.
But, Mr. Speaker, we have authority to expel.
Itishi the Constitution, article one, section five.
It is as follows:
" Bach House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its membcrsiordisorderly behavior,
and. Willi the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mo in ■
ber."
Here, then, is your authority to expel a mem-
ber as a measure of punishment. V, hen, there-
fore, we have made rules which prescribe expul-
sion as a punishment for disorderly behavior,
and any member violates such rules we can
expel him. Disorderly behavior is behavior
in violation of good order, in the parliament-
ary sense, and may be found in what might be
styled parliamentary common law, but ought
to be found in the written order and previously
adopted rules and regulations of the House.
In the absence of such law we cannot now
make a rule, a resolution, or an order to take
effect after the offense is committed, for that
^ and is specially prohib-
ited. the Speaker is the orgarw)f the House
upon all questions of order. He looks to his
rules for his authority to preserve order. His
gavel we are all bound to respect, and hearing
its sound we are supposed to be silent,
Suppose the honorable Speaker had been
present at this castigation, what course would'
he have taken to prevent it or restore order ?
By disorderly behavior, in the sense of the
Constitution, is meant behavior disorderly aa
to the rules which the House is authorized to
determine, not that kind of behavior which ia
disorderly as to the public peace and general
good order of society. Would he have called
the gentleman from Kentucky to order? If
he were expected to do that he would have to
carry his gavel with him wherever he goes, and
our Sergeant-at-Arms, with his mace, would
have to accompany him to enforce his orders.
Suppose he had been present, and some one
had called the gentleman from Kentucky to
order, and having stated his point of order
that the gentleman was violating the Constitu-
tion, would not the Speaker have answered, as
he always does, and very properly, that he can
only enforce rules of order, and not the Con-
stitution ?
But, Mr. Speaker, I will pass to another
clause of the section held to have been vio-
lated, and inquire, what is meant by speech or
debate, as the words are used in the Constitu-
tion? I contend that these words mean legit-
imate debate, such speech or debate as is tol-
erated under the rules of the House. Can it be
said that because a member obtains the floor
and, not being called to order, proceeds to in-
dulge in what may be called mere blackguard-
ism, that the Constitution was intended to pro-
tect him-because he calls it debate? I use tjie
word blackguardism, not in its offensive sense,
but as indicating that kind of offensive language
that has no relation to any matter before the
House and is personal in its character. I admit
that ho cannot be sued iu a court of justice for
what is said upon the floor of the House, al-
though it be the purest blackguardism, for the
reason that no court of justice can decide a
question of order in this House. Courts are
bouncT to presume that what is permitted to be
said on the floor of Congress is said in order
and legitimately, and hence it is that even in
blackguardism the member is protected with-
out holding that the Constitution intended to
go further and authorize us to protect him from
assault away from the Hall of the House. Gen-
eral Rousseau is guilty of a crime; he has vio-
lated the law, and being a member of Congress
he is guilty of a very bad example, and is lia-
ble to bo punished according to law. The prov-
ocation was great, but does not justify the rem-
edy he has chosen.
Were this crime a felony or of such infamous
character as to render him unworthy to be as-
sociated with gentlemen upon this floor, then
we could expel him, no matter where it was
committed. And having expelled for such rea-
son we might refuse him a seat for the same
reason if reelected, and so an offense warrant-
ing expulsion should also warrant rejection as
a disqualification to occupy a seat.
Ho is not only guilty of a crime, but, ia my
judgment, he is guilty of a great folly. Had
ho known how little regard was paid to these
aspersions of his character, he would, perhaps,
have taken no notice of them, but he did not
know this. The iron went to his heart. The
foul slander was written upon the records of
this House and must go down to posterity. He
could make no reply, for he could not descend
to the same level on which he was assailed.
Parliamentary language would take no effect
upon his assailant. The charge of cowardice,
which it is easy to make and easy to prove if
true, yet cannot so easily be disproved though
never so false. He could not ask an investiga-
tion and his assailant would not. The world
read the charge and heard of no denial. The
verdict of the country is with him now that the
attention of the people is called to his char-
acter. The committee have said all that they
