1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, two positions
which have been taken as well by the sitting
member as by the minority of the committee
deserve, if no other position taken by them de-
servos, .special notice. The first is that the
committee who made this report knew, and its
chairman dare not state to the contrary, that
the sitting member had a majority of the legal
votes cast in this district, and that therefore the
reports which they have brought in here are
false. If the sitting member and the gentlemen
of the minority had contented themselves with
arguing that such was the fact, or asserting their
own conviction that according to their con-
struction of the evidence it was the fact, or
affirming that according to the weight which in
their opinion fair-minded men ought to give to
the testimony such was the fact, nothing would
be left for me at this time but to ai'gue the ques-
tion fairly with them and the House, submit-
ting it to the judgment of the House and taking
its verdict upon it. The question would simply
be whether the weight of the proof in the case
was what the majority of the committee believe,
or whether it was what the sitting member and
the minority of the committee maintain itto be.
That would be a fair question to be met; a fair
difference of opinion, open to fair and unpreju-
diced remark, and which it would become me
to argue fairly, candidly, and truthfully. But
the form in which they have chosen to put this
matter is quite another thing. I observe they
both use precisely the same language. So I
understand it to be the result of conference ;
and it means nothing more nor less than this.
The Committee of Elections, charged with
the highest duties that can be imposed upon a
committee of this House, whatever little inter-
est this House may take in questions continu-
ally brought before it by this committee, have
never felt otherwise, sir, than that every ques-
tion touching the right of a member to a seat
upon this floor—a high prerogative guarantied
to the House itself, excluding all other branches
of the Government from participation or influ-
ence therein, to pass upon the qualification and
election return of its own members; the highest
that exists in this body, the most solemn and
sacred of them all—it was becoming that every
member exercising his functions thereto should
approach it as well as the lot of human nature
would permit him, with candor and without
prejudice.
But, sir, I am to answer the assertion I can-
not state to this House that I have not come in
here with a report that I knew was false. Sir,
in'behalf of the other members of this commit-
tee who have joined with me in this report, as
well as my own, I say if I had come here with
a report of the character charged by my col-
league on the committee and the sitting mem-
ber, neither of us would*be worthy longer of a
seat in this House, much less of further respect,
in the committee in reference to the qualifica-
tion of members. It is because we do believe,
after a patient and candid hearing of both
parties on all the testimony they cared to sub-
mit to ns. and after a faithful and careful exam-
ination and reexamination of that whole testi-
mony, it is because all of us are of the convic-
tion, it was our duty to say that the contestant,
and not the sitting member, had a majority of
the legal votes cast in this district for him.
Sir, along with it comes a matter which the
sitting member, thinking of more importance
than any other connected with the case, putin
the fore front of his speech and set out in the
beginning as the chief element of his argu-
ment, namely, a charge on the committee
which he knew the chairman could not refute
or admit unless he had the consent of the
House and saw fit to refute it; a charge which j
I have some reason to think, Mr. Speaker, lias
been calculated on for pome time, for I noticed
from his friends it was to be precisely as it was.
I have s«m3 reason also to know that the gen-
tleman knew exactly what transpired in com-
mittee touching this case, and which no mem-
ber of the committee had the slightest reason
or objection then, any more than they have
now, to withhold from this House or the coun-
try. Nothing transpired in the committee
when I was present, and I have the assurance
of every member of the committee tnat noth-
ing transpired in my absence different from
what transpired in the committee touching
every ease examined there, and what has trans-
pired in committee over and over again twenty
times when the distinguished sitting member
in this case served on this committee, whether
he was cognizant of it or not. I here submit
to the House, in justification of my colleagues
on this committee, I am prepared to show every
thing which transpired in that committee touch-
ing our decision, when we arrived at it, and
how we arrived at it. It was understood by the
the sitting member when he made the charge
against the committee, that it was easy for him
to call attention to a fact which he knew could
not be answered.
Mr. VOORHEES. I did not so understand,
and I do not so understand now. There has
been an effort from all sides of the House to get
at the facts. It will not be objected to here. If
this charge is not true let him deny it. If it is
true it is well enough to talk around and cover
it up. I do not suppose the House has any
disposition to cover a matter of this kind up.
I stated affirmatively what the action of the
committee once was. If it is not true, if that
is susceptible of proof——
Mr. DAWES. Does this'come out of my
time?
Mr. VOORHEES. It will no more. This
is the last of it.
The SPEAKER. It does come out of the
gentleman's time.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to proper inter-
ruption. I state to the House I have no desire
to withhold what transpired in that committee.
I am willing truthfully to disclose everything
which transpired there.
And I state to the House that whatever did
transpire in my presence—and J have the writ- *
ten statement of my colleague as to what oc-
curred in my absence—was what transpired
over and over again in the committee when the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Marshall] was
present, and what transpires in every election
case so far as my experience goes. And there
I leave it with the House. I am not going to
take home to myself or to the committee one
particle of the insinuation or inference the
gentleman desires to make or to have drawn
touching the charge which he made upon
the committee when he knew it could not be
questioned.
Mr. VOORHEES. I did not make this
charge. That is not true. I did not make it,
for it is a fact which I state now on my per-
sonal responsibility, and I am prepared to prove
it. Now, this thing has been tendered to the
gentleman over and over, and this is the last
so far as 1 am concerned.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the records of
the committee are in the control of the House,
and anything that transpired there is of course
in the control of this body. Those records are
where they can be read" to the House at any
moment; and, as I have repeated many times,
nothing in the records of the committee, or
that transpired without record, does any mem-
ber of the committee desire to withhold one
single instant. Can I say anything more?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I have
once proposed that the rules be suspended in
order that the committee might state the facts
connected with the case; that they might pro-
duce the records and let the House understand
this matter. I now renew the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the chairman of
the committee be directed to produce the rec-
ords of the committee, and be allowed to state
the facts.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the fact?
Mr. INGERSOLL. That at one time, after
the whole argument had been heard in: the
case, all voted in favor of the sitting member
except the chairman, and, that three days sub-
sequently, without any farther argument or evi-
dence in the case being submitted, the action
of the committee was reversed by a vote of .7
to 2. These are the facts I want explained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I dp not
know anything about the merits of this case-,
but it is a violation of parliamentary law to-state
what took place in committee.
Several Members. Not by unanimous eoa-
sent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a dan-
gerous precedent. I do not make any objec-
tion, but I protest against any violation of the
rules.
Mr. SLOAN. I object.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield?
Mr. DAWES. If it does not come out of my
time.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not object, but as
long as there is objection made to a full investi-
gation of this matter I think objection ought to
be made to a partial one. But I will not ob-
ject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the gentleman
occupying the time until gentlemen are willing
to answer questions that ar§ pnt directly to
them.
Mr. SLOAN. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
so that gentlemen will understand it flflly, that
the gentleman from Illino'is [Mr. Ikgersoll]
asks unanimous consent that the chairman of
the committee may state what occurred in the
committee, and produce the record. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. DAWES. I have sent for the record.
I will state, so far as I recollect, all that trans-
pired in the committee, and the House will then
see upon what foundation the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Vooiuijces] has made his accu-
sation.
After the hearing of the parties, allowing
them all the time that they desired, and they
had closed their argument, the committee, as
is their custom, left the case without determin-
ing it, for the purpose of letting each member
examine the testimony and the authorities and
be ready to make up his mind. We then took
up another case. After we had proceeded sev-
eral days in the examination of the other case,
and after the parties had gone out, I said, as
chairman of the committee, that it was about
time for ns to dispose of this case. Some mem-
ber of the committee said that they were not
ready to take a final vote on thecase, that they
were willing to express an opinion, but not to
take a final vote, and they would like to hear
other members of the committee. I stated to
them that I held the vote of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Radyoud] who was obliged to
be absent, and I gave them the reason of that
gentleman's vote as he had furnished it to ine.
Then one of the members of the committee (I
do not wish to call the name) said, "We will
take a vote and see how we stand on the ques-
tion." upon which one member said he had no
objection to expressing his opinion, but he did
not wish it lobe considered as a final vote upon
the question, as he had not examined it.
Bat he said this, that he had examined it so
far as this, that there could not be any question
but what one township, namely Hamilton, must
be thrown out; as to the others, he said that
he had not examined them, and was not pi*e-
pared to proceed, and if that was the only one
thrown out it would not unseat the sitting mem-
ber, and that if called upon to vote without
having examined the case further, he would vote
for the sitting member upon the ground that the
rejection of the vote of one township and the
correction of others would not alter the result.
Then each one was called on for his views, and
two or three members of the committee said
that that member of the committee had ex-
pressed their views and they were in his con-
dition, without having examined the other three
precincts; and then came the chairman, who
