1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2921
highest crime that can be committed; but, sir,
the instincts of your nature, acting respon-
sively to the teachings of the law, tell you
that those who have acted in obedience to a
de facto government are not guilty of treason,
and though it may be improper, though it may
be imprudent—and I have been sometimes
told by my friends that I do not always weigh
my words—I now avow on the floor of the
American Senate that you may arraign before
a just court and an impartial jury as many of
these southern gentlemen as you please who,
after their States had seceded, yielded obedi-
ence to the government de facto over them,
and you never can convict them of having
committed any crime. For twenty years [
have studied the law, and I have studied it
that length of time with but little effect if I am
not certain in the conclusion to which I have
arrived. At the same time I may say, to pre-
vent misrepresentation, and it is well known
that while I have been opposed to the acts of
the past Administration, and to many of the
present,-1 never sympathized with the move-
ment of these southern gentlemen.
, The time has gone by to apply to the Dem-
ocratic party or myself the epithet of " sym-
pathizer with the rebellion." I state my opin-
ions as I honestly entertain them; and when
legal questions are presented, and not only
legal questions but questions underlying the
very science of government itself, which have
been discussed by such great luminaries as
Burke in the British Parliament, and by all the
able writers upon international and municipal
law, I may avow a concurrence in their opin-
ion without subjecting myself to remarks preju-
dicial, not to my loyalty—a word that I do not
know the use of in a republican form of gov-
ernment—but prejudicial to my devotion to the
Constitution and the Government of the coun-
try under which I was born and hope to die. I
seek controversy with no man; I avoid none.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks that the question,
when taken upon the amendment to the amend-
ment, may be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, HOWARD. I wish to make a single
observation.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
proposes to debate the question at any length
I hope he will give way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose to debate
it at any length.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We onght to have a
short executive session.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be through in a
moment, and then I shall be entirely willing
to take the vote on this amendment. Indeed,
I will not say a word if there be a possibility
of taking a vote now on the amendments offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSEN DEN, and others. Let us vote
on them now.
Mr. HOWARD. If 110 other gentleman
wishes to address the Senate upon those two
amendments, and the Senate is ready to take
a vote upon them, I shall not occupy anytime
of the Senate by remarks.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Isthe'Sen-
ate ready for the question on the proposed
amendment to the amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. Are both the amendments
offered by the Senator from "Wisconsin included
in tlie motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But one
question can be taken at a time.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question now is 011
the amendment proposing to insert the word
"voluntarily," as I understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 30; as follows:
YE VS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, (xutliric, Hendricks. Johnson, Norton, Riddle,
and Saulsbury—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Or J gin, Croswell, Edmunds, Ifessenden, Foster,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye,
Poland, Pomerov. Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, Grimes, McDou-
gall, Nesmith, Sherman, Van Winkle, Wright, and
Y ates—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move the other
amendment of which I gave notice, to insert
after the word "thereof" in the thirty-ninth
line the words "excepting those who have
duly received pardon and amnesty under the
Constitution and laws, and will take such oath
as shall be required by law," and on that I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Wisconsin, what is the mean-
ing of the last clause of his amendment? Docs
it contemplate the enactment of a law in the
future prescribing some new oath, or does it
refer to the oatli which has been already taken
in pursuance of the proclamation of the Presi-
dent?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps that provision
of the amendment is not necessary to the idea,
and I will omit that portion of it and let it
stand simply as a test of the question whether
those who have received pardon and amnesty
shall be excepted from the effect of this amend-
ment or n ot.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is in better
shape,
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should like to hear it
read as modified.
The Secretary. The words proposed to be
inserted are, "excepting those who have duly
received pardon and amnesty under the Con-
stitution and laws."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand that will
dispense with the taking of the test oath. Is
that, the Senator's intention?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; not at all.
Mr, KIRKWOOD. The words requiring
the taking of the test oath are stricken out.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. The test oath is still
the law of the land. This has no effect on that
law.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. This would override
that if wo adopt it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not at all. This simply
excepts from the provision of the section those
who have received pardon and amnesty. I
maintain that where we have granted under the
Constitution and laws pardon and amnesty we
have no right, though we have the power, to
put them under the disability again.
Mr. HOWARD. One word. I desire to ask
the Senator from Wisconsin whether the par-
don and amnesty of which he speaks extend
so far as to remove the disability created by
the confiscation act of 18fl'2 against the holding
of otEce under the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask my
friend from Michigan whether that would make
any particle of difference. We all know that
this proposition has no chance of succeeding
in any shape.
Mr. HOWARD. Not the slightest; but the
Senator from Wisconsin seems to make a point
on that question.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Let us vote.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish to ask a question of
the Senator from Wisconsin. Suppose there
are pardons, as there are likely to be a good
many, between the time this amendment shall
be propounded by Congress and the time it
may be adopted by the Legislatures; what
will be its application to pardons granted
between this time and that?
Mr. JOHNSON. It would apply.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should like to hear
the amendment read as it was first offered.
The Secretary read the amendment as origi-
nally offered by Mr. Doolittle.
Mr. J OHNSON. Does the honorable mem-
ber from Wisconsin propose to exclude all
those who may after the adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment rcceivo pardon? lhat
it seems to me would be the effect as it now
stands. I move, therefore, to amend it by
inserting the words " or shall receive."
The PRESIDENTjsro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin is not
amendable. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin to the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan. Davis. Doolit-
tle, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Riddle,
and Saulsbury—10.
NAYS—;Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness. Cragin, Cresweli, Edmunds, Eesscnden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomerov, Ramsey, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winklo, Wade,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, McDougall, Nes-
mith, Sherman, Wright, and Yates—7.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurring upon the amendment
of Mr. Howard, the yeas and nays were taken,
with the following result:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, C011-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessendcn, roster,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kaiisas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Riddle,
and Saulsbury—10.
ABSENT —Messrs. Brown, Dixon, McDougall,
Nesmith, Sherman, Wright, and Yates—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is not
intended to go further with this subject this
evening. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TnuBSDAY, May 31, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
INT15R-STATE COMMUNICATION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by
unanimous consent, bill of the House No. 11,
to facilitate commercial, postal, and military
communication among the several States, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, was
taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the
amendments of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
First amendment:
In the fourth line of the first section strike out the
word *' connections."
Second amendment:
At the end of the second section add as follows:
Nor shall it bo construed to authorize any railroad
company to build any new road or connection with
any other road without authority from the State in
which said railroad or connection may be proposed.
Third amendment:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That Congress may
at any time alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. LE BLOND. Before the vote is taken
upon these amendments of the Senate, I would
like to inquire how they affect the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The only amend-
ments by the Senate are in the nature of lim-
itations upon the terms of the House bill as it
went to the Senate.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments of the Sen-
ate were concurred in; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
