3882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
«/ '
could to refute the libel so far as mere decla-
rations go. But they ask us to expel him for
violating the privileges of debate, and thus
dignify the slander by calling it debate. To
this I say no, I will not do it. I will not be a
party to this slander' in any way, and in going
out of my way to find authority to expel him
I betray my willingness to become a party to
the slander. Had he violated the rules of the
House I would say so. Were I a judge on the
bench, and were the case before me, I would
execute the law, but I will not be a volunteer
to hunt up some sort of a punishment for a
brave man who has done no more to vindicate
his honor than he has done.
Under all the circumstances it is well that
this investigation has taken place. The truth
has been developed, history is set right, and
the honor of a gallant soldier stands vindicated
before his countrymen. Here I would prefer
to stop and gladly vote to lay the whole subject
upon the table. If anybody wants a further
vindication of the law let him go into the courts
and get it, for, thank God, they are again open,
open to all, the highest and the lowest, the cit-
izen sovereign and the servant Congressman.
Before this tribunal the offender will be pun-
ished according to his offense and the estab-
lished law relating to it. He will not be there
arraigned as he seems to be here. There the
counsel for the prosecution will not be~per-
mitted to wander back to transactions several
months ago, as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] lias done, to weigh and balance ac-
counts between the parties to the end that it
may be ascertained whoso quarrel was then
most just.
Surely this is far "fetched, but not any fur-
ther than mneli of the debate upon this ques-
tion, especially that part of the argument of
the gentleman from Iowa, that the gentleman
from Kentucky had violated his oath to sup-
port the Constitution when he struck his col-
league with a rattan. If that argument is true,
then the gentleman from Kentucky is guilty of
treason. Yes, sir, treason against the Consti-
tution, proved by an overt act. Of the same
character is the argument relating to the threat
to shoot an officer of the Freedmen's Bureau.
All these have really nothing to do with the-
question before the House, and would be ruled
out in a court of justice. Hence the wisdom
of the framers of the Constitution in leaving
all these matters to be determined in courts of
justice according to the established and recog-
nized law of the land. With their decision
and determination, with power to appeal, all
men ought to be satisfied.
Mr. GARFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to mo for a moment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will do so.
merchants' national bank.
Mr. IIOOPEIl, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vole by which the House
ordered the printing of the testimony accom-
panying the report of the Committee on Bank-
in j and Currency relative to the Merchants'
National Bank of this city.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be
entered.
message rnOM the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 145) for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the Northern
Pacific railroad and telegraph.
The message further announced that the
Senate, proceeding, in pursuance of the Con-
stitution, to reconsider the bill entitled "An
act to continue in force and to amend an act
to establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freed-
men and Refugees, and for other purposes,"
returned to the House of Representatives by
the President of the United States, with his
objections, and sent by the House of Repre-
sentatives to the Senate, with tho message of
the President returning the bill, had repassed
the same, two thirds of the Senate agreeing
thereto.
ASSAULT UPON A MEMBER AGAIN.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman from Ohio
yields tome, and I modify the resolution which
I have submitted as a substitute by striking
out the words "summoned to the bar of the
House and be there publicly reprimanded by
the Speaker," and inserting instead the words
" and is hereby reprimanded;" so that the res-
olution will read:
Resolved, That Hon.LovELL II. Rousseau be, and
he is hereby, reprimanded for the violation of the
rights and privileges of the House, of which he was
guilty in the personal assault committed by him
upon Hon. J. B. Grinnell for words spoken in de-
bate.
Mr. STEVENS. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] has modified
his resolution, I modify my motion so as to
strike out the three resolutions reported by the
committee and insert the resolution as origin-
ally reported by the minority.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, at this late
hour of the day, and at this late period of the
discussion, I regret to occupy the time of the
House at all. There have, however, been a few
points made during the progress of this discus-
sion, which, at the request of some of the gen-
tlemen who have this subject in charge, I will
notice. I wish to say at the outset that both the
gentlemen concerned in this assault are person-
ally known to me; botharemypersonalfriends,
and I am theirs. I trust, therefore, that noth-
ing that I shall say will be construed as arising
in any degree from personal feeling against
either of them. The difficulty between these
two members began in a war of words, waged
at two distinct periods. The first was in Febru-
ary last, beginning with the 3d and endingwith
the 8th of that month, the history of which is
substantially as follows:
1. Saturday, February 3, 18G3, (Mr. Gkin-
nell in the chair.) In a speech on the Freed-
men's Bureau bill,Mr. Rousseau, after relating
a case of arrest in his own town, reports himself
as saying to the officer of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau aa follows:
"Kow, sir, I told tlie agent of that bureau then just
wha t I thought and felt in reference to this matter.
I said to him, 'If you want to protect the freedmen
of this community, I am with you heart and soul. I
will stand by you in all just measures; but if you
intend to arrest white people on the ex parte state-
ments ot negroes, and hold them to suityour conven-
ience for trial, and line and imprison them, then X
say that I opppose.you: and if you should so arrest
and punish me X would kill you when you set me at
liberty; and I think that you would do the same to
a man who would treat you in that way, if yoa are
the man I think you arc, and the man you ought to
be to fill your position here.'"
2. On Monday, February 5, in the course
of a general speech on the same subject, Mr.
Guinnell said:
"The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
ItoussrcAuJ declared on Saturday, as X caught his lan-
guage, that if he were arrested on the complaint of
a negro and brought before one of the agents of this
bureau, when he became free he would shoot him. Is
that civilization? It isthe spirit of barbarism that
has too long dwelt in our land, the spirit of infernal
regions that brought on the rebellion and this war.
"Mr. Smith. X wish to say that my colleague [Mr.
Kousseau] does not belong to that class of men that
the gentleman from Iowa speaks of. lie served in
the Union cause lour years during the war.
"Mr. Guinnell. HistoryrepeatsiUelf. Icarcnot
whether the gentleman wns four years in the war on
the Union sideor fourycarson the other side; but I
say that he degraded his State and uttered a senti-
ment I thought unworthy of an American offiecr
when lie said that he would do such an act on the
complaint of a negro against him."
3. On Tuesday, February C, Mr. Rousseau
denied having used the language, and said :
" Mr. Speaker, I did not use the language imputed
to me by the member from Iowa, [Mr. Gkixnell.]
And I pronounce ttie assertion that has just been
read, that I have degraded my State and uttered a
sentiment unworthy an American officer, to be false,
a vile slander, and unworthy to be uttered by any
gentleman upon this floor.''
4. On Thursday, February 8, Mr. Gmxnei.l
produced the Globe containing Mr, Rousseau's
speech of February 3, and claimed he had
quoted him correctly. He then said:
"I give the member the full bcnefitof an explana-
tion ol' his declaration that he would kill a white
oflicer acting under oath and ill the discharge of his
duty, it th.it i& a ie-.- unwurthy act than to shoot an
American citizen of African descent. That may not
have been degrading to his State, and whether it was,
as I said, language unbecoming an American officer
is a question which I shall referto the gallantsoldiers
of the State of Iowa who never fought, thank God!
but on one side, and it may properly bo decided by
the code of the first of American generals, and re-
ferred to the greatest of American captains, the
Lieutenant General of the United States."
5. Same day, and immediately, Mr. Rous-
seau responded as follows:
" Mr. Speaker, I eannot allow the gentleman to
becomc^clef9nder of the troops from the free States.
I simply wish to say that X have made no reflection
upon the soldiers of the various States. I have fought
with them, sir, and I only wish that the gentleman
from Iowa had been willing to be present to see how
bravely anrl gallantly the troops from his own State
and all the free States deported themselves in time
of battle."
This concluded the February personalities, in
which many unpleasant and severe things were
said offensive to good taste and the courtesy
due from one member to another, but not so
. disorderly or unparliamentary as to have led
any member to call either of the parties to
order. It was such a collision as we have
frequently witnessed in this Hall, which we all
regret, but which, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Raymond] has said, was not in
clear and palpable violation of parliamentary
privilege.
The conclusion of that whole debate of Feb-
ruary seemed to be this, that each party was
satisfied with his share in the discussion. The
gentleman from Iowa intimated that he might
have done the gentleman from Kentucky a
wrong, and that if so he was willing to apolo-
gize ; and the gentleman from Kentucky ex-
pressed himself as entirely satisfied with his
share in the debate. I supposed that a balance-
sheet had been struck, and that their friends
would decide which of the two gentlemen
"had come out best" in that February ren-
contre. I take it, therefore, that for all pur-
poses of this investigation, the February matter
is out of the case.
In the month of June, four months later, the
subject was reopened by the gentleman from
Kentucky, in a speech delivered by him in New
York, in which, referring to an onslaught made
on him in the House, he spoke contemptuously
of the gentleman from Iowa as "a pitiable
politician from Iowa—one Gkinnell. '' That
is the first incident in the second act of this
drama.
On the 11th day of June, during a speech in
this House, the gentleman from Kentucky, of
his own accord, reopened the case, and re-
viewed the old discussion between himself and
the gentleman from Iowa, as follows :
" I said, sir, awhile ago, that flings had been con-
stantly made at my native State, in my hearing, upon
this floor; and last and least of all things and every-
body, let us give a moment's attention to the member
from Iowa, Mr. Grinnell, who first assailed her here.
Shortly afterCongressassembledhc assailed my State
and myself; he charged that X had degraded my na-
tive State by saying that I would defend my family
against the agents of the freed men's Bureau. That
member was pleased to say on the floor, in answer to
a suggestion of my colleague, [Mr. Smith,] that he
did not know whothcr I had fought four years on tho
rebel side or on the i'ederal side in the late war.
" I had under my command and fighting under me
from that member's State some of the bravest troops
from any State in tho Union. I was in the war from
tho beginning of it until the end. In tho Northwest
I was known to have been in tho Federal Army; but
that member said he did not know whether I was on
the rebel or the Federal side. I do not suppose a
member in tho House believed one word of what he
said.
" Mr. Grixxell. Mr. Speaker 
" Mr. Kousseau. No,sir; I cannot be interrupted
now. X wish to say that when a member can so far
depart from what everybody believes he ought to
know, find does know is the truth, it is a degradation,
not to his State, for he cannot degrade her, but to
himself."
In this paragraph he distinctly charges the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] with
saying two things which tho record shows he
did not say. in other words, the gentleman
from Kentucky very plainly misrepresented
the gentleman from Iowa in two particulars,
which have been so fully discussed that I
hardly need refer to them again. One of
them, however, has not, as I think, been
properly appreciated or represented by any
gentleman who has spoken, and I will advert
