1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
said that he had looked into the case and come
to the other conclusion. Then it was said by
the committee then and there that they did not
consider that as a final vote or as a vote upon
the merits of the case; that they would make
no record of it, but would examine the evidence
and be prepared to take a final vote on the ease
at another meeting. Nothing further passed
upon the subject between any member of the
committee as far as I know—certainly not be-
tween me and any member of the committee.
It so happened that it became necessary for me
to be absent, and I was absent at the final dis-
position of the case. No man on the committee,
as I supposed, considered the first action of the
committee as any more than an expression of
opinion on such part of the case as they had
examined. I have sent for the record of the
committee.
Mr. VOORHEES. Letmc interrupt the gen-
tleman once more, and I will not interrupt him
again: perhaps 1 shall never do it again in this
Hall.
Mr. DAWES. T will have the record of the
committee here in a moment.
Mr. VOOltflEES. I served a long time on
the Committee of Elections, and of course what-
ever the clerk of the committee, Mr. Bartlett,
says, will be correct. But after all the talk the
gentleman has made, the only thing that 1 stand
upon is, that, after three days of argument and
alter a week's advisement,'the roll was called
by the clerk of the committee, and I received
every vote in favor of retaining my seat except
that of the gentleman himself. That is the
point I make.
fiti. DAWKS. Let the record speak for itself.
T have it before me. On the 20th of January,
lKiiG, t he committee met; present certain mem-
bers of the committee named; the committee
agreed to take up the case of Washburn and
Voovhaes, of the seventh congressional district
of Indiana, on Tuesday next at ten o'clock a. m.
On January 2'.\, 18G(>,the committee met; all
present hut, one member. The case of Wash-
burn ami Voorhees, from the seventh district
of Indiana, was taken up on the preliminary
motion of Mr. Voorhees to reject all the depo-
sitions on file on the ground that tlioy were not
taken by persons authorized by law to take the
same.
A fter argument by the parties the motion was
denied.
On January 24 the committee met, present
all the members but certain members named,
and agreed to take tip the case of Washburn
and Voorhees on Friday morning.
On February 0, 180(5, the committee met,
one member absent, and the case of Washburn
against, Voorhees of the seventh congressional
district, of Indiana was voted upon, and the
committee decided that the contestant, Mr.
Washburn, was entitled to the. seat by the sub-
joined vote—yeas, Messrs. Dawes, Scofield,
Baxter, Upson, Paine, Shcllabargor, and Mc-
01 hi-/?; nays, Messrs. Marshall and Radford.
That is the whole record there is of the com-
mittee.
And now, Mr. Speaker, suppose that the
committee had done precisely what, the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Vootiuuus] says they
did —
Mr._SHEU,ABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. 1 will yield to my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. SI I JO LL A BAROER. I have no desire
personally to say a single word on this matter.
Jiut my associates on the committee think that
perhaps, all things considered, it is better that
I should state precisely what, my recollection
of this matter is. which I now do.
We were called upon to express our views,
but not togive a final vote, upon the subject, in
the committee. So called upon, I then made
this statement: that my duties in connection
with the committee and in the House had so
occupied me that 1 had had no opportunity,
atter the conclusion of the argument, to inves-
tigate the case for myself upon the evidence;
therefore I was not prepared to cast a final I
vote upon the subject, but would reserve the
right to change my expression'of views at any
time in the future after I had had the benefit
of hearing the .opinions of the entire commit-
tee and of investigating the case for myself.
I alsqjgaid that I had no doubt that the re-
turns of Hamilton township must be rejected
as fraudulent, but that, as then advised, I did
not deem there was that clear and satisfactory
proof which the law required to establish fraud
in the other townships, and that, without hav-
ing made any figuring for myself, I understood
that the rejection of the returns for the town-
ship of Hamilton did not change the result so
as to unseat the sitting member. Therefore, if
called upon then to cast my vote, I would cast
it for the sitting member, reserving my right to
modify that vote upon a careful investigation.
After such careful investigation I ascertained
that the rejection of the return of Hamilton
township does change the result if Mr. Wash-
burn is to have the benefit of the votes that
he proved to have been cast for himself. As-
certaining that fact, and upon the only actual
vote taken upon the merits of the case, the
Union members of the committee voted unan-
imously in favor of the contestant.
Mr. VOORHEES. I must express my pro-
found acknowledgment to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr- SllKT.iAiunuEii] -for the favor and
consideration, entirely unexpected, with which
he at one time, at least, regarded my claim to
a seal in this House.
I repeat here, and state now, that this matter
that has been so covered up with words by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shella-
daboku] ia simply this : on the 1st day of Feb-
ruary, of which it seems no journal was kept,
the roll was called by the clerk of this com-
mittee by yeas and nays, calling the members
by name ; and T received every vote except
one, that of the chairman, in favor of my right
to a seat in this House, and that, too, after
the ease had been argued for three days, and
held under advisement for a week besides.
Now, how little or how much importance
should be attached to this does not matter at
all. J have withdrawn, long since, any impu-
tation upon the chairman that ho controlled
the balance of the committee. I think there
are other members of the committee as capa-
ble of controlling him as ho is of controlling
them. 1 do not put it in (hat light at all. But
I merely Want the country to know that this
ease of mine was not so irresistibly malignant
and wicked against mo but what 1 received all
the suffrages of the Committee of Elections
except one, after a full argument and a thor-
ough investigation of its merits.
Mr. DAWES. Now, Mr. Speaker, 
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. DAWES. Wait a little; I have not got
quite through with tho sitting member yet. I
suppose the sitting member will have no objec-
tion to telling which member of the Committee
of Elections disclosed its secrets to him.
Mr. VOORHEES. I long since furnished
to the House and to the country the evidence
on which I made the, charge, and had it read
from the Clerk's desk. If it is not true, the
gentleman can deny it.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Vooiwbes] state to the House
that no member of the committee did dis-
close anything that transpired in the committee-
room ?
Mr. VOORHEES. Oh, that'does not affect
tho truth or falsity of the statement at all.
Mr. DAWES. I put the question.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will say that the gen-
tleman himself never told me.
Mr. DAWES. I put the question ; the gen-
tleman understands me as putting tho inter-
rogatory directly to him.
Mr. VOORHEES. I put the interrogatory
to the gentleman forty times this afternoon
whether the statement I referred to was true or
false, and he would not answer.
Mr. DAWES. Igave the reason; that I was
not at liberty to answer the question, but was
perfectly willing to do so.
Mr. FINCK. The gentleman is at liberty
now.
Mr. DAWES. I put the question again to
the sitting member. Did any member of tho
committee disclose its secrets to him?
Mr. VOORHEES. My answer to that ques-
tion is, that it is none of the gentleman's busi-
ness ; not the slightest. It is a fact that he has
no more right to inquire into than I have to
inquire into the most private relations of his
life.
Mr. DAWES. I leave this matter here.
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman 
Mr. DxlWES. I do not think I will yield
any more now. I have but few words more to
say on this matter, supposing it to be of that
importance which the sitting member has con-
sidered_ it to be, inasmuch as he has put it as
the basis of his argument for his right to retain
his seat—has put it in tho very forefront.of his
argument. Now, suppose it to be true that
very able members of this committee, in the
time they had to examine this case before they
expressed an opinion, not having an oppor-
tunity to put the figures together, fell into the
error in the computation of supposing that the
rejection of certain votes would not change the
result; and then, after examining the votes
again, they found they had been mistaken, and
that it would change the result.
Is it anything in the view of fair-minded mem-
bers of this House that these members of the
committee fairly and frankly corrected the mis-
take into which they had fallen. Has the sit-
ting member nothing firmer upon which to rest
his claim to a seat in this House than the fact
that two or three members of this committee,
in adding up the figures on the first examina-
tion did not, find that it would change the result,
when in point of fact it would. He seems to
think that if he can make out that fact, he has
substantiated his right to the seat. The gen-
tleman seems to be somewhat, in the same posi-
tion as his own inspector of elections. This in-
spector found his powers of arithmetic so poor
that he could not count within twenty of the
number of votes that had been cast for the con-
testant, and by reason of tho consequent excite-
ment in the town he was compelled to make
some explanation; and he came out in a written
statement under his own hand that the ballot-
box had been tampered with—in his absence,
as he says; yet when the contest came off, and
his deposition was taken by the contestant, this
inspector said that the fact that the ballot-box
had been tampered with did not make any im-
pression upon his mind. So tho fact that the
ballot-boxes in four of these preeints were, if
there is any truth in tho testimony, opened in
the absence of the judges of the election and
tampered with to an extent that no man can
toll, seems to make no impression upon the
mind of the sitting member; ho regards it as
altogether unimportant, provided he can satisfy
the House and the country that certain mem-
bers of the Committee of Elections, when they
first closed the argument in this case, failed to
notice the fact that throwing out the vote of one
of these preeints, confessed to have been so
tampered with, would change the result.
_ The sitting member, inhisargument, has not
given his attention for one moment to the fact
that, if you reject the return of Hamilton town-
ship and give the contestant the benefit of the
corrections proved by him in the other town-
ships, the contestant, and not the sitting mem-
ber, is elected. This stands out as plainly as
arithmetic can show it. The only difference
between myself and the other members of the
committee at the time referred to by the sitting
member was, that I happened to have added up
the_ figures while they had not. When I ex-
plained the matter to the other members of
the committee, stating the reasons for my vote,
the whole committee understood the matter at
once.
Mr. MARSHALL. With this personal mat-'
ter I have nothing to do. I wish to draw the
attention of the honorable chairman to one
