1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
after the contract was made: but very shortly
afterward the superintendent commenced mak-
ing changes in the plans of the vessels and in
the mode of doing the work. I will show the
extent to which the changes were ordered. I
will refer very briefly to some of the evidence
that was before the board.
These contracts, as I have said, were made
on the 1st of September. In the latter part
of September the first instructions were given,
the drawings of the particular plans, Nos. 2,
6, 5, 8, and 7, signed by Stimers, the general
inspector.
" On the 9th of October, a second specification was
received from the genera! inspector which demanded
the following chaagcs from the specifications upon
which we built."
The changes are given ; the different items;
the cost of these changes amounting to a good
many thousands of dollars. The Senate will
observe that that was a little more than a month
after the contracts were made. Then again
on the 14th of October, a month and a half
after the contracts were made, other changes
were ordered; again on the 14th of Novem-
ber ; again on the 19th of November, and the
last modifications were very extensive, involv-
ing a great change in the plan of the work and
a great increase of the cost of the vessels. On
the lith of January other instructions were
received, and from time to time thereafter
almost during the entire time of the construc-
tion of the vessels. Messrs. Seeor & Co., I
believe, built live vessels in all, two of this par-
ticular class, and (upon which they sustained
such serious loss) they built three vessels, the
Teeunaseh, the Mahopac, and Manhattan, river
and harbor monitors, a very important class
of vessels. The Senate will observe on page
a of the report a copy of one of the letters
written by Stimers, as general inspector, to the
contractors. That letter is dated December
22, 1862. It commences thus:
, " General Inspector's Office,
" Iron-Clad Steamers.
"413 Broadway, New York, December 22,1862.
"Gextlemi^x: You are probably aware that the
iron-clad steamers JIahopac. Tecumseh, and Man-
hattan, now in process of construction by yon, are, in
theii general plan, simply a modification of the Pas-
saic elas?. Tnat the original design emanated from
Captain Ericsson, the inventor ot this system, and
that this oiiiee was established by the Government,
for the purpose of making and issuing to the vaiiuus
builders ot the vessels the detailed working drawings.
Thedesign of Ca ptain Ericsson contemplated thedcck
covered with one inch thickness of iron. The deck
planking and much of the side armor of pine wood,
and all armor plates to be of fifteen sixteenths inch
thick each.
" After this plan left the hand of the designer, there
was udded another inch to the thickncss of the deck
plating; the pine wood in the deck planks and side
armor was changed to oak: the full thickness of one
inch each was demanded for all armor plates; the
weight of the boilers was increased fifteen per cent.,
and ill some minor respects weight was added to what
was originally intended, until, atter having in vain
protested against these additions, Captain Ericsson
gave notice that he would no longer be responsible
tor tho tlotativc power of these vessels. I have, there-
fore, caused the displacement and the weights to be
carefully osculated, and, to avoid the necessity of
carrying any ballast to balance the vessels, the cal-
culations extended to balancing the weights equally
with thedi;-placemeiif. As the result of these investi-
gations, it has been determined to make the follow-
ing alterations."
I will not undertake to describe to the Sen-
ate what these alterations amounted to, for I
cannot very well understand them myself, not
being a mechanic or engineer ; but they were
very important alterations. This was one of
a series of communications from the general
inspector to these contractors. This was about
midway in the period fixed for the completion
of the vessels, and from time to time onward
alterations were made ; so that, as a matter of
course, the vessels had not approached com-
pletion when the time limited for their comple-
tion had expired. Again, on the 18th of June,
1863, very elaborate instructions were given by
General Inspector Stimers to the contractors.
Senators will find that letter on the 10th, 11th,
and 12th pages of the report, and can see by
referring to it the extent of the alterations and
modifications of the work.
Now, sir, what was the effect of it? As I
said the other day, the entire alterations and
modificationsoftheplan of these vessels caused
extra work to be required, amounting to above
half a million of dollars. That- extra work
was paid for by the Department. There is no
claim by these contractors for that. The point
is just this: that by requiring so much addi-
tional work Mid such a departure from the
original plan from time to time, the work could
not be completed within any reasonable period,
and instead of the vessels being built from the
1st of September, 1862, to the 1st of March,
18G3, the work ran through the whole of the
year 1803 and up to March, April, and May,
1864. If Senators will turn to the 8th page of
the report they can see the effect of this neces-
sary delay, occasioned by the action of the
Government or by the instructions of the gen-
eral inspector, upon the contractors. As a
part of this report, there is a statement of the
advance in the price of labor and material,
which is certified to be correct by Admiral
Gregory who had charge of this work. Let us
take a few of the items.
This contract was made in September, 1862.
It should have been completed in March, 1803,
but was not, and I presume it would not have
been completed at that time, even, if no altera-
tions had been required ; but the modifications
rendered it impossible to complete this work
until eighteen or twenty months after the time
of the contract. Supposing the vessels had
been completed by the 1st of March, 18G3, the
following advances in prices would not have
occurred to the contractors. In September,
1862, flange iron was six cents per pound ; in
March, 1863, it was eight and one fourth cents.
In September, 1862, common iron was sixty-
five dollars per ton ; in March following it was
$87 50 per ton—a very considerable advance.
Now as to labor: finishers in September, 1862,
were receiving eighteen cents per hour; in
March, 1863, they were receiving twenty-one
cents per hour—an advance of three cents per
hour.
Because of the modifications required by the
general inspector these vessels were not com-
pleted until the spring of 1864. Now, I ask
Senators to observe the increased cost of ma-
terial and labor running up to that period, and
I will take the same items. Flange iron in
September, 1862, was six cents per pound; in
May, IStji, it was ten cents. Common iron in
September. 1862, was sixty-five dollars per ton :
in May, 1864, it was $145, being an advance of
more than one hundred per cent. American
iron in September, 1862, was twenty-six dollars
per ton; in May, 1864, it was sixty dollars per
ton, being an advance of more than one hun-
dred per cent. With regard to labor, finishers
in September, 1862, received eighteen cents
per hour; in May, 1864, twenty-eight cents per
hour. Laborers in September, 1862, received
eleven cents per hour, and in May, 1864, twenty-
one cents per hour, an advance of ten cents
per hour, almostone hundred per cent. Smiths,
in September, 1862, received nineteen cents
per hour, and in May: 1864, thirty cents per
hour. Carpenters in September, 1862, received
eighteen cents, and in May, 1864, twenty-seven
cents per hour.
Mr. President, I have referred to the cases
of these three vessels for the purpose of illus-
tration before the Senate. It is impossible
for me to refer to each particular case that is
provided for in this bill; but I give these three
vessels for the reason that the allowance made
by the board to Messrs. Seeor & Co. upon
these three vessels seemed to me to be as large
as any in the list of the awards.
Mr. CLARK. With reference to that point
I desire to say to the Senator that that is one
of the great objections that I have to the bill,
thatthe Senatorand the Senate cannot consider
each case separately by itself. I can conceive
that there might be very good reason why we
should make an allowance to A or to B on
account of the action of the Government in
delaying the work, when there would be no
reason for making an allowance to C or to D.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will speak of that
directly.
Mr. CLARK. The difficulty is, this bill takes
the whole of them together, and we go rather
by illustration of the whole case than by an
examination of the individual cases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not exactly the
case, for the reason that the committee, in the
report made by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye,] have examined each claim and each
case.
Mr. CLARK. Thatmaybe. The committee
may have satisfied themselves, but the Senate
may not be satisfied.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot say that the
Senate will be satisfied, but the committee have
not asked the Senate to take one or two cases
as a matter of illustration. The committee, in
their report, have given the particular facts of
each claim. Thereport does not present these
cases as a matter of illustration, but gives the
facts in each case.
Mr. WILLEY. I merely rise to remind the
Senator from Indiana that the bill also names
each case separate and distinct, just as much
so as if there were distinct and separate bills
in each case. The committee not only report
separately on each vessel, but the bill, although
it provides for all of these claims in the same
bill, does so by clauses, separating the claim
of each.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that perfectly,
because I have examined the bill somewhat;
but here are forty-two cases, as the Senator will
see, put in one bill, on which the Senate is to
pass. We think it enough to pass upon one
claim ; but here we have got forty-two all in
one bill.
Mr. WILLEY. Where is the difference
whether we are to have forty-two bills, or have
hut one bill, when we can take up each case,
or each vessel at a time, as we can do in con-
sidering this bill, framed as it is ?
Mr. CLAE.K. That is not what we are doing.
Senators are trying to carry the whole bill by
an illustration of a portion of these cases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The committee do not
propose to carry the whole bill by illustration,
although in my argument I do not undertake
to examine the particular merits of each par-
ticular case. The report of the committee,
made by the Senator from Nevada, discusses
each case separately, and presents the facts of
each case as fully as the committee were able
to do. But for myself. I content myself with
giving a few illustrations, as the Senator from
Iowa, the other day, selected one or two cases
as an illustration, for the purpose of showing
that some parties claimed largely, while other
parties did not claim nearly so much.
Now, Mr. President, upon these three vessels,
as I said, I thought the award of the board was
as high perhaps as in any case, and I have se-
lected them as being as hard a case to satisfy
the judgment of the Senate upon as any. I
have selected those three vessels, the Tecum-
seh, the Mahopac, and the Manhattan. The
award upon each vessel is $119,000, making
above $300,000 upon the three vessels. If it
shall appear upon a careful examination of the
allowance made upon those three vessels that
it is right and proper, the Senate will not be so
uncertain upon claims where the allowance is
not so large.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit
me for a moment, I have not examined the re-
port very carefully, but I find one case where
the contractors claimed about seventy-seven
theusand dollars, I think, and without showing
upon what principle they had gone precisely,
or without showing that he was not entitled to
that sum, this board cut him down by a sort of
arbitrary rule to the largest allowance they had
made anybody else, to wit, about eighteen thou-
sand dollars. They took another man's case
as a guide for his, which showed to my mind
that this board did not examine into the sub-
ject very carefully.
Mr. flENDRICKS. I will speak of that
directly. On these three vessels that I am
speaking of 8119,000 was allowed upon each.
rI hat seemed to be a large allowance, more than
three hundred thousand dollars upon the three,
