1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
upon a contract considerably above a million
dollars, the entire cost of the vessels, including
half a million of extra work which was ordered
by thegeneral inspector being above two million
dollars. Now, upon work, the contract piice
of which is above a million dollars, the board
allow above three hundred thousand dollars
for losses sustained by the contractors. Upon
an examination of the facts we see that labor
has gone up nearly one hundred per cent, dur-
ing the. time that, this work was carried on ;
some qualities of iron above one hundred per
per cent., and much of it approaching one hun-
dred par cent.; so that when the contract was
made, it was made with a view to the then
prices, and the Government caused the delay
of perhaps a full year by the change in the plan
of the work, and during that period it went on
advancing from month to month until this
enormous price had to be paid for labor and
material. I do not claim that it cost the con-
tractors an additional hundred per cent, for
their material and labor, for much of the work,
of course, was done and much of the materials
were purchased by the contractors before the
labor and materials had reached this very high
price; but I say that in view of the great in-
crease of prices, this allowance did not seem
to me to be extravagant.
The board do not seem to have examined
these cases as an omnibus bill, but they exam-
ined each case, heard the evidence, and decided
upon each case. Take the ease that has been
referred to by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire ; a party claimed $74,000 upon a contract
of $82,000. The bureau of the Navy Depart-
ment in its comm'unication to the Committee
on Naval Affairs has referred to that. It has
not referred to the award made by the board,
but has referred to the claim made by the party.
My notion is, that it was not an honest claim;
at least, it was not such a claim as ought to
have been allowed, and it was not allowed.
The board reducedit to $12,000. The Senator
thought it was $18,000.
Mr. CLARK. I made a mistake.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In fact it was $18,000.
I will explain to the Senator how he has been
misled. The claim was for $7-1,000. J'he
allowance is $18,000; but that allowance of
$18,000 includes about $6,000 of extra work,
■which has been allowedby the Department, but
has not been paid to the parties. The record
shows that; so that the real allowance by
the board for losses was $12,000 instead of
$74,000.
Mr. CLARK. I said they had allowed
$18,000.
Mr. IIENDKICKS. They did allow $18,000,
but $0,000 of that was for additional work
required by the Department.
A word in regard to the Wateree, upon
which the Senator from California [Mr. Cox-
kess] made a specch the other day. He says
he has a personal knowledge of the Wateree
and that it proved to be a defective vessel. I
am not going to discuss with the Senator his
information with regard to that vessel, nor his
competency to judge of whether it was a well-
built vessel or not. He is satisfied that the
'Wateree was not a well-built vessel. The
Department does not agree with the Senator,
although he thinks he got some of his infor-
mation fromtheDepartment.butlthinkin part
he must be mistaken, for the resolution which
authorized the Secretary of the Navy to organ-
ize this board closed with this sentence:
"None but those that, have given satisfaction to
the Department to be considered."
The Secretary of the Navy had no right to
refer any case to this board where the par-
ties in the construction of the work had not
given full satisfaction to the Department.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CONFESS. I deduced my conclusion
with regard to the Wateree in part from the
performance of the ship, which 1 presume.is
very good testimony in the ease. Our sailing
vessels make trips from New York to San
Francisco in, say, one hundred and twenty
days. They have been made within ninety
days or thereabouts, and often within one hun-
dred and one hundred and ten days. How-
ever, those are extraordinary trips. From one
hundred and twenty or one hundred and twenty-
five days to one hundred and forty days is a
common trip for any good sailing vessel; but
the Wateree, a steamship, a new ship, was I
think more than eight months finding her way
there. I only stated what caine within my
knowledge in that connection, and also in con-
nection with that the statement made from the
Department to me on the subject.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator from California
will allow me to make a suggestion to him,
the Monadnock is generally considered a good
ship, and she was five months in getting to liio
J aneiro.
Mr. CONNESS. The Monadnock is a mon-
itor, a ship of an entirely different class.
Mr. CLARK. A double-turreted monitor.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to_ the Sena-
tor from California, I have to say simply this:
that I am surprised that the Wateree ever got
to California at all.
Mr. CONNESS. We were, too.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Anybody who is a judge
of these vessels would be surprised; and the
fact that she labored hard to get to California,
going around South America, and it took her
months to get there, is no evidence that, she is
not a good vessel; and the Senator would
have so known if he had studied the structure
of the vessel and the purpose for which that
class of vessels was constructed. It is not a
sea-going vessel. It was not intended to be.
It is a double ender—a vessel constructed dur-
ing the war, for the purpose of going into the
rivers and creeks; and it is made a dou'ole-
ender because it is likely to be used in rivers
so narrow that they cannot turn. It is made
with rudders and machinery, so that it can run
either way. It belongs to the class of iron
double-enders, and it is not at all a sea-going
vessel. It was supposed to be necessary to
have such a vessel on the California coast, and
so, I suppose, the Department ran the risk of
taking this vessel to sea around this very long
voyage.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the Senator's pardon
for saying one word here. She was not scut
to California to ascend any river.
Mr. I-IENDlllCKS. Then I take that back.
I do not want to discuss immaterial matters.
Mr. CONNESS. She was sent there for a
sea-going vessel, a man-of-war. and is now on
the South American station as such.
Mr. GRIMES. The only difficulty in get-
ting these double-enders around the Pacific is,
while they are in the Atlantic ocean. As the
name indicates, the Pacific ocean is a pacific
ocean, and these vessels, when they are once
around Cape Horn, can perform good service
in the ocean and on the ocean.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have you been on the
Pacific?
Mr. GRIMES. No,, sir; but I have read of
the Pacific, as I suppose the Senator has.
Mr. CONNESS. What the Senator from
Iowa says is true.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is pacific only in name.
Mr. GRIMES. There seems to be a con-
trariety of opinion here. The Senator from
Maryland says that it is only pacific in name,
and the Senator from California says my state-
ment is true.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Mary-
land made one vovage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I made two.
Mr. GRIMES. At any rate, while they are
not adapted to the navigation of the Atlantic
ocean there are two or three of these vessels
there—the Mohongo and the Wateree ; and
these vessels are found to be well adapted, I
believe, to the service thurs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad to hear that
the Department has not made a mistake in
sending these vessels around to the Pacific
coast. I supposed they were intended for the
same sort of service on the Pacific coast that
I have been informed they were intended toper-
form on the Atlantic coast. I believe the Sen-
ator from Iowa, who is very familiar with this
entire subject, agrees with me that they are
not suited for the rough sea of the Atlantic
ocean.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will be kind
enough to permit me to interrupt him one min-
ute further, so as to give him my whole state-
ment of the case. He will remember that I
stated that upon the arrival of the Wateree on
our coast she had to be taken into (lock and a
very heavy expense—I do not state the figures,
for 1 have not got them, but those figures can be
obtained at the Navy Department—a very heavy
expense was entailed upon the Government by-
reason of the bad material used in her con-
struction. That was the statement I made.
That was the information I had from the Navy
Department. I certainly did not, in what I
undertook to say, intend to reflect on the ves-
sel at all, but to state facts that had come
within my knowledge.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend, I will
state to the Senator from California, to give
great weight to this particular case, and there-
fore I do not want to discuss it at great length.
I will say a word or two in reply to him. The
Wateree was not intended for sea service. She
was put upon the ocean and taken around to
California. It took her a long time to go
there. It is a matter of surprise to me that
she ever got there, as she was not intended for
that sort of service. She gets there; she is
bruised and battered during the voyage; ^and
then is placed upon the stocks and is repaired
at great expense.
Mr. COYNESS. I know the Senator will
pardon me for interrupting him again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
to conclude what lie has to say on this subject,
and then I will make a remark or two, and we
ivill drop the subject of the Wateree.
Mr. CONNESS. I give the floor to the
Senator. I do not desire to intrude upon him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator wish
to say anything further?
Mr. CONNESS. As the Senator has called
my statement in regard to the Wateree in
question, I thought it would be acceptable to
him for me to make myself understood on
that subject. The Suwanec, subsequently sent
to the Pacific coast, is a double-ender also, of
the same class as the Wateree, and very nearly
tlie same size. She went there in a great deal
less time, performed better, and when she
arrived there was in good order and condition.
What I said strictly applied to the condition
of the Wateree and her construction.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Suwanee was of
the same class," manufactured by the same
house, at the same yard, for the same price, I
believe, and a little less was allowed for the
ioss on her by the board. She made her voy-
age to California in a little less time than the
Wateree. That does not prove that the Wat-
eree was not a good vessel. As I said before,
I presume the Wateree had to encounter a sea
which her construction and style did not fit her
for, and when she got to California she had to
be repaired. Senators know very well, and
the Senator from California knows very well,
the cost of repairing vessels in California. I
believe that labor cost five dollars and 85 50
per day in gold at the Government works at
Mare Island when gold was 250, making labor
on that coast to cost, in the Government cur-
rency of the country, ten, twelve, or fourteen
dollars a day; and of course it cost a great deal
to repair a vessel there. I do not have it from
the Department, and I do not know how true
it is, but the gentleman told me that one of the
vessels that was constructed in a Government
!| yard was taken to California, and was so bat-
tered in the voyage that she was put upon the
stocks at the Mare Island navv-yard, and it
cost as much to repair her upon that side at
the enormous rates paid there, as it would cost
to build her upon this side. It may not be ro.
|| It cost a very considerable sum of money at
