3884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
awn notions of propriety. I ask the Clerk to
read an extract I have cut from a paper, con-
taining an account of what occurred in the
French Legislature not many weeks ago, for
the purpose of illustrating the difference be-
tween our practice and theirs.
The Clerk read as follows:
"French Liberty op Debate.—In a debate in the
French Legislature on the 16th ultimo, in regard to
thesystem of conscription, a noteworthy passage oc-
curred. The speaker, M. Glais-Bizoin, was urging
an adoption of the policy of Prussia and Switzerland,
of compelling only two or throe years' military ser-
vice. Said ho:
" ' I am convinced that the illustrious author of the
Idics NapQUonienncs has the same convictions now as
when in exile.
"'The President. M. Glais-Bizoin, be pleased to
confine yourself tosection ouo of the Ministry of War,
without any digressions.
"' M. Glais-Bizoin. I am persuaded that the author
of the JYapoleoniennes would not wish to expose
himself to have such words applied to him as were
addressed tho other day by an eminent man to the
Spanish minister in tho Cortes: "Your political dis-
position when in opposition is to speak only about
progress and liberty, and when you are in power to
treat as fools all those who believe in your words."
" 'The President. M. Glais-Bizoin, I stop you and
recall you to tho question. It is your duty to respect
the Emperor. [Great applause.] I bog you will re-
turn to the question, and not again depart from it.
[Renewed applause.] If you go on I shall consult
tiicChamber todeoideifitwill allowyou to continue
speaking. [Exclamations.]
" 'M. Jules Favre. Then wo may as well get our
speeches prepared at the palace of the President.
" 'The PitesmEN'T. I beg M. Jules Fuvre to explain
his words, which I hud very improper.
"'M. Jules Favre. Tho explanation is simple
onough. If every speaker wcro stopped in tho ex-
pression of his thoughts it would be impossible to
discuss anything.
" 'The Pke.sidext. The question is one of propri-
ety, which should never bo violated, and of which I
am tho guardian.' [Applause.]"
Mr. GARFIELD. And I also call attention
to an article from a recent New York daily
which contains many valuable suggestions on
the subject under consideration:
"Paeliahextary Decorum.—Someof our contem-
poraries, who are not enamored of the legislation of
illis historic Congress, me quite profuse in their de-
nunciations o[ it, mid severely criticise its alleged
lack of decorum. They point us, as the Herald. At-
las, and other presses ha\o done, to the British Par-
liament and I'Vem-.h Assembly as tho models which
Congress should imitate. Probably the following
from the Pall MallUazctte of June 2, which graphic-
ally describes a recent scene in the House of Com-
mons, and which has not been livalcd of late years
in the House of Representatives, illustrates tlio de-
corum they desire to hmvo obsorvoddurmgour Amer-
ican discussions:
"' The Awatic gentlemen who last night visited tho
House of Commons witnessed a lemarkablc scene,
which must have rather disturbed their previous
concept ion of the "collcctive wisdom" of a groat coun-
try. For more than an hour, a large gathering of
grave-looking gentlemen wcro engaged in hooting,
howling, and groaning, while an excited little mail
was seen wagging a grey beard and gesticulating
wildly, while every now and then—as the storm
abound him partialy lulled—lie was heard shouting
disjointed fragments of sentences at tho top of his
voice. The oriental visitors probably learned, from
theirintcrpreter, that this was Mr. Whallev discours-
ing about Fenianism and tho Pope, and must have
been rather puzzled to know whether it was terror
of the Irish or hatred of the Pope that causcd such
discord."
"In tho French C<>rj>", we often hear of
equally, boisterous scenes while a member is speak-
ing. Hisses, exclamations, ejaculations, interrup-
tions. tho tinkling of the President's bell, which is
used liko a gavel for tho preservation of order, and
the President, finally despairing of quelling the chaos,
declaring tho session suspended till tho tumult ceases.
'They arc concerned, too—these criticising prc.-ses—at
tho strictures uttered against those in authority, as
it it wcro unprecedented. Ilavethcyforgotteullenry
Clay \s personal invectives against John Tyler? Are
Douglas's bitter denunciations of Buchanan blotted
from history? Wcro Jefferson, Madison, Jackson,
and Franklin Picrce exempt lioin the severest per-
sonal censures? In a land like ours, where theio is
so much independence of thought, more freedom of
discussion and severity of criticism arc expected than
in monarchical countries. And yet the legislators of
Prussia have denounced their mimstiy quite as se-
verely as our ministry have been denounced in Con-
gress; and a. personal allusion by one of the most
gifted of England's orators to the FaMaflian form
and falsifying characteristics of ono of Ins parlia-
mentary opponents, though biting in tho extreme to
its subject, passed unrobuked. In the French Corpn
Lcgithitif the President watchcs the utterances of
members, and, when a disparaging allusion is made
to the Emperor, stops and scolds the offending mem-
bei; and several of these stormy scenes have occurred
there with ill the last year, and tile description of them
has been copied by tho press of tbis City. In both
branches of our Congress a different rule prevails.
The presiding officer does not volunteer, with super-
serviceable zeal, as ill France, to check debaters in
their utterances. They rule promptly when any mem-
ber makes the point of order, but otherwise the free-
dom of debate is unchecked. Perhaps this Congress
compares unfavorably with those where pistols were
drawn in the Senate Chamber, as in the days of Ben-
ton and Mississippi Fooie, or when a Senator was
brutally beaten in his seat for words spoken in do-
bate, and for which he had not been even called to
order; or when southern members crowded around
Giddings's seat to silence his u Iterances, or when Love-
joy's speech provoked a mUec and fight in the area
in front of the Speaker's chair, or when Crawford,
of Georgia, and others stood by the side of Thaddeus
Stevens and by personal threats sought to intimidate
him. But, though there have been some personali-
ties used which might better have been omitted, and
though it has been harshly arraigned both by presi-
dential and Cabinet speeches, we think this Congress
will not suffer by comparison with any of its prede-
cessors of the last quarter of a century."
Now, I wish to say that if the Speaker of
this House were the organ of the Executive
Government, set up over us to exercise his
judgment about what was proper and what
improper in all matters of debate, he would
simply be the censor, critic, and judge of pro-
priety in the House of Representatives, and
might abridge freedom of debate as he should
choose. On the contrary, he is the executive
officer of the House, chosen by the House,
bound by the rules of the House, and subject
to its orders. I admit, as my colleague [Mr.
Spalding] suggests, that it is the duty of the
Speaker to maintain general order and deco-
rum in the House, yet every one knows that
when a member rises to a personal explana-
tion he must have unanimous consent, and the
House, not the Speaker, gives the unanimous
consent.
Mr. SPALDING. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask my colleague,
if I rise in my seat to a personal explanation,
and go on to say that my colleague from tho
nineteenth district [Mr. Garfield] is a liar,
would it not be the duty of the Speaker to call
mo to order?
Mr. GA RFIELD. I take it for granted it
would be.
Mr. SPALDING. Would it not be his duty
to call to order in all cases of personalities
of that sort?
Mr. GARFIELD. I think not in all cases,
for this reason : if any member should thus as-
sail me in the course of debate, I take it that
the Speaker might call him to order. But sup-
pose the member had arisen and had asked
and received unanimous consent of the House
to make some personal remarks, and it was
understood that personalities were expected
when he asked such unanimous consent, then
I take it for granted that while every member
here would have a perfect right to call him
to order the moment he used such disorderly
words, still the custom which has prevailed
and which is now established as the rule of the
House would be observed, and the Speaker
would wait for the House itself to indicate
its wisli in the case, for the House, and not the
Speaker, gives the unanimous consent. If the
House determines that he may proceed, the
Speaker is overruled in the matter, and the
highest authority has given its unanimous con-
sent for personalities.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my col-
league whether the House is over to bo pre-
sumed to have given its consent, even by im-
plication, that a member may proceed in a
discourteous manner—in a personally offensive
manner—to make his explanation.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly not; but I say
that, according to the rules of proceeding in
this House, any one of the one hundred and
eighty-two members is authorized to call the
disorderly member to order; and the failure
of all the members to do it is an indication
that the House is pleased to allow him to pro-
ceed.
My colleague [Mr. Spalding] said yesterday
that his blood chilled in his veins when he
heard the language used by the gentleman
from Iowa toward the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. Why did ho not then use his privilege
as a member to stop it by simply raising the
point of order and requiring the Speaker to
decidc it? After the gentleman from Iowa
had gone to a certain length in his personali-
ties he was called to order. He was stopped
first by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hard-
ing,] and again by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks;] and the point of order
was promptly sustained by the Speaker. After
the gentleman from Iowa had-thus been twice
called to order, the Speaker announced his
determination to call him to order himself, if
he should again violate the rules by personal-
ities; and subsequently, in pursuance of that'
notification, the Speaker did call him to order.
Now, I say that in the three instances named,
the gentleman from Kentucky was protected
by the House. But, it is said, the gentleman
from Iowa was not required to take his seat,
and the offensive words were not taken down.
Whose fault was it ? Why, the gentleman from
Kentucky himself could have demanded it.
He had his remedy. Any one of his friends
could have demanded it. They all had their
remedy. They saw fit to go no further than
simply to call the gentleman from Iowa to
order ; and the call was promptly responded
to by the Speaker. I say, then, that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky had all the protection
that the gentleman from Illinois asked for
him, all that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts asked for him, all that the Speaker asked
for him, and all that he asked for himself. If he
desired any more protection, he ought to have
asked for more. He certainly has no ground
of complaint against the Speaker, who ruled in
his favor on every appeal, notwithstanding the
gentleman had, in violation of parliamentary
law, alluded to the Speaker by name seven-
teen times in the first ten minutes of his speech
of June 11, and had made two offensive and
uncalled-for flings at the Speaker's visit to
Utah and the Mormons.
Mr. DAWES. After the statements which
the gentleman has made, I desire to ask him,
by what authority have we then the right to
arraign tho gentleman from Iowa a second
time ? If he was arraigned by the House for
a transgression of the rules and the House
passed on the question, why should we pass
upon it again ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, that ques-
tion has been so fully, clearly, and ably dis-
cussed in the decision of the Chair that I need
not go into it. But I will make this statement:
if the words of the gentleman from Iowa had
not been objected to, then his language could
not be called in question now. But his words
were objected to by two members as well as by
the Speaker. The words having been objected
to before other business intervened, the case
does not come within the rule which exempts
the member from liability to be called to ac-
count for them.
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
how it was that after half an hour of angry de-
bate had passed the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hulburd] rose in his place and moved
i^that certain charges which had been made and
certain words which had been uttered by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] against
the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Conklino]
should be investigated. Under that motion a
committee was appointed ; and that committee,
after a tedious investigation, have reported to
this House a resolution of censure.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman -frill allow
me, T will explain the difference between the
two cases. The gentleman from New York
proposed to investigate charges which had been
made against a member of the House, not to
arraign the gentleman from Maine for having
transgressed the rules of the House. My idea
of this matter is that, as the words were ex-
cepted to, the gentleman uttering them is ar-
raigned. In pursuance of that exception, and
in no other way, can the gentleman from Iowa
be tried. He was arraigned by the exception,
and we tried him to the extent which we then
thought the offense deserved—whether suffi-
ciently or not I do not care to discuss. But
then we passed judgment, and in my opinion
! we are not at liberty now, when upon reflection
I we are of opinion that we ought to have passed
