1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
any rate. There is no question about that, I
presume.
Sow, sir, we have the evidence of the Depart-
ment in submitting the case of the Wateree to
this naval board that they considered her sat-
isfactory, for the resolution did not allow any
claim to go before the board unless the work
was done to the satisfaction of the Department.
In the nextplace, we have a statement from the
Department addressed to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which the chairman of the com-
mittee read the other day, and there is no
objection made to the Wateree, to her ma-
chinery, or to the style of her construction by
that report that I now recollect. There is some
objection made to another vessel, to some wood
work on the Mohongo, but I believe no objec-
tion was made in that report or memoranda to
any other vessel that is mentioned in this award.
Sow, Mr. President, to conclude what I have
to say on this subject, the Senate at the last
session referred this whole subject to the Navy
Department, and authorized the Secretary of
the Navy to organize a board to estimate the
amount of the losses that were sustained by
these contractors. Was that right? Was it
right for tire Senate to contemjilate the pay-
ment to these contractors of the losses that
they necessarily sustained? As an original
proposition, is it right ? Is there auv Senator
here that desires to see these men broken up
for work done for the Government during the
war? On that subject I will read what is said
in the report of the committee:
" The committee believe that in many other cases
the completion of the work was delayed by the action
of the Department, because it is the concurrent testi-
mony of many of the contractors that such was the
ease, and also because it could not be otherwise, in-
asmuch as ' the art of budding iron-clad ships-of-
warwasnot then perfect; it was yet in e.\peiimcnt,
so much so that constant modifications of the plans
became necessary as the use of completed vessels
discovered dcfects or suggested improvements.' And
it would have been a failure of duty on the part of
the Department had it failed to introduce any im-
provement. at any time during the progress of the
work; and to the fait that diligence and care were
observed ill that regard is-in part to bo attributed the
production of a navy so perfect and so formidable."
But suppose the Government had not inter-
fered at all. and had not from time to time
directed modifications of this work, which
caused delay, and which threw upon the con-
tractors the necessity of buying material and
employing labor at greatly increased prices;
suppose the contractors had made a mistake
simply in regard to the cost of the work; and
suppose that during the war they gave their
entire energies to the production of a navy that
astonished the world: are Senators willing that
these enterprising citizens shall be broken up
in such an enterprise? Was it a commenda-
ble thing that they undertook these contracts?
Our navy-yards were fitted for the work of
ordinary times, but they were not of sufficient
capacily to produce a navy such as was required
during this war. These citizens undertook the
work. They have met with misfortune. Ought
that misfortune to be borne by the people, or
should these contractors be crushed in their
patriotic enterprise? I admit, unquestionably,
that the hope of making a profit may have in-
fluenced them to some extent; but upon that
subject I will ask the attention of the Senate
to the facts repotted by the committee:
"PromMessrs.Lenthall andMierwood, ofthe^Tavy
Department, and Mr. Wood, the seni-ial inspector,
the committee learned that the petitioners entered
into their contracts upon public competition, after
general notice; that the lowest bid in a class was taken
as a ^tandai'd, which those bidding higher had to
adopt, and that the price- were 'barely fair at the then
current rates:' that the petitioners dealt fairly and
hone-tly by the (tuvcrnment in procuring the very
best material which they could command, and doing
the best qualify ot work, and that they were diligent
in au.Miting all measures in their power to complete
vhe work within the stipulated time."
This e\ idenee, as I recollect, was brought be-
fme the committee at the last session, and this
is ttn extract incorporated into this report from
the repot t that, was made to the Senate at the
last session of Congress. Then these contracts
were made by these men at prices barely fair
at the then cui rent rates : barely fair in Septem-
ber, 1862, so far as many of the vessels are con-
cerned. The prices from that time went on from
day to day and from month to month advan-
cing. These contracts were madeby some below
their own propositions, and at barely fair prices
at the then current rates, is there any Senator '
here who wishes to see these men broken up j
merely because they entered into contracts with '
the Government? Is there any Senator here
who wishes to say to thesg men, "We have your
bond, and we will hold you to your bond; we
will take the blood out of your business; we
will have the pound of flash.''
Mr. President, with this evidence before the
Senate I cannot conceive it possible that Sen- !
ators would desire to enforce a rule that between '
private individuals it is felt would be a hard i
rule to enforce. If a mechanic were to enter
iuto a contract with any Senator here for the
erection of a house, and it should afterward be
proved that the material and labor cost much )
more than was expected, is there any Senator
here who would be willing to take that house
upon the bond and see the mechanic broken
up ? As between man and man, this would be
regarded as a hard rule. Between the Govern-
ment and the citizen who undertakes in a time
of pressing need to producc that which the Gov-
ernment must have it is an oppressive and out-
rageous rule, in my judgment, that would hold
him to his contract and his bond.
But, sir, the committee say further:
" The delays occasioned in the work by the changes
of the plans caused large losses to the contractors; [
first, by leaving their labor unemployed for the time [
upon their hands; second, by requiring tlicra to carry ■
insurance and interest; third, by the constant and 1
rapid increase of the cost of labor and materials, and [
the depreciation of the currency, for which the De- I
partment could not give adequate and complete relief. !
Thedeloysworked a special hardship upon the build- ;
ers of the nine vessels first mentioned, as it was pro- |
vided in their contracts that they should each receive -
$500 per day fur every day their vessels were com- j
pleted before the time limited for their completion.
From Mr. Wood, the present general inspector, the I
committee learned that this class of contractors, to 1
overcome the delay occasioned by the changes in the !
plans and waiting for the specifications, and to meet ;
the earnest requirement ot the Department for an ;
early completion of the vessels, prosecuted the work >
at night and on Sundays, and that for such woik they
were compelled to pay double prices, for which the
Department did not and could not make them any
compensation."
Again, they say:
" The committee are satisfied that the petitioners
have sustained, and aie sustaining, heavy losses,
whirh it w~as not in their power to avoid alter mak-
ing their contracts. The contracts were generally tor
large amounts, and required a long time for then-
completion. It was impossible for them to make pio-
vision for all the material required, or to foresee and
provide against the great advance in the price of la-
bor. The demand for iron of peculiar and large sizes
and fine quality was great, the supply small, and the
means of producing it in the country limited. Kew
machinery for preparing and rolling it was necessary;
under such circumstance^ builders of iron ships and
heavy machinery could not contract in advance for
such quantities as would berequired, even could they
advance the money, so that they were compelled to
abide the tortunes of the market. Duiing the prog-
ress of the work, by many of the petitioners, labor
and materials have advanced, perhaps, one hundred
per cent. This was not foreseen either by the reek-
less or the most prudent. The increased cost of labor
and materials outran the calculation of everv one.
Ought the losses resulting from such a state of facts
to fall entirely upon the petitioners? The committee
think not. First, for the reason that the (govern-
ment, by her own competition tor skilled labor and
material, contributed materially to the losses. Sec-
ond, the Government, by the mode and manner in
which she imposed her taxes, contributed to the re-
sult."
I will not read further from the report, and
will now leave this question, so far as T am con-
cerned, with the Senate. When the eases of
these contractors were presented to the com-
mittee. and referred to myself along with the
distinguished gentlemen who were associated
with me on the sub-committee, I gave the sub-
ject very close attention. J soon became inter-
ested in the examination, and during the prog-
ress of the examination I went to the navy-
yard, and I saw one of these vessels, the Maho-
pac, a vessel that has cost the firm who built
it §119,000 more than the Government has
paid for it. That vessel has gone through
the strife of the war. She was m the James
river when her services were very important.
She rendered very valuable service at Fort
Fisher, and came out of it battered and bruised
with the marks of the enemy's cannon balls
upon her. And now, sir, as she lies at your
navy-yard battered and bruised, here, having
come out of the war, proving herself to be a
first-class vessel, of great value in bringing the
war to a close, is there any Senator willing
to say to the enterprising firm who built her,
'' We have got your vessel; she has done u s val-
uable service; she helped to take a most diffi-
cult point, Fort Fisher, where failure had
occurred before; a point that had to be taken
in order to stop the supplies of Richmond; she
has helped to reduce Wilmington; she has
contributed very largely to bringing this war to
a close ; but we will hold you to ytrnr contract,
and you shall bear this loss of $119,000?"
As to the question that is raised, and the
most plausible objection, and the most difficult
to answer, that this is an omnibus bill, we can-
not examine each case. The entire Senate is
unable to do that. But at the last session, upon
the motion of the Senator from Nevada, this
question was referred to the Navy Department.
Are you willing to risk a question of this sort
with the Department that represents the Gov-
ernment? Are you distrustful of the Secretary
of the Navy in the selection of a board? "Who
can best examine a question of this sort? You
admit these men ought not to be broken up for
work they have done during the progress of
the war. You admit that the changes of the
market ought not to fall upon them and crush
them when the Government has received the
benefit of their enterprise and investments.
Then you say we ascertain what allowance
ought to be made? At the last session the
Senate said i£ was a safe thing to submit that
question to the Navy Department, and you said
to the Secretary of the Navy, '' Select a board.''
Yon did not impose the duty of investigation
upon the Secretary himself, but you said to him,
''Select a board and ascertain how much these
men have lost." Were not these men author-
ized to infer from that resolution that you in-
tended to pay the losses that it was proved had
been sustained? You said to the Secretary,
"Organize your board, and submit these cases
to the board, but do not submit any ease where
the JjLork is not entirely satisfactory; but if a
mauias done his work well, if the vessel has
proven to be a good vessel, submit it to the
board, and let the board take the evidence and
report to us how much the losses are." That
is not an omnibus proposition, because each
case went before the board upon its own sep-
arate merits. The board was organized in June,
186!>, by the Secretary of the Navy. For what
purpose? For the purpose of ascertaining,
safely to the Government, fairly to the con-
tractors, what was the amount of loss in each
particular case. Is it not fair to infer that the
Secretary of the Navy would select men that
were qualified for that duty? 1 think he did
select such men. Who are they? I disagree
with the Senator from Iowa with regard to this
board, as I understand it.
Here is Commodore Thomas O. Selfridge.
I understand that before the war lie was in
charge of the navy-yard in California, and was
supposed to be qualified for the very business
of superintending the construction of vessels
and the repair of machinery, and he is now, as
I understand, in charge of the navy-yard at
Philadelphia. Is it not fair to presume, then,
that the learned Senator from Iowa is mis-
taken in his suggestion to the Senate that
Commodore Selfridge was a competent man
on board ship, but probably did not under-
stand iery much about machinery. The Gov-
ernment has found him peculiarly well quali-
fied; and I understand that he was selected
upon this board for the reason that during
most of the time this work was being done and
these contracts made Commodore Selfridge
was in California and knew nothing about
these contractors or their claims, and came as
an entire stranger to them and went upon the
hoard without any feeling, prejudice, or pre-
viously formed opinion. _ 1 submit to Sena-
tors, if Commodore Selfridge is fit t.o be at the
head of the navy-yard at Philadelphia, is he
