1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, al-
though. not a member of this committee I have
examined very carefully the reports of the ma-
jority and minority with ail honest view, if I
know myself, of coming to a correct rote on
this question; not voting because the majority
of the committee have adopted this or that, but
voting on this I would decide it sitting as a
gdge on the testimony adduced before the
ouse. I do not agree with the conclusions of
the majority of the committee, for I think these
four precincts should all be thrown out. I think
where it is impossible to ascertain from the
evidence of the truth of the poll, it is the duty
of the committee and of the House to disre-
gard that vote and throw it out entirely. It
is proved in this case that in each of the four
precincts in question, Hamilton, Cloverdale,
Riley, and Jefferson, the contestant received
more votes than were counted for him by the
judges of election. Now, if every voter in these
precincts had been sworn, or if in any other
way it had been proved how each individual
voter voted, you would have the truth of the
poll. That has not been done in this case.
The contestant has proved by introducing a
good many witnesses that he received a certain
number of votes. None said that he did net
receive others. You could only prove that by
swearing every man who voted or by swearing
some one who knew how every man voted.
What is the condition of the polls in those
precincts? I defy any man to tell me what the
condition of the polls was. You cannot do it.
It is probable, and it is only problematical, that
had the sitting member been diligent in produ-
cing witnesses and taking testimony he might
have proved there were votes enough to elect
him. We must decide for ourselves  
Mr, JOHNSON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair by what rule the gentleman occupies the
floor?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By consent of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had his time extended, but the Chair
doubts whether he can transfer that to another.
The Chair therefore sustains the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FARNS WO RTII. All I wish to say is,
the throwing out of those four precincts elects
the contestant, giving him 11,999 votes, and to
the sitting member 11,883. Now that is all
there is in the case.
The question then recurred on the following
resolution:
Resolved. That Hon. Daniel W. (luly
elected a Representative in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and is entitled to hold and retain his seat in
thib IIou^.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 96, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ancona, Dclos R. Ashley, Boyer,
Brooks, Dawson, Denhon, Eldridge, Kirn:!;, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Hardin?, Hogjin,
Edwin Sr. Hubbell, lngcrsoll, Johnson, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Hitter, Ro-
ger.-'., Itousscau, Shanklin, Strouse, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, and Wright—30.
KAYS — Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Boanian, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brandeirce. Jlrom-
woil, Broomall, Buckland, Bundv, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Culloni, Darling,
Dawet., Dufreos, Donnelly, I>rit<gs, Duraont, Ecklcy,
E^leston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Faiquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, On inncll. Halo, Abner C. Harding, Hart, ilayes,
Itigby, Holmes, Hooper. Ilotehkiss, Dcmas Hubbard,
Rulbiuvl, James Humphrey, Julian, Krlley, Kelso,
GeorgeV. Luwrence,WilliamLawrenec, Loan,Lynch,
Maiston, Marvin, MeClurg. Mclndoe, JlcKce, Mc-
Rner, Merour, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Mvers. Oi tli, Paine, ferham, Pike, Plants, Pnee. Alex-
auderll. Rice, John H.Rice, Rollins,Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Stair, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Acrnam. Burt Van Horn, Eiihu
B.Wa^hburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth. Williams, James r. Wilson, Stephen !:\ Wil-
son, M'indom, and Woodbridjto—96.
.>, OT VOTOt} —Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Bergen, Boutwell, Chanler, Coliroth, Cook, Culver,
Davis, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Gri3wokl, Hariis,
Henderson. Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D.
Hubbard, JohnH.Hubbard. JamesR. Hubbell, James
M. Humphrey, Jenekes, Jones, Kasson. Iveteliam,
Laiflin, Latham, LeBlond, Longyear, MeUullourdi,
Miller, Newoll, Nooll, 0'N.oill, Patterson, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Taber, Thayer, jPrancis Thdmas, John
L. Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Voorhees, Ward,
Warner, Whaley, and Winfield—57.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. PHELPS stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. McCullocgh.
Mr. BROOMALL stated that Mr. Hubbard,
of Connecticut, was unavoidably absent, and
that if present he would hare voted in the
negative.
Mr. DARLING stated that, believing there
was no election in the district, he would vote
"No."
Mr. DR'IGGrS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Longyeae, was unavoidably absent.
Mr. O'NEILL stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Ra.nda.ll,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Hill was
paired with Mr. Bergen, and Mr. Stilwell
with Mr. T\TiF,rt.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, stated that
Mr. Ward was paired with Mr. J. M. Hum-
phrey.
The vote "was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the resolutions reported by the majority of the
committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. If these resolutions are
voted down, would the effect be to refer the
case back to the district?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it
would not.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not believe any-
body can say that the contestant had a legal
majority, and I hope the House will vote it
down. [Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair, after exam-
ining the phraseology of the resolutions, is
of opinion that if they are voted down it would
leave the sitting member in his seat.
Mr. MARSHALL. It wonld then be within
the power of the House to refer it back to the
people.
The SPEAKER. That would be in order
after the resolutions are rejected.
Mr. HALE. I ask for a division of the ques-
tion on the two resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken on the first resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Revolved, That lion. Daniel W. Voorhees is not
entitled to a seat in this House as a Representative
from the seventh district of Indiana in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
The resolution was adopted.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the second resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That Henry D. Washburn is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from thescv-
enth congressional district of Indiana in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 36, not vot-
ing GO j as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Baker, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Bunds*, Reader W,.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Oobb, Dawes,. Defrees. Don-
nelly, ibriggs, Duraont, Eckley. Effgleston,Eliot,Farns-
Varguhar, Ferry, Garfield. Grinnell, Abner C.
Hardin*?, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hooper. Hotchkiss,
Deiaas Hubbard, Hnlburd, James Humphrey,Julian,
Kclloy, Kelso, Kuykendall, Lnflin. Ueorge V. Law-
rence "William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marston,
Maivin, McClure, Jtfc-Indoe, MeKee. MeUuer, Mcr-
cur, Moorliead, Morrill,Morris,Moulton, Orth, Paine,
Perham. Plants, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehcnck, Scofield, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Starr, Stevens. Trowbridge, t-psun, win
Acrnam., Burt Van Horn. 131ihu B. Washburne, vv il-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen Jb\ Wilson, Wmdom, and
Woodbridge—87. ^ , _ . _ , .
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Blame,
Boyer,Brooks, Buckland, Darling, Denison.Mdrulge,
Finck, Olossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Haves, Hosran, Edwin ^.Hubbell, Inger-
soll, Johnson. Kerr, Marshall, Myers, ^ iblack, Nich-
olson. Ritk-r, Rogers, Rousseau. Shanklin, fcmitli,
SiroMse, X: > lor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
and Wrifht—30. , ,
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Anderson,
James St. Ashley, Baldwin, Bergen, Boutwell, Chan-
ler, Coffroth, Conkling, Cook, Callotn, Culver, Davis, •
Dawson, Delana, Doming, Dixon, Griswold, Haj-ris,
Henderson, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard.Chester U.Hub-
bard, J ohn H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James M.
Humphrey, Jenokes, Jones, Kasson, Ketcbam,
croy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stilwell,
Taber, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Robert T. van
Horn, Voorhees, ward, Warner, Whaley, mid Win"
field—60.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COFFROTH stated that he had paired
with Mr. Ashley, of Ohio.
Mr. PATTERSON stated that he had paired
with Mr. Chaijleb.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to the resolution;
and also moved to lay that vote on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the oath of office
be administered to Mr. Washburn.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Henry D. Washburn accordingly ap-
peared at the Speaker's desk and was duly
qualified.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING TO-MORROW.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
that when the House meet to-morrow they meet
for debate as in Committee of the Whole on the
President's message, and for no other business.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
SENATOR CRESWELL'S ORATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That thero be printed for the use of the
House twenty thousand copies of the address of tha
Speaker and the eulogy of Hon. J. a. J. Ceeswell,
delivered on the 22d instant, and that the same bo
printed in the Congressional (Jlobe.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made it
cannot be received. - -
Mr. STEVENS. Let it go to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I objeet.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to secure the speedy construc-
tion of the Northern Pacific railroad and tele-
graph ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
TENURE OF CIVIL OFFICE.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to define more particularly the
tenure of civil office; whicli was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
WILLIAM BLISS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House certain papers in the case of Wrilliaro
Bliss and others, copies of the same being left
on file.
LEAVH 03? ABSENCE.
Mr. ANCONA asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Boyer for ten days.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. J. M. Humphrey for ten days.
Mr. CONKLING asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Ward for ten day«.
Mr. DRIGGS asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Loxgyeak for five days.
GETTYSBURG MONUMENT.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill (H. R. No. 283) to exempt the Gettys-
burg national monument from duties and ex-
cises, with an amendment in the form of a
substitute.
The substitute was read. It provides that
all materials or manufactures subject to inter-
nal duties, or imported from abroad subject to
imposts or other charges, to be used in the eon-
