1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
one word. The same ex-Governor of Ohio,
not the Governor at that time, I think in 1853,
came to the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania and begged through this act upon the
faith that the road should be built into the
State of Pennsylvania according to the provis-
ion of the Ohio charter.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am informed that the
Governor was told by the railroad president
that the charter might be restored if he would
run the Ohio road so as to connect with the
Pennsylvania Central road some fifty or sixty
miles east of the city of Pittsburg, and thus
turn the tide of travel into that channel. He
could not accept justice on such a condition,
and so abandoned any attempt to obtain a res-
toration of the company's rights from the Penn-
sylvania Legislature, and now they appeal to
this body to take that important work under
national protection and allow the road to be
completed.
The bill provides that the rights of the com-
pany shall be guarantied to them by the Con-
gress of the United States, and in case litiga-
tion shall arise they shall have access to the
courts of the United States.
I hope to be able 011 a future day—when the
general national railroad bill, which I had the
honor to introduce a few weeks ago, comes up
for discussion—to go into the whole question of
commerce among the States as I have not the
time to do now.
I believe the time has come when the Gen-
eral Government must use the authority clearly
vested in it by the Constitution "to regulate
commerce among the States," and not allow
States and close corporations to block that
free commercial intercourse which is the life
of industry and vitality necessary to the growth
and harmony of the Union. In order that the
House may understand the spirit and policy
of the Pennsylvania Legislature on this subject
I append the opinion of Justice Grier, of the
Supreme Court, on the repeal of the Pittsburg
and Connellsville Railroad Company's charter.
His Honor Judge McCandless, in the United
States circuit court, read the following opinion
of Judge Grier in the case of the Mayor, &e.,
of Baltimore vs. The Connellsville and South-
ern Pennsylvania railroad. The case was
argued at Williamsport on the 20th of June
last by 13. H. Latrobe, Esq., and Hon. Rev-
erdy Johnson on the part of the city of Balti-
more, and Judge "Walter H. Lowrie and G. P.
Hamilton, Esq., for the Southern Pennsylvania
railroad.
Opinion of the. Court.
The single question for decision in this ease is cor-
rectly stated in the argument of tho learned counsel
for the respondent, as follows:
The charter of the Pittsburg and Connellsville
Railroad Company contains the following provision,
namely: "If said company shall at any time misuse
or abuse any of the pihileges herein granted, the
Legislature may resume all and singular the rights
and privileges hereby granted to suuh corporation."
^ Under this clause the Legislature, by an act passed
m 1801, revoked and resumed all and singular the
rights and privileges granted to said company, so far
as the same authorized it to construct any line or
lines of railway southwardly or eastwardly from
Connellsville.
Is this repealing act repugnant to the Constitution
of the United States ontEegroundthatitimpairsthe
obligation of the cun tract between the State and the
company?
The objections made on the argument to the form
of the pleadings and the right of the complainant to
have the remedy sought in his bill will be found over-
ruled in a similar case by the Supreme Court. We
refer to the case of Dodge vs. Wolsey, 18 Howard,
336. In that case the complainant was a stockholder
in the corporation, whose interests were likely to be
injuriously afl'eeted by theState legislation, if it should
be carried into effect. In this case tho complainant
is a creditor, who, on the faith of legislative acts grant-
ing certain franchises and privileges to the Pittsburg
and Connellsville Railroad Company, has advanced
large sums of money, which have been expended in
constructing their road. It that corporation submit
to this act of the Legislature, divesting them of the
most valuable part of their franchises, the security
and rights of fho complainant would be mateiially
injured. Tile bill is in the nature of a bill Quia temet,
and the complainant has a right to the remedy sought,
if the court should be of opinion that the act of 1864
impairs the obligation of the original contract or act
of incorporation granted to the Connellsville Rail-
road Company.
The only question, then, is as to the validity of this
act. The act repealing the franchises of the corpo-
ration, or material part, and transferring its fran-
chises and property to another corporation without
its consent, impairs the obligation of the original
contract, is not and cannot be denied. Nor is it
denied that an act granting corporate privileges to
a body of men who have proceeded on the faith of it
to subscribe stock and borrow money, and expend it
in the_ construction of a valuable public improve-
ment, is a contract, and that it is not in the power
ot either party to it to repudiate or annul it without
the consent of the other.
_ The State claims no sovereign power to repudiate
its contracts or defraud its citizens, and the Constitu-
tion delegates no such power to the Legislature.
II in the act of incorporation the-Legislaturcretains
the absolute and unconditional power of revocation
for any or no reasons; if it be so written in the bond,
the party accepting a franchise on such conditions
cannot complain if it be arbitrarily revoked; or if this
contract be that this Legislature may repeal the act
whenever in its opinion tho corporation has misused
or abused its privileges, then the contract constitutes
the Legislature the arbiter and judge of tho existence
of that fact.
But the case before us comes within another cate-
gory. The contract doos not give an unconditional
nght to the Legislature to repudiate its contract.
Nor is the Legislature constituted the tribunal to
adjudge the question of fact as to the misuse or
abuse. Moreover tho case before us admits tha.t the
condition of facts upon which the Legislature is au-
thorized to repeal the act does not exist. It admits
that tho corporation has neithel "misused or abused
its privileges.". A charter may be vacated by the
decree of a judicial tribunal, in a proper proceeding
for that purpose, without auy such reservation in the
act. Then both parties are heard and the verdict of
ajury on the facts can be obtained, which concludes
the question. But the Legislature possesses no judi-
cial authority under the constitution, and has no
established course of proceedings in the exercise of
such power.
The party who is injured by its action isnotheard.
The reasons usually alleged in the preamble to such
acts are themere suggestions of some interested party,
seeking to speculate at the expense of others. Pro-
fessional solicitors who infest the lobby are over
ready for a sufficient consideration to impose on the
good nature of honest but often careless legislators
by the suggestion of any necessary falsehood.
If any one should feel curious as to the method
used by agents of corporations to obtain such legis-
lative acts as may be desirable, they will find them
tully exposed in the opinion ot the Supreme Court,
delivered in the case of Marshall vs. Baltimore and
Ohio P^ailroad Company, 16 Howaid, 333.
We do not intend oven to insinuate that any such
secret services by "skillful and unscrupulous agents,"
"stimulated to active partisanship by the strong lure
ot high profits," to use "most efficient means" to get
the vote "of the careless mass of legislators" have
been used in this case. But we do say that the re-
citals in the preamble to this act exhibit a labored
attempt to justify a more than doubtful exercise of
power by an array of reasons which, even if true in
fact, might he demurred in law as insufficient.
The act does not contemplate the exercise of the
right of eminent domain by which the property of
individuals or corpoiations maybe taken for some
public use on making ample compensation. Its ob-
ject is to transfer the franchises and property of one
corporation, anxious by every means ill its power to
complete a valuable public improvement, to another
whose interest it is notto complete tho road, andwho
are not required to do so at any time in this or the
next century. Where in a case like the present the
Legislature are asked to take the property of one
corporation and give it up to another, on the ground
that one has misused or abused its privileges, the just
and proper mode would be to pass a resolution order-
ing tho Attorney General to institute the proper legal
proceedings to ascertain thefactof " misuse or abuse."
If such issue be found true, then that the charter be
revoked or resumed. We do not say that without
such judicial proceeding ascertaining the existence
or condition in which the right ot repeal is reserved,
the act is absolutely void; but we do say that in ail
such oases the party injured, if he denies the exist-
ence of such "misuse or abuse," has a right to be
heard, and to have that question tried before ho shall
surrender his property or his franchise. We do not
think it necessary to notice the numerous and con-
flicting cases which have been brought to our notice
by tho learned counsel.
In the ease of tho Erie and Northeast Railroad vi.
Casey, 26 Pennsylvania and 1 Grant, the court found,
after a full hearing of the parties, that the fact of
"misuse or abuse" did exist, and therefore the act
was not void.
It cannot, therefore, be any precedent for a case
which admits that such facts do not exist. Tho prin-
ciples of law, so far as they affect this c.ise, are very
clearly a.nd tersely stated by Chief Justice Lewis, in
his opinion to be found in 1 Grant. 275, with a review
of the cases and a proper appreciation of that from
Iowa.
The sum of the whole matter is this:
1. The complainant has shown a proper case for the
interference of the couit in his favor.
2. That the act complained of is unconstitutional
and void under the admissions of the ease.
3. The complainant is entitled to the decree of the
court on the pleadings as they stand.
4. That the defendants liavc leave to withdraw their
demurrer and answer over; and if they shall so re-
quest, an issue will bo ordered to try whether the
Pittsburg and Connellsville railroad have misused
or abused their charter.
I am authorized to say my brother McCandless fully
concurs in this opinion.
Bill dismissed to the Governor, as his acts can do
neither harm nor good to either party. Respondents
have thirty days to file answer and request issue. If
not done in that time final decree according to the
prayer of the bill. Per curiam;
R. C. GRIER.
I now call for the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman to let me say a few words on
this bill.
Mr. GARPIRLT). I decline to yield.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
49, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; andMessrs. Garfield,
and Randall of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 34.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. A-NCONA demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered.
Ihe question recurred on the amendment.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. LB BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays41. notvoting,
G5; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Seaman,
Bidwell, Bingham, Bromweii, Euckland,Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling,
Cook, Davis, Delano, Bodge, Driggs, Dumont, Eck-
loy, K?gle«ton, Eliot, Earnsworth, Far^uhar, Ferry,
Garfield, Hale, Abner C. Harding. Hart, Henderson,
Higby, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, James Humphrey, In&ersoll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, George
v . Lawrence, "William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Mar&ton, McClurg,^ McRuer, Moorhead/
Moulton, Paine, Peiham, Prieo, Raymond, Rollins,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
ITenry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, and James F. Wilson—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Blaine, Bran-
degee, Ciianler, Dailing, Dawes, Det'rees, Deminjr,
Finek, Glo^brenner, Harris, Chester D. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphiey, Johnson,
h /,1 I a*, Ti /,v.,, 7 « 1 j I rt v, .1 ^ ^*1 ..it - _ _-*r_ 11 r .
SUereave4*, Strouse, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble,
William B. Washburn, Windom, and Wright—41.
NOT V0TIN(i—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Barker,
Benjamin, Bergen, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Broom-
all, Bundy, CuUom, Culver, Dawson, Denison, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eldridge, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell,
(xnswold, Aaron Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,.
Uulburd, Jones, Ivasson. Latham, Maishall, Mc-
Indoe. Melvee, Morrill, Noell, Patterson, Phelps,
Pike. Plants, Pomeiov, Radford, William II. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, Jonu H. ilice. Hitter, Rog-
ers, Rom-seau. Shanklin, Smith, Stihvcll,l\iber, Tay-
lor, Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Burt Van
Horn. Robert T. Van Horn.'Ward, Warner, Eiihu B.
Washburne, Stephen i\ Wilson, Winlield, and Wood-
bridge—65.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. JOHNSON stated tliat his long absence
was occasioned by sickncss.
Mr. "WRIGHT, I think this bill is an inva-
sion of the rights of the States, and Ivoto ';no."
I will state, also, that my colleague, Mr. Rog-
ers, is abfent; if he were present he would
vote no."
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider ihe
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OllDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the next business in order is the con-
sideration of House bill No. 450, to reduce and
establish the pay of the ofiicers and to regulate
