1006
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
structiou of the national monument at Gettys-
burg shall be exempt from all duties and im-
posts.
Mr. MORMLL. I understand the corn-
tee have made arrangement already for the
monument to be purchased and manufactured
abroad.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. While I am in
favor of the monument, I dissent from the pol-
icy of going abroad for the materials if they
could have been got in America.
Mr. MORRILL. I would have been op-
posed to it if I had been 011 the committee of
arrangement.
Mr. FERRY. The monument is to be made
in America; the statues are to be made abroad.
It is impossible to procure the statues in this
country, or it is so deemed by the executive
committee, and they have requested that the
monument thus to be made be exempted from
tariff and excise. Proposals have been made,
all by American artists, the material to come
from abroad. That seems to be a necessity in
regard to the material for the four statues sur-
rounding the monument. I trust the House
will not object to the passage of this bill. The
amount to be exempted will be about three
thousand dollars, and certainly there can be no
objection to relieving the Monument Associa-
tion and the States at large that are interested in
this object of this small pittance.
Mr. 'MORRILL. I will state that the amount
of subscriptions is already sufiieient to carry
out the object if this bill should pass. If it
should not it will be necessary to call upon the
Stales for further contribution, which is thought
to be rather inconvenient at the present time.
1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third readingj and being engrossed
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MOURILL. I move that the title bo
amended by striking out the last word ''ex-
cises" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
u imposts and charges."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
llkl-i anft acctimont insurance company.
Mr. IIALK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the National Life
and Accident Insurance Company; which was
read a first and second lime, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
1 tjbmc lands in michigan.
Mr. DlUOrGft, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
grantinglands tothe vState of Michigan which
was read a lir.st and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ALLIKON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and fifty-live minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions', &c.,'wcre presented under
the rule, and refeired to the appropriate committees:
By tho SPEAKER: The petition of Captain D.
McDougal, Commanders Parker and Shirley, and
other naval officer;- at. Mare Island navy-yard, Cali-
fornia, and serving m tho Pacific squadron, lor in-
crease of pay.
By Mr. ALLISON: Tho petition of A. B. F. Hil-
dreth, and 31 others, citizen? of Floyd county, Iowa,
praying Government aid for 1. A ship-canal connect-
ing Lakes Eric and Ontario with the Hudson river;
2. improvement of Fox and Wisconsin rivers; X Tho
enlargement of Illinois and Michigan canal and tho
improvement of Illinois river; and 4. The improve-
ment of iherapidsand the removal of obstructions in
tho Mississippi and other rivers.
By Mr, AbHLEY. of Nevada: A memorial from tho
Legislature of tho State of Nevada, against tho sale
of mineral landa.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Pardon W orscly,
for compensation for services rendered the Govern-
ment. _
By Mr.BEAMAN: The remonstrance of W. & 1C.
H. Humphrey, and others, citizens of Adrian, Michi-
gan, protesting against the passage of tho bill rela-
tive to the sale of postage stamps and stamped en-
velopes on credit.
By Mr. BIDWELL: A petition from John M.
Avery, California.
Also, petitions from the officers of tho Navy at-
tached to the navy-yard at Mare Island, California,
and serving in the Pacific squadron.
Also, the petition of tho Teamsters' Association
in California.
By Mr. DUMONT: The remonstrance of George
Fleece, LoganRussell.M.T.Russcll, James M.Proc-
tor, and 100 others, citizens of Hendrick county, In-
diana, praying that the rebel States may not be ad-
mitted back until they secure equal rights to all men,
so that all men, white and black, may stand equal
before the law; also, praying that the leading trai-
tors may be tried and punished. •
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of C. Aultman &,
Co., praying to be relieved from duplicate taxes on
manufactured agricultural implements.
Also, the petition of wool-growers of Smithfield,
Jefferson county, Ohio, asking for a further duty on
wool.
By Mr. FINCK: The memorial of George II. Fric-
hardt, and others, manufacturers and dealers in paper
and envelopes, of Circlevillc, Ohio, against the pas-
sage of the bill authorizing the Postmaster General
to soil stamped envelopes at tho value of the stamps
impressed thereon.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of citizens of
Mahoning county, Ohio, against the restoration of
any State that has rebelled and warred against tho
United States till adequate security has been ob-
tained against its ronowing the attempt to secede;
and the adoption of amendments of tho constitutions
of the rebellious States repudiating all debts incurred
in rebellion; and also adopting amendments of the
Constitution of the United States giving equal suffrago
to all persons without regard to race or color.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of John Smith,
asking the bounty due in the case of two years' ser-
vice, he having been honorably discharged by reason
of sickness four days before tho expiration of said
service of two years.
By Mr. MARVIN : the remonstrance of R.'Durkeo,
and others, of Saratoga Springs, Now York, against
the sale of'stamped envelopes at tho cost of stump.
Also, tho petition of George W.Ileaton, J. Wood-
bridge, and 215 others, of Gloversville, New York,
praying for an 'amendment of the Constitution to
provide security and equality before tho law to
loyal mon of tho South, without distinction of color.
Also, tho petition of Ueorgo W, Ileaton, and 247
others, of Gloversville, New York, for an amendment
of tho Constitution so as to provide for the election
of President and Vice Presidont by a diroct vote of
the people.
By Mr. MOORIIEAD: A petition from citizens of
tho United States, against the adoption of the free
trade policy by Congress.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of Gcorgo B
Greeco, of Windsor, Vermont, and 112 others, praying
Congress to impose such conditions upon the rebel
States as shall punish treason with loss of power and
ineligibility to office, and which shall demand the
aboliiitum of all distinctions on account of color or
race; also, to immediately amend tho Constitution
so as to mako those conditions imperative and per-
petual.
Also, tho petition of W. F. Kenison, of Burke, Ver-
mont, and 41 others, praying that the rebel States
may not bo restored until ample socurity shall have
been given against a lenewal of tho attempt at
secession.
Also, petitions proposing several amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, whereby tho
rights of (ho whole people may ho better protected.
Also, tho petition of Leonard Pearson, of Windsor,
Vermont, and -19 others, nraying that tho Constitu-
tion may bo so amended that the President and Vice
President may be chosen by tho qualified voters of
tho United States directly without tho intervention
of Electoral Colleges; limiting the privileges of vot-
ing for those officers to citizens who can read; and
requiring that no ono shall be abridged or affected in
his enjoyment of the elective franchise by reason of
racc, color, descent, or social condition.
By Mr. PAINE: Tho petition of Julia A.Francis,
for a pension.
By Mr. PERU AM: The petition of John B. Morri-
son, and Go .others, for establishment, of a post route
from Mil ton, via Bean's Corner, toNorthChesterville,
in the State of Maine.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: Tho petition of
Horace Partiidge, and others, against the bill author-
izing their sale of stamped envelopes by the Postmas-
ter General.
By Mr. ROUSSEAU: Tho petition of Mrs. U. S.
Grant, Mrs. J. S. Smith, Mrs. Robert Farnham, and
Mrs, J. L. Carlisle, a committee on behalf of the lady
directors of the "National llomo for Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphans," asking that the Surgeon General
may be authorized to transfer to that institution ccr
tain Government stores.
By Mr. WARD: Joint resolutions of tho Legisla-
ture of tho State of New York, urging legislation for
such measures as will bo calculated to improve and
facilitate the navigation of the, great lakes, and recom
mending a grant of public land to aid the construc-
tion of the Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship
canal.
Also, tho petition of numerous officers and soldier
of the twenty-seventh congressional district of New
York, asking for an equalization of bounties.
By Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois: The petition of
Seth V. Shooklcy, and 100 others, citizens of the third
congressional district of Illinois, praying Congress
not to admit the rebel States into the Union until
adequate security be obtained against their renewing
the attempt to secede.
notice op a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was referred to tho appropriate committee:
By Mr. BEAMAN: To continue in force and to
amend an act entitled " An act to establish a Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees," and for
other purposes.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 24, 186C.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
president's message.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
on yesterday, business to-day is to be confined
to debate, as in Committee of the Whole on the
state oftlieUnion, upon the President's annual
message. Upon that subject the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Plants] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. PLANTS. I will yield to my colleague
[Mr. Clarke] for the present, with the hope
that I may obtain the floor after he shall have
concluded his remarks.
reconstruction.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, not-
withstanding the bitterness of feeling in which
the rebellion was projected, and the more than
savage ferocity with which it was prosecuted,
still the hearts of the loyal people of the nation
are full of tenderness, and ready to respond
with kindness to the appeals of our erring
brethren whenever those appeals are made in
the spirit that ought to touch our sympathies
and challenge our forgiveness.
If wo appear to move cautiously in the work
of reconstruction, and to consider the measures
necessary to that end with more than ordinary
deliberation; if we appear tardy in the eyes of
those lately in rebellion in our advances to- '
ward their restoration to their former condi-
tion in the Union, it should be a full answer to
them, and an ample justification to us, in the
judgment of all impartial minds, that we have
not only good cause to be deliberate, but that
haste in such an undertaking, with such great
responsibilities depending upon what we do in
that behalf, would not only bring roproach.upon
us as a deliberative body, but expose the coun-
try to results more calamitous, if possible, than
those from which we have but just emerged
after a four years' war.
The limes in which we live, and the people
with whom we have to deal in this work, are
worthy of careful consideration, for without a
just appreciation of them we have no assur-
ance that our labors will be either wise or well-
timed. Old things are passing away, and new
ones are taking their places; old ideas, old
errors, are fading out in the sunlight of truth,
and old customs and practices, based on ex-
ploded dogmas, are everywhere crumbling into
ruins, and a higher and holier order of things
succeeds, keeping pace with the moralizing and
Christianizing innuenceswhich mark with espe-
cial significance the ruling spirit of the times.
Slavery, that but a short time since was re-
ceived as a God-given institution to man, has
fallen under the ban of a purer morality and
gone down with the curses of the Christian
world resting upon its memory. Four brief
years have done the work for that monstrous
institution of outrage and wrong and crime
against humanity.
With the fall of slavery must also fall the
things pertaining thereto; the thing that was
yesterday a chattel is to-day a man, and the
master who yesterday had his heel upon the
neck of his slave to-day meets that slave upon
the level of a common equality in all that per-
tains to the natural and civil rights of man.
These changes are suddenly thrust upon us,
and upon those with whom we are dealing in
