1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
—&« ■ i
the work of reconstruction, and necessarily re-
quire to be kept constantly in view in what-
ever is proposed as a solution of the great
question.
The negro is in our hands—his well-being,
his liberty, his life, are all at our mercy, and
whether we like or dislike the labor of. provid-
ing for his future destiny, it falls upon us as a
charge of the most solemn and obliging char-
acter. Through the providence of God he has
become a freeman, and we must see to it that
the great purposes his deliverance is intended
to effect are not lost through our neglect.
These things cluster around the question
of reconstruction, aild require to be carefully
considered ; we are our brother's keeper, and
must see that even-handed justice shall be
meted out to the black man if possible; at least
he must be protected from outrage until time
and the refining influences of the new order of
things shall bring our erring brethren to a right
appreciation of the dignity of man and the duties
and obligations that manhood imposes upon all.
And while we should not judge too harshly,
we cannot forget that the rebellion was pro-
jected deliberately, projected by men of great
capacity and of the highest respectability, oc-
cupying the most important and commanding
positions in the South, many of them holding
seats in these Halls, solemnly sworn to support
the Constitution, and who, regardless of their
oaths, left their places here with the openly-
declared purpose of going to their respective
constituencies to kindle in the hearts of their
loyal and unsuspecting people the fires of re-
bellion, to instruct them in the lessons of trea-
son, and to make war upon the nation. Other
prominent leaders, wearing the uniform' of the
Army and Navy of our Government, who had
long years been the recipients of its beneficence
and honors, abandoned their duty and their
allegiance and, laying perjury upon their souls,
became the willing and active leaders in the
war of the rebellion, eagerly seeking to destroy
the Government which their duty and their
oaths bound them alike to defend. These are
the schoolmasters of the rebellion ; these are
the men who have taught treason as a science
to the people of the South ; these are the men
who have kept up this bloody crusade upon our
country for four years, and who only yielded
when their last man was conscripted, their last
dollar expended, and their last ration consumed
—then, indeed, they hauled down their insult-
ing flag and acknowledged their cause lost.
Rarely in the history of civilized man have
we a parallel of the savage spirit with which they
earricd on the war. With a hatred fiendish be-
yond comparison, they disregarded the laws of
war and the common sentiments of humanity
by refusing to accept the surrender of prison-
ers, choosing rather to butcher them after they
had thrown down their arms and begged for
quarter. They bayoneted the wounded who
fell into their hands; they put prisoners in
death-pens by thousands, to destroy their lives
by the process of exposure and starvation; they
sported with the suffering of their prisoners, and
taxed their ingenuity to invent new methods of
torture ; they invaded the sanctity of the grave
by digging up the buried dead who had fallen
in battle bravely fighting for their country, and
dishonoring their bones by appropriating them
to base and degrading purposes, in savage de-
rision of those brave men who loved their conn-
try better than life, and who died to redeem it
from the bloody grasp of a wicked, relentless,
godless rebellion.
These are the men, these plotters and teach-
ers of treason and leaders of the rebellion,
who are clamorous for an immediate uncondi-
tional return to their original status in the
Union. I do not array these charges against
them to increase the indignation they naturally
inspire in the breasts of all Christian people,
but I desire that the world shall know, now and
hereafter, the men with whom we have to deal
in the work of reconstruction, that the world
may comprehend the force of circumstances
with which we are surrounded.
I do not doubt there are loyal men in all
those States. I do not doubt they are all tired
of the wicked war they have been waging
against the Union. I do not doubt they are
convinced it was not only a great folly, but a
great crime, to begin that war, and that it has
proved an ever-memorable curse to them, and
to the entire South, in the terrible desolation
of life and property it has wrought. And fur-
ther, I do not doubt that it leaves stings and
wounds jpd scars, as well as heart-burnings
and hates and curses, unutteredthey may be,
but deep-seated and bitter, that in many need
but a word to move their souls to mutiny.
Now, sir, while I am ready to forgive the
offender who manifests sincere repentance,
however,great the crime, and while lam anx-
ious for an early restoration of these people
to their lost estate, I cannot forget the care I
am sworn to take of the Constitution of my
country, and with it the great structure of free
government, which require that I should first
look to the household of faith, and to be very
sure that in all that is done or proposed no
unnecessary danger is to be risked to the coun-
try. Much as I sympathize with these misled
people, and much as I desire that they be healed,
I am more bound in duty and affection to those
who have stood firm in their integrity and pre-
served the nation from the wrath of its assail-
ants.
Much has been said as to the relation which
the rebel States have sustained and do now
sustain to the Union. It is a question about
which great differences of opinion exist, but
in the light I view the whole subject, I do not
conceive it important how the conclusion may
settle down on that question; our duty is the
same, the evil is the same, and the remedy the
same. There was a time when these States
were all in harmony with the Union, enjoying
its protection, and sharing its prosperity; their
Senators and Representatives were occupying
honorable' seats in this Capitol, making laws
for the nation; their men of mark—and they
had many of them—were commanders in our
Army and Navy, in diplomatic service abroad,
judges of Federal courts, Cabinet ministers,
were everywhere where distinguished ability
was required. Suddenly these Halls were aban-
doned by them; judges and marshals and post-
masters and commanders of fleets and armies,
of forts and arsenals, custodians of the public
property and treasure everywhere in the South
renounced the national authority and their alle-
giance to it, and took part with the rebellion.
State Legislatures and State conventions assem-
bled and adopted, in all possible solemnity,
ordinances of secession, and the entire machin-
ery of a new hostile government was installed
and assumed life and motion, and all the visible
ligaments by which those States were connected
with the Union, to appearance, totally severed.
These are the facts, call them by what name
you will. Unconstitutional, as we contend,
and therefore void in Jegal contemplation, hut,
nevertheless, aimed to be effectual in dissolv-
ing the Union, and practically for four years
as completely successful as though warranted
by express constitutional provisions. For four
years these insurgent States were without rep-
resentation in Congress, without the recognized
right to such representation; for four years
the civil authority of the national Government
was suspended in those States; our custom-
houses were abandoned or inthecontrol of reb-
els: our postal system broken up; our Federal
courts closed; all the machinery of civil gov-
ernment under the national authority completely
paralyzed, was unknown, and all that time a
new government was set up and acknowledged
by them, hostile to the Union, making war upon
us with all the energy and power it could em-
ploy, lacking only success to impart to it the
dignity and permanency of a nation.
At the end of the struggle, when this rebel
organization was overpowered by the irresisti-
ble weight of the military arm of the Union;
when battles ceased because the foe was van-
quished, then came peace, and statesmanship
is summoned to take the place of arms, and
conduct victory to its logical conclusions, the
establishment of a permanent peace, with all
proper guarantees' against" repeated; violence
fromJ.he same source, and for the same causes
especially, and all other proper measures of
future security which the lessons and experi-
ence of the past shall suggest." "
Whether in the Union or out of it doeff not
change, in any manner, our high duty to" Make
a wise and wholesome use of the victory, and
see that nothing is left undone that is necessary
for the future national peace. The interest of
the nation is first to be consulted—what it needs
must be secured; when-that is done, then what- '
ever of tenderness and lenity maybe safely tod
prudently extended to the insurgent States, no
just and liberal mind will seek to withhold.
Like the prodigal son, they have abandoned the
parental mansion, have taken their portion and
spent it in riotous living; become poor, naked,
famished, feeding ujion husks. But unlike the
prodigal son, they have none of his penitent
spirit. He would arise and go to his father,
and say, " Father I have sinned against heaven
and before thee, and am no more worthy to be
called thy son." Not so-with our rebel breth-
ren. No penitence, no acknowledgment of er-
ror. no manifestation of the return of filial or
fraternal regard, but a sullen, reluctant sub-
mission to the force of circumstances they can-
not control.
They rebelled and made war upon us; we met
them with the force of the nation and subdued
them; and just where the war left them, legis-
lation takes charge of them. The war was
waged against them to prevent them from over1
throwing the Government. Our armies accom-
plished their great duty; they did it well; they
prevented the destruction of the Union by sub-
duing and disarming its enemies; and now it
is our duty, as statesmen, by wise and well-con-
sidered measures, to secure to the country the
fruits of victory achieved'by our arms, to cer-
tainly present any further efforts, by war or
otherwise, on the part of the insurgents, to break
down our Government; and we are not required
to involve ourselves in a needless wrangle as to
their status, whether they are in or out of the
Union, whether they remain States or mere
masses of disorganized people. They were once
States in the Union, and are destined to be so
again, I trust, and to enjoy as such all the rights
and privileges of the most favored. But when
that blessing shall descend upon them it must
be accompanied by such just and needful regu:
lations. applicable to all, as shall give unmis-
takable guarantee against all possible contin-
gency whereby the peace, the prosperity, the
life of the nation may again be put m peril.
The efforts of the President in restoring the
civil government in those States have been emi-
nently successful, and no doubt contributed
largely to the reestablishment of law and order
among the people thereof. The more complete
that work the better for those people and for the
Union, and the sooner will they be prepared
to resume their relations with the loyal States
in the Union. But in all that is said and done
in view of complete restoration, it must not be
overlooked, that in no event can any of the de-
linquent States be permitted to participate in
the national councils until they will present
such men as their Representatives who will
take the oath all loyal Representatives are
required to take, and who represent a loyal
constituency.
Itliasbecn repeatedly asserted upon this floor
that these rebel States have a right to imme-
diato.unconditional representation'in Congress,
and that nothing but the physical force of supe-
rior numbers keeps them out. If that be so,
when did they not have the right to be hero ?
Had South Carolina and Georgia a right to have
their Representatives here during the war ? Had
they the right to levy war upon us, andalso help
complete our speedy ruin, by taking part in our
legislation? If they had no right to legislate
here during the war, when, and by what act of
theirs, did they acquire that right?
By repealing the ordinances of secession?
No; those acts were without constitutional
sanction, mere nullities, and needed no repeal
