1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
the Senate have adopted at the instance of the
Senator from Xcw Hampshire, in the eighth
sattion, still leaves unprovided for, as T think,
the manner in which the fouriifihs ot the stock
not subscribed a: first shall he thereafter sub-
scribed. If it is left without a provision of
that sort the president and directors may by
by-law make that provision. If they can give
the right exclusively to the then subscribers
they are not required to open the books again
as I understand.
Mr. WADE. I suppose not.
Mr. JOHNSON", i have some reason to
believe that the stock will be very valuable, at
least that is the impression of those who pro-
fess to have some knowledge on the subject. I
have none of my own, of course; but if the
stock is to be very valuable 
Mr. WADE. I have 110 objection to that
being changed if it is thought necessary to
change it. For myself I was looking much
more to the public interest than I was to the
private interest.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt about
that. I only suggest, to ray friend from Ohio
that perhaps it would bo as well to provide
that the books shall be opened again unless
all the stock is taken at the beginning.
Mr. WADE. What amendment would the
Senator propose to accomplish that?
Mr. W1LLEY". Has the Senator from Ma-
ryland adverted to the provision in the third
section, line fifteen, "and said books shall be
kept open until the whole amount of said stock
shall be subscribed?''
Mr. JOHNSON. That will do. I was only
asking if there was a provision on the subject.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended and the amendments were con-
curied in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PROrECTIO.V 01? TJXITED STATES OFFICERS.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 238, to amend an act
entitled "An act in relation to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
ca-es."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. I want to get up this bill and
then I have no objection to an adjournment.
I want the bill up to adjourn on it.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
executive session'.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. It will take but a moment
to do what I want; I desire to have some exec-
utive messages referred.
The motion was agreed to : and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
moxday, April 10, 1sg6.
The House met at twelve 0' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, liev. C. B. boystox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ordt5r op business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States, com-
mencing with the State of Maine, for the intro-
duction of bills and joint resolutions, to be
referred to appropriate committees, and notto
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
APPOllTIOXMI'XT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. ITILL introduced a joint resolution pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the* United Slates to apportion Representatives
according to the number of voters in the sev-
eral States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction. and ordered to be printed.
PAYMENT OF XEW YORK MILITIA.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill providing the
1 means for the payment of the militia of the
State of New York for their service in the war
of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
CATIIAILINE WELSH.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill for the relief
of Catharine Welsh; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
RECORDING OF DEEDS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill
authorizing non-residents to have deeds re-
corded in the office of the clerk of the United
States district and circuit courts, &e.; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NIAGARA FALLS SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill to provide for
the transportation of vessels around the falls
of Niagara; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill making
a grant of lands to the State of Minnesota to
aid in the construction of the Hastings, Min-
nesota River, and Red River of the North rail-
road : which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
NEBRASKA PENITENTIARY.
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the creation of a penitentiary in the
Territory of Nebraska ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
REMOVAL OF SURVEYOR GENERAL'S OFFICE.
Mr. HITCHCOCK also introduced a bill to
remove the office of surveyor general of the
States of Iowa and Wisconsin to Plattsmouth,
Nebraska: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee 011 Public
Lands.
ELECTION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. JENCKES introduced the following
joint resolution:
Joint resolution relating to the passage of a law mak-
ing refutations for the mode of electing members
ot Congress.
by the Senate and Ilouieofllepreienfativenof
the United frates of Aiiierlee in Conoreis asteuibled. That
it is expedient for Congress to exercise ttie power
granted in section four, arricie one, of the Constitu-
tion foi making regulations couceriiin^ the times,
places, and manner of holding eleetions for Senators
and Representatives by general statute, with a view
to prevent the recurrence of contested-election cases
in either House arising out of elections conducted
understate laws; and also with a viewof securing the
election of members of Congress by loyal constituen-
cies
liesolved further. That as means toward the attain-
ment of such results in the election of members of
the House of Representatives, it is expedient to
include amoncr such rules and regulations in sub-
stance the following:
1. A registration of all the electors in each district
having tho qualifications requisite for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature in
til0 State in which such district is situated.
2. A provision that such elections shall be con-
ducted independently of ttie State elections, under tho
direction of officers whose mode ot appointment and
whoso duties shall be defined in such statute: and
that, such elections shall be held on the same day in
each district in the United States.
3. A lequiremcntthat atsueh elections those regis-
tered electors only shall -be permitted to vote who
shall have proved.in manner to be provided in the
regulations, their constant and continuing loyalty to
the ttovernment of ttie United States.
4. Provisions prescribing the conditions upon which
tho:-e who weie excluded lor disloyalty may be re-
admitted totbeirrightof suffragcforincmbers of Con-
gress at such election at some future period.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the committee on reconstruction.
LIEUTENANT A. II. PEARL.
Mr. BUCKLAND introduced a joint reso-
lution for the relief of Lieutenant A. II. Pearl :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
BISi'RIliUriON of statu papers.
Mr. IIAY'ES introduced a joint resolution to
authorize the distribution of a poitiou of ihe
surplus copies of the American State Papers in
the custody of the Secretary of the luteiior;
which was read a first and sreond time, and
referred to the Joint Commit tee on the Library.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HAYES also introduced a joint resolu-
tion extending the privileges of the Library
of Congress to certain officers of the United-
States ; which was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Joint Committee on
the Library.
The SPEAKER next proceeded to call the
States for resolutions, commencing with the
State of Ohio.
FRAUDULENT CLAIJI AGENTS
Mr. HAYES submitted the fallowing resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Itesolved, That tho Cemimttee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot pro-
vidingby law for punishing, by imprison men tor other-
wise. any person who as agent or attorney shall col-
lect from the Government money due to officers,
soldiers, or sailors, or to their widows or orphans, lor
services in the Army or Navy, or lor pensions or
bounties, and who shall fraudulently convcit tho
same to his own use; and to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. HAYES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXEMPTION FROM TAXATION.
Mr. PLANTS submitted a joint resolution
of the State of Ohio relative to exemption from
taxation; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred lo the Committee of Ways and Means.
AYIRZ TRIAL.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, ana.
agreed to:
ftesoh-ed, That the Secretary of War be requested
to have prepared for publication the proceedings of
the tiial of llenry Wiiv., in which shall be embraced,
as nearly as piacticable in the language ol the wit-
nesses, a summary of the testimony given, and the
decisions, tinduigs, and sentence ol 1 lie com t, together
with the address ot the Judge Advocate and that
made in delense of the prisoner.
Mr. G-AItFIELD moved to reconsider ihe
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTII CAROUKA UNION SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCIIExsCK submitted i ho folio wing reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question:
ResolveA, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this IJousc a report of the. Judge, Ad-
vocate General, and such other information as may
beof record oron file in his Department,on the sub-
ject, which will show what arc the facts in tho c-aso,
and what steps have been taken to bring to justice and
punishment the murderers of tho following-named
Union soldiers belonging to the first and second regi-
ments of North Carolina loyal infantry, alleged to
have been tried and executed by orders of the rebel
Generals Pickett and Hoke, under the pretcx: of their
being deserter?from the confederate s>ci vic\ namely;
Jesse Summerell, ll.nrdy Dougherty. Sfep-j en Jone<?,
J)avid Jones, Willia m Haddock, John Freeman, John
Brock. Sergeant Joseph Fuleher, William D. Junes,
CuarlesCutherall, Kellum. XlitchcJ Biu-iek, Louis
Freeman, Joseph Ilaskett, William Inine, Amos
Aymett, Stephuxi II. Jones, and J. J. Hiock.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. S(J HEN OK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mexico.
Mr. McTCEE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which wasread,considered, and agreed to:
Jieiol'/ccl, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if in his opinion riot incon-
sistent with the public interest, any correspondence
