2^28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
back the Senate amendments to the following
bills, with the recommendation that they be
concurred in :
An act (H. R. No. 21C) for the relief of
Cordelia Murray;
An act (H. K. No. 345) for the relief of
Christina Elder;
An act (H. 11. No. 493) granting a pension
to Mrs. Joanna Winans ; and
An act (H. R. No. 4G2) granting a pension
to Mrs. Sally Andrews.
The amendments of the Senate were sever-
ally concurred in.
RAILROAD LINE TO TUB NORTHWEST.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be House bill No. 527, to promote
the construction of a line of railroads between
the city of Washington and the Northwest, for
national purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous
question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 37, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Tiirfwr-K,
Bingham, Reader W. Claike, Cobb, Coffroth, Conk-
ling, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Delano, Driggs, Dumont,
Eggleston, Eliot, Earnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Hale,
Abner C. Harding, Henderson, Higby, Ilotchkiss,
Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James It. Hub-
bell, James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kelso,
Kuykendnll, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, Moorhead, Paine,
Porham, Plants, Price. Raymond, Rollins, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Schcnek, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Steyens,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Acrnam, Welker, Went-
worth, Wlialey, Williams, James F. Wilson, and
Windom—65.
NAYS—ilessrs. Aneona, Baldwin, Blaine, Bran-
degee, Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Eldridge,
Emck, Urider, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan, Asa-
hel W. Ilubbaid, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Kelley, TCet,-ham. Le Blond, Marvin, Mereur, Miller,
Myers, Newell, Niblack, O'Xeill, Samuel J.Randall,
Bitgreaves, Strouse, Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trim-
ble, "Ward, William B. Washburn, and Wright—37.
XOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Barker,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Bundy, Chanler,
Sidney CLarko, Culver, Dawson, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Farquhar, Glossbrcnnor,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Halt, Hayes, Hill,
Holmes Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Huiburd, Jones, Julian, Iiasson, Kerr,
Laflhi, Latham, Loan, Marshall, Slarston, McCul-
lough, Mclndoe, McKee, McKuer, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Xielxolson, Is'oell, Orth, Patterson, Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, William II.Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers. Ross,
Shanklin.Shellabarger, Smith, Starr. Stilwell, Taber,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield,
and Woodbridge—SI.
So the bill was passsed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 205) to pro-
tect the manufacturers of mineral waters in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes.
MINERAL WATERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 2G5, to protect the manu-
facturers of mineral waters in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
ENROLLED BILL SHiXED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (IT. R.
JviO. 11) to facilitate commercial, postal, and
military communication among the several
Slates ; when the Speaker signed the same.
lTJJEDMEx's API'AIRS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following messagfc from the President of the
United States:
To the Souse of Representatives:
I transmit a communication from the Secre-
tary of War covering a supplemental report to
that already made to the House of Represent-
atives in answer to its resolution of the 21st
instant requesting the reports of General Steed-
man and others in reference to the operations
of the Bureau of Refugees, Frecdmen, and
Abandoned Lasfids.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 30, 18G6.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
this communication, together with one of the
same character received yesterday, will be
ordered to be printed and referred to the
committee on freedmen.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that ten thousand
extra copies of the report just handed in,
together with the former reports of Generals
Steedman and Fullerton, be printed.
The SPExVKER. That motion goes to the
Committee on Printing, under the law.
PENSIONS.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
liesolved, That the Committee on In valid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the pensions of the widows of deceased sol-
diers and sailors of the reccnt war in proportion to
the number of minor children under sixteen years
of age of such deceased soldiers and sailors depend-
ent on such widows for support, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
UNITED STATE^JDOURTS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill relative to records
in appellate courts; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to enlarge the powers
of the national courts as to process; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BUTLER MORRIS.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Butler Morris ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JACOB A. GOBLE.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Jacob A. Goble,
late of company G, one hundred and fifty-third
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
IIEniS OP SIMEON GOBLE.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of the children of
Phoebe Wilson, deceased, who was the widow
of Simeon Goble, arevolutionary soldier; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
CHARLES M. STOt'T.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for die relief of Charles M.
Stout, late second lieutenant in company E,
seventh regiment Pennsylvania Reserve corps;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAY OF TIIH ARMY.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the regular order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being House bill
No. 450, to reduce and establish the pay of the
officers and to regulate the pay of the soldiers
of the armies of the United States, upon which
Mr. Thayer was entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I took occasion yesterday
to point out to the House wherein I conceived
the attempted analogy which was drawn by the
chairman of the Military Committee between
the circumstances of the officers of the Navy
and the^ circumstances of the officers of the
Army failed. I endeavored to show that there
jvas such a total want of similarity in those
circumstances that no argument could be predi-
cated upon any such aualogy.
I desire now, sir, to call the attention of the
House to the fact that these very allowances
which were prohibited by law to the Navy have
been restored by law, the act prohibiting those
allowances having been repealed. An order
has recently been issued by the Secretary of
the Navy upon this subject which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
[General Order, No. 75.]
Navy Di;pautmi:xt, May 23, ISfij.
Congress having, in view of the call for increased
compensation to officers of tho JJavy, repealed the
law which prohibited t^ny allowance to them " for
rent of quarters or to pay rent 1'or furniture or for
lights or fuel, &c.," the Department, in order to pre-
vent aieeurrence of the irregularities, abuses, and
arbitivuy allowances which occasioned the prohibi-
tion, deems it proper to establish a fixed rate of com-
pensation in lieu of the extra allowances which were
prohibited by the law now repealed. Accordingly,
from and after the 1st day of June proximo, officers
who are not provided with quarters on shore stations,
will be allowed a sum equal to thirty-three and one
third per cent, of their pay in lieu ot all allowances,
except for mileage or traveling expenses under or-
ders; and those provided with such quarters twenty
per cent, of their pay in lieu of said allowances.
The act of March 3, I860, having increased the pay
of midshipmen and mates, tho allowance hereby
authorized will not be extended to them.
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. THAYER. It thus appears that allow-
ances in the Navy, which were formerly pro-
hibited, have been restored, and of course the
argument founded upon the refusal of these
allowances to the officers of the Navy falls to
the ground. The House, if it listened to the
reading of the order of the Secretary of the
Navy, will observe the discrimination which is
made in it in reference to these allowances. The
order allows thirty-three and one third per cent,
of the pay of every officer of the Navy in addi-
tion to his ordinary pay and in lieu of all allow-
ances where he is upon shore duty and no
quarters are provided by the Government; and
when he is upon shore duty, and quarters are
provided, he is allowed thirteen and a half per
cent, upon his pay, to be added to his regular
pay.
1 suppose, therefore, that so much of the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] as was founded on the difference in
the system which prevails in the Navy and that
which prevails in the Army must, in view of
these facts, fall to the ground. I adverted yes-
terday to the hardships which would bo inflicted
upon many officers, if this measure should
become a law, in consequence of the exceed-
ingly high price of the necessaries of life at
certain posts to which they must resort in pur-
suance of their orders and in the discharge of
their duties.
I alluded to the cost of living on tho western
plains, at those forts in the far West which are
established for the protection of the overland
emigration and of the settlers in that country.
In proof of the correctness of my statements
upon that subject I desire now to read a few
words from one who can speak with accuracy
on the subject because he speaks from actual
observation. I refer to the work of Mr. Samuel
Bowles, entitled "Across the Continent.Mr.
Bowles, as wo all know, was the historiographer
ofthat pleasant summer journey in 18G5 accom-
plished by the Speaker of this House and his
companions across the continent to the Pacific
ocean. In his account of that journey lie gives
many interesting facts and some which have a
strong bearing upon the point which I am con-
sidering. Writing from Denver, in Colorado,
under date of May 29, 1805, he says:
"Wood costs on tho plains $75 per cord, so distant
are the thin forests that furnish it; lumber when it is
used at all, which is rarely, for it must be freighted
from one end or the other of tho route, $150 to $200
per thousand feet; a wagon and team of oxen, live
pairs, $20 to $25 per day; common labor $2 and S3
per day and board. And at Denver, the end of Jhe
route,here is a specimen of the prices to-day: pota-
toes, 25 ccnts per pound or $15 per bushel; flour, 15
and 20 cents per pound; corn, 18 cents per pound or
$10 per bushel; mechanics and laborers, $8 and $10
per day; beef, 40 cents per pound, and hams 45 to 50
ccnts; girls a« house servants, $10 a week. Theso
