1866.
THE 'COWGftEfcMMAL GLOBE.
2929
rates arc likely to be cut down one third or one half
during the present season, however, as General Con-
nor gives security to transportation across the plains,
and competition in freighting and merchandising
works its legitimate influences."
Now. it will be observed from this how enor-
mous are the expenses of living in that coun-
try. For example, this writer says that at the
time he wrote wood was seventy-five dollars a
cord. Suppose this bill passes, and an officer
is stationed out there. You have deprived him
of his allowance of fuel, and he must buy wood
or freeze. The amount of fuel now allowed by
law changes with the location. An officer sta-
tioned south of the thirty-ninth parallel of lat-
itude gets three cords of wood per month for
the cold months of the year; north of the
thirty-ninth parallel he gets four cords per
month; and the allowance is still further in-
creased for stations north of the forty-second
parallel. Now, at Fort Bridger an officer would
be entitled to receive four cords of wood per
month for seven months and one cord per
month for the balance of the year from the
Government according to existing law. Four
cords of wood per month for the seven cold
months, and one cord per month for the re-
mainder of the year would make a total for the
year of thirty-three cords of wood which an
officer in that locality would be entitled.to
draw from the Government; at seventy-five dol-
lars per cord that would amount to $2,375.
The pay of a captain under this bill is $2,000
a year, or deducting the tax $1,930 per annum.
So that if the Government deprives him of the
allowance for fuel he is now entitled to receive
by law, he would be obliged to pay for his
wood alone §445 more than all the pay which
you propose to give him by this bill. I think
that illustration is a tolerably complete answer
to this whole bill;
Now, let us look for a moment at the prices
at Salt Lake City. I find from the statements
of this traveler the following rate of prices
there at the time he wrote: hams $1 per
pound ; wood $18 per cord; lumber §100 per
thousaud feet; sugar from 75 to 85 cents per
pound ; coffee from $1 to $1 10 per pound ;
tea from §3 50 to §5per pound ; tobacco from
§2 to §2 50 per pound; heavy brown sheet-
ings, 85 to 90 cents per yard ; fine sheetings,
75 to 'JO cents per yard ; dried apples, 60 .cents
per pound; molasses, §3 to §3 50 per gaA-
lon; labor, $3 per day, &c. Now, any one
with very little arithmetic can soon ascertain
how far the salary of a captain, as proposed by
this bill, would go toward his support in the
localities T have mentioned. It would be im-
possible for an officer to exist in that locality
upon the pay you propose to give him by this
bill, after you have cut off the allowances
which the Government hitherto has made to
him.
I now ask the Clerk to read a letter upon
this subject written by General Brice, Paymas-
ter General of the Army, to the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Army, together with the papers
therein referred to, and which are attached.
The Clerk read as follows :
War Department,
Paymaster Gekhral's Office,
Washington, MarohlO, 1866.
Sir: I h nve the honor to reply to your verbal appli-
cation for suggestions on the subject of the'eompara-
tive merits of the present system of compensation to
the Army by "pay and allowances," and the other
plan now under consideration in Congress of "fixed
salaries.
This, you are aware, is no new question ; the same
subject has been mooted, discussed, and considered
heretofore on various occasions in Congress and in
the Army. Theresults have uniformly been thesaino,
namely, a conviction, after a careful investigation of
the subject in all its bearings, that the present plan
is the most ejual, just, and economical that can be
devised for officers of the Army whose condition and
services are subjects of continual change, modified
contingencies of duty, which make corresponding
changes of compensation expedient and proper, and
which is so easily and justly regulated by the system
of "allowances," which, with slight modifications,
has obtained in our service from the beginning of its
history to the present day.
I send you, herewith, an extract from an official
report of that gallant and much distinguished officer
of the war of 1812, Brevet Maj or Gen era! N ath an Tow-
son, Paymaster General of the Army for thirty-five
years, (from 1819 till his decease in 1854,) made to the
Secretary of War, April 3, 1826.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 184.
Also a letter on the same subject, addressed to the
Secretary of War, dated February IB, 1836, by the
excellent successor of General Xowson, the late Pay-
master General Lamed.
These opinions of my intelligent and distinguished
predecessors leave nothing for me to add except the
expression of my entire concurrence in them. Years
of familiarity with the military service, not alone in
this department of it, have confirmed in my mind
the belief that a change from the present system of
compensation to any plan of stattusalaiies will woik
injuriously to the officers of the Army and to the
Government.
The evils of such plans, as made apparent in the
development of its working?, will necessarily lead to
frequent future acts of legislation to correct them,
till finally, by that process, a system shall be attained
having essentially the features of the present one.
Tt is perhaps worthy of remark: in the long line of
eminent men who from the beginning of our history
have filled the office of Secretary of W ar, it is a tra-
ditional fact, if not one of recorded history, that only
one of them hasshown favor to the salary system for
the Army, to wit, Jefferson Davis. And the only Army
officer of any note who within the last forty years is
known to have advocated such a system after a lull
consideration of thosubjectis General Braxton Bragg,
late of the rebelservice. And 21s a commentary upon
the opinions of these two—while the first was at the
head of the rebel government and the other a gen-
eral officer high in hisconfidcnce—precisely thesame
system as ours now prevailing was adopted and con-
tinuedfor tho payment of the insurrectionary forces.
Vory respectfully, your obedient servant.
J3. W. I311ICE,
Paymaster General,
The Adjutant General op tiie Army.
Paymaster General Tottson. 1820.
Extract from a report made hythc Pnyiiui^trr General
to the Secret (try War, dated April H, 18^0. (Vide lie-
ports Committees, first sess ion Twenty-Third Congress,
vol. 4.)
To judge of the expediency of changing the pres-
ent mode of compensating officers of theArmy.it
will be proper to examine the several if ems of allow-
ance ; to inquire tho reasons why they were so made,
and the probable effect that would be produced by
substituting a fixed sum of money in lieu.
I.—Pay and Subsistence.
The allowances under this head may be considered
similar to the salary of civil officers, and on a slight
view it would seem that no inconvenience would re-
sult to the Government or officer from substituting a
fixed sum of money for the subsistence part which is
so definite and unvarying, but a little reflection will
show that the reasons for including rations in the
allowance are cogent.
It frequently happens flint troop? serve, both in
peace and war, in unsettled or exhausted countries
where provisions cannot be procured or where the
prices would exceed the offieeis' means of purchase.
It is, therefore, indispensable that the Government
provide food for the officer as well as for the private,
and itis accordingly stipulated to be done. The price
of the ration is fixed in oider that the compensation
may be equal wherever drawn. The option to draw
in kind or to commute is granted to the officer that
the compensation for his services may be as entirely
within his control as the salaries of civil officers are
within theirs. It is evident that it would be -embar-
rassing to the service as well as to officers to deprive
them of tho privilege of drawing rations in kind, in
many situations; they must, therefore, be furnished
as at present or sold to tire officer by the subsistence
department, which amounts to the same tiling.
II—Servants.
This allowancciscontingent.andcannotbe granted
unless the servants are actually employed. If itwere
intendedsolely as an emolument, as is frequently sup-
posed, it would be of no importance to the Govern-
ment, and for the interest'of theofficerthatit should
be granted withoutthe condition of employment; but
this is not the case; the good of thescrvice, as well
as the convenience of officers, requiring that the ex-
pense't>f employing servants should be incurred. It
would not do for officers on a march, near an enemy,
or in many other situations, to neglect their proper
and importan t duties to look after their baggage, take
care of their horses, or to cook their provisions.
The compensation for servants is made under the
heads of pay, subsistence, and clothing. The two
last are includedfor the same reason that subsistence
forms a part of the compensation for services, namely,
that they may be obtained in all situations and at a
reasonable price. They may, therefore, be drawn in
kind or commuted, as officers shall elect. Tho effect
of granting afixed sum in lieu of this allowance would
be to hold out an inducement to dispense with the
employment of waiters, which, it has been shown,
would be injurious to the service. It is true, servants
are frequently a convenience to officers, independent
of their public duties, but this is incidental. The
true reason for allowing them is tkatthe interest of
the Government is promoted by employing waiters,
instead of officers, to perform menial duties.
III.—Forage.
Forage is only granted to officers whose particular
duties require them to be mounted, which involves
an expense that it is reasonable should be borne by
the Government. Tho number of horses for which
forage can be claimed is determined by the rank of
the officer. The allowance is contingent, and can
only be charged when the horses are actually kept;
consequently there can be no inducement to keep a
greater or less number than the duties of officers
require.
If not furnished by the Government, it would be
frequently impossible for officers to obtain it. An-
other reason whvit should be is the difference in tho
price of the article at different places. An officer
traveling through the Creel? nation was compelled to
pay four dollars per bushel for com at a time when it
could have been purchased in Ohio or Kentucky for
twenty-five cents. It is therefore evident th.it the
same amount allowed for forage at different places
would be unequal in its value.
IV.—Additional or Doqblf. Rations.
These are granted to commandants of military de-
partments, posts, and arsenals, engineer officers super-
intending the construction of fortifications, and to
particular heads of the staff at this placc, on the
ground that the duties and stations of such officers
unavoidably subject them to a greater intercourse
with militaiy men and persons on public business,
and, consequently, to greater expense than officers
who are not so situated. The reason for making this
allowance under the head of rations is to enable offi-
cers to draw a greater quantity of provisions from tho
subsistence department than they are authorized to
do^ when not subject to the expense of entertaining
official visitors. When the difficulty of procuring
provisions does not exist, the rations are commuted
at twenty cents each, which amounts to the same as
allowing a specific sum. The option to commute is
with the officer. This allowance is not considered an
emolument, but the reimbursement of an expense
imposed on the officer by his particular situation and
duty. It is contingent, being governed by command
and locality.
V.—Fuel.
This article is always furnished in kind, except at
this place, it is supplied by theGovernment because
it would frequently be difficult for officers to obtain it
iu any other wav. and because Ihe price varic-; very
materially at different po^is, which would produce
inequality in the compensation ot officers of thesame
rank.t The allowance is not intended to be greater
than is necessary for current consumption; there-
lore, if not drawn monthly, it reverts to the Govern-
ment. It is unnecctsaiy to add that this object would
be defeated by substituting a fixed sum in lieu.
VI.—Quarters.
It would often beimpossiblc, and always inconven-
ient, for offieeis to procure lodgings when serving
either in fortifications, cantonments, or camps, and
if they could it would be prejudicial to the service
to separate them from their commands. Quarters
and tents are therefore provided by the Government
lor officers as well as privates. They are always fur-
nished by the quaitennastei's department in kind,
except at this placc, where it is mutually the interest
of tbe Government and officer to commute them.
Many restrictions are imposed on this allowance.
(See article on the quartermaster's department, No.
65). Army Regulations.)
There is no allowance, perhaps, which would be so
unequal in its value to ofliceis differently located, as
a fixed sum in lieu of quarters, unless a charge is
laised against those who occupy public buildings.
For instance, it would make the entire difference of
the sum Allowed between officers of the same rank
stationed at Greenleaf's Point and in this city. A
fixed sum in money in lieu of the present allowance
would be much more expensive to the Government,
unless rent be charged for public quarters.
VII.—Stationery.
This is furnished by the Government in kind, be-
cause'it cannot, at frontier posts, and in time of war,
be procured, by officers in any other way. The allow-
ance is very limited, and so far from being an emolu-
ment, is in most eases not equal to the actual con-
sumption on public business. The allowance of a
fixed sum in lieu would, in all cases where a supply
of the article was piecarious, produce gi eat embar-
rassment to officers, and to the service generally.
VIII.—Transportation.
This is so entirely contingent as to make it impossi-
ble to fix a given sum as an equivalent. All thatcan
be done is to regulate the allowance according to tho
rank of the officer, and to fix the rate per mile, which,
is now the case. In many instances the means of
transportation must be furnished by Government
from necessity; in others it is its interest to do so.
Tho option, therefore, of furnishing it in kind is re-
served to the Government. The allowance is very
strictly guarded. (See article No. 69, Army Regu-
lations.)
The foregoing embrace all regular allowances au-
thorized by law or regulations, and from these itwill
be seen that pay and subsistence proper include
everything given in lieu of salary and in payment for
services; all other allowances «re contingent and
granted to cover expenditures which the duty of offi-
cers and theinterestoftheGoverarnentrequire should
be made. Those allowances frequently add to the
officers' convenience, but this, as I have before ob-
served, is incidental, and not the object for which
they are made. Hence the condition, thai officers
must keep the servantsand horses; command double
ration posts; receive fuel as it is used; occupy tho
quarters; travel the distance stated in their trans-
portation accounts, and draw the stationery in kind,
to entitle them to the allowances under these several
heads. In many cases they are not even a conven-
ience, and then, if the good of the service does not
require it, the expense is not incurred.
The Government has a security in the high sense
of honor of military men that those contingent al-
lowances will not be abused, and if this were not so,
the fact that an officer places himself at the mercy
of his enemies, and that his commission would bo
the price of an improper certificate, is a sufficient
guarantee.
Our laws and regulations which relate to pay and
