1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3889
described in similarly well-rounded and as-
tounding periods by my colleague. And it is
with some astonishment, allow me to say to my
colleague, that I find him, on the very- first
occasion when it is within his power to put the
strong hand of the law upon the violence which
I'have heard him so often denounce, now deny-
ing the 'very jurisdiction of the House over
offenders who have aided and abetted in a
pergonal assault upon a member of this House
for words spoken in debate. Why, sir, this is
dwindling—I say it with great respect to this
House—this is dwindling into-a most insignifi-
cant farce. Either the privileges of this House
have been violated, or they have not. If they
have been violated, you are bound out of' re-
spect for your own dignity, and for the preser-
vation of the privileges of the body to which
you temporarily belong, to punish that violation
of its privileges. If those privileges have not
been violated, then you have no right to im-
pose any punishment upon anybody.
But to propose, as is now proposed, that in
view of an attempted violation of the most
aggravated character, in view of an assault
upon the person of a member of this House,
of blows given and blood drawn—I say to pro-
pose to the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States, that they are to
vindicate the privileges of this House by sim-
ply saying to the member who has committed
that breach of privilege, Sir, pray consider
yourself reprimanded," is to say that which the
people of the country will laugh at. So far
from maintaining the self-respect of the House
of Representatives, so far from vindicating its
outraged privileges, I maintain that by such a
vote as that you would but encouragc disorder
and brutality.
But before I say anything more upon that
subject, let me make a single remark upon the
action of the committee in regard to the mem-
ber from Iowa. I am sorry that this question
should have been discussed as if it were a case
of cross-actions between individuals, in which
both parties were claiming to recover damages
from each other.
Sir, I supposed that this question was to be
discussed and treated as a question of privilege;
and I did suppose that members, in discussing
and voting upon questions of privilege, would
dismiss from view all personal considerations,
all personal friendships, and do what justice
.and their own self-respect might demand. But,
sir, this subject had hardly been mooted before
an objection was raised in the nature of a plea
of the statute of limitations, put in by the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mi-. Wilson] in behalf of
his colleague. It was said that the House had
slipped its time, and that, although the House
might consider it its duty to put upon the rec-
ord its disapproval of the language used by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grixnkll, ]
and its disapproval of the personal reflections
cast by him upon the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, the House is estopped from doing it by
efflux of time. That point was deliberately
made; it was deliberately decided upon by the
Speaker, in perfect accordance, I am quite sat-
isfied, with the principles of law and with every
consideration of propriety which belongs to this
subject.
But, sir, this point, once overruled, has been
revived and again discussed. Now, permit me
to say that I think it would have been, perhaps,
a little fairer to this House, as I know it would
have been fairer to its Presiding Officer, if, in-
stead of rearguing this small question of the
statute of limitations, gentlemen had simply
taken the trouble to appeal from the decision
of the Speaker at the time it was made. We
should then have had the judgment of the
House upon that decision, and, I doubt not,
it would have been sustained.
Why, sir, not to advert at all to the several
and satisfactory reasons which were given by
the Speaker for his judgment upon that ques-
tion, let me say to the gentleman making tlic
pomf, that this committee was appointed and
its instructions given by a unanimous vote of
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 244.
this House. Now, even under the rules, two
thirds of the House may at pleasure suspend
any of the rules. But, according to this doc-
trine, a unanimous vote of this House, instruct-
ing this committee to inquire into all the cir-
cumstances and facts of the case and to report
what action they demanded, is not to take
effect because of the phraseology of the rule
which has been cited. Thus gentlemen place
themselves in the predicament of maintaining
that, although two thirds of this House may
suspend every rule embraced in the Digest, the
whole House cannot suspend a single rule of
order.
Before leaving this subject I wish simply to
say that, with regard to the gentleman from
Iowa, the committee found in the course of
its investigations that the assault which was
committed was committed for words spoken in
debate. It was so admitted by the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky himself. Nobody
alleged or presumed that it was committed for
any other cause. Then, sir, when the commit-
tee found that the assault was committed for
words spoken in debate—when the committee
found that the provoking cause of the assault
was embraced in the personal reflections made
by the gentleman from Iowa upon the gentle-
man from Kentucky, were the mouths of the
committee to be closed and were they to be
forbidden to report to this House that in their
judgment the immediate cause of the assault,
which was a violation of the privileges of this
House, was the language of the gentleman from
Iowa, and were they, while recommending a
certain punishment for the higher breach of
privilege by the gentleman from Kentucky, to
pass by in utter silence and without any dis-
approval the unjustifiable reflections which
occasioned the assault?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THxlYER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to give me a few minutes more.
Mr. SPALDING-. I yield the gentleman five
minutes more.
Mr. THAYER. I say it is under these cir-
cumstances that gentlemen may feel themselves
at liberty to reflect on the report of the com-
mittee, because they have ventured to suppose
that the language of the member from Iowa
should meet with the disapproval of the House;
and it is for this that my colleague has felt
himself justified in characterizing the report as
he has done. .
I pass from that to the other question in-
volved in the report, about which I have very
little to say. The facts are all before the House.
There is no dispute about those facts. They
are simply these: that for words uttered in de-
bate, a member of this House was violently
assailed in his person, almost under the very
eyes of the House of Representatives itself;
that the gentlpman who assailed him dealt him
blow upon blow; that blood was drawn, and
that the aggressor was backed by three friends
with loaded pistols in their pockets. Those
are the facts, and no rhetoric in which I could
indulge could convey to the House a higher
sense of the character of this assault than the
simple facts.
Sir, much has been said about these gentle-
men who accompanied the gentleman from
Kentucky. Does any man believe that all these
three persons were accidentally present? If
he does let him read the evidence. The first,
Colonel Pennybaker, was there undeniably, ac-
cording to his own statement, because he ex-
pected the assault, and came to this House
because he expected it to take place.
The second of these persons (Grigsby) had
been told by Pennybaker to come to the House.
It does not appear that he had been told to
come for this purpose ; but. he was told to come
to the House that afternoon, and he did come
pursuant to that request. He says, '' When he
left my room, he (Pennybaker) asked me to
call by his office, just this side of the Metro-
politan hotel, and go up with him." And then
he testifies that when he saw Rousseau go out
after Grinneli,, Colonel Pennybaker followed
him, and he followed Pennybaker. And then
he says, speaking of the parties present—
" There was some onestanding near Mr. (irinotll,
a large, heavy-set man. I do not know who lie was.
I did not know whether he was, in fact, with Mr.
Griknell, or whether he went out of the House with
him or not. I had my eve principally on him. I had
no disposition to interfere between the parties."
"When Mr. Rousseau first commenced raising his
cane, X thought I saw him knit his brows, and I
thought, perhaps, it might be his intention to inter-
fere. I stepped over between him and Rousseau, to
bo ready in case he should interfere."
He was ready, with a loaded pistol in his
pocket, to interfere in an affray which I main-
tain the evidence will justify anybody in be-
lieving he knew was to take place.
Mr. RAYMOND.' Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. THAYER. I have but a few seconds
left.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has just
a half minute.
Mr. RAYMOND. Does it not distinctly
appear that Grigsby was not there with any
knowledge of the fact that the affray was to
take place ?
Mr. THAYER. I am aware that he says
so himself, but the evidence will satisfy any-
body to the contrary.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, in bring-
ing this protracted debate to a close I desire
to place before the House and the country cer-
tain propositions which I believe to be abun-
dantly supported by constitutional and parlia-
mentary law:
1. Either House of Congress "has the inher-
ent power of protecting itself from injury or
insult; and it has also the implied power of
punishing what are termed contempts and in-
fringements of its privileges by the exercise of a
summary jurisdiction correctly deduced from
the Constitution itself. (Rawle on the Constitu-
tion's; Anderson vs. Dunn, 6 Wheaton, 204.)
2. For any speech or debate in either House,
a member cannot be questioned in any other
place. (Article 1, section 6, of the Constitu-
tion.)
Not even for words reflecting upon the char-
acter or conduct of a fellow-member.
" Taking care not to say anything disrespectful to
the House, a member may state whatever he thinks
fitin debate, however offensive it maybe to the feelings
or injurious to the character of individuals, and he is
protected by his privilege from any action for libel,
uy well as from any other question or molestation."—
May's Parliamentary Practice, page 114.
3. Although a member may not be ques-
tioned in any other place for offensive words
spoken in the House, yet he is liable to cen-
sure and punishment by the House itself.
In the English House of Commons members
have been censured, imprisoned, and even ex-
pelled for intemperate speeches on the floor.
(May's Parliamentary Practice, 113.)
The conclusion of the whole matter is this:
no member of either House of Congress is
permitted to assault the person of any other
member for any language, however offensive,
used in debate.
A different rule, or one that would measure
out the punishment for such a breach of the
privileges of the House, in accordance with the
provocation given, would establish a despotism
of the most revolting character.
Every speaker on the floor of Congress would
have occasion to look over his shoulder and
take note of the effect of his words upon every
one of his hearers, lest, forsooth, on leaving
this Hall for his lodgings, the "bludgeon of*a
bully" should arrest his footsteps.
If such is to be the practice hereafter, the
responsibility shall not rest with me. I now
ask a vote on the resolution.
Mr. BANKS. The time of the gentleman
from Ohio is not entirely exhausted. I ask
him to yield me a few moments.
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make the point of or-
der that the gentleman, from Ohio having closed
the debate, and having taken his seat; no fur-
ther discussion can be allowed.
