2930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
allowances were formed with a thorough knowledge
of the usages in other service?, and in whatever par-
ticulars they may differ, I am persuaded a sufficient
reason will be found, either in local circumstances or
in advantage to the service, to justify the change.
There is noserviee in whieh the pay proper includes
all allowances. In time of war it would bo impossi-
ble for the operations of an army to be carried on,
even in Europe, where all supplies can be more read-
ily provided than in this country, if the Government
did not furnish its officers with such as are indispen-
sable. In this country the impossibility of procuring
them exists in time of peace as well as war: it follows,
therefore, that certain allowances must be made in
kind, in numerous cases, at all times. The practice,
both in the French and British service, is to grant the
allowances as permanent emoluments, and to furnish
the article in kind whenever it is necessary for the
good of the service. W e have preferred to make allow-
ances, not as emoluments, but to cover official ex-
penses, to prevent the service from suffering from the
cupidity of some, and to remunerate the faithful and
patriotic discharge of duty in others. The option with
the officer to receive in kind has the advantage, also,
of equalizing the compensation much better in this
country, than a difference in a moneyed allowance
at different stations would, for the prices of the sev-
eral articles granted in kind fluctuate as much with
time as they do with place, and what might be a fair
allowance in one year would be unfair in the next.
It is scarcely thought necessary fuither to urge the
importance of equalizing the compensation at the
different posts. One of the privileges of seniority is
the choice of command—a necessary privilege. No
senior officer would relinquish his claim to an eco-
nomical command in favor of a junior, however ben-
eficial it might be to the service. It is true this might
and would become the duty of superior authority to
decide, and to order accordingly; but, if the decision
was against the senior, it-would produce much dis-
satisfaction. It is therefore bettertoavoid thecause
of contention, unless some positive advantage were
to result from the change.
It may be urged that the arguments founded on
the necessity of furnishing allowances in kind apply
to a state of war, and are not forcible objections to a
salary in time flf peace. If this were admitted to
the fullest extent, it is respectfully conceived that it
would not be sufficient to justify the change. All
changes must be vicious in a body whose operations
are so multifarious and complicated as those of the
Army, unless they produce a positive advantage.
The alterations in the supplying departments alone,
on recurring to the war allowances, would be of the
most embarrassing nature, and would take place at
the most inconvenient and perplexing crisis. An-
other, and. I think, an important objection, is that
the economy of officers' arrangements would be
broken, and must be studied anew on every change;
and, in this respect, the officer in peace andthe offi-
cer in war would bo as unlike as the recruit is unlike
the soldier.
But if my view of the subject be correct, the neces-
sity, in our service, of supplying the articles in kind,
at particular posts, exists as well in time of peace as
of war.
The alteration, then, can only be adopted at par-
ticular stations. I am therefore of opinion that it
'would not be expedient to change the present pay
and allowances of officers for a fixed compensation,
and I most respectfully recommend that, if it should
at any time be thought advisable to augment or di-
minish the compensation, it may be done by chang-
ing the amount of the allowances,_ and not by abol-
ishing them, and granting money in lieu.
If Congress should view the subject differently, and
decide on a "fixed compensation," justice to the
officers requires that, in determining the amount to
be allowed, they should consider the great and una-
voidable expense to which the erratic life of an offi-
cer subjects him, and the extravagant price of living
at many stations. It should also be considered that
our service holds out none of those pecuniary rewards
which are so liberally bestowed by other Govern-
ments. Your officer has no lite estate in his commis-
sion,which he can sellout atgreatprofit; no nominal
command for which he receives pay, as well as for
the one he exercises; no emolument from the paying,
clothing, &c., of his regiment or company; no booty
or prize money; no share of the estimated value of
all contraband articles seized by his regiment in aid
of the revenue laws. Not so the officer in other ser-
vices; the greater part of the rewards enumerated
are granted by all the European Governments, and
the whole by that Government whose troops yours
have been twice called on to meet m battle. The
movable property captured by the Duke of Welling-
ton in the Peninsula, and other campaigns of that
war, which was claimed by hint as lawful prize of
the army, and admitted by the British Government,
amounted to £D16,450 2s. 61 d.
In our service everything captured by the army
becomes the property of the Government, while the
Navy is entitled to the whole amount captured from
an equal or superior force, and half the amount cap-
tured from an inferior force.
In all services, except ours, allowance is made for
tjie loss of officers' baggage. The officers'baggage of
Sir John Moore's army lost on its retreat to Corunna
was estimated at £-10,700 35. 9d. sterling, and paid for
by the Government. The same quantity lost by offi-
cers of the United States Army would neither have
been estimated nor paid for.
If it be truethat "officers are the soul of the army,"
and that victory will accompany the army best paid,
fed, clothed, and lodged, everything else being equal,
then it is as politic as it is just to make a liberal pro-
vision for those on whom you must rely in the hour
of danger.
Respectfully submitted. ^ ^oflrgC)^
Paymaster General,
Paymaster General Larked. 1850.
Paymaster General's Office,_
Washington, 1). 0., February 18,1856.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a copy of the resolution of the Military Committee,
House of Representatives, on the subject ot estab-
lishing a fixed salary for officers of the Army in lieu
of rations, allowances, and emoluments now author-
ized, on which I am required to report.
The late Paymaster GeneraJ gave to this subject the
most careful consideration, and embodied his views
in an elaborate report made to the Secretary of War
on the 3d of April, 1826, a copy of which was sent to
a select committee of the House, appointed at the
first session, Twenty-Third Congress, to inquire into
the expediency of equalizing the pay of officers of the
Army and Navy, and will ne found in Reports of
Committees, first session, Twenty-Third Congress,
volumefour, doeumentfourhundredandsixty-seven,
to which I respectfully refer the Secretary of War.
I fully concur in the views expressed therein, and
am confirmed in the opinion that such is the nature
of our service that it would be difficult, if not impos-
sible, to fix a salary for officers of the Army that
would not be liable to serious objections.
BENJAMIN E. LARNED,
Payinaxter General.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War.
Mr. THAYER. Now, if any gentleman has
doubts in relation to the unjust operation of
this bill upon officers of the' Army, I hope
before he easts his vote for it he will consider
attentively the facts stated in these letters.
The opinion of General Brice will, I suppose,
be objected to by the gentleman from Ohio as
perhaps not being entitled to much weight,
although he is certainly an officer familiar with
this subject. But he is a bureau officer, yea,
the head of a bureau ; and I suppose that in
proportion to the closeness of his connection
with that bureau the value of his testimony
will depreciate in the estimation of the gentle-
man from Ohio. However, sir, the reasons
which he gives are for the consideration of the
House ; and I direct attention to what 'ue says,
not so much on account of the position which
he occupies as on account of the common-
sense views which he presents and the cogent
reasons by which he supports them.
I desire now to glance, in a very rapid man-
ner, at the arguments*by which the gentleman
from Ohio undertakes to maintain the proposi-
tion which lie presents. I throw out of the
account, as of no value in the estimation of
the calm judgment of this House, what he has
said about the bureaus of the War Department.
I suppose, sir, that bureaus are necessary, if
you have a staff for your Army; and if you
have a staff and bureaus, 1 suppose that you
must employ officers for the conduct of the busi-
ness of the staff and the bureaus. I do not
see the justice of the implied imputation which
the gentleman has frequently cast in his re-
marks on this floor upon the officers of these
bureaus. I do not feel myself called upon to
defend those officers, because I do not under-
stand that even the gentleman, notwithstand-
ing all his insinuations, has ventured to make,
in plain language, any charge against the offi-
cers of those bureaus.
Mr. SCHENCK. Once for all, let me tell
the gentleman that I made no insinuation.
What I say in this House I say openly and
distinctly.
Mr. TJtlAYER. The gentleman says that he
makesnoinsinuations. Thenhemakescharges.
Now, I would like any gentleman to read his
speech as printed in the Globe, to sift it, and
then tell me what is the precise charge that
the gentleman makes against the officers of the
bureaus of the War Department. I will yield
to the gentleman if he has any charge to pre-
fer. I do not understand him as making a
charge. He now says he did not make an
insinuation.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, all I wanted
was to call the gentleman back to the real ques-
tion in this case. His whole argument is a
tissue of sneers and intimations that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs are carrying out
their prejudices, are influenced by some sinis-
ter motive. And when he used the word " in-
sinuation' I interrupted him—a thing I very
seldom do—in order to tell him that I, for one,
am not in the habit of making insinuations in
this House; that if I have anything to say on
any subject I say it openly, plainly, and dis-
tinctly. Now, whether I have made any charges
or not—and in the sense in which the gentle-
man uses that term I know I have not, for 1 have
attacked nobody, nor made this a personal
question in any way—the gentleman can find
by referring to what I have said, for it is reported
in the Globe.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I have en-
deavored in my remarks on this bill to confine
myself to the rules of parliamentary debate. I
disclaim what the gentleman imputes to me—
sneering at the committee. Nothing that I
have said is fairly susceptible of any such in-
terpretation; I have said nothing reflecting
upon the committee. I have not alluded in a
personal way to the committee, or to any mem-
ber of it. The House will bear witness that
I have confined myself strictly to a discussion
of the questions which the committee has
brought before the House.
But, sir, in reference to the subject of the
bureaus, whether the gentleman means an in-
sinuation or a charge, everybody will bear wit-
ness that he has paraded it constantly in the
face of the House whenever he has had charge
of a military measure here during thi3 session.
He talked yesterday about the centripetal force
of the bureaus, as if all the officers of the Army
were engaged in a scramble to get upon a bu-
reau. If that is not an insinuation of dishon-
orable purposes and of conduct unbecoming an
officer, I do not know what is.
Now, sir, I do not wish to waste my time or
the time of the House in dwelling upon this
matter. I merely touch upon it in passing. I
am not particularly called upon to defend the
officers of the bureaus of the War Department.
In my judgment they need no defense. They
have done their full share of labor in the great
struggle through which we have passed. Much
of the success which we have achieved is due
to the labor and the skill of these officers in
the bureaus.
Deeds in the field have more glitter and
glory; but when you come to examine into
the matter perhaps you will find some credit
is due to officers in the bureaus who attended
to those details without which you could not
have achieved success. But, sir, this has really
nothing to do with the question; and I allude
to it only in reply to what was said by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. SoHEN'CK.]
In my judgment, the bill will do greater
injury to the officers in the field than to those
obliged by the Secretary of War to report in
Washington for duty. I have endeavored to
explain how it will work to the injury of those
officers by a statement of the facts to which I
have referred this morning.
Well, sir, if these facts cannot be denied it
is apparent, from the nature of the case, that
you cannot apply a rigid rule of pay which will
do justice to all officers in all parts of the
country under all circumstances; that prin-
ciple was virtually admitted, let me say in pass-
ing, by the gentleman from Ohio, when he
offered his amendment allowing officers forage
in kind. He abandoned the very principle of
his bill when he offered that amendment, for
every argument which can be made in favor
of the allowance of forage can be made in favor
of the allowance for fuel and every other allow-
ance to which officers of the Army are entitled.
If, sir, it cannot be denied that the only way
to promote equality in pay is to continue in
force that plan for the payment of officers
which has obtained always hitherto, then why
should we alter it? What circumstances call
unon this House to make the proposed change?
What high officer of the service has recom-
mended it? What official of the Government
in any Department has called our attention
to it? Not one. Why should we make this
change and unsettle a long-settled usage of
the Army on this subject?
That brings me to the arguments by which
the gentleman supports his bill. I listened
attentively yesterday to the argument of the
gentleman from Ohio, and I have read it at-
tentively in the Globe this morning, I will
undertake to give a perfect analysis in a very
