1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Houseofthe following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (I-I. R. No. 122) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
30th of June, 1867 ;
An act (IT. R. No. 218) for the relief of
Charles Youly;
An act (H. R. No. 264) granting a pension
to Mrs. Altazera L. Willcox, of Chenango
county, in the State of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 266) granting a pension
to Mrs. Isabella Fogg, of the State of Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 267) granting a pension
to Virginia K. V. Moore;
An act (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of
Albert Kevinsj;
An act (H. R. No. 443) granting a pension
to Mrs. Elizabeth York, widow ofShubal York,
late a surgeon in the fifty-fourth regiment Illi-
nois infantry volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 444) granting a pension
to Lewis TV. Dietrich ; and
An act (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of Nich-
olas Hibner, late a private in the sixth regi-
ment Missouri State militia.
washington daily chronicle.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for action
at this time :
Whereas it is important that our legations abroad
should be kept truly advised of the state of the coun-
try: Therefore,
Be. it resolved by the House, (the Senate concurring,)
That the Clerk of the House be directed to furnish
three copies of the Morning Chronicle to each of our
foreign legations, consular agents, and commercial
agents, for the use of said legations and attaches, and
that ho pay for the same out of the contingent fund
of the House.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to submit this resolution at
this time.
Mr. ROSS. I call the yeas and nays upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is this: that a transaction of
this kind, appropriating the contingent fund
of the House to a purpose entirely outside of
the organization and duties of the House, is
out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. In the appropriation bills there
is a sum set apart for the contingent expenses
of the House. It is for the House to deter-
mine by their votes how that contingent fund
shall be distributed, not for the Chair.
Mr. HALE. My point of order is that the
House can only appropriate that fund to ex-
penses which properly pertain to the duties
and business of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter of argu-
ment and goes to the votes of the members of
the House. It is not for the Chair to decide.
Mr. STEVENS. This is for the business of
the House. There is an attempt made in some
quarter to smother up in the country a knowl-
edge of what the House is doing; and this is
for the purpose of giving publicity to the busi-
ness of the Mouse.
Mr. ROGERS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a point of order:
that this makes an appropriation, and should
go to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Appropriation bills must
go to the Committee of the Whole. This is not
an appropriation bill, but merely a resolution
directing the distribution of a portion of a fund
already appropriated.
The question was upon suspending the rules.
The yeas and -nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 44, not voting
79: as'follows:
YEA?—3Ie?-n--. DelosR. Ashley, Baxter, Beamon,
J'-s.lwcll, Botifwell. Broinwell, Bundv,
11^ ul'.T W. Cii!vke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb. Cook, -Don-
nelly. Eckloy, Emit, Farnsworth, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Ilendeison, lligby, Hill, Holmes, Hulburd,
Ingersoll, J uliiui.Kcllcy, Kelso, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Longyoar, Lynch. McChirg, Mercnr, Miller,
Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pcrharn, Price, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabar-
ger, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Ehhu B. TVashburne, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James 1'. Wilson, Stephen I'. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Boyer, Brandogee, Buck-
land, Chanler, Coffroth, Davis, Dcfiees, Eldridge,
1'mck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider. Hale, Aaron
Harding, Hayes, Ilogan. Chester D.Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Kasson, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, Lallm, Latham, MeCullough, MeRuer,
Niblack. Nicholson, Phelps, Raymond, Rit.t.er, Rog-
ers, Ross, Shanklin,Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Taber. Tay-
lor, Thornton. Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, and Whalcy—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, An-
cona, Anderson, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Bergen, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Broomall,
Conkling, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Dawson,
Delano, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Dumont, Eggleston, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Gris-
wold, Harris, Hart, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall,
Marston, Marvin, Mclndoe, McKce,Morrill, Newell,
No oil, Patterson, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, Johji H. Rioe, Rollins, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Strouse, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Warner, TVinfield, and TVright—79.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
pay 01? natal officers.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
New Jersey asking an increase of the pay of
naval officers; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
printing 01? testimony.
Mr. BOUTWELL. From the joint commit-
tee on reconstruction, I report additional testi-
mony relative to the States of Alabama, Geor-
gia, Mississippi, and Arkansas. I move that
of this testimony there be printed the same
number of copies as of the testimony pre-
viously reported.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be re-
ferred, under the rule, to the Committee on
Printing.
portage and superior railroad.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of TVisconsin, instructing the Senators and
Representatives from that State to use their
endeavors to procure the necessary legislation
to change the route of the land-grant road from
Portage to Superior; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of TViscon-
sin, relating to the construction of the Portage
and Superior railroad ; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, asked
leave of absence for Mr. Gkinnell for one
week.
Leave was granted.
Mr. SHANKLIN, by unanimous consent,
asked leave of absence for Mr. Trimble until
next Friday week.
Leave was granted.
confiscation op lands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous eon-
sent, presented the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
JiexolDed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any and what action is
necessary to confiscate the titles to lands which wore
purchased by the late confederate States, and used
for prison camps and other purposes.
personal explanation.
Mr. TVHALEY (having obtained unanimous
consent to make a personal explanation) said:
Mr. Speaker, I regret exceedingly that for the
first time since I took my seat on this floor, in
July, 1861, I have found it due to myself and
my friends to rise to make a personal explana-
tion. I wish to call the attention of the House
to an article from the Cincinnati Gazette of
April 7. I ask the Clerk to read that article,
in connection with the heading of the paper,
so as to show distinctly what it is.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Cincinnati Daily Gazette. Office, Gazette Build-
ing, northeast corner of Fourth and Vine streets.
Saturday, April 7,1866.
"A very laughable incident occurred last week in
Congress. An account, submitted by the Committee
on Agriculture, contained a large number ol expend-
itures charged to various members of the committee,
closing with considerable charged up to et al. Mr.
IIdbbaed objected, and said he did not know who
'Mr. Et Al' was, but supposed he was some friend
of the Commissioner of Agriculture, or of the commit-
teeman from TV est Virginia, Mr. TV Haley. This sally
' brought down' the House in roars of laughter, and
sorely disturbed Whalky, who begged the floor for
an explanation. He is a rather ignorant man, and
took the matter seriously, and therefore protested
that 'Mr. Et Al' was none of his appointments,-as he
had recommcndcd only soldiers or their families.
The effect upon the House may be imagined."
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
West Virginia yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WHALEY. I will.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say that that
mistake was brought about to some extent
through my agency. TVhen the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Hubbard] spoke of et al., I
supposed that it was the name of a man. I
called the attention of my friend from West
Virginia to the matter, and asked whether that
man was one of his appointees. In doing so, I
was in error. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, I believe the
reporters who have seats here in this House
are either employed and paid by the House,
or assigned to places in the reporters' gallery
by the consent and order of the House. I
believe indirectly they have seats assigned to
them by the Speaker. Let me say the able
reporter for the Gazette, Mr. Whitelaw Reid,
has been gone from this city for four months.
I have known him for many years, and I have
regarded him as an excellent gentleman and an
able correspondent. His successor, H. V. N.
Boynton, is a son of the Chaplain of this House.
Every member of this House must willipgly
confess that we have all profited by the pious
prayers of our Chaplain; but when his sou, occu-
pyinga seatbythe courtesy of the House, sends
forth an article so unkind, so ungenerous, so
unfair, andsounjust, againstmeasamemberof
the House, it is a duty I owe to myself and to
my friends to set the matter right here and
before the country.
I appeal to the old members that no per-
sonal attack could be made upon me because
of any personal misconduct on my part. I
feel assured all will agree I have done my duty.
Members with whom I have associated know
that I have been uniformly courteous in debate,
that I have been kind by nature ; therefore the
attack upon me must be ascribed to some polit-
ical motive, and to nothing else. Now, I de-
served better treatment at the hands of the
Union men of Ohio. When the rebellion was
powerful, with others I made an effort and suc-
ceeded in throwing up a barrier which saved
the border counties of Ohio from the pillage
and ravages of the hordes of secession. I have
only done my. duty in so doing, but it deserved
some better return than this malicious attack.
I will say, in conclusion, that it has grown
too common for correspondents who have been
assigned seats here to slander members of
Congress. I do not fear them where I am
known. My associates know I have done my
full duty. Who will deny my earnest effort
to discharge my duty to the country when
contemptible rebels attempted to destroy it?
During the death-struggle I was the uncom-
promising enemy of the rebels and the con-
temptible doctrine of secession. And what I
have done I have done to the best of my
ability ; no one could do any more.
I thank the House for its attention.
leave of absence granted.
Mr. HOLMES moved that, leave of absence
bo granted to his colleague, Mr. Hotchkiss.
The motion was agreed to.
bankrupt law.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for three minutes.
