1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2931
few words of the argument he has made in. favor
of this revolution relating to the pay of officers
of the Army.
He says, and that is his first point, the pay
of officers of the Army is a mystery to .out-
siders and the uninitiated. What is the force
of an observation like that? It is not a mys-
tery to those who wish to ascertain what it is.
That is proved by the fact that the gentleman
has given in his speech the exact pay of a ma-
jor general of the Army, including his pay
proper and all his legal allowances. He has
given you to a cent the pay of a major general.
Thai shows conclusively that though a mystery
to those who will not take the trouble to ex-
amine it, it is not a mystery to those who wish
to ascertain what the truth is.
The second point which the gentleman
makes, is the immoral effect of the present
system upon the officers, that is, the tempta-
tion which it holds out to fraud. That makes
a conspicuous figure in his argument He
puts the case of an officer entitled to forage
for a horse. The law is, he is not entitled to
draw forage unless he keeps the horse which
he is allowed to keep. lie says a man in his
desire to get forage will be tempted to make
this certificate and certify that he keeps a
horse when he does not keep a horse. That
is his argument of the immoral effect of the
existing system! I suppose if any officer were
to be found guilty of a practice such as that
of certifying that lie kept a horse and was en-
titled to forage, when in point of fact he did
not keep a horse and was not entitled to forage,
he would be instantly dismissed from the Army.
But does it amount to anything ? As an argu-
ment I submit to the House it does not. If a
mail is determined to be a rascal, he will be
a rascal in defiance of all the law s you may
make.
The third point is, that the present system
opens the door for legislation by the chief offi-
cers of the War Department, and the gentle-
man gives as an example of the exercise of
that power a case in which the Secretary of
V* ar—I suppose authorized by law to do it— 1
changed the commutation allowed for quarters j
in Washington and some other places to rates j
corresponding with the advance of house rent, j
Well, sir, I suppose there is nothing in that j
which will frighten the members of this House !
out of their propriety or induce them to change i
the present system. j
Fourthly, the gentleman says it tends to take j
away the independence of officers. Now. sir, is j
itnotreallyagrimjoketoput to this House that [
a bill which is entitled "An act to reduce the '
pay of the officers of the Army" is calculated
to add to their independence? He says that
now they intrigue for places in order thatthey
may get the largest allowances. Sir, will they
not intrigue much more if you put them upon
the footing which this bill proposes? It'the
question is, as it will be under this bill, whether
they shall remain in the Army bj- being at a
post where by great economy they can live
within the salary which you allot them, or
whether they shall be driven by their necessity
to resign, will they not bo induced to intrigue
to got into "places where they can exist upon
the pay you fix? Is not the temptation infi-
nitely stronger in the circumstances which will
arise out of the passage of this bill to induce
that intrigue of which the gentleman complains
than the circumstances which exist under the
present system? !
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have summed up the i
arguments which are made in support of this '
bill by the gentleman from Ohio. The House ;
will decide whether those arguments are suffi- ;
went _to justify the recommendation which is i
made'to this House to overturn a system which |
has prevailed from the foundation "of the Gov- j
eminent; which has worked equitably and fairly j
and justly; which no officer of the Army or of |
the Government recommends shall be abol- I
ished, but which has in its favor uninterrupted j
usage for a long series of years and the ap-
proval of those who are most capable of judg-
ing of its merits. Will the House consider
these suggestions of the gentleman from Ohio
—I cannot dignify them by the name of argu-
ments—a sufficient justification for overturning
this long-tried, well-established, fair, just, and
equitable system, to supplant it by one which
■will work only mischief, injustice, and oppres-
sion?
Mr. PAINE. I rise to reply to some of the
arguments presented ^sterday and to-day by
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Thayer.] I have listened to those arguments
closely, because I take great interest in the
subject-matter of this bill. But I am not
pledged to anything contained in the bill, as I
am not a member of the committee that framed
and reported it. Those who framed the bill,
after having made up their minds that it is right
and ought to be adopted, naturally come into
this House pledged in advance to its support.
It is a duty they owe to themselves, to their
committee, and to the country to undertake to
carry through this House a bill which they
regard as calculated to promote the interest of
the country.
But, sir, I address myself to the considera-
tion of this bill, intending to oppose those pro-
visions of it which do not commend themselves
to my judgment, and to support those which
do. And after listening carefully to the argu-
ments which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Thayer] and the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. BlaixeJ have respectively presented, I
must say that unless stronger and more satis-
factory reasons to the contrary can be presented
I shall be constrained to vote for the leading
features of this bill, insisting, as I shall insist,
upon certain amendments, necessary, in my
view, to render it complete and equal in its
operation, for the reasons which they have
given are not satisfactory to my mind, and if
gentlemen will give me their attention I think
I shall be able to show that those reasons are
not entitled to great weight with the members
of this House, in making up their decision upon
the question now before them.
I repeat that I am not pledged to anything
in this bill. I undertake its consideration with
no prejudice in favor of or against any of itspro-
visions. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Thayer,] or the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine.] can charge with truth that any
members of this House are disposed here in their
places unjustly to reproach officers who have
been stationed on duty in Washington in the
several bureaus of the War Department, they
can bring no such charge as that against me.
No word of complaint of that kind has ever
escaped from my lips; on the contrary, I have
nothing but good to speak of those officers of
the Army who have been stationed at Wash-
ington, with whom I have happened to have
personal communication, whether they have
been engaged in the bureaus of the War De-
partment or on other duty. I have never seen
among them anything but fair dealing, zealous
devotion to the service of the Government, and
a determination to do all in their power to dis-
charge the obligations they owe to our common
country : and 1 take pleasure here ill declaring
my appreciation of their services. Ifanything
has ever occurred in my intercourse with them
of which I could possibly complain, it escapes
my recollection now.
On the other hand, if the gentleman from
Oh'o [Mr. Sciiexck] can justly charge any
moniber of this House with a disposition to
stand up in his place and defend these bureau
officers, right or wrong, in any controversy
which may arise between them and officers in
the field, he certainly can make no such charge
against me ; for, sir, among my most intimate
and highly valued friends are those who have,
as officers of the regular Army, served in the
field during the progress of this war, and [ am
bound to them by those strong ties which bind
together men who have shared danger and dis-
ease and hardship and victory in common.
Sir, I declare here my belief ihat I enter
upon the consideration of the question before
the House without any prejudice either for or
against the officers of the Army on duty in
Washington ; either for or against those gal-
lant. men who have borne our country's fiag to
victory on the field during the progress of the
late war. I declare it to be my purpose to do
justice, equal and exact justice, to these patri-
otic men, no matter where the fortunes of war
may have cast their lot. But, sir, I am com-
pelled to say at the outset, that the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] seem to me
utterly to misunderstand the law now in force
on the subject which they have discussed, and
I am amazed that they should have crowded
into their argument so many mistakes upon
points vital to the propositions which they have
undertaken to maintain.
Mr. Speaker, they have, both of them, de-
clared and attempted to show that the present
system of pay is elastic, expansive in its na-
ture, adaptable to the necessities of officers, in
all the different portions of the United States;
that the system adapts itself to cities and posts
in the far West, as well as to cities and post3
in the East, and makes the pay of officers of
the Army as nearly as possible equal and just,
while the plan before us is uniform, arbitrary,
and unyielding, without adaptability to the
changing circumstances of the officer, and
tends to inequality and injustice. And, sir,
they refer mainly in proof of this to that item
of an officer's pay which is denominated '"ra-
tions" or '■ commutation of rations." They
refer, also, to fuel, quarters, forage, and to
servants' pay, rations, and clothing; but they
mainly base their arguments upon what they
conceive to be the existing law telating to that
item of an officer's pay which is called "ra-
tions," or "commutation of rations," as con-
trasted with the provisions of the bill before
us on the same subject.
Now, sir. I wish to call the attention of these
gentlemen, and of the House, to the mistake
they have made in their statement of the law
now in force. But in order that I may rdake
no misrepresentation of their positions, I send
to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read,
their remarks upon this subject made yes-
terday, as reported in the Globe. I desire
them read for the information of those mem-
bers of the House who were not then present,
and also to refresh the recollection of those
who were present, and assure them that I do
not misunderstand the honorable gentlemen to
whom I refer. I ask the Cierk to read first
from the remarks of Mr. Blaise.
The Cierk read as follows:
" Let me state a case. I will suppose there are
ten general officers in this city to-day to be ordered
by Genera] Grant to a? many different points. Let
us suppose the system of commutation of forage,
rations, fuel, servants' clothing, Quarters, &c„ en-
tii ely a bolishcd. You send one officer to a po3t m tho
Northeast, another to^San Fianeisco, another to Fort
Bi idsrer, another to New Orleans, another to New
Mexico, and so on, and then give them all the samo
arbitrary amount of pay as proposed in the pending
bill, and I submit that yon have imposed the grossest
inequality of burden and responsibility upon them.
" Ail. G\r,Fini.D. Does not the bill atiow mileage?
"Air. I am not talking about mileage. I
am talking about the expenses of bvms after the
various posts of service shall have been reached. I
M'as talking only yesterday with an officer who had
S"rved in the Rocky mountains and at Fort Bridger.
The Government has had to contract there for wood
at nearly one bundled dollars per cord and corn at
twelvo dollars a bushel and iiourat yeventy-tiye dol-
lars a barrel. I submit that if you send a brigadier
general out there under the pay provided in this bill
and compel him to forego ail the privileges of com-
mutation he cannot feed two horses and keep two
servants on his entire pay.
"The gentleman from Ohio says he does not draw
his rations in kind but takes commutation. I kmny
that is the case, but he draws it in commutation of
value at the point where he is stationed.''
Mr. PAINE. The Clerk will now please
read from the remarks of Mr. Tiiayef..
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sir, it must be manifest that in a country includ-
insr bo larse a space .13 that which Ucove.eA b*- ttio
United States, embracing so many dei-ree.- of 1 iti-
tude and longitude, theexpcrne^ot i!vinginu;i differ
vastly 111 different parts of the country. i'hc price
of subsistence h one^thin'; at St. Louis; it is a totally
different thins at baistport. It one T.huv! at New
Oilcans; it is a diuorent thins at Philadelphia. It is
one tliius at Cailisle, an interior town in my own
State; it is quite another thin# in Washington."
