1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3891
the bar of this House to answer for their contempt of
its privileges.
The motion of Mr. Raymond was to strike
out the first resolution and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Revolved, That Lovell H. Rousseau be, and he is
hereby, reprimanded for the violation of the rights
and privileges of the House of which he was guilty
in the personal assault committed by him upon Hon.
J. B. Grinnell for words spoken in debate.
TKe motion of Mr. Stevens as modified was
to strike out all of the resolutions reported by
the majority and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
Resolved, That Hon. Lovell H. Rousseau be sum-
moned to the bar of the House, and be there publicly
reprimanded by the Speaker for the violation of the
rights and privileges of the House, of which he was
fuilty in the personal assault committed by him upon
[on. J. B. Grinnell for words spoken in debate.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Stevens.
Mr. WRIGHT. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 94, not voting 58;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley,Allison, James M.Ashley,
Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Reader W. Clarke, Davis,
I>efrees, Driggs, Eekley, Bggleston, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Griswold, Abner G. Harding, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Kasson, George V. Lawrence, Marvin, McRuer, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Myers, Newell. Orth, Price, Scofield,
Stevens, Welker, James F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell,
Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland, Dawes, Dawson, Delano,
Deming, Donnelly, EJdridgo, Eliot, Ferry, Finck,
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Hart, Henderson, Higby, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, John H.Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Ingersoli, Jenckcs, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflin, Latham, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, McClurg,
McCullough, McKee, Mercur, Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Perham,
Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross,
Sawyer, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spald-
ing, Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Wright—9-i.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Beaman, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Bundy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Goodyear, Grinnell, Harris, Hayes,
Hill, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones,
Kelso, Kuykendall, Marshall, Mclndoe, Paine, Pat-
terson, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, William H.
Randall, Rousseau, Schenck, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell, Strouse, Francis Tbomas, John L. Thomas,
TJpson, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams, and Win-
field—53.
So the amendment of. .Mr. Stevens was not
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WILLIAMS said: I am paired with the
gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Smith, who,
1 suppose, wjould have voted ay. I would have
voted no.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague, Mr. Baldwin,
is detained from the House by sickness, and has
paired with Mr. Denison. I think my colleague
would have voted no.
Mr. ANCONA. My colleague, Mr. Cof-
froth, is detained from the House by sick-
ness.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Raymond.
Mr. BROMWELL. Is an amendment now
in order ?
The SPEAKER. Not under the operation
of the previous question.
Mr. BROMWELL. How will it be if this
is voted down?
The SPEAKER. The question will then
recur on the resolution reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. GRIDER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment offered by Mr. Raymond, it was
decided in the negative—yeas 59, nays 69, not
voting 64: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Bingham, Boyer, Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Davis, Dawson, Delano, Deming, Driggs, Eek-
ley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farquhar, Finek, Glossbren-
ner, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding Hart,
Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, J ames
R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Ketcham,
Latham, ue Blond, Marston, Marvin, McCullough,
McKee, McRuer, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell,
Orth. Phelps, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley,
and Wright—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Dawes, Defrces, Donnelly, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Abner C.Harding, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoli, Jcnckes, Julian, Kas-
son, Kelley, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, Mer-
cur. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Monlton, Myers,
O'Neill, Perham, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Alexan-
der H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Beaman, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Bundy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Culvar, Darling, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Goodyear, Grinnell, Harris, Hayes,
Hill, Demas Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones,
Kelso, Kuykendall, Marshall, Mclndoe, Morris,
Paine, Patterson, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford,
William II. Randall, Rousseau, Schenck, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liams, and Winfield—64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
first resolution reported by the committee,
which is as follows:
Resolved, That Hon.LovellH. Rousseau, aRep-
resentative from Kentucky, by committing an as-
sault upon the person of Hon. J. B. Grinnell, a
Representative from the State of Iowa, for words
spoken in debate, has justly forfeited his privileges
as a member of this House, and is hereby expelled.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 72, nays 51, not voting 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,Bout-
well, Reader W. Clarke, Dawes, Defrees, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Higby,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoli, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, McRuer, Morcur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, O'Neill,
Orth, Perham, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Arveona, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland, Da-
vis, Dawson, Delano, Deming, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Hogan, Chester D.Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Johnson. Kerr, Latham, Le Blond,
Marvin, McCullough, McKee, Myers, Newell, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J.Randall,
Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves. Ta-
ber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn,
Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, and Wright—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Baldwin, Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow. Brandegee, Broomall, Bundy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge. Dumont, Goodyear, Grinnell, Harris, Hayes,
Hill, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones,
Kasson, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Longyear,
Marshall, Marston, Mclndoe, Paine, Patterson, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, William II. Randall,
Ross, Rousseau, Schenck. Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stil-
well, Strouse, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams, and \\ in-
field—59.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the resolution was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LONGYEAR said: I was paired off
upon this question with Mr. Sjiith, of Ken-
tucky, but I have learned since making the
pair that he has been confirmed as Governor
of Montana Territory. If so he has ceased
to be a member of the House and the pair is
not binding. If any member of the Kentucky
delegation will state that he has not resigned
his seat, I will still stand by the pair; but
otherwise I shall ask to have my vote recorded.
Mr. WRIGHT. Can the roll-call be inter-
rupted in this manner?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Let me
answer the question of the gentleman from -
Michigan.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting un-
der the previous question, and no debate is in
order unless by unanimous consent. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey objects.
Mr. WRIGHT. I simply made the inquiry
whether the roll-call could be interrupted in
this manner.
The SPEAKER. That is an objection.
Mr. THORNTON. I desire to announce that
Mr. Marshallisabsent on aceountof sickness,
and has paired upon this question with Mr.
Ross.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. Did not the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts change his vote?
The SPEAKER. He did.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then he did not vote
with the majority.
The SPEAKER. He voted with the pre-
vailing side.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will it
not require a two-third vote to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The rule in regard to re-
consideration will bo found upon page 164 of
the Digest. It is that any member who votes
with the prevailing side may move a recon-
sideration. In answer to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the Chair will state that it re-
quires a majority to reconsider.
As the House is now acting under the oper-
ation of the previous question, the motion to
reconsider will be entered at the Clerk's desk.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
second resolution reported by the committee,
which is as follows :
Rfnolved, That the personal reflections made by
Mr. Grinnell, a Representative from the State of
Iowa, in presence of the House, upon the character
of Mr. RoussE.vti; a Representative from the State of
Kentucky, were in violation of the rules regulating
debate and the privileges of its members founded
thereon, and merit the disapproval of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay that reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. BANKS. Would that not carry all the
papers with it?
The SPEAKER. It would not, as the House
is acting separately on the resolutions.
Mr. FINCK. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon tbe mo-
tion to lay the second resolution upon the table,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the
table; and I also move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid upon
the table.
The question then was upon agreeing to the
third resolution reported by the committee, as
follows:
JResohed, That Charles D. Pennybaker of Ken-
tucky, L. B. Grimsby of Kentucky, and John S. Mc-
i Grew of Ohio, by their presence and participation in
! a premeditated personal assault between Hon. Mr.
1 Roi'sseatj of Kentucky, and Hon. Mr. Grinnell
| of Iowa, on account of words spoken in debate, m
i which the persons, if not the lives, of members.of
I this House were imperiled, were guilty of a violation
1 of its privileges, and they are hereby ordered to be
I brought to the bar of this House to answer for their
\ contempt of its privileges.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] to withdraw his motion to lay on the
table and allow me to move to postpone this
resolution. ^
The SPEAKER.' That motion would not
be in order without unanimous consent, as the
1-Iouss is acting under the previous question.
