1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
Mr. SCPIENCK. I yield to the gentleman
for that time.
Mr. .ROGERS. I ask the Clerk to read an
extract from the New York Times.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Bankrupt Bills.—The statement in the cor-
respondence of the Herald that Mi'. CoNKLIN'G, of
New Y-oik, had, upon the defeat of Mr. Jenckes's
bankrupt bill, introduced another 'which cannot be
picKed to pieces.' and which is as nc&r perfect as the
legal acumen of the first lawyers in Congress can
make it, does Mr. Jexckes gross injustice, inasmuch
as the foil] in question is a verbatim copy of the one
introduced and advocated by Mr. J exckes, and which
was bitterl.v opposed by Mr. Cosklikg. He now
takes Mr. "Jexcices's bill and introduces it as his
own." .
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, my object in
rising is to set the honorable gentleman from
New York [Mr. Coxkling] right in regard to
this transaction. The offoringof a new bill by
him was more at my suggestion'than perhaps
at that of any other person. I consulted with
the honorable gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jexckes,] after his bill was defeated, in
order that- he might get np another bill before
the House. lie proposed to me I should offer
the bill, but, as I was on the weaker side of
the House, 1 thought it best -not to do so. I
went to the gentleman from New York and
asked him to offer a bill of the same character
to be referred and amended in such manner as
to meet the objections which had been stated
in the debate by some gentlemen who were dis-
posed to vote for such a measure. It was
manifest to me a bill drawn with different
machinery would meet the views of gentlemen
on the other side who refused to vote for the
bill which' had been pending. It was through
no discourtesy to the gentleman from Rhode
Island that it was proposed to submit another
b'll to bo referred to tlie committee. He sug-
gested, in the first place, I should offer the bill,
and, as I have said, I induced the gentleman
from New York to offer it. I went to him as
he was known as an able lawyer and had taken
an interest in the matter.
I make this explanation, not for the purpose
of relieving myself from responsibility, for I.
am not ashamed of my vote for the bill. I
have considered the subject, and think a bank-
rupt law necessary. So does the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Coxklixg.J And it
was a mere matter of courtesy, and nothing
else, toward myself and other members who
urged him to offer the bill, that he did offer
it, not intending in any way to take away any
of the prestige which belonged to the gentle-
man who introduced the bill. And when the
bill is returned the chairman of tlie piesent
committee will have control of it the same, as
before.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would inquire if we
have the gentleman for an ally on this bill.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state he
has always given information to gentlemen in
regard to parliamentary questions when they
have asked it, as is his duty, and that after the
rejection of the bankrupt bill the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,]- and some
other gentlemen, asked him how it could again
be brought up, and the Chair stated^ that the
committee would be revived by the introduc-
tion of a new bill.
Mr. CONICLING. Before the regular order
proceeds I begto express my obligations to the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] for
making this statement. An act of justice or
of public courtesy from a political opponent is
always rather a refreshing episode in the mo-
notony and asperities of politics, and none the
less so when induced by the malice of those
who do not hold themselves as open adversa-
ries.
As I am on my feet I will add that I have
satisfied myself that the somewhat malicious,
and indeed venomous, paragraph from the N ew
York Times which has been read, was not ori-
ginated and telegraphed to that paper by its
avowed or ostensible Washington correspond-
ent. From an acquaintance of some length
with one of those correspondents I should be
surprised had he thus defamed any member of
this House. And I am glad, as attention has
been called to the matter, to be able, speaking
upon my belief, to exonerate the regular Wash-
ington correspondents of the Times from all
part in originating the groundless imputation
which the House has heard read.
Mr. JENCICES. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Schexck]
allow me simply to say that I believe the fact
to be as stated by the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] and confirmed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxklixg?]'
When the act was done! happened to be absent
from the House, and the gentleman explained
to me immediately afterward the reason why it
was done, for which he then received my thanks
and now does.
I never saw this paragraph until this morn-
ing. I had no connection whatever with it,
either with the originating or the publishing
of it.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker,I rise neither
to make a disclaimer nor an admission. I rise
simply in consequence of the somewhat pecu-
liar language which my colleague saw fit to
apply to a paragraph which he says was in the
New York Times. This is the first time, so far
as I know, that that paper has been brought
into this controversy. The paragraph read at
the Clerk's desk was, as I understood, from
another paper.
The gentleman says that a paragraph some-
what peculiar and venomous in language ap-
peared in the New York Times, and lie ac-
quitted two gentlemen of the "responsibility for
that paragraph. Whether these gentlemen are
obliged to him for liis volunteer acquittal is
their concern, not mine. I did not know but
that from some peculiarity in the gentleman's
manner and emphasis he meant to throw the
responsibility of what ho styled the peculiar
venom of the paragraph upon me as the known
editor of that paper. When he will be more
plain and explicit upon that point, I shall be
glad to make such an answer as the case will
permit.
Mr. CONKLING. I will make what I say
explicit. I ask the gentleman from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Rogers] whether I am right in stat-
ing that the paragraph just read at the Clerk's
desk was read from the New York Times.
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir; from the Times
of Anril 13.
Mr. CONKLING. That is explicit as to that.
Repeating that I believe the regular correspond
ents are blameless, I now ask my colleague
[Mr. Raymond] if he sees or feels anything in
the matter as it stands before the House which
calls upon him to admit or to deny having tel-
egraphed or inspired a libel upon one of his
colleagues. If ho did it, I do not know the
fact, but I repeat that I have reason to believe
that neither of the ordinary correspondents of
his paper did it. I believe I have been suf-
ficiently explicit now for the present.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not feel disposed
to disclaim or admit anything on the strength
of such an appeal as the gentleman has seen
fit to make ; merely upon the strength of that
appeal I shall not admit or disclaim anything
to him in this matter. I had not seen this par-
agraph or heard it read until this moment. I
supposed when it was read from the Clerk's
desk that it was from the New York Herald,
as that was the name of the paper I understood
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers]
to mention. I paid very little attention to it.
If I can see the paper, of course if there is any-
thing to be said about it, I am ready to say it
here or elsewhere. ,
All that 1 know about the matter is that 1
was informed immediately after the gentleman
introduced the bill, by another gentleman who
was more concerned in the bill than he himself
was or than I was, that after killing that bill he
had reintroduced it in precisely the same form.
I presume I repeated that fact to several per-
sons. I do not remember whether I repeated
it to any correspondent of my own newspaper
orof any other. I understood thatto be thefact;
I repeated nothing more than that fact, and I
had it from authority which my colleague would
not question or dispute for a moment. If there
was anything "venomous" in that act I sup-
pose he is welcome to the circumstance. I
can only say that I never had any feeling
against him in regard to that matter or any
other. I have never expressed it in correspond-
ence, or, so far as I am aware, in conversation.
As the paragraph is not before me I do not
feel called upon to say anything more on the
subject.
Mr. CONKLING. If the House will indulge
me, I wish to make for myself an emphatic
disclaimer. My colleague does not like to
disclaim anything. I wish to disclaim making
any appeal whatever to him upon this question.
He iterates and reiterates the word "appeal
I remind him that I have made no appeal to
him ; and if he feels called upon to say any
thing touching his own connection with this
matter it must be in consequence of prompt-
ings other than any suggestions of mine.
One .word further, Mr. Speaker. The bill '
which I introduced was sent me, it seems, 13y
thegentlemanfrom New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,]
at the request of the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jexckes] and others of the select
committee. I did not look at it but simply
complied with the request made of me, not only
by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Rogers,] but, in substance, by several other
members of the select committee. A number
of gentlemen appealed to me to do something
to revive the- bill, that it might be further
amended. This I was willingto do upon receiv-
ing the assurance that the committee would
accept certain amendments. The chairman of
tlie committee supposed a motion to reconsider
would accomplish the purpose, and to satisfy
him upon this point I put a question to the
Chair which drew from the Speaker the state-
ment that the only way to keep alive the com-
mittee, and repossess it of the subject, was to
introduce a bill anew and have it referred.
This I expressed my willingness to do with the
understanding that it should be rendered accept-
able to those who thought with me as to alter-
ations to be made. This understanding was
assented to by at least three members of the
committee, and some one of them was to bring
the bill to my seat. It was brought to me as I
have said, and without looking at it at all to
see whether it was one man's bill or another
man's bill, I sent it to the Clerk's desk and
asked leave of the House to introduce it. The
leave being granted, I suggested to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island' [Mr. Jexckes] that
it might be well to ask the Speaker to recognize
him, that lie might enter a motion to recon-
sider, so as to-bc able to call up the motion and
the bill at his pleasure, as his committee might
not soon be called for reports. My whole pur-
pose was, as will be seen, to do my utmost to
aid the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jexckes] and his committee, and to give them
absolute control of the subject.
This act of courtesy, so ordinary that I
think no member of the House would claim
credit for having done it, or would have felt
himself excused had he refused to do it when
requested, has been seized on by some one
and perverted into a dishonorable proceed-
ing. A telegraph has been sent to one of
the great papers which is malicious and ven-
omous. The venom is easily discoverable,
and particularly in the statement that Mr.
Coxklixg having bitterly opposed the bill,
now takes it and introduces it as his own.
Does not every man of honor see the animus
of that? Did not every reader of the paper
see in it an accusation that the person referred
to had been paltering in a double sense; that
he had bitterly opposed a measure and had
then sought to claim it as his own; that he had
appropriated another man's labor, had s°uS"fc
to deprive another of his just dues, and had
attempted to palm off as original something
not his own?
All this of false suggestions, and more, is
contained in this telegraphed libel.
