ty—'«s c^-v'
1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1011
upon the surf is the cause of the surf itself.
And I propose, if I can, to raise the curtain,
and turn the gaze for awhile from the puppets
on the stage to the machinery by which they
were moved. If we can come to the rational
perception that the rebellion was the legitimate
and natural result of operating causes, and can
clearly comprehend the causes themselves, we
will be better prepared—adopting the axiom
that "like causes will produce like results"—
to bring to the solution of the grave problems
before us the enlightened resources of states-
manship, instead of the blind prejudices of the
partisan or the blinder passions of faction.
Let us see, then, if we can trace the rebellion
and its consequences back to the germs from
which they grew. For I maintain that all things
with which we are surrounded, our institutions
and ourselves as well, are subject to the uni-
versal law of growth. The very planet we in-
habit has it written upon every stratum of its
rocks. In the infinite varieties of vegetation
which beautify and adorn its surface, we have
"first the blade, then the ear, and then the full
corn in the ear." The animal grows; man,
physically, mentally, morally, and socially
grows; and the character which each one of us
forms for himself is the result of the same law.
The child inherits, by the very constitution of
its being,-the germs of ail human possibilities;
and its life's work is to develop from them by
the joint action of impulses from within and cir-
cumstances from without, a fixed and perma-
nent character. It has the merely animal in-
stincts. selfish propensities, that center all their
activities in their own gratification, and also
the higher sentiments which, fully developed,
form the noblest work and image of God. And
it is the contest for the mastery between these
contending forces that makes the life of every
one a grand battle-field and virtue and vice
significant terms. The purely selfish impulses
would grasp all within their reach, regardless of
the rights of others, and degrade the other fac-
ulties to acquiesce in the demand, and when
successful, present as perfect a specimen of an
incarnate devil as it is possible for man to be-
come. Should the higher faculties on the other
hand obtain the mastery, the result may be the
development of all that is possible of human
perfectibility.
To one or the other of these states every one
is moving, for there is no standing still in this
race of destiny, and a man cannot be perma-
nently divided against himself. ■ He cannot
deliberately continue to do what he acknowl-
edges to himself and others to be wrong. lie
must either give up the wrong in obedience to
the demands of his reason or he must suborn
his reason to t^e sanction of the wrong. He
must bring his head and heart into agreement—
make his understanding approve that course of
action which he has deliberately proposed to
pursue. If he will practice wrong, he must
bring himself to believe a corresponding lie,
behind which he can hide himself and imagine
himself hid from others. But this is a progress-
ive work, a growth, no one coming to the full
stature of a villain or the perfect measure of
the noblest manhood but through this process.
While he is in the poise and equilibrium of these
contending impulses he is the subject of per-
petual conflicts with himself. There is a war J
in his own members, a rebellion in his own
organization, as fierce as that through which
wo have passed. He can only find peace when
this conflict ceases by one or the other of these
forces obtaining the mastery. Man never pur-
poses to do a deed until he has first persuaded
himself that, under the circumstances, he is
somehow justified in doing it. He lhay, indeed,
repent of it after it is done, but if so he must
make restitution and do so no more or he must
weave for himself a mantle of falsehood as a ;
justification. There is not an irredeemable vil
lain in your prisons, nor an outcast on your j
streets, that has not brought himself by some j
kind of sophistry to believe that he is justified '
in his deeds.
Thus, sir, and thus only is character formed, j
And what is true of the man is equally true of 1
a community, which is but a man in a larger
form, as our every-day language assumes when
we speak of the whole people as the body-cor-
porate. But this body-corporate is composed
of all the individuals which make up the ag-
gregate of its population. These individual
men stand in the same relations to the "grand
man''1 as the separate faculties of the brain
do to the individual. And as the individual
man has in himself, by virtue of these faculties,
the germs of all possibilities of human char-
acter, so this grand man, the body-corporate,
being composed of men of all characters, has
within it the germs of all possible institutions.
And because it has thus within it the extremely
selfish, who regard no man's rights, whose
motto is, '' Let him get who has the power, and
let him keep who can," and also the highly
developed and Christianized, whose motto is
"Whatsoever ye would that men should do
unto you, do ye so to them," and all grades
between them, it follows that there will be a
conflict in the community between these oppo-
site principles and those who are actuated by
them, just as in the man there is a conflict
between his higher and baser impulses. The
selfish and ambitious will strive to ultimate
their purposes in the forms of the constitution,
laws, and institutions of the community. Their
constant effort will be by monopoly and class
legislation to usurp the rights of the masses;
and being unscrupulous as to means, they will
resort to force or fraud to accomplish their pur-
poses. And so far as this class succeed, the
Government will grow up into an oligarchy, a
monarchy, or a despotism.
On the other hand, those who do regard the
rights of others will naturally strive to embody
their sentiments into the constitution, laws, and
institutions; and, as far and fast as they are able
to control, the Government will take the form
of a republic, where all are equally protected.
And until the Government settles into one or
the other of these forms there will be no per-
manent peace. The community, like the man,
cannot be permanently divided against itself.
The conflict may be long and the internal strife
intense, but by the growth of one idea and the
decay of the other, or by the suppression of one
or the other by force, the State, like the man,
will finally reach a fixed and permanent charac-
ter. Till then internal harmony is impossible.
Hence it is seen that the constitutions, laws,
and institutionsofacountry are as much agrowth
as the people themselves. You cannot from the
study of the philosopher produce a constitution
that would be found applicable to the actual
life of a people. Our Constitution could not
be made to work smoothly if applied externally
to any other nation, for the simple reason that,
not being an outgrowth from that people, it
would not meet their wants. It has worked
well with us in the main, because it was an out-
growth from the people. The great and good
men who put it into form did not make it. Thcy
simply embodied the average outgrowth of the
social" and political life of the people into the
forms adapted to their then existing wants.
But it was necessarily impossible for them to
frame an instrument that would be adequate in
all future time to the wants of an advancing
people. This is demonstrated in the whole of
our past history, which shows that a progress-
ive people cannot be long confined within the
rigid terms of a written constitution.
No man reveres the memory of the fathers
more than I do, and it is doing them no dis-
honor to say that they could not accomplish
impossibilities. But it was simply impossible
for them to frame an instrument suited to the
condition of a people in one age ami under one
set of circumstances that would be equal In-
applicable to them at another age and under
different circumstances. And so our fathers
thought, and hence in the Constitution which
they gave us they wisely provided fot its amend-
ment as the development and growth of the
people should demand.
1 do not. therefore, share at all in the seem-
ing dread of certain gentlemen at the suggestion
of any changes in that instrument. I believe,
indeed, that change should be made with great
deliberation, if made at all; and I think some
two or three of the amendments proposed should
pa$s. I will cordially support them, believing,
as I do, that they will prove very useful and
help the nation1 s progress. But I do not think
that all progress will stop even if none of these
changes are effected by way of amendment.
Sir,_ ■without any formal amendments the
Constitution has changed, and will continue to
change, with the ever-changing wants and will
of the people. Gentlemen need not start at
this proposition. I will demonstrate it by the
declaration of all men of all parties, as well as
by our current history. Why, it must be so.
The shell of an oyster changes with the expand-
ing growth of the life within. England has a
constitution quite as much talked about in her
Parliament as ours is here, and quite as well
defined. Yet who ever read the constitution
of England? It was never written, and never
adopted by convention or otherwise. It is
simply the outgrowth of a thousand years of
the wants and need of that progressive people.
And after all, Mr. Speaker, what is our Con-
stitution? Sir, it is like the unwritten consti-
tution of England or the written Bible—pre-
cisely what the prevailing sentiment makes it
by interpretation. I need not go out of this
Hall for proof of this proposition. Many times
every day since the meeting of Congress I have
listened to gentlemen gravely quoting the Con-
stitution to sustain some favorite idea, while
the gentleman who has succeeded him in debate
has as gravely quoted the same Constitution to
sustain an exactly opposite idea. No scheme
so absurd and no proposition so atrocious but
has found a guarantee in the Constitution ac-
cording to those who have proposed them.
Were these gentlemen necessarily insincere ?
I do not think so. But the question pertinently
returns, what to them respectively is the Con-
stitution? Manifestly it is not the written
words of the fathers alone, but those words as
interpreted aud construed by each gentleman
for himself; and that construction necessarily,
but perhaps unconsciously to him, atfected by
his strong conviction of the importance to the
country or himself of some favorite theory or
measure which he wishes to see ingrafted into
the policy of the country. Xo one will deny
this.
But in further confirmation of my position, I
am sure I could have the unanimous indorse-
ment of every member of this House of what-
ever party. Certainly, every Union man will
agree with me, that while the Democrats were
in power they perverted many of the most im-
portant features of the Constitution in their
infatuated devotion to the institution of slavery.
Indeed, the great Union party charged the De-
mocracy with the unpardonable offense of sub-
sidizing the court of last resort to give it an
, interpretation directly the reverse of that in-
' | tended by its framers. and to deliberately falsify
i! all history to give that construct ion even a show
I j of plausibility. But. sir, the interpretation given
i| bv the Supreme Court to the Constitution is,
:j while it stands, to all practical intents the Con-
;j stitution itself. So that it only remfires ac-
quiescence in such construction to change the
! instrument at the will of the judges. And
nothiimbut the hurling of that party from power
■ by an mdianant people, and the change ot the
maioritv of the court by the treason and death.
: of its members, prevents the Consututionfo-day
from being the loathsome thing which that party
: proclaimed it to be.
,j And I am quite as sure that every Democrat
present will repeat at my call, what they have
every day repeated, that the Union party have
i perverteil and still pervert that sacred instru-
; ment from its true intent and meaning. In the
' authoritative convention of that party they
j solemnly declared that President Lincoln and
; those who supported his Administration, had
: violated the Constitution in every particular,
ii But how did they violate it? By their mterpre-
,! tation if at all, for they conformed their pobcv
i to if s requirements as they construed it. And
ii if the Union party remains in power, they will
