1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
I repeat that it was an extraordinary state-
ment, a venomous statement, and I stand by
what, I say. I also repeat my belief that the
gentlemen who ordinarily telegraph to the
New York Times, and whom the public hold
responsible for what appears there as "tele-
graphic dispatches from Washington," did
neither of them either inspire or write this
dispatch. There, if others are content to leave
it, I am content to leave it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am not quite content
to leave it just there. The remarks about ap-
pealing to me now to disclaim related to the
manner rather than to the fact. The gentle-
man did not see fit, in anyway which I thought
I could with propriety notice, to say or intimate
that I was responsible for that paragraph. The
only reason that I alluded to it at all was because
of some intimation in his manner and tone that
he, perhaps, looked on me as responsible for
the paragraph. That wasthe reason I declined
to explain or make any explanation on that
particular point. I think now he has made the
matter of his own feeling in this case a little
more manifest than it was at first. And I beg
now to say, as I said before, that I am in no
sense responsible for that paragraph, except
that in conversation with others I may possibly
have made myself responsible for the facts
stated in it, namely, that the gentleman, hav-
ing opposed the bill before the House at that
time, and contributed to its defeat, immediately
reintroduced the same bill. That is a fact that
he himself admits. And in the absence of any
explanation on his parj;, I beg leave to say to him
that it gives rise to a certain construction which
may or not be venomous, but is certainly not
complimentary to the one that does it. Now, I
put no such construction upon it; but Itake the
liberty of saying here that I know others did
place that construction upon it.
The^ explanation of the gentleman of the way
iu which the bill was reintroduced and the
motives that led him to reintroduce it is per-
fectly satisfactory to all persons, I suppose, as
it seemed to be to the gentleman who was the
author of this bill, [Mr. jexckes.] With that
explanation the matter is clear now ; without
it 1 submit to jiirn jthat it was not clear before.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman
know that the bill that was reintroduced was
the identical bill reported from the committee?
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not know that fact.
But, as I said before, I was assured by a mem-
ber that it was the same bill verbatim., et litera-
tim, et pvrictvatim.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know how the
fact is, either. And I repeat that the bill was
sent or brought to me by the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] as it turns out. or
rather I think two bills were brought to me,
one of which I sent to the Clerk's desk, and
the other I returned, withoutlookinginto either.
Mr. RAYMOND. With that explanation,
as I said before, it is entirely satisfactory.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill for the reorgan-
ization of the Army.
contingent expenses of xaty department.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
submitting a detailed statement of the expendi-
tures of the contingent fund of that Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1865, agree-
ably to the act of Congress of August 2H, 1842 ;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the bill (H. R. No. 184) entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and of revenue cutters."
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, the bill (II.
R. No. 25; entitled "An act for the relief of
Thomas Hurly."
*
The message also communicated the follow-
ing extract from the Journal of the Senate:
In Senate of the United States,
April 16,1866.
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to re-
quest the House of Representatives to return to the
Senate a bill of the House (H. B. No. 458) granting
a pension to Sarah E. Pickell, which was postponed
indefinitely on the 13th instant.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
railroad to the pacific.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, reported
back, with certain amendments, a bill (S. No.
20) entitled "An act granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast," and moved that the same
be recommitted, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reorganization of the army.
Agreeably to order, the House resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 361) enti-
tled "An act to reorganize and establish the
Army of the United States."
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Hale, to insert after the word "lieu-
tenants," in the twelfth line of the third sec-
tion, the following:
And that after the original vacancies are filled,
enlisted men of the regular Army who shall have
served at least six months shall iu like manner he
eligible to appointment as second lieutenants.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] the propriety of
inserting in his amendment the words "one
year" instead of "six months," in order to
prevent an abuse, by which men without proper
claims may be enlisted for the very purpose of
getting commissions, an abuse which has pre-
vailed to some extent, and for which a door
ought not to be opened.
Sir. HALE. 1 see no objection to that. " I
modify my amendment in that way.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from New York, which
I think will improve his amendment, and will,
I believe, meet his approval My proposition
is that enlisted men should be eligible to second
lieutenancies after one year's service, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio, in the
regiments in which they are serving, and not
in other regiments. The language of the
amendment as it now stands would allow an
enlisted man of one regiment to be enlisted in
another.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not see the objection to
allowing these men to be transferred. I under-
stand that this corresponds with the ordinary
practice of the Department. It is deemed
better, I believe, that when appointments are
made the appointees should be transferred to
new regiments in which they have not served.
Mr. PAINE. With regard to the general
rule the gentleman is right, but if he will con-
sider the effect of that rule as applied to this
case he will see that it ought not to be adopted.
Now, there are six new regiments of cavalry
for which we are now providing; but there are
in the Army fifty-five regiments of infantry and
six regiments of artillery, in addition to twelve
regiments of cavalry. Now, the rule which he
proposes will allow enlisted men from all those
regiments to be commissioned in these six new
j regiments of cavalry. It. will be observed that
j it is only in these six new regiments of cavalry
that the most desirable vacancies can be found
in the Army. The six regiments of artillery
are already full or are provided for; the six
old regiments of cavalry are already full or are
provided for. It is only in these six new regi-
; ments that there will be vacancies; and if we
! allow enlisted men of the Army, who have
; served as volunteers during this war, to bo
: transferred from any one of these eighty regi-
i ments into these six regiments, but a very I)
small chance, it seems to me, will be left for
volunteers who have served either as enlisted
men or as officers during the war and have by
such meritorious service earned the right to
commissions in these regiments.
I move to amend the amendment by adding
to it the words "in the regiments in which they
shall have served.''
Mr. HALE. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that the amendment proposed by fhe gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] should not
be adopted. I understand that it has ordina-
rily been found the true policy, in making
appointments from the rank and file of the
Army, to transfer the' appointees to regiments
in which they have not served, for the simple
reason that one who has served as a private is
less likely to exercise the proper discipline and
control among men with whom he has been
familiar as a companion and an equal than
among strangers.
I do not think that the gentleman from Wis-
consin has any good reason to fear that these
regiments will be filled up from the rank and
file of the whole Army. I am not aware that
the War Department in appointments or com-
missions has ever manifested any such favor-
itism on behalf of the rank and file of the
Army as to lead to the belief that there will be
an abuse of power in this respect hereafter.
I think there is no reason to apprehend these
regiments will be unduly flooded by appoint-
ments from the rank and file. This same pro-
vision is to be made, of course, in regard to the
infantry regiments, and it seems to me they
ought to be left on an equality.
The question recurred on Mr. Paike's amend-
ment to the amendment.
The House was divided, and there were—
ayes nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Hale's
amendment.
Mr. PAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Schenck's
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House agreed to insert after the words "shall
be eligible " the words "without having served
as volunteers."
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I will assign
as briefly as I can my reasons for moving the
reconsideration of that amendment. It was an
amendment which was adopted to come in the
eleventh line of the third section, after the
word '' eligible," so as to make the section read:
That graduates of the United States Military
Academy shall be eligible, without having served as
volunteers, to appointment as sccond lieutenants.
I am more than ever satisfied that the bill
as originally reported was very much nearer .
right than it will be with any such amendment.
That amendment, if it have any effect at all, at
least does not carry out the intention of the
section iu that clause, nor avoid the evil in-
tended to be guarded against. As provided now
by the section, two thirds of the officers above
the grade of first lieutenant are to be selected
from the volunteers, and all the subalterns, that
is, the first and second lieutenants, from the
volunteers. The proviso was put in to save the
graduates of West Point, the object being to
enable the young iflen who have been educated
there to come in, notwithstanding this third
section allows only volunteers in these subor-
dinate appointments. Without that provision
they will be excluded.
Now, if we put in these words, if graduates
may come in without having served as volun-
teers, it can only have some such effect as this:
none of the graduates who are yet to come from
West Point have served either in the volunteers
or the regular Army, and it must be intended
lo cover graduates who have been sent out from
that xVcademv in former years. Now, every
graduate of West Point living during this war
either served in the volunteers, or in the regu-
lar Army, or did not serve at all._ If he has
served in the volunteers he is provided for as a.
