1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
very likely continue to hold pretty much the
same general principles, progressing of course
with the increasing advancement of the age;
and if the Supreme Court as it will hereafter
be constituted, shall substantially agree with
them, how will the gentlemen help themselves?
In that case, we will have the same Constitu-
tion that Taney construed, but no " jDred Scott
decisions'' will be deduced from it forevermore.
And this, the gentleman from New Jersey and
all his followers will testify will be a total
change of the instrument.
My purpose, Mr. Speaker, in these illustra-
tions, is to demonstrate that the constitutions,
laws, and institutions of a people are but the out-
growth of the wants, development, and the cul-
ture of that people, and are unfolded from them
by this same natural process of growth. T said,
Mr. Speaker, that the community has within it
the germs of all possible forms of government
by reason of the various characters of the indi-
viduals who compose it, just as the child has in
it the germs of all possibilities of character by
virtue of its various faculties. Our country was
and could be no exception to this rule. In its
organization the good and the bad, the educa-
ted and the ignorant, the simple and the crafty,
the benevolent and the selfish, the inborn dem-
ocrat and the natural tyrant, were the innate
faculties, so to speak, of this grand man, the
body-corporate. And out of these jarring and
discordant elements were to be evolved in the
progress of the community, the constitution,
the laws, and the institutions that were event-
ually to form its permanent character. Selfish
men would gladly have made everything sub-
servient to their own aggrandizement, and to
accomplish this would have formed an oli-
garchy, a monarchy, or a despotism. Good
men would gladly have laid the foundations of
the structure ilpon the broad principles of right
and justice, and would have embodied them
into the forms of a pure republic. Neither
party was then strong enough absolutely to
control the other, and the result was a com-
promise.
1 do not, Mr. Speaker, complain of the
fathers for this compromise; it really satisfied
nobody at the time, yet all accepted it as the
best they could get, and trusted to the future to
secure such changes as they severally desired.
It was, no doubt, under the then existing cir-
cumstances all that ought to have been expected.
But it'is hardly worth while for us at this day
to worship blindly, as perfection, that which by
the common consent of those who framed it
was not perfect, and which has been, by the
charges of all parties disregarded, and most
profanely broken and trampled upon ever since.
J yield, sir. to no man living in my devotion to
the Constitution ; while I am not conscious of
a very piofound reverence for anybody's con-
struction of it which does not happen to coin-
cide with my own. And in this, sir, my sin-
gularity probably consists in the simplicity tb,at
permits the utterance of it. We all now see
the error of admitting into'it, even by compro-
mise, the seeds of civil strife. And if "history
is philosophy teaching byexample," itis surely
the pa'-t of statesmen so instructed not to sow
again the seeds of a like harvest for our chil-
dren.
This. Mr. Speaker, brings me to the subject of
slavery. And I do not mean by thisterm merely
its vulgar and brutal side as seen in the "harem,
the slave-pen. the auction-blpck. the shambles,
the coflle-gang. and the bloody lash of thechiv-
• alric Democrat as lie extorted unpaid labor from
whipped and fettered women!" 1 mean, sir,
that selfishness which disregards the rights of
others. And this, sir, which is the essential
spirit of slavery, can never be located within
geographical lines, or limited to any particular
color of the skin. It may be just as active and
remorseless in the home of the domestic tyrant
in Massachusetts as upon the cane-fields of
Louisiana.
I have, therefore, 110 indiscriminate eulogies
for all the inhabitants of one section and denun-
ciations of those of another. It wanted but the
favoring circumstances to have made many a
northern man a slaveholder in fact, and many
a slaveholder in the South has been a true friend
of freedom and mankind. Our whole history
shows that many of the meanest and most un-
scrupulous supporters of the system were north-
ern men who never owned a slave, while many
of the truest friends of their country stood in
the relation of master ; and it requires but little
argument to scatter the miserable sophistry that
in this Hall so persistently attempts to justify
the whole infernal system by the atrocious false-
hood that Washington was its champion!
At the formation of the Constitution slavery
unfortunately existed in nearly all the States.
But it was the common expectation and belief
that it would soon be abolished in them all, as
it was the common sentiment that it was an
outrage upon the rights of humanity, and the
source of infinite danger if perpetuated. It
was this common expectation and belief which
led to the still more unfortunate recognition
of it in the Constitution. For in this accursed
institution, the selfish and tyrannical found a
central rallying point, which naturally drew
together and to concert of action all the ele-
ments of reckless disregard of human rights,
corresponding in the body-corporate to the ani-
mal propensities in the man; while around the
glorious doctrine of human brotherhood clus-
tered the pure and good of all sections, corre-
sponding to the higher faculties of the individ-
ual. And now commenced the "irrepressible
conflict." For until then no one thought of
permanently maintaining the system which all
admitted to be wrong. But then, too, came
into force the pressure of the law before referred
to, and which operates upon men and commu-
nities alike, that neither can continue to prac-
tice what is at the same time admitted to be
wrong. The thing is impossible in human ac-
tion. Those, therefore, who maintained the
iniquity of the system were compelled by this
law of necessity to look and labor for its
extirpation. Among these were Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, and their compeers, who,
while holding the relation of masters to slaves,
were never imbued with its spirit, never justi-
fied it, never by one word in all their writings
gave it their sanction; but through all their
lives looked and prayed and labored for its
abolition ; and most of them, at their deaths,
if not before, emancipated those they held.
It requires, Mr. Speaker, an audacity that
rises to the sublime for gentlemen upon this floor
to represent these friends of freedom whose
names grace the brightest pages of our history
as the champions of slavery, and to hold up
their temporary and unwilling connection with
it as its pcrfect sanctification. No, sir; they
never were slaveholders in spirit and purpose;
never made themselves such by justifying to
themselves and the world the system which they
always deplored and hoped to see exterminated.
. But there was another and different class of
men, who, finding that the institution minis-
tered to their pecuniary gain and political im-
portance and the gratification of their lusts,
determined that the system should be perpetu-
ated. And then it became neccssary that such
should justify themselves, for it was not possi-
ble that they could stand up in the face of the
world self-acknowledged criminals, and pro-
claim their purpose to remain such. For sla-
very is absolutely right or it is, indeed, "the
sum of all villanies." Tt is true, the arguments
they used never imposed upon honest men, and
were not at first expected to do so. The object
was to silence their own consciences while any
conscience remained. And it must be remem-
bered that when a man has become depraved
enough deliberately to say, "Evil, be thou my
good," he has crucified conscience and is
" given over to believe a lie" corresponding ±o
his state. It matters not, then, how utterly ab-
surd the sophistry is; and in fact the more pre-
posterous the easier he can impose it upon his
own willing but perverted intellect, and the
stronger will become his delusion that he can
hide behind it from the burning gaze of others.
Why, sir, this is perfectly manifest from the
rehash we are having here from day to day of
the old stale arguments which were used by the
slaveholders and their tools when they had the
logic of the mob and the eloquence of the
bludgeon to enforce them. And what are these
arguments !
First, "the negroes are an inferior race."
Suppose that to be true. Is it anything more
or less than the naked doctrine that might
makes right? On this theory the strong have a
right to trample upon the weak everywhere. Is
it any wonder that the land is full of violence ?
No man is safe where such a sentiment pre-
vails, and freedom is impossible where such
men can seize upon power. If the negroes are
an inferior race it is a very good reason why
they should be treated kindly and aided in their
efforts at elevation, but none at oil why to their
natural misfortune should be added the intol-
erable load of oppression. But is it not barely
possible that it is not so much the belief of the
inferiority of the negro as the fear of his rivalry
that occasions a good share of the " ncgropho-
bia" with which so many are afflicted? But
the argument shows how utterly tmen can per-
vert their reason. It is right, nay, chivalric, to
enslave the negro because he is inferior! It
must be chivalrie, then, for a strong man to
assault a cripple without provocation, simply
because he is too weak to defend himself!
Why not ? We have had the argument repeated
here ad nauseam.
But another argument is that they were born
slaves, and therefore it was right to hold them
as such. Born slaves? How did that happen?
Could there have been any slaves in the Union
at the date of Lincoln's proclamation if some-
body had not reduced them to that condition,
first kidnapping them? I do not mean the steal-
ing of their ancestors from Africa, but the chil-
dren from'the negro huts of the South. Could
one of them possibly have been a slave unless
some one had taken him at some time of his
life and by force held and used him as such ?
"Ah! but they were born slaves!" Sir, they
were born just as other people were, and were
no more slaves than others until somebody
committed just that crime, by whatever name
you chose to call it, that he would have com-
mitted if he had gone to the cradle and trundle-
bed in your home, Mr. Speaker, and taken your
children and held them as slaves.
" But their mothers were slaves, and of course
that made the children slaves likewise.'' Then
you have a perfect right to go into your neigh-
bor's house and assault and beat his children,
provided you take the precaution first to assault
and insult their mother! First kick a woman
and that will give you a clear right to cuff her
children. " But the law made slaves of all the
children of slave women."  Did it indeed?
And who made the law, pray? And what was
it? Why the slaveholders and their abettors,
of course, made the law, and it was just this,
no more and no less : they bound themselves
together by the most solemn pledges to stand
by and aid each other in compelling these peo-
ple to work for nothing all their lives under the
lash, while the conspirators lived in idleness
and lust; and to torture even to death any of
them that refused or tried to escape. And
when they put that pledge into the form of a
law they held it up, in the innocence of their
souls, as a perfect justification.
What would you think, Mr. Speaker, if a
dozen ordinary thieves and burglars should
mfeet and resolve—and put it in the exact form
of a section of the slave code—that at midnight
to-night they would break into your house and
rob you, and murder you if you resisted; and
to-morrow, with the plunder in their hands,
should publicly hold out their "law" as a full
and complete warrant for the deed ? But, sir,
such an act would be innocence itself compared
with the crime of slavery, for it would leave you
and your posterity still untouched, while the
slaveholder strikes humanity itself from the
brow of the slave, and classes him with and
treats him as a brute.
'' But God and the Bible sanctioned and sanc-
tified it!" Didlle? Would you, Mr. Speaker,
sanction one of your children in seizing another
