1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
leeted that three years ago an appropriation
of $20,000 was marie to test the practicability
of cultivating and preparing liemp or flax as a
substitute for cotton, under the direction of the
Commissioner of Agriculture. This fund has
been administered by the Commissioner of Ag-
riculture with very great economy and with
very good results. Although the process of
cottonizing flax, or reducing flax to such a con-
dition that it may be spun upon cotton ma-
chinery, has not been attained, andf perhaps
from the nature of the fiber may never be at-
tained—that is a question yet to be settled-
very great improvements have been made in
the use of flax. It has been applied to many
different articles in which before U was un-
known. In some it is equal to cotton; in
some it is superior to cotton; in some it is
inferior to cotton; but from its greater cheap-
ness it produces a very valuable fabric. The
Commissioner of Agriculture states that of
the fund of $20,000 he has transferred back
$10,50Q to the surplus fund of the Treasury;
and in these days when there is a deficicncy
bill for everything, I thought that so econom-
ical an administration was deserving of honor-
able mention. I move that the communica-
tion lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 436) to reorganize the
clerical force of the War Department, and for
other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 190)
in regard to rations of Union soldiers held as
prisoners of war, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 187)
recommending the reorganizatiou and instruc-
tion of the militia of the several States, and
providing for the distribution of ordnance and
ordnance stores, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 77)
respecting brevet rank to officers of the Army,
reported adversely thereon, and moved that it
be indefinitely postponed ; which motion was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 191) to provide
clerical force for military divisions and depart-
ments, reported adversely thereon, and moved
the indefinite postponement of the bill; which
motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 188)
for the appointment of a commission on trans-
portation between the western States and the
Atlantic sea-board, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 156) to amend
the ninth section of the act entitled "An act
to increase the pay of soldiers in the United
States Army, and for other purposes," reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 20)
requesting the President to suspend any order
mustering out the officers of the. Veteran Re-
serve corps until Congress shall take some
legislative action in regard to the corps, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 701) granting a
pension to Mrs. lmogene Buckingham, of Ed-
' gar county, Illinois, reported adverselythereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 46)
for the relief of Martha McCook, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Elisha Baxter,
late colonel of the fourth regiment Arkansas
mounted infantry in the United States ser-
vice, praying for such legislation as will en-
able the officers and men of that command
to obtain compensation for serviees rendered
and property lost as if they had been regularly
mustered on the day of their respective enlist-
ments, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration and. that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Walter P. Halleck,
late a second lieutenant in the Veteran Re-
serve corps, praying that he may be reinstated
in his former position in that corps, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 87) for
the relief of certain volunteer officers appointed
by the President, to report it back adversely;
and as this subject has been acted upon by the
Senate, I move the indefinite postponement of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 77) to pro-
vide for the examination of certain officers of
the Army, to report it back to the Senate; and
as that provision is incorporated in the Army
bill, I move the indefinite postponement of
this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Claims, which was agreed to; namely:
A petition of J. W. Turner, of the Veteran
Reserve corps, praying that he may be allowed
pay for traveling and subsistence from Young's
Point, Louisiana, to his home in Iowa;
A petition of Annie E. Dixon, praying for a
pension;
A petition of D. A. Daniels, praying for com-
pensation for services rendered while second
lieutenant of the third Minnesota battery ;
A petition of Mrs. Mary G-ood, praying for
a pension;
A petition of William H. Johnson, praying
for compensation for services rendered as a
private in company T, fourteenth regiment New
York heavy artillery, while in the service of
the United States, which, on account of his
color, cannot be paid by the Paymaster Gen-
eral; and
A petition of Myles Doran, of the fourteenth
regiment Michigan volunteers, praying that he
may be allowed the pay and allowances of a
second lieutenant from the 3d of February,
18C5, to the 18th of July, 1865.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions and memo-
rials, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to:
A petition of Enos Kellsey, of Napoli, New
York, praying for a pension;
A petition of hospital stewards of the Army,
praying that they may be placed on an equal
footing with those who perform similar services
in European armies, namely, second lieuten-
ants of infantry;
A petition of Andrew Branstettcr, praying
for a pension;
A petition of James A. Paige and others,
late chaplains in the Army, praying that they
may not be required to refund the amounts
drawn by them for commutation for fuel and
quarters from June, 1802, to April, 186!!;
A memorial of the Legislature of New York
in favor of retaining the Veteran Reserve corps
in the military service of the United States;
A memorial of members of the Signal corps
stationed in Texas, praying for the discharge
of that corps of the Army;
_ A petition of enlisted men of company G-.
eighth regiment United States Veteran volun-
teers, praying that they may be paid the bounty
due them, which was lost through the careless-
ness or fraud of a disbursing officer; '
A petition of discharged officers of the vol-
unteer army, praying that the Veteran Reserve
corps may be made part of the standing Army
of the United States; and
A petition of citizens of the United States,
praying that one hundred and sixty acres of
land may be granted to the soldiers of the late
war.
_Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 424) to incorporate the Washing-
ton Temperance Society, of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 779) to incorporate the Na-
tional Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 333) to incorporate
the American Cotton Company, of the District
of Columbia, moved that it be indefinitely post-
poned ; which motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Washing-
ton, praying that the judges of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia may be
authorized to appoint an additional number
of notaries, reported adversely thereon, and
moved the indefinite postponement of the sub-
ject ; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCIvALEW, from the select com-
mittee on ventilation, submitted a report, with
accompanying documents, constituting an ex-
amination of the plan of ventilation; which
was ordered to be printed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 737) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes,
have directed me to report it back with sundry
amendments, which I wish to have printed so
that the bill may be ready to-morrow morning,
when I propose to take it up.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 3) to revive the grade of
General in the United States Army, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 343) to quiet land titles in
California; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 439) to amend an act approved June 21,
1866, entitled " An act for the disposal of the
public lands for homestead actual settlement
in the Slates of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Florida;" which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
POTOMAC WATER.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 135) relating to the sup-
ply of Potomac water to the Capitol, which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask forthe immediate con-
sideration of the resolution. I understand that
the supply for the last two or three day shas been
altogether inadequate, and it is said to be owing
