1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lOlg
of the common family and making him his slave,
and treating him as such? If not, why not?
Are you better than God? And if to claim
your sanction for such a deed in your family
would be a slander upon you, what perdition
is deep enough to engulf the blasphemer who
impiously claims the sanction of the univer-
sal Father for the act? Yet all this we are
doomed to hear from day to day upon this floor,
notwithstanding slavery has been forever abol-
ished by the amendment to the Constitution.
But the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.*
Rogeiis] does not acquiesce in that amend-
ment. So .sacred a thing is slavery in his eyes
that he deliberately declared, in his place, that
in his opinion the people of the United States
could not by their unanimous vote, and that
ratified by every State but Kentucky, abolish
slavery in that State without her consent. And
he announced to us that until Kentucky rati-
fied the amendment, as she does not intend to
do, it will be perfectly inoperative, and that
consequently slavery is not abolished. I did
not suppose that the Democratic party, as such,
would take that position. But, as the gentle-
man referred to is the acknowledged leader in
this House, I shall wait to see how the party
falls into rank. The gentleman fortified his
constitutional argument by the theological one
affirming that neither Christ nor His apostles
ever condemned slavery, although they lived
all their lives in a land of slaves.
Let us look where this would lead. I do not
propose to answer the gentleman, but to say
that he has got off the negro there, uncon-
sciously, of course. It is true that Rome, in the
days of Christ and His apostles, from her seven-
hilled city ruled the world and filled it with
slaves. But they were not negroes. Our an-
cestors from England were then bought, and
sold like sheep and oxen in her shambles. If
Christ and His apostles sanctioned slavery then,
it was the enslavement of white men, and our
ancestors among them. x\nd Athens, that other
miscalled republic, was also referred to as hold-
ing slaves. She did so, but they were not
negroes. Her twenty-five thousand citizens
held five hundred thousand slaves. But, sir,
they were as white as their masters. Sir, every
such argument is an argument for the enslave-
ment of white men. Are gentlemen ready to
go before the country upon that issue ?
But here the gentleman turns round and,
leaving his Bible argument, lights again upon
the negro, and declares, in justification of the
system, that he has.always been a slave. I deny
the fact. The enslavement of the negro is of
modern invention. But it would be very dan-
gerous as well as illogical to make it a justifi-
cation of slavery. Has not the white man been
enslaved, too ? I have just shown that the slaves
of Grecce and Home were white. And has
freedom been the happy lot of all white men in
modern times? Go to the slave marts of Con-
stantinople. to-day, and you will see the whitest
people of Europe up.on the auction-block—the
-beautiful virgins of Circassia and Georgia. Go
to Russia, and among all her twenty-five mil-
lions of late slaves, just emancipated, thank
God! there was not a negro. And even in our
own sunny South the negro was fast disappear-
ing. and the blood of the chivalry blushed in
the bleached cheeks of her slaves as they sold
their own sons and daughters. And why not? ,
Is it any more wrong to enslave a white man !
than a black one? And would he who justifies
the enslavement of the negro on any of these
grounds hesitate a moment lo enslave you, Mr.
Speaker, and your children, if he had the power?
Why, one would think, from the speeches of
gentlemen, that a white skin was everywhere a
perfect protection against all wrong, and that
nobody had evev been oppressed but the negro.
But "is this so ? Where are the toiling millions
of all the white nations to-day? Look at Eng-
land ! Look at Austria! Look at France!
Look at all the petty despotisms of Europe
that are grinding the toiling millions of the
white race into the earth! What do tyrants care
for the color of those they oppress? Did the
perjured traitor who clambered over the heca-
tombs of his murdered countrymen to place
the throne of his bastard empire upon the
ruins of the republic he had sworn to support
stop to look at the color of his victims? If I
am rightly informed, the French people are
not negroes! Sir, the inborn tyrant cares noth-
ing for the color of those he tramples upon.
He would place his foot upon the naked, quiv-
ering, palpitating heart of humanity as a step-
ping-stone to power; and this eternal harping
upon the negro is continued here only because
it is thought he can be used to arouse the preju-
dices of the selfish and brutal to the political
advantage of those who have no other capital.
I must be permitted, Mr. Speaker, to refer
for a moment to one other gentleman, the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardixg.]
He declared in his place that the constitutional
amendment had robbed the slaveholders of
Kentucky of 8100,000,000! Yes! robbery was
the word, and often repeated. You heard his
bitter denunciations of this robbery and his
demand for compensation. But how were they
robbed? Strip the gentleman's speech of its
superfluities and venom and it was just this :
" We, the thirty thousand slaveholders of Ken-
tucky, were living comfortably, and even luxu-
riantly, upon the negroes. When the negro
earned a dollar we took it away from him and
spent it. If he raised a chicken we went to the
roost and carried it away and ate it. If we
became ' hard up' to pay a debt of honor or
otherwise, we went into his cabin and took one
of his children and sold it, and if the frantic
mother made an outcry-)ve silenced her with
theiash! This is the way we lived, and we lived
well: and but for your tyrannical and uncon-
stitutional interference we could have extorted
and tortured 5100,000,000 out of the negroes
of that State. You have prevented us from
doing this, and have thereby taken the bread
from our mouths and left our wives and chil-
dren to starve, and we therefore demanded
compensation!" Sir, I have not misstated the
gentleman's argument. I need not answer it.
We have had all this intermingled with in-
terminable harangues about a white man's Gov-
ernment. I believe every gentleman on the
other side has harped upon that string, assuring
us that the essence of democracy is a white
man's Government. Why, sir, every despotism
in Europe to-day is a white man's Government.
The struggling Pole, the patient Austrian, the
versatile Frenchman, the impulsive Irishman,
are each enjoying the beatitudes of this dem-
ocratic elvsium — white men's Governments.
Sir, with the teachings of history before me,
I prefer some other guarantee than a mere
white man's Government. We had that under
the Democratic party, in the bosom of which
the rebellion was hatched, and could have it
again, under the same party, by admitting
these same conspirators back to their vacant
seats to join with those occupying like seats
not vacated. For myself. Mr Speaker, I pre-
fer a republican Government, founded upon the
rights of man and administered in equity, to a
despotism, however white the despot may be.
Mr. Speaker, 1 would like to reply to several
gentlemen on the other side, but as niv time
is growing short, and ammunition nearly ex-
hausted. 1 shall not aim at any one in particular,
but fire inl o the flock, and if any one should hap-
pen to be hit we will know by the flattering. Sir.
some of my friends on this side of the House
cannot believe that gentlemen on the other side
are in earnest in all this. 1 do not agree with
them. I believe they are m^st thoroughly in
earnest. I recently spent an hour m a mad-
house. I there saw men in every stage of
mania, and all in the most absolute earnest.
Among them was a man of evident culture,
who for six weary years had perambulated the
halls of the institution with a paper fool's-cap
on his head for a crown and a straw in his liaud
for a scepter, proclaiming himself the Emperor
of all the Indies. Touch his crown or his scep-
terand he went into spasms until it was returned.
Now, does au> one suppose that he could make
such an exhibition of himself if he did not most
thoroughly believe in the truth of his halluci-
nation ? No, the misfortune in his case was
that he did believe it. And I am convince^
that this is just what ails the gentlemen on the
other side of the House. I have long believed
the doctrine I am advancing as a most rational
theory, but wanted such practical examples as
would place it among the philosophical axioms.
Hence, while the gentlemen were giving utter-
ance to their astounding vagaries I watched
them with intense interest, believing that the
curious phenomenathus exhibiting would either'
confirm my theory or forever upset it. I am
happy to say that it is a theory no longer,
but a truth demonstrated. For I declare here,
that through all the amusing but sad perform-
ance I detected no blush upon any cheek, nor
a single face of all the performers suffused with'
shame. Could this have been the ease if gentle-
men had not believed what they said ? Sir, if
they had not believed their phantasies as un-
doubtingly as my friend the Emperor of the
Indies "did his their cheeks must have flushed
crimson though cased in triple plates of copper.
Yes, they did believe it, and if gentlemen upon
this floor, who have not a single negro to bless
themselves with, can play such tricks upon
their intellects, what might not the slavehold-
ers themselves believe ?
Sir, the slaveholders did bring themselves to
believe that they had a right to hold slaves, that
God and nature and the Constitution sanctified
and sanctioned and guarantied it to them. And,
so believing, they believed they had a right to all
the means requisite to their full enjoyment of
that guarantee. But tlicy could not be secure in
this right if the slaves were acknowledged to
be men: and they therefore had the right to
class and treat them as brutes and punish with
death the crime of teaching a slave to read.
Again, the system would not be,secure if men
in the slave States were permitted to discuss the
matter in any form, and hence the freedom of
speech and the press must be suppressed as the
highest of crimes; and no man could utter the
simplest truths but at the risk of his life. For
more than aquarter of a century the world knew
no despotism so absolute and relentless as that
which ruled the South.
xlgain, they could not fully enjoy their guar-
antees if shut up in their original boundaries,
and therefore they had aright toiakethem into
all the common Territories. Need I repeat the
story of Kansas which shook the nation to its
center, and culminated in the immortal infamy
of the Dred Scott decision? The dictum is
there laid down that '' Slaves are property, just
as horses, and mules, and agricultural imple-
ments are property," and which has been so
extravagantly eulogized upon thi« floor. From
that didiim naturally unfolded the laws of
Kansas, which, if in force to day. would hie
you. Mr. Speaker, to the dungeon or the gib-
bet, if found with a copy of the Chronicle or
the Globe in your trunk, though used only as
11 wrapping paper. And all that was right if
slavery was right. But. by logical necessity,
that same decision carried slavery with all its
consequences into all the States. I nder the
Constitution the citizen of one State has a
right to take his horses, his mules, and his
i agricultural implements into any other State,
and use and work and sell them there. But
if tlaveswerc* property under the Constitution,
just as these were, then they might be taken
! into anv other State and used and worked and
| sold there. No ingenuity can escape the con-
,1 elusion if the premises are admitted.^ But if
; they had a right to take and hold their slaves
,j in the free States, they had a right to do it in
i satiety, and as they could not hold them safely
ii where dissent was permitted, all dissent must
be suppressed by the stronghand ofpower. \>ill
'! any one dare to say that this would not have
been the next step if the Democratic party had
continued in power? No honest man doubts
it. And can any one fail to sps that ihis^ con*
fiict had progressed until the contending forces
were brought face to face, and that only one of
two things remained possible either the utter
destruction of slavery or the total extinguish-
ment of freedom.
