1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
virtues, their courage, or their merits, and I
respect him when he comes forward as the
champion of the black race, and insists that
the President of the United States, under his
general power as the Commander-in-Chief of
the armies of the United States, shall invite
the worthy of the black race to positions in it ;
and do it, too, under the provisions of the civil
rights bill, which, having made them citizens of
the United States, should also admit them as
members of $e Army by this bill to reorganize
your Army.
The civil rights bill having been passed, the
laws under which your Army is now organized
gives the power ta the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army. An" I wish to see no laggard
philanthropy huddling about the poor privates
of the Army, but they should be allowed the
highest grades that white men have been allowed
to reach. Now, the gentlemen of the Military
Committee know very well the ability and
japacity which the corporals and sergeants of
the colored troops have acquired by their ser-
vice in the Army to this time. And I wantto
know why, in the present state of public opin-
ion, those gentlemen have not brought forward
in their bill a proposition so laudable, so con-
sistent, so patriotic, so just, and so absolutely
necessary to meet the exigencies of the civil
rights bill which they have forced upon us.
I do not want to see the gentleman, the
chairman of the Military Committee, confine
his liberality to the private soldiers of thereg-.
ttlar Army, I want to see him, with that manly
courage which has always characterized him,
take the part of the humble officers of the col-
ored troops, the sergeants and corporals; take
them by the hand and lead them up to the Pres-
ident of the United States, the Commander-in-
Chief of all our armies, and claim for them
positions as officers in the Army. He knows
the argument^ which have been used here so
often on every occasion. The blood of our
brave colored troops has flowed in rivulets
upon every battle-field of this great war, while
those who urged by persistent arguments the
necessity for the use of the black man as a sol-
dier remained here in this House, or but sel-
dom exorcised their prowess on the field.
I hope an amendment will be made in this
spirit- I hope'the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] will lead us on. He is
the Moses of the day. Let him lead on in this
great work: and let the gentlemen of the Mil-
itary Committee hold up the hands of the mod-
ern Moses, so that these people may pass over
in safety. And the time will not be far distant
•when the military organization of this country
will be filled by the patriotic members of the
colored race.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevexs's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were-
46, noes 12; no quorum, voting.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wash-
btjrxe, of Illinois, in the chair,) no quorum
having appeared on the last vote, ordered tell-
ers, and appointed Messrs. Blaise and Chan-
ler.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes fifty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. GRIDER. It was my understanding
that the House was dividing on ordering the
yeas and nays. It was certainly .my intention
that the tellers should be, not on the amend-
ment, but on ordering the yeas and nays. I
demanded tellers on the yeas i and nays at the
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
did not hear the gentleman from Kentucky
demand tellers on the yeas and nays. The
yeas and nays were refused, and the Chair
ordered tellers on the amendment, as there
was no quorum on the previous vote.
Mr. CHANLER. I insist that the division
shall go on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The tellers
will resume their places.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 12 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SPALDING moved that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I insist there shall be a
division in reference to the demand for theyeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not m
order, as the House refused to order the yeas
and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. I think there is a quorum
present now, and I hope by unanimous consent
the tellers will again take their places.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. FINCK. We want the yeas and nays.
Is it in order to move to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays were refused ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in order.
Mr. FINCK. ■ Then I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 28, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Barker. Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Bout-
well, Brandegee, Bromwcll, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conklins. Cook, Davis,
Defrees, Deraing, Donnelly, Eekley, Eliot, Garfield,
Grinnell, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hayes. Henderson,
Hooper. Ilulbiud, Ingersoll, Jcnckcs, Kelloy, Kelso,
Laflin, Loan, Longyear. MarstoH, Marvin, MeClurg,
McKee, Mercur.Moorhead, Morris, Mouiton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth. Paine. Patterson, Price, William II..
Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice.John H. Rice,
Rollins. Sohenclc, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Stevens, Thayer, Franks Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Ward, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn. Wal-
ker, Wentworth, Williams, Stephen E. Wilson Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Boyer, Chanler, Coffroth, Earns-
worth, Einok. Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron
Harding, Hill, Hogan, Chester I). Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Kuykendall. Marshall, McCullough,
Morrill, Nicholson, Phelps. Ritter, Ross, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Robert T. Van
Horn, and Henry D. Washburn—28.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Broomall.Buckland. Cullom,
Culver. Darling, Dawes, Dawson. Delano, Denison,
Dixou,T3odge, Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston.Eldridge,
Farrinhar. Ferry, Griswold. Harris, Hart, Higby,
Holmes. Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbnrd, James R. Hubbell,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Kotcham, Lntharo,
George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Lynch, Mclndoe, McRucr, Miller, Newell, Niblack,
Noell, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall. Rogers, Sawyer, Sitgrcaves,
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Trimble, Burt
Van Horn, Whaley, James E. Wilson, Winfield, and
Wright—76.
So the amendment was agreed*to.
During the vote,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Beaman-, was compelled to leave
the House by indisposition.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BLAINE. I move, after the words ''any
portion of the cavalry force herein authorized
may be dismounted and armed and drilled as
.infantry at the discretion of the President," to
insert the following:
But the number so dismounted shall be taken, so
far as the interests of the service will permit, pro-
portionately and impartially from the several cavalry
regiments.
I will explain the objcct and the necessity
for this amendment. The cavalry service con-
sists at present of six regiments. It is pro-
posed to add six. Inhere is a great deal of
jealousy among the cavalry when they are dis-
mounted, and the natural operation would be
that those who are last enlisted would be, in a
body, or as whole regiments, kept dismounted,
and the old regiments would be kept mounted,
and a great deal of discontent and unfairness
would be the result.
The Senate bill undertakes to remove that
trouble by proposing that not exceeding four
companies of each regiment shall be dis-
mounted. The effect of that will be to make
twelve cavalry regiments of eight companies
each. -My amendment simply means this: that
the portion dismounted, whatever it may be
in the judgment of those having charge of the
matter, shall, so far as the interest of the ser-
vice will allow, be impartially shared between
all the regiments of the cavalry service, which
will remove jealousy and create fair play all
around. .
I need not say, perhaps, that I-move this with
the assent of the members of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend section
three by adding this at the end:
And such regiment shall have one veterinary sur-
geon, whose compensation shall be $125 per month.
It applies only to the cavalry. These per-
sons employed now are receivingaboutseventy-
five dollars, and rank as sergeants. They get
certain allewances, but they are paid an amount
about sufficient to secure the service of com-
petent, scientific horse doctors.
It has been suggested to me in a communi-
cation on the subject by the chief of the Cav-
alry Bureau that it is absolutely necessary,
in order that proper persons .may be secured,
that the pay should be somewhat increased.
And every one acquainted with the cavalry
service, will understand how essential this
officer is.
It is also proposed to give them the rank,
without command, of captain. I cannot bring
my mind to assent to that proposition. I see
no reason why, without command, we should
give them that rank. But I think the^ pay
should be increased so as to afford additional
inducement for securing good officers. This
$125 per month will be the entire compensa-
tion. They will be without any allowances
or emoluments if this amendment shall pass.
It amounts to $1,500 a year, which I think is
nccessary.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
wortii] suggests $100 a month. I think it is
not, and in the opinion of the chief of the
Cavalry Bureau, men cannot be engaged for
that sum who are of the right character.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest S100 a
month, assimilating it to the amount paid by
the Government to contract surgeons in the
Army. A'large portion of the surgeons that
were employed-during the war received but
S100 per month.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee
on Military AfFaii-s that veterinary surgeons are
necessary in the cavalry service. Such regi-
ments when mounted cannot well do without
them. And I agree that the Government has
not paid enough for such officers. During the
fore part of the war they only received, 1 be-
lieve, the pay of sergeant major. Latterly they
were paid seventy-five dollars per month. I
think $100, which is half way between seventy-
five dollars and $125, will command the ser-
vice of veterinary surgeons certainly as well as
$100 will command the services of surgeons
qualified to take charge of hospitals. I there-
fore move that amendment.
Mr. HALE. I wish to submit to the chair-
man of the committee whether a horse doctor
ought to have better pay than a doctor of men.
The assistant surgeon of the Army is the medi-
cal officer of the regiment, and he gets a less
sum than this bill proposes for a horse doctor.
According to the present bill his pay and allow-
ances amount to less than $125 a month, and
he ranks as lieutenant. It seems to me that a
man who doctors horses ought not to be paid
more than one wbo attends to the cure of the
ills of the human race.
Mr. SCHENCK. The assistant surgeon
ranks as lieutenant of cavalry. He gels less
pay, but a great deal more compensation, be-
cause he gets cet'tain rations and allowances
for servants' rations and clothing, and various
little things which go to make up the compen-
sation, which are not taken into the account
when you talk about his pay proper. By the
bill before the House the first lieutenant gets
$1,800 and the second lieutenant $1,600.
Mr. HALE. By the Army Register an
assistant surgeon of less than five years' service
ranks as first lieutenant, and his total pay
and allowances amount to $112 83 per month.
Mr. SCHENCK. That may be so published.
