3894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
to the extravagant use of the water in the eity
below. They are using it in the streets con-
stantly. There is now not water enough in the
Capitol to supply the wants of the day. It can
be corrected, as it is imagined, by prohibiting,
by some regulation which the Secretary of the
Interior may authorize, the unnecessary use of
the water that is now being made in the city.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the resolution be read
for information.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, which
proposes to authorize the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to take such immediate
measures as he may think best to cause a con-
stant supply of Potomac water to the Capitol.
Mr. GRIMES. I should be hardly willing
to pass that resolution, in its present form at
any rate. The Commissioner of Public Build-
ings may choose to go and build a new aque-
duct under this resolution. It gives him un-
limited power. I desire to say, in answer to
the statement of the Senator from Maryland,
that lo my certain knowledge the policemen
are going around this morning notifying the
people that they must not waste the water as
they have been doing the last four or five days.
I know it has been wasted, and the result has
been that there has been a deficient supply.
Almost every man has had a water-works in
front of his house, going, some of them, nearly
the whole day, and the night besides. But the
notification of which I speak has been given
this morning, and 1 apprehend that from this
time forward there will be no difficulty on the
subject. But this resolution would authorize
the Commissioner of Public Buildings to ex-
pend an unlimited amount of money.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Secretary of the In-
terior was applied lo, and I understand said the
fault was only lo be corrected by enlarging the
dam. That cannot be douo, for the necessity
is an immediate one. Certainly it was not, my
purpose to authorize the Commissioner or to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to in-
crease the supply of water in the way suggested
by the honorable member from Iowa. 1 move,
however, the reference of the joint resolution
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PARK AND PliHSIDENTlAIi M\NfTON.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the follow-
ing resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
L'emlvcd, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds (to whom were referred two resolutions
of I he [Senate ducetm^ them to inquiro what tracts
of land ermtninim; not less than one hundred acres
adjoining or near this eity can bo obtained, and for
what prices, for a park iiud Mt,e for a presidential
nnuiMoii, and which shall combine eonvenioneo of
access and hcnilhi'ulness, good water, and capability
of ailormuentj be, and tiiey aro hereby, authorized
to employ a piaetical landscape gardener or topo-
graphical engineer to examine the different tracts of
land oifercd to the committee for such purpose, who
shall repot f. to the committee in December next the
adaptability of cach tract for the object contemplated
by said resolutions.
natal pkxsion I'UXD.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. Do) amendatory of a resolution
regulating the investment of the naval pension
fund, approved July 1,18G4, the pending ques-
tion being on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
resolution read before the vote is taken on its
passage.
The Secretary readthe resolution, as follows:
it rrioh'oA hy the Senate and House of Representa-
tive; oi the United States of Ameriea in ConctresQ av.''fa-
bled, That a resolution approved Julyl, ISO-?, entitled
"A ru-olution regulating the in vestment of the naval
pen-ion fund," lie, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to require such portion of the said fund as is
thereby ordered lo be invested in registered securi-
ties of the United States to be made a permanent
loan to the United States at six percent, interest per
annum in eoin.payableonthelstdayof January and
the 1st day oi July of each year: Provided, That
nothing herein contained «hall be construed to amend
or alter the aforesaid resolution except so far as re-
lates to the mode of investment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Maine [Mr. FessbkjwnJ made some objection
to this measure when it was uj  before. It
seems to me the manifest«ebjection is that this
is a permanent investment at six per cent.,
payable in gold, when everybody, I think, con-
templates a reduction of the rate of interest.
I do not see any substantial use in making a
permanent investment of this character. The
Senator from Maine, who made some objection,
is not now ii\ his seat.
Mr. GRIMES. When the Senator from
Maine objected to this resolution the other
day, I suffered it to lie until the Secretary of
the Treasury came down and urged that it
should be passed, and I went with the Assist-
ant Secretary to see the Senator from Maine,
and he thought there was no objection to it.
The Secretary of the Treasury wants it passed,
because ho is now carrying nine or ton million
dollars of this fund as a part of his temporary
loan, and he does not like to have it appear
there. Under the resolution to which this is
an amendment, it is provided that the naval
pension fund shall be invested in six per cent,
registered bonds. The Secretary of the Navy
now has the authority lo require those bonds
from the Secretary of the Treasury, or he can
take this money and go into the market inNevv
York and buy bonds and hold them as regis-
tered bonds. There is no particular advantage
in his doing that, and, besides, it imposes on
him the necessity of providing safes and vaults
to keep the bonds. This resolution provides
that the fund shall stand on the books of the
Treasury as a permanent fund, without the for-
mality between these two Departments of issu-
ing registered bonds. That is all there is of
it. The resolution is drawn by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and sent to me through the
hands of the Assistant Secretary.
Mr. .JOHNSON. What is the whole amount
Standing to thy credit ofthe Navypcnsion fund?
Mr. GRIMES. About ten millions, I believe.
I do not know that there is that amount unin-
vested, but that is the whole amount.
Mr. JOHNSON. I meant to ask, what is
the amount to bo invested under this resolu-
tion ?
Mr. GRIMES. It is several million dollars;
eight or nine millions, 1 think.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rose for the purpose of
asking whether under the resolution the fund
in the hands of the Treasury received in cur-
rency is to be invested in securities of the Uni-
ted States, dollar for dollar, to be paid in coin
afterwards. If so, that would seem to be mak-
ing the United States pay more than they ought
to pay.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not prepared to say
how it was received; but I have only this to
say, that if the Senator is disposed to drive a
hard bargain with the naval pension fund which
we have dedicated to a specific purpose for the
last sixty years, all that is necessary for the
Secretary of the Navy to do is to draw this
money from the Treasury and go intothemar-
ket and buy these six per cent, gold-bearing
bonds.
Mr. JOHNSON. At 110?
Mr. GRIMES. At whatever they may be
worth. This is simply a fund that is set apart
in the Treasury out of which to pay one class
of pensioners. It belongs to the Government
as a trust fund. It is not proposed to change
the rate of interest, either to increase or to
diminish it, but to pay this fund standing in
the light of a public creditor toward the Treas-
ury, just as we pay everybody else.
■ Mr. JOHNSON. We do notpay everybody
else in the same way. The pensioners are not
paid in gold; they aro paid in currency.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not pay the pension-
ers in gold, bujt you pay everybody to whom you
issue one of your six per cent, bonds in gold.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course you do.
Mr. GRIMES. And you have provided by
law that six per cent, bonds shall be issued for
this fund. The Secretary of the Navy can to-
morrow demand six per cent, bonds; but for
the convenience of the Treasury, we provide
in this resolution that the Treasury shall not
bo under the necessity of issuing a thousand
different $1,000 bonds, but that a mere decla-
ration upon the statute-book shall stand in place
of them. That is all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they authorized now
to invest in six per cent, bonds payable in coin ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Under the laws as they
stand ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. But they must pay the
market price.
Mr. GRIMES. They can demand of the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue the bonds.
If the Secretary refuses to obey, then, if they
choose, they can go into the market and buy
them ; but it is the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury, as the law now stands, to issue these
bonds upon the request of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state what the
facts are as I understand them. The law re-
quires that this fund shall be invested in regis-
tered bonds of the United States, but it says
nothing about the rate of interest. It is the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy so to invest
it. The difficulty, as I understand, is, that the
Secretary of the Treasury offered him five per
cent, bonds, but he declined to receive them,
and demanded six per cent, interest; and the
Secretary of the Treasury finally acquiesccd
in that being done, as I was informed by the
Assistant Secretary yesterday, supposing that
it did not make any very great difference, as
the interest would be probably sufficient to pay
these pensions, and the pensions must be paid.
I^liese bonds are not in the market, but the
money is substantially in the Treasurj', as the
Senator from Iowa says. The money could,
at any time we direct, undoubtedly be made to
bear only five per cent, interest, I presume.
That would not affect the contract with the
parties who are our pensioners. I myself was
inclined to think that five per cent, bonds
ought to be issued, and for that reason I had
this matter laid on the table until I could look
further into it. I was informed that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Secretary of the
Navy had been in consultation about it, and
that this very resolution was drawn at the
Treasury Department, and sent here; and so
understanding, I came to tlio conclusion that I
would not interfere with it any further, because
I really cannot see that it makes any great dif-
ference in the end so far as the payment oi
interest is concerned.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Iowa sug-
gested that I was disposed to drive a hard bar-
gain with this fund.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. Such an idea was farthest
from my thoughts. I desire, however, to in-
quire if this is not making an investment that
will increase the fund. If you invest at par
and give bonds that can be sold at 110 it has
that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. They may be 125 before
long.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not propose to have
the bonds issued; that is the very purpose of
this resolution. As the law now stands, the
Secretary of the Navy can demand the bonds
and then sell them for 110 or 125 if they should
be worth that.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Secretary of the
Treasury can refuse to issue the registered
bonds.
Mr. JOHNSON. The fund is not entitled
to six per cent, bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Iowa will consent to the postponement of the
bill, I will go to the Treasury and consult
further in regard to this matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. To enable the Senator
from Maine to look into the matter, I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill;
and I desire to take up a bill that will consume
very little time and lead to no debate, which
must be passed to-day—Senate bill No. 800,
commonly called the funding bill. I desire to
propose certain amendments to it, which, I
think, will remove the objections to it.
