1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Between these two there was 110 place for a
third, no possibility even for further compro-
mise. The friends of freedom and mankind
could not, nay, they dared not, consent to their
own enslavement, and with that the destruc-
tion of our republican Government and the
hopes of the world. And the slave power, if
it intended to maintain the system as it did,
could not and dared not consent to anything
less than the absolute and perpetual destruc-
tion of liberty. Why, sir, here was the whole
argument in a sentence: "By the laws of God
and nature, by the guarantees of the Constitu-
tion, and the decision of the Supreme Court,
we have a right to hold slaves just as and where
• other property can be held. This right and
guarantee carry with them all the incidents ne-
cessary to their safe enjoyment. But if free
speech and a free press and popular education
are permitted, the very existence of slavery
will be endangered, and they must therefore
be suppressed." And who could answer the
aigument? The only answer possible was to
take away the premises, to deny the right to
hold slaves at all. That right was denied, and
its denial made further diplomacy impossible.
The next step, the only possible next step, was
the clash of arms. The bud had unfolded,
the rose bloomed, the rebellion was inaugu-
rated, and war shook the continent. In this
contest the absolute triumph of one of these
contending principles and the death of the other
became necessary. Sir, men work better than
they know. In the depth of the dark, deep
sea. the coral insect works from age to age,
blindly, but to a grand purpose nevertheless.
And so man works often as blindly as the insect,
but to the accomplishment of divine purposes
still. For,
" Troubles spring not from the ground,
Nor pjini Irom chance.
Eternal order circles round,
And storm and wave find meet and bound
In Providence."
And hence, regardless of what our leading
men thought or wished or purposed, the con-
test could not stop until either slavery or free-
dom found its eternal tomb! And,thank God,
it was slavery that died, and in its death has
made the progress of freedom possible, and the
glory of our country and the redemption of a
race a certainty in the future.
Sir, 1 am not easily moved, but I confess to
a little impatience, sitting here from day to day
aud hearing the members of the great Union
party to which I am proud to belong denounced
as radicals, fanatics, revolutionists, disunion-
ists, and enemies of the country, by gentlemen
whose position, if not their purpose, makes
them the accomplices of traitors. I say accom-
pliccs, for effects follow causes regardless of
men's motives. Arsenic kills without respect to
the mode in which it finds aeeess to the human
organism. If taken to commit suicide it does
its work. If placed in your food by the assas-
sin it performs its work as well. And if taken
from the hand of your physician and friend its
work is still the same—death; not from the
motive of the actors, but from the relation
established between the drug and the organi-
zation. And so results follow from the posi-
tion men occupy without regard to their mo-
tives.
It is the position of the Opposition, then, with
which I am dealing, and I shall leave their
motives to be accounted for by themselves. And
I say here in my place, without following our
brave boys through rebel prison-pens and bloody
battle-fields to unmarked graves, that every one
of them owes his murder more to northern Dem-
ocratic ballots than to southern Democratic"bul
lets. Not so much, sir, to the armed rebel at
the South as to his Democrat fellow-partisan at
the North is the mother indebted for the mas-
sacre of her son, the wife of her husband, and
the orphaned children of their father. For every
life so sacrificed and dollar expended and debt
incurred do I hold those and their partisans re-
sponsible, who with brazen cheeks hurl these
epithets at us. I came here, sir, expecting, for a
time at least, to be a silent member doing my
duty in a quiet v/ny, as I have been doing so far.
But I will not sit still any longer and hear this
language repeated without retorting as I think it
deserves. I said I held the northern Demo-
crats responsible for all the horrors of the re-
bellion, and I repeat it. I do not say nor care
whether they cherished conscious treason in
their hearts or only the reckless passions of par-
tisan hate. "Their position in relation to the
contest was the same in either case, as I will
proceed to demonstrate.
Sir, men are moved to action by motives;
and no motive is strong enough to move them
at all that does not hol&out some hope of suc-
cess. Strike hope from the heart and you par-
alyze the arm. No enterprise can be com-
menced without there is some hope of carrying
it through, nor can it be continued when all
hope is taken away. Jeff. Davis and his co-
conspirators in the South would not, nay, they
could not, have struck the first blow but for
the hope they indulged of accomplishing their
fell purpose. But if the whole North had been
united in sustaining the Government, he could
not have had any hope of its overthrow. It
was simply from expectation of aid from the
northern wing of the party that made the first
blow a possibility. And were they not justified
in their expectations ?
Who had been the leaders of the party for
years'? Just the leaders of the rebellion, whom
gentlemen are clamoring to admit again to th«
vacant seats by their sides, that legislation may
be expedited by the bowTie-knife and the blud-
geon, as of old. Davis, Breckinridge, Stephens,
Mason, Slidell. Benjamin, Hunter, Wise, and
their like, ruled the party as they ruled their
slaves; and never slaves obeyed masters more
servilley, only these surpassed their masters in
the audacity of their abuse of Union men. Why;
every dirty paper and dirtier demagogue poured
out their tirades upon the friends of the Union
in terms in which falsehood and vulgarity strug-
gled for the preeminence. Abolitionists, Black
Kepublieans, fanatics, disunionists. amalgama-
tionists, woolly heads, nigger worshipers were
the gentlest terms employed, and these were
howled out as incessantly as dogs bay at the
full moon. Not one of them, from their Pres-
ident down, that did not threaten treason if
the people should elect Lincoln. I need not
repeat these threats. They are burned into the
memories of all loyal men. And if they be-
lieved one hundredth part of what they said it
was nothing but the sheerest cowardice that
prevented them from taking up arms with their
nobler brethren.
The rebels did look for the aid of northern
Democrats. They had a right to l&olt for it,
and they received it in every form in which it
could safely be given. And what was the posi-
tion of the party after the war began? Did
they give aid to the Government in the hour of
its mortal peril? Sir, instead, they pronounced
every measure of the Government unconstitu-
tional, every act of the Administration a usur-
pation, every movement of our troops an out-
rage upon the rights of the people. The soldiers
were denounced as Lincoln's hirelings, aboli-
tion cut-throats, fanatical murderers, fighting to
enslave the white man and elevate the negro.
Every falsehood that ingenuity could invent,
and every vulgar prejudice that malignity could
inflame were brought to bear against the Ad-
ministration to embarrass it in its efforts to save
the Union. Instead of flying to the insulted
standard of their country, they slunk into the
dark lodges of Knights of the Golden Cir-
cle, and binding themselves together by blas-
phemous oaths that linked them in fellowship
with their like in the South, plotted sedition
and planned conspiracies which gave courage
and hope and strength to the rebels. Who
dares to deny this? Sir, the South did rely
upon the Democratic party of the North, and
drew all the inspiration it ever had from that
source.
So went on the first years of the war of arms
in the South and of plottings in the North,
until another presidential election approached!
They were assured and believed that by the
party and the means. I have been describing,
Lincoln's reelection could be defeated; and,
if failing in that, his murder had been de-
creed. For that Booth planned the assassina-
tion no sane man believes. That it was the
crime of those whose madness had already
murdered a quarter of a million ot his coun-
trymen every sane man knows. And it was
only when the hope of his defeat at the elec-
tion and of anarchy on his assassination failed,
that the arm of the rebellion was unnerved and
the confederacy died. ,
I repeat, then, that I hold those responsible
who gave this hope and courage to the rebels.
Nay, I hold them responsible to-day for all the
scenes of outrage transpiring in the South, and
the difficulties in the way of reconstruction.
When the rebel armies weie crushed and all
hope was dead they would willingly have ac-
cepted conditions based upon justice and right,
and in time would have been content. But
here stood this same party still denouncing,
not the President now, but the Representatives
of the loyal people, and, with the ingenuity ot
fiends, induced the rebels to believe a most,
monstrous and preposterous lie. At least I
hope it is, for I am not willing to believe that
it can possibly be true! .
They tell these unrepentant rebels, whose
hands are yet red with blood of the assassinated
Lincoln, that the man whom that assassination
made Lincoln's successor is false to the loyal
and confiding people who clccted him, and has,
in heart, and intends, in act, to betray them!
I repeat, sir, I cannot believe there is any truth
in this representation. A treachery so base, a
betrayal so damning transcends my powers of
conception. They probably rely upon the sim-
ple fact that the President once belonged to their
party. Bat I am not prepared to admit that no
man can be trusted that ever did so. I am sure
we have many loyal Democrats in the great
Union party who did not enter it merely to
betray, and I am not prepared to exclude the
President from the honored number. But, un-
fortunately for the country, the southern rebels
do believe it.
And now, instead of accepting those terms
that would insure the peace and freedom of the
country and make their own States the garden
of the world, they arrogantly demand their own
terms, as if they were conquerors—terms that
sow the present thick with the seeds of another
rebellion. And I charge whatever of trouble
this new phase of affairs may bring upon the
country to the Opposition on this floor and the
partisans they lead. Sir, I consider this attempt
to damn the President to eternal infamy by their
championship a more cruel act than the mur-
der of his predecessor. That gave Lincoln's
name to immortality embalmed in a nation's
benedictions; this, if believed, gives the name
of his successor to immortality, too, but with a
nation's curses. And what made the outrage
more inexcusable was that it was supposed the
high position of the President would prevent
him from noticing the slander, and his con-
strained silence would be illogically construeS
into assent.
And now, sir, having paid my most respectful
compliments to the Opposition, I am brought
more directly to the policy of'' reconstruction.''
And if 1 am correct in my theory, then the fu-
ture as well as the past will be controlled by the
same necessary law of growth. We may amend
the Constitution and enact whole volumes of
laws, but they will not make us at once a homo-
geneous people. That, sir. must be the work
of time and causes lying back of these laws and
resolutions, and it is upon these causes which
operate as certain as the decrees of God that I
rely, and rely without doubting, for the solution
of our troubles. The interminable controversy
as to whether the rebel States are in the Union
or out of it, is, in my opinion, as perfectly im-
material as the arguments on the opposite sides,
however able, have been inconsequential and
unsatisfactory. And I shall not, Jilr. Speaker,
add to the "list of the unfortunates" byanother
attempt to settle a question which, however set-
tled, would still leave us just where we are.
Leaving that question to those who may still
