1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
choose it as the theme of their disquisitions, I
have simply to say that I have full faith that
the wisdom and patriotism of Congress, with or
without the aid of the President, will prove
adequate to carry through such amendments
and measures as will remove any fatal obstruc-
tions, and justify the early admission of Sena-
tors and Representatives from all the States
that will send such as are qualified to take their
seats, and that time and natural causes will
work out the desired result. Of that result I
have no fears at all. A time to try men's souls
may he, probably is, just before us. Darkness
and doubt may pervade the land for a time, but
it will only make the true truer, and bind in
closer bonds the friends of justice and right.
Treachery and disaffection may thin the ranks
of the friends of freedom, but cannot break the j
solidity of the phalanx. We may be called
to more earnest work, but working with the
movements of Providence, the workers become
omnipotent. Revolutions in that direction never
go backward. The revolution in public senti-
ment in the last twenty-five years has been so
rapid and so pronounced that to doubt the
future would be to ignore the past.
Sir, we are in the morning light of an age of
p'rogress such as the world neve& enjoyed be-
fore, and in a nation whose future glory and
grandeur it has never entered into the imagina-
tion of man to conceive. We took our place
in the family of nations but a single age ago.
We then numbered thirteen feeble States, im-
poverished by the long struggle for independ-
ence,with only three million people, and clogged
with the incubus of slavery. The country was
then chiefly a w.lderness. We had neither
manufactures nor commerce. Telegraph and
railroads were unknown and undreamed of.
Steam had not then come to the aid of muscle
in the production and transportation of wealth.
The arts and sciences were in their infancy
compared with what they are now, and we were
pressed down with an almost unbearable bur-
den of debt.
From that point we started in the race of
national development and progress. That prog-
ress is in my opinion but a faint prophecy of
the future. But the census shows that we have
doubled our population and far more than
doubled our wealth every twenty-five years.
AVe are to-day a mighty nation, with thirty-six
great States and territory enough for forty more,
and a population of thirty-five millions. The
arts and sciences have advanced more in their
practical application to the uses of life than in
all the centuries before. Popular education
and enlightenment has increased in a like ratio.
Our manufactories, weaving and forging to the
music of the water-wheel and the engine, rival
those of the oldest nations. Our merchant
princes compete successfully in all the marts of
the world, and make all nations tributary to us
by their commerce. Our machinery and im-
proved implements have multiplied our powers
of production more than a hundred-fold, so
that -Massachusetts alone has to-day the wealth-
producing power of more than a hundred mil-
lion laborers. Our broad land is checkered
with railroads, and our rivers and lakes are
covered with steamers. Our mountains are
pillared up with inexhaustible mineral wealth
waiting development. Our illimitable prairies
invite the toiling millions of the earth to build
their homes in their bosoms. Every variety of
soil and climate and our natural position com-
bine to make our country the Eden of the world.
And 0. thank God! the shackles have been
stricken from the limbs of the slave, and we
have become the land of the free forevermore!
And now. sir, at this commencement of our
regenerated life, and standing on this out-look,
the panorama unrolls a scene of glory and
grandeur, more sublime and inspiring than
ever prophet saw in the moment of his most en-
raptured vision. From the happy homes of mil-
lions of emigrants letters are wafted from day
to clay to the less happy homes of the millions
of their friends in their fatherlands. As these
letters are read, the wondrous story of the suc-
cess of the writers thrills every heart. As they
thus learn that here is a land where aristocracy |
is'unknown and worth alone ennobles ; where
all men are free ; where labor is adequately re-
warded and the laborer respected ; where the
child of the emigrant is welcomed to the school
and his father to the ballot: where the son of
the humblest toiler may look forward to the
attainment of any position, the attraction will
become irresistible, and where one has come
to us in the past a hundred will come in the
future. From the mines and factories and
forges of England they will come to mine and
weave and forge here. From the oppressed
but over-green island they will come to build
our future railroads and our expanding cities.
From the sunny plains and vine-covered hills
of Italy and France and Germany they will
come to cover our hills with vines and our plains
with culture. And with this stream of glorious
workers will mingle the universal Yankee, and
the two millions of our more glorious soldiers,
made nobler and better by the toils they have
endured and the patriotism that inspired the
endurance, and this mighty tide, resistless and
ever-increasing in volume, will roll to the South
now as well as to the West, reconstructing
as they go.
Sir, to-day a child will be born into this na-
tion of thirty-five million people. When he
casts his first ballot he will have stepped into
his young manhood in the same nation num-
bering seventy millions. At forty-five he will
be carving his fortune in the midst of the same
nation, numbering one hundred and forty mil-
lions. At sixty-live, with the well-preserved
powers of many of our members, he will take
the place of one of us in this Hall, one of the
honored Representatives of two hundred and
eighty million people! Yes, sir, one of our
pages of to-day may live to be a Representative
in this House when our people shall equal one
quarter of the present population of the world!
And where will these swarming, busy-working
millions build their homes'' Ah. sir, the sacred
soil of even old Virginia, as well as the other
States, will be invaded, not. indeed, with hate
and sectional animosity, but carrying with them
the blessings and institutions of civilization—
not to destroy, but to rebuild. The waste places
will be restored. In all the South the land that
slavery has cursed will be reclaimed and made
to bloom as a garden. Forests every wh ere will
disappear; swamps will be drained; the banks
of rivers will be walled in ; hill-sides and mount-
ain precipices will be terraced to their sum-
mits ; the Atlantic and Pacific will be tied to-
gether with bands of iron, and Europe and Asia
will be our daily guests as they pass each other
on our great railroads which are to be the high-
ways of all nations. All laws founded upon
caste will be repealed. All races and all sexes
will be enfranchised. Man in his strength, and
woman in her purity, stepping side by side to
the ballot-box, will redeem politics 'from the
stigma of coarseness. Statesmen will take the
place of demagogues in the canvass, and the
people will demand that their reason shall be
addressed instead of their prejudices. Educa-
tion will keep pace with our material denelop-
ment, and religion, purified from superstition,
will give its benediction. The prejudices of
to-day will die out, and truth and justice re-
sume the scats so long usurped by error and
wrong.
Our neighbors on the north, by an irresisti-
ble attraction, will ask to join their destiny with
ours, and with the consent of England, which
will not be withheld, we will bid them welcome.
And our other neighbors on the south, wearied
with an age of internal strife, will silence their
factions and come to us to find peace under our
flag, and we -n ill bid them welcome. And that
banner of beauty and glory that floats over your
seat, with its galaxy increased to a hundred
stars—the emblem of resistless power, and car-
rying in its folds freedom, justice, and protection
to all—will wave over a reconstructed country
without a traitor, embracing the continent with-
out a slave.
Mr. BE A MAN. Mr. Speaker, in the adop-
tion of ordinances of secession, and in the for-
mation of a pretended confederacy with preten-
sions to sovereignty—steps preliminary to the
war—the seceding States contemplated a final
separation; and during the consequent hos-
tilities the rebels rejected all terms of arrange-
ment and composition and all suggestions for
peace not based upon an acknowledgment of
their independence. They ridiculed the propo-
sition to conquer and reduce them to obedience
to the Constitntion and laws, and in this they
were countenanced by the Democratic party.
Many of the members of that party declared
the Union already destroyed. Though hostile
armies had been raised, and the forts and other
property of the United States were about to be
seized, James Buchanan, then occupying the
executive chair, in his annual message to Con-
gress, in December, denied the right ''to coeree
a State into submission which is attempting to
withdraw or has actually withdrawn from the
Confederacy and on a later day another dis-
tinguished Democrat, who afterward, pending
the struggle of arms, became the candidate of
*his party for the second office in the gift of the
' people, "would signalize their (the rebels) de-
parture by tokens of love," and "would bid
them farewell so tenderly that they would for-
ever be touched by the recollection of it."
Prominent leaders of that party shamelessly
proclaimed the inability of the Government to
repress the rebellion, and not a few admitted
that the wish was father to the thought. Dur-
ing the entire war Democratic members of this
House voted against laws for arming the coun-
try and against appropriations necessary for
carrying on the Government. These gentle-
men, notwithstanding the fact that the rebels
had commenced hostilities, denounced the
prosecution of the war on our part as unneces-
sary, cruel, and unchristian. They anathema-
tized our late martyred President as a despot
and usurper. They applied the most oppro-
brious epithets to our present Chief Magis-
trate ; and they neglected no opportunity to
attempt to make the great Union paily, which
was struggling to preserve the nation, odious
in their own country and infamous abroad.
Yet, during all that terrible struggle the Union
party, composed of Republicans and loyal Dem-
ocrats, sought only the salvation of the coun-
try : and they exhibited a degree of firmness,
constancy, courage, and energy that astonished
the world. Their unchangeable purpose was
the preservation of the Government and the
enforcement of the laws. Their constant motto
was,'' The Union, it must.it shall be preserved.''
They struggled against southern traitors and
northern sympathizers, and they risked all in
the defense of their country. Finally, victory
crowncd tlieir efforts. That monstrous and un-
natural rebellion has been repressed, the rebels
have been disarmed, and the prophecies, not
to say wishes, of their sympathizers have proved
to be futile.
I have referred to these facts, familiar to us
all, in order that we may take a correct survey
of the present field of action. What now is
the proposition? Why, it is to admit without
delay these traitors direct from the field of bat-
tle, with fresh blood upon tlieir haiuls; with the
odor ofFloi enceaiid Andersonvilleprisons upon
their garments: with the anathemas of dying
Union men, women, and children upon their
heads: with unrepented treason in their hearts,
and words of disloyalty on their lips; with per-
jury on their souls, and with immortal hate and
bitterness toward the Government, to repre-
sentation in these Halls, where they may at-
I tempt to accomplish by political skill and dark
intrigue what they failed to do by the sword.
Sir, when we look back upon upon those five
long vears of horror, of carnage, and of death;
and when, casting our eyes over the country,
we see half a million fresh graves, the legit-
imate fruit of treason and rebellion, watered
by the tears of a proportionate number of wid-
ows and orphans: and when we remember that,
true to their proclaimed determination, the
rebels literally resisted until they reached the
last diteh, some of us are startled at the bold-
ness, if not recklessness, of this proposition,
