1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2935
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, remonstrating against the passage of the
bankrupt bill lately passed by the House of
Representatives, as such a bill, in the opinion
of the petitioners, if passed into a law will be
highly detrimental to the interests of the peo-
ple of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. II OWE. I present a memorial very
largely signed by citizens and corporators _ of
Georgetown, in this District, remonstrating
against the passage of "A bill in addition to
the several acts establishing the temporary and
permanent seat of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and to resume the legislative pow-
ers delegated to the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and the levy court of the District
of Columbia." I believe that bill has been
reported; I move, therefore, that the memo-
rial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a memorial of
the executive board of the Western Frecdmen's
Aid Commission, praying for an appropriation
to aid in the construction of school-houses, &e.,
for the education of the freedmen. As this
subject is now pending in the Committee on
Finance, I move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the memorial of
William J. Sibley and others, trustees for a
certain lot in square seventy, in the city of
Washington, conveyed to them by J. H. Mc-
Blair, for the purpose^ of erecting thereon a
house of worship, praying for the passage of
an act authorizing them to sell the same and
invest the proceeds in the improvement of their
present- place of worship ; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARRIS. I present the petition of
the Commercial Navigation Company of the
State of New York, a corporation chartered
by special law of that, State, praying for the
passage of an act to provide for the conveyance
of foreign and European mails to the United
States of America between New York and
Liverpool, touching at Queenstown, by steam-
ships constructed, owned, and _officered by
American citizens. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Varnum, R. H. Ray, and others, praying
that Congress will promptly pass such a tariff
as will protect national industry, replenish the
national Treasury, and develop our vast national
resources ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition numer-
ously signed by citizens of Massachusetts m
which they ask Congress to enact the following:
Itfmlvd, That throughout the United States and
its Territories the right of suffrage and all.other
equalities and humanities shall henceforth be ex-
tended alike to those of all races and complexions;
or denied only to those who would usurp the rights
and liberties of others.
As this subject is now under discussion. I
move that this petition lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Myles Doran, of the fourteenth regiment Mich-
igan volunteers, praying that he may be allowed
the pay and allowances of a second lieutenant
from the 3d day of February, 1865, to the 18th
day of July, 1865-; which was referred to _ the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 273) to authorize the President
to convey to William P. Rogers and his asso-
ciates the island of Yerba Buena, or Goat
Island, in the harbor of San Francisco, have
directed me to_ report adversely thereon. I
move its indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 287) to provide for the
construction of a wagon road from Boise City,
in the Territory of Idaho, to Snsanville, in
California, reported it without amendment.
PATENT EXAMINERS.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to report, from
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
a bill (S. No. 350) to authorize the Commis-
sioner of Patents to pay those employed as
examiners and assistant examiners the salary
fixed by law for the duties performed by them ;
and I ask that it be put on its passage. I_do
not know that it will lead to any debate or diffi-
culty. It is a matter of some consequence to
those concerned.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Commis-
sioner of Patents to pay those employed in the
Patent Office from April 1, 18G1, until August
1, 18G5, as examiners and assistant examiners
of patents, at the rates fixed by law for those
respective grades. The money is to bo paid
out of the Patent Office fund, and the com-
pensation thus paid is not to exceed that re-
ceived by those duly enrolled as examiners and
assistant examiners of patents for the same
period.
Mr. COWAN. I have simply a word to say
by way of explanation of the bill. It appears
that in 1861 tbe Commissioner of Patents found
it necessary, asbe supposed, to reduce the salary
of the examiners and the assistant examiners,
owing to the pressure upon the funds of the
Department at that time. Those funds, how-
ever, liava now accumulated, owing to the
increased business of the office, and I think he
has perhaps $75,000 of a surplus on hand.
Mr. WILSON. Over $ltA>,000.
Mr. COWAN. Perhaps it may be. I under-
stood it was $75,000. It is now proposed to
pay the examiners and assistant examiners the
salaries which had been before fixed by law to
be paid them, and that the amount be paid out
of this fund. I think it is eminently just.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does it increase the sal-
aries?
Mr. COWAN. Their salaries were reduced
in 18G1, and they are now to be paid the sum
they would have got if there fiad been no
reduction.
Mr. SHERMAN. Docs it go back?
Mr. COWAN. It goes back to 1801. I
think it is eminently just and proper, and the
committee were of that opinion and reported
this bill, and I hope there will be no objection
to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
RAILROADS TO THE WEST.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a memorial of
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
for the enactment of a law authorizing the
Cleveland and Mahoning Railroad Company
to extend its road from the west line of the
State of Pennsylvania to the city of Pittsburg,
have directed me to report it back and ask to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and to move its reference to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, who have now the charge
of that subject.
Mr. COWAN. I think that is a very singu-
lar reference—to refer a railroad matter to the
Committee on Foreign Relations 1 I am afraid
my friend from Michigan is jesting.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am merely following
the precedent set by the Senate on Thursday
last.
Mr. COWAN. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations desires to take
cognizance of such things, though utterly for-
eign to the institution itself, I have no objec-
tion, of course.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware of the sub-
ject to which the Senator refers. I did not
hear the motion of the Senator from Michi-
gan.
Mr. COWAN. It was to refer a matter rel-
ative to the construction of a railroad from
the Cleveland and Mahoning railroad to the
city of Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I must protest against that
being referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I think it would be a great enlarge-
ment and expansion of the jurisdiction of that
committee.
Mr. COWAN. I move that the memorial
be laid upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. These railroad matters
ought to be referred to some committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. A bill from the House
of Representatives on this very subject was last
week referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and I supposed that in making this
motion I was simply following that precedent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion now is that this memorial be laid on the
table. That motion is not debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the other bills were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ That mo-
tion is not now in order, the pending motion
being to lay this memorial on the table, and
that motion is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to reconsider
the reference of these railroad bills to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. What were the bills?
Mr. SHERMAN. The two bills which passed
the House of Representatives providing for the
construction of railroads, and which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. Railroads between what
points?
Mr. SHERMAN. One bill was for a rail-
road between Pittsburg and Cleveland, and
the other to secure railroad communication
between here and Pittsburg and the Northwest.
They were probably referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations under a misapprehension.
I movctoreconsider that reference, so that they
may go to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion now is to reconsider tbe vote of the Sen-
ate by which the bill (H. R. No. 527) to<pro-
mote the construction of a line of railroads
between the city of Washington and the North-
west for national purposes, and the bill (H._R.
No. 537) to promote tiie construction of a line
of railroad from Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, to
Cleveland, in Ohio, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The Chair will
put the question on both bills together if there
be no objection.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that those
two bills be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER R. L. LAW.
Mr." HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Lieutenant Commander Richard L.
Law, praying to be restored to the active list
of his rank, have directed a resolution _ to be
reported for his relief, and as^ it is a formal
matter, I ask for its consideration now.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander Richard
L. Law, United States Navy, to the active list
from the reserved list was read twice, and by
unanimous consent considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
President to nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate to appoint,
Lieutenant Commander Richard L. Law to the
active list of the Navy.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The chairman of the
