1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3895
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to postpone the farther
consideration of the joint resolution until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
FUNDING OF THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 800.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 300) to reduce
the'rate of interest on the national debt and for
funding the same, the pending question being
on the amendment offered by Mr. Van Winkle,
to strike out all of the third section after the
word "least," in the seventh line, and to insert
the following:
Ninety million dollars, including the saving of in-
terest aforesaid, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, shall be semi-annually
applied to the payment of the interest as it accrues,
and the reduction of the principal of the said debt,
by the purchase or redemption of the said bonds at
not exceeding their par value, unless a greater rate
is hereafter authorized by law.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I withdraw that amend-
ment to enable the Senator from. Ohio to offer
some amendments which he has prepared.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to propose certain
amendments which have the unanimous sanc-
tion, I believe, of the Committee on Finance,
so as to make this bill ex-press their unanimous
sentiments. I move to strike out the third sec-
tion of the bill and to insert in lieu thereof:
That in lieu of the sinking fund contemplated by
the fifth section of the act entitled "An act to author-
ize the issue of United Statesnotesandforthercpay-
ment or funding thereof, and for funding the float-
ing deht, of the United States," approved February
25,1862. thero shall he annually applied to the pay-
ment of the principal and interest of the public debt
the sum of $180,000,000, -which sum is hereby appro-
priated for that purpose out of any monoynot other-
wise appropriated; andso much of said sum as is not
required to pay the accruing interest on said debt
shall be applied to the purchase or payment of such
of the public debt as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall from time to time direct.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear that
amendment reported again.
Mr. SHERMAN. Probably I can explain
the matter more briefly to the Senator than by
having it read. The law of 1862 provides for
a sinking fund of one per cent, on the amount
of the principal of the debt, the interest on
which is computed in round numbers at $150,-
000,000. In order to simplify the whole sys-
tem, this proposition proposes to appropriate
$180,000,000 for the payment of the interest
and principal of the public debt. It is a differ-
ent form of sinking fund. That is the only
material difference. It is an appropriation of
a specific sum to be applied annually to the
payment of the interest and principal of the
public debt. A sufficient amount of it, as a
matter of course, is to bo applied to the pay-
ment of the interest, and the balance to the
payment of the principal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose the following
amendment to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enucfcl. That all money received
into the Treasury of the United States for duties on
imported goods shall be specially set apart and ap-
plied to the purposes following, to wit: first, to the
payment of so much of the interest of thepublicdcbt
as is payable in coin: second, to the payment as it
matures of the principal of the public debt; third,
to the payment of such appropriation by Congress
as are required to be paid in coin : when the amount
of coin in the Tieasury exceeds $50,000,000 the excess
shall be sold ill open maiket in the city of New York
for United Stales notes, under rules to be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and the notes re-
ceived therefor shall be canceled.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In section four, line
seven, I move to strike out the word "six"
and insert " four," so that the notice required
for the conversion of the outstanding seven-
thirty notes shall be four months instead of six
months.
The amendment/ was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to strike out
the first and seconl sections of the hill, which
provide for a new oan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer another amend- .
ment, to insert this as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
1st day of January, 1807, the lawful money required
to bo held on hand by the national banking associa-
tions under the thirty'first section of the act entUled
"An act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provido for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved June
3, 1864, shall not consist in whole or in part of inter-
est-bearing notes or bonds.
I will now state, so that the Senate may un-
derstand it distinctly, the effect of these amend-
ments, for this is the last of them. The first
and second sections of the bill, as originally
reported, contained an authority to issue a new
five per cent, loan, to be sold at not less than
par, upon certain conditions and stipulations.
As this gave rise to controversy and debate,
not only in the committee, but in the Senate,
and as it was believed that the Secretary of
the Treasury had power sufficient at least to
get along under the act that we passed in March
last, the first and second sections are stricken
out. Probably at the next session I may seek
to confine the Secretary of the Treasury to a
simple loan at five per cent.; but at present we
leave him to the law as it was passed in the
spring.
The third section provided for the funding.
That has been somewhat changed by an amend-
ment already adopted.  
The fourth section provided for the outstand-
ing seven-thirty Treasury notes due next year
and the year following, and required the notice
to be given of the exercise of the option con-
tained m those Treasury notes. The term of
the notice is now four months instead of six
months.
The amendment now pending is an impor-
tant one. and the Senate should be aware of
its nature before it is acted upon. Under the
present law, I think erroneously, they have got
in the habit of regarding the compound-inter-
est notes as a part of the reserve fund which
the banks are required to hold on hand to re-
deem the national bank notes; and these com-
pound-interest notes have been held as a re-
serve, instead of the United States notes. The
law—and I think upon that wo agree—contem-
plated that nothing but United States notes and
coin should bo held as the reserve. That was
the opinion of the Finance Committee; and I
think it is the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury. At any rate, a different construction
has been acted upon by the Comptroller of the
Currency from time to time ; and the Secretary,
although desirous of making the change, does
not feel that he would be justified in making a
change now by mere construction, and there-
fore submits it to Congress. The effect of this
amendment will be, that after the 1st of Janu-
ary next compound-interest notes cannot be
held by the national banks as a part of their
reserve, but they will be compelled to dispose
of those now held by them between this and
the 1st of January, and keep in place of them
U nited States notes. The tendency will be to
reduce or retire from circulation so many Uni-
ted State? notes as will be required to be held
by the banks for their reserve.
Another amendment authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell in open market
gold in excess of fifty millions, with a view to
be applied to a reduction of United States
notes. That amendment has already been
adopted, and it is not necessary for me to state
anything further than that the effect will be
to avoid all the controversy about the sale of
gold in the market, about which there has
I been a good deal of controversy.
Mr. JOHNSON, Has that been submitted
to the Secretary?
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment has been
submitted to the Secretary and meets his ap-
proval. By it he is bound to keep gold in the
Treasury until it amounts to fifty millions. He
is bound to apply the gold in the Treasury, first,
to the payment of the interest of the debt as
it matures, payable in coin: then to the pay-
ment of such appropriations as shall be made
in coin: and then to the payment of the prin-
cipal of the national debt as it matures; and
when the amount of gold exceeds $50,000,000,
he is bound to sell it in open market in the city
ot New York, and apply the excess to the re-
demption of outstanding United States notes
and to cancel those notes. The effect will be
that if the amount of gold is very largely in-
creased in the Treasury he will apply the excess
to the redaction of the currency, and conse-
quently to the contraction of the currency. I
think this is the only explanation r'«cessary >n
regard to this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, WILSON. The bill has been so much
changed that I should like to hear it read as it
now stands.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have it printed.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow, and that the bill, as amended, be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
that if anybody wants it done. It will be ne-
cessary to pass this bill to-morrow, if it is to
be passed at all, and I give notice that I shall
call it up to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF OFFICERS OF SKNATJ2.
Mr. "WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 411.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 411) fixing the compensation of officers,
clerks, messengers, and others in the service
of the Senate, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill, in
section one, line twelve, by striking out the
word "eight" and inserting the word "nine;"
so that it will read, " nine clerks in the office
of the Secretary of the Senate, $2,500 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move farther to amend the
bill in section one, line eighteen, by striking
out ''five hundred" and inserting "one thou-
sand r' so that the clause will read, "page in
stationery room, $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. In section one; lines eighteen
and nineteen, I move to strike out the words
" $2 50 per day" and to insert " §1,000 so
that it will read, "page in Secretary's office,
$1,000."
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not like to object,
but $1,000 for a page is pretty high wages, it
seems to me.
Mr. WADE. These are permanent pages,
who receive about that sum now per day.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, the committee
were instructed by the resolution under which
they acted not to fix, nor to endeavor to fix,
properly what should be the pay of these em-
ployes, "but to equalize the sums received by
the officers of the House and of the Senate for
corresponding labor as nearly as we could come
at it; and we have proceeded to do so. I do
not know whether they rcccive too much or
too little, for we did not take that into consid-
eration. Wre did not suppose that we were au-
thorized to do that under the resolution, which
instructed us to make the salaries of the Sen-
ate employes as nearly equal as we eouldwith
the salaries of the employes of the House of
Representatives. The House, by a resolution,
some time ago, increased the salaries of all
their officers receiving less than $1,200 by
twenty-five per cent. We uid not undertake
to equalize the salaries here with that increased
amount; but if the Senate should think that
ought to be done, then, of course, it will be
easy to fix it, because wo have the certificate
of the Clerk of the House showing what their
employes received before and what this in-
| crease" will make them. This bill, however, is
drawn upon the higher rate, upon the increased
compensation that the House has already be-
I stowed upon their employes by a resolution.
