1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
As I said before, this is one of the difficulties
we have to encounter to know what they do
get. Where the officer gets pay, commutation,
and allowances, the first lieutenant of cavalry,
for instance, in this city, gets $2,088 41 a year.
The allowance for fuel is $198, and for quar-
ters §432, and if that be taken off, it still leaves
the amount more than $1,200.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. In Washington city
the allowance for these items is about double
what it is elsewhere.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faunswokth] thinks $1,200 is
enough, I am not desirous of disputing the mat-
ter with him, but will leave it to the House.
Only I say that the present compensation is
insufficient, and that if we appoint men fit for
the places we must give them more than they
are now receiving.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee a question, and it is a ques-
tion which I wish at this time to submit to that
committee, who are presenting to w an entirely
new bill for the organization of the Army.
I would inquire whether it is not desirable,
in framing such a bill as this, to change the
whole system of compensation, doing away with
the complicated machinery of allowances and
rations. I would like to know of the chairman
of the committee, or of some one competent
to answer it, whether it is not possible to frame
a bill which shall dispense entirely with this
Complicated system of compensation.
Mr. SCHENCK. In reply to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] I will say that
in my view just such legislation is needed. And
it is in consequence of tliat conviction that I
have reported, witli the authority of the Military
Committee to back me, a bill to fix the com-
pensation of the officers of the Army in an
intelligible shape, and that bill he will find on
his file.
After we get through this bill it may perhaps
not be impolitic to move that bill as an adden-
dum, so as to include all in one bill. This bill
rtiight be modified by striking out the words
"emoluments and allowances" wherever they
occur. I have not thought it advisable, how-
ever, to bring it before the House for it will be
hard enough against the i«fluences surrounding
us to fight through either one of these bills, I
think. And I know that we shall have to rally
with all the strength we can, those of us who
think as I do, and as I am glad to see the gen-
tleman does, on the subject of compensation,
before we can get any biil of this kind through
the House against outside influence and Army
influence.
I make this reply merely 1b satisfy the gen-
tleman that that subject has not passed un-
noticed, and that there is a bill to accomplish the
very object the gentleman desires now on file.
The amendment of Mr. Farnsworth, to
strike out $125 and insert $100, was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would inquire if it be in
order to move to go back to section two for
the purpose of amending it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear what the gen-
tleman proposes.
Mr. TAYLOR. I propose to amend by
inserting in section two, after the word " artil-
lery," the following:
That there shall be appointed a chief of artillery
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier
general, who shall have charge, under the direction
of the War Department, of all matters pertaining
to the artillery arm ot the service.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to going back for
the purpose of allowing that amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would inquire if it will
be in order at any stage of the bill to intro-
duce this amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
not. at the present moment prepared to answer
that question.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will withdraw it, and
move hereafter to add it as a new section,
That I am told I can do.
Mr. ROSS. I move that this bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with instructions to remodel and reform the bill
so as to reduce the Army to a number not ex-
ceeding forty thousand men.
Mr. Speaker, I do not profess to be well
versed in military affairs. But I have been
unable to see the necessity of so large a stand-
ing army as that provided by the bill reported
by the committee. It is very expensive to main-
tain so large an army in the field. And I do
not regard such an army as being in conso-
nance with the theory of our institutions. Our
dependence for defense is not upon a standing
army. Tn case of an invasion of our country,
or any infraction of our rights, our reliance has
always been upon the volunteers who respond
promptly to the call of the Government for the
purpose of repelling invasion and maintaining
our rights.
I have not heard from any gentleman the
necessity for fastening upon a people already
burdened and borne down by the weight of tax-
ation the enormous expense of a large standing
army. I would be glad if some member of the
Military Committee, or some other member of
the House who may be conversant %ith the
subject, would inform us as to the expense of
keeping a regiment in the field. I know that
last year there was testimony taken before the
Committee on Territories in relation to the
expense of keeping a regiment of cavalry in the
Indian country. And military men testified
before that committee that the entire expense
of keeping a regiment of cavalry in service in
that country was $2,000,000 per annum., Of
course it would not be so expensive to maintain
a regiment in other parts of the country.
Sir, I cannot give my consent to burden the
people of this country with furthertaxationfor
this purpose, unless there is more apparent
necessity for it than any which I have been able
to discover, and therefore I have moved, and I
trust such may be the opinion of this House,
that this bill be recommitted with instructions
to remodel and refashion its provisions in
accordance with what I have suggested.*
I have no disposition to protract debate upon
this question. I desired merely to express my
opinion upon the subject. And I shall be glad,
if a sufficient number shall coincide with me,
to be permitted to record our votes in favor of
an Army of not exceeding forty thousand men
in time of peace.
Mr. ROGERS. I have not hitherto partici-
pated in any manner in the debate on this bill.
But I have been unable, by any examination I
can give it, to see what necessity there is at this
time for any such law^ at all as this. 1 have
had no satisfactory reason shown to me that
there is any insufficiency in the Army as now
organized, and as it has been organized since
the foundation of the Government, under the
old system and by virtue of the principles upon
which it has been organized.
I entirely agree with the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ross] as to the impro-
priety at this time of keeping a large standing
army. It was the wisdom of our fathers, and
they gave it out to their children as a settled
axiom in American history, that large standing
armies in time of peace were not only danger-
ous to liberty, but they involved the country in
heavy and enormous expenses. And during
the whole period of our political and national
history, from the first formation of the Army
of this country down to this time. I believe at
no time, when the country was not involved in
war, have we had an Army to exceed the max-
imum of twenty-fiv e or thirty thousand men.
Now, after we have gone through this rebel-
lion, and marshaled armies more gigantic and
enormous, perhaps, than any that ever were
marshaled upon the fields of this country, and
I might say upon any other since civilization
began, what necessity is there to change the
organization of the Army which existed during
all that period. When the first tocsin of war
was sounded, we found men so ready through
our volunteer system that it was but a short
time before we had a million men in the field,
able to put down the most gigantic rebellion
that ever raised its hydra head upon any con-
tinent, and to subdue any army ever marshaled
on earth.
Sir, when this war began, a proclamation
was issued by President Lincoln, calling for
seventy-five thousalid men, for the purpose of
putting down the rebellion, thus illustrating
the esteem and consideration with which the
people of this country have regarded small
standing armies. It had long been settled in
the minds of the people that a large standing
army was not necessary; and although when
that call was made the "regular Army of our
nation numbered only fifteen or twenty thous-
and men, the hills and the valleys poured out
like water men who were ready at a moment's -
call to march forth in defense of their country's
cause, and assist in putting down the fearful
rebellion which has so recently closed.
Sir, I am satisfied from the experience of
the country during the last seventy-five years
that there never was a time i  our history when
the situation of this country required a smaller
army than is neccssary at the present time.
There is no danger of any more civil com-
motions ; there is no danger of any further
rebellion. The power of the Government has
been maintained. Our Government has shown
itself to be formidable and omnipotent. It •
has demonstrated that it is abundantly able
to put down any rebellion. It has shown itself
strong enough to cope successfully with any
army which may be raised against it, whether
marshaled in this country or any other.
Sir, an army of such numbers as we had
before the rebellion will be sufficient hereafter
for all practical purposes. There is no neces-
sity that, at a time when the people are alre'ady
groaning under the onerous burden of taxa-
tion, they should be subjected to still heavier
burdens to support in time of peace an army
of seventy-five or eighty thousand men. Sir,
as soon as you adopt the doctrines of the mon-
archists of the Old World and establish in this
country the system of maintaining a large
standing army in time of peace, that very
moment you menace liberty and destroy one
of the foundation principles of our republican
institutions.
In reference to this question of a standing
army, I am willing to stand by the doctrines
of Washington and Jefferson and Madison,
and the other founders of our Government,
who have bequeathed to us the principle that
standing armies in times of peace are danger-
ous to republican institutions. A republican
Government must rest for its foundation upon
the consent and affection of the people. Their
patriotism must be relied upon as its sure de-
fense in the hour of peril. Large standing
armies are simply a menace to popular liberty.
Mr. GRIN iS ELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me one moment for a question?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. How large does the gen-
tleman understand the Army to be now, and to
what number would he have it reduced ?
Mr. ROGERS. I do not know how large
the Army is now. I am not prepared to say.
I am not very well versed in military affairs.
But I am prepared to say that I am for redu-
cing the Army to as low a standard as is con-
sistent with the preservation of the peace of
the country—as low a standard as has been
necessary at any time within the last twenty-
five years.
Mr. GRINNELL. How low?
Mr. ROGERS. Fifteen or twenty thousand.
Forty thonsand as proposed bv the gentleman
from" Illinois [Mr. Iloss] would bo a very lib-
eral allowance indeed, and would certainly be
as large an army as the tax-burdened people
of this country should be called on to maintain
in time of peace. Such is the patriotism and
courage of our people that they can always be
relied on to come forward as volunteers m
overwhelming numbers to vanquish any foe,
whether from without or within, and to main-
tain the honor and integrity of the country.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to inquire of the
