1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
gentleman whether he would, in this or any
future emergency, enlist the Fenians.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not know whether we
can enlist the Fenians. Ithink that the Fenians
are able to take care of themselves. I suppose
that the gentleman, if he has any love of lib-
erty, will, in common with all other men who
rejoice to see republics established everywhere,
give his sympathy and aid to the Fenians in
their effort to throw off the yoke of tyranny
with which England has oppressed the Irish
people for the last seven hundred years.
I suppose the gentleman has not yet forgot-
ten we were once under the tyranny and bond-
age of England. I hope he has not forgotten
we spurned the right of taxation assumed by
Great Britain, that wc proclaimed our inde-
pendence, that our forefathers spilled their blood
in defense of their freedom; and I trust that
gentlemen will now sympathize with the down-
trodden people of Ireland who are making the
same effort to relieve themselves from the same
despotism of England.
But, sir, this country is not England. It is
a republic. It is one which exists in the sym-
pathy and love of the people. It is bound
together by the iron bands of affection, which
can never be broken or rent asunder. There
is no necessity, therefore, existing in this free
country to keep officers in pay at thousands of
dollars a year, who have nothing to do in a
time of peace except to lounge about the
country.
Why, Mr. Speaker, our taxes are now bur-
dening us down. We have a national debt of
$3,000,000,000. That is exclusive of the debts
of the States, of perhaps §1,000,000,000 more.
It is the bounden duty of the people to pay
every dollar of that debt. Let us keep our
faith and obligation with the people with whom
we contracted this debt. Let us bend our en-
ergies in such way that the resources of the
country will come under our command freely,
from the hearts of the people, without resist-
ance on their part or oppression on ours. And
it is mainly on the ground that this adds enor-
mously to eur expenses that I am opposed to it.
The idea of allowing it to be in the power
of any person who may be at the head of our
military establishment, or of the President of
the United States, a corrupt or ambitious man
if you please, to control so vast a standing army,
is radically wrong. He may use it to control
the affairs of the Government and to accom-
plish the objects of his personal ambition like
some of the leaders in ancient Rome and else-
where. It is dangerous to the liberties of the
people. It is introducing an element into the
Government which in the end will prostrate the
best interests of the whole country.
There is no necessity for it. No gentleman,
so far as I have heard, has been able to show
any necessity for an increase of our standing
Army.
Let me say there never were better rules
and regulations established for the army of any
country than those established by our fathers
for the Army of this country. That Army
has been marshaled and successfully sustained
and upheld under those rules and regulations.
Those regulations have been accorded by the
people of the old continent in reference to mili-
tary government to be as perfect in theory
and application as those of any country in the
world.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's lime has expired.
Mi\ BLAINE. I beg the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw his proposition. When
this bill was reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs and taken up for consideration
it was agreed that we should go through it sec-
tion by section, giving a liberal allowance of
fifteen minutes to each member for debate, so
that the measure could be perfected. Propo-
sitions like the one now pending interjected in
this way will, of course, only give rise to this
sloshy-washy debate. I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his proposition.
Mr. ROSS. I regret I cannot comply with
the gentleman's request.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is
exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the [motion to recommit.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
sixteen, noes not counted.
Mr. ROSS demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
seventeen, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tellers are
not ordered, and the yeas and nays are not
ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
I understand when one side of the House is
counted we have a right to have the other side
counted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois demanded the yeas and nays
and tellers on the yeas and nays, but on a
division there were not enough to order either
the tellers or the yeas and nays.
The motion to recommit was disagreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. Imovetoa^iend by adding
a provision that the Army at no time shall ex-
ceed thirty thousand men; and I move that
amendment for the purpose of occupying the
attention of the House for about three minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order,
that -the provision that the Army at no time
shall exceed thirty thousand men has nothing
to do with this section. I not only make the
point, of order, but I appeal 
Mt. ROGERS. The gentleman will not find
fault with me if he will permit me to go on.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, we will have the
same old speech over again. [Great laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. ROGERS. I offer this amendment more
for the purpose of vindicating myself, than any-
thing else, from the malicious assaults which
the honorable gentleman from the State of
Maine [Mr. Blaise] has made it his business
to make upon me every time I have got up to
say an} thing in this House. I suppose that he
knows very well tliatduring the remarks which
I made on the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois I confined myself strictly
to the question before the House. This House
will bear me witness in saying that in no argu-
ments which I make before this House do I
digress from the subject under debate, and that
I always confine myself strictly to the subject
before the House. I make no gen?ral speeches;
no Saturday speeches. I mean no disrespect
to anybody else, but I think I ought to be
treated with common respect, at least, by the
gentleman from Maine when T get up to address
the House.
When my resolutions, over which I had no
control, -came up a week or two since, I had
the floor, and the Speaker of the House told
the House the reasons why I was entitled to
the floor, and because I would not yield the
right which I then had the gentleman from
Maine got up and abused me and treated me
. in a most shameful and indecorous manner ;
in such a manner as I would treat no member
either on this side of the House or on the other.
The House will bear me witness of the truth
that I always treated gentlemen upon all sides
of this House with the utmost courtesy. No-
body has known me to get up and browbeat
and abuse any member because he did not
agree with me. God made us so that our
natures are different, and we arrive at different
conclusions, and I think it is most contempti-
ble and indiscreet work on the part of the gen-
tleman, when I undertake to discuss any sub-
ject, to attempt to browbeat me and insult me.
In what I have said I have no ill-feeling toward
the gentleman at all. I hold him in high
respect. I believe him to be a gentleman, and
shall always treat him with courtesy. All that
I ask of him is that he shall treat me in the
same Way. He is a member on the other side
of the HousBj and he is only entitled to the
same rights that I am. When he speaks on
any question he never finds me slurring him
for what he says. Although I may not say
what will suit the other side of the House, I
speak the honest dictates of an honest heart
and the views I entertain, and I do not like to •
be abused for my honest convictions by any
gentleman upon the other side of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from New
Jersey says that I have taken occasion when-
ever he has spoken to say something indeco-
rous or unbecoming. Yet he cites only two
occasions in which 1 have offered any reaiarks
about him. If he will remember how frequently
he has addressed this House, and can only re-
member those two occasions, he must see that
there must have been a good many times when
I have not referred to him at all. Now, I never
have had the slightest unkind feeling toward
the gentleman from New Jersey in'my life.
Two or three weeks ago, on a Monday morn-
ing, by means of a mere accident in parlia-
mentary ru^, which happens perhaps once in
twenty-five years, the gentleman had an oppor-
tunity to exhaust the whole morning hour in a
debate in which neither himself nor any other
member of the House was interested, and 1 ap-
pealed to the gentleman personally to yield the
floor, inasmuch as there were many gentlemen
on this side of the House who had resolutions to
offer—not resolutions of a political character,
hut of a business nature, which could only be
introduced under the call of States on alternate
Mondays. The gentleman agreed that he would
not take more than twenty minutes, but then
he continued for the entire hour; and in the
heat of the moment I made some remarks that
were hasty and unbecoming, as I have since
thought. If I thereby wounded the gentleman
in any way I am very sorry for it; and I will
say in addition, that I have none but the kind-
liest feeling for him personally. He has always
treated me with respect, and I desire to treat
him in the same way.
Mr. ROGERS. That is sufficient.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know to what part of this
section this debate applies. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
not yet advised. .
Mr. ROGERS. I want but a moment more.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentlemen have.
exhausted their reasons for reducing the Army,
I will move the previous question.
Mr. ROGERS. Wait until my fifteen min-
utes are through, if you please.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask but a moment more.
The gentleman from Maine says that my argu-
ments upon the resolutions which I offered had
interest neither for the House nor for myself
nor anybody else. [Laughter.]
The gentleman is mistaken about that; it
was a very important question, and I presume
the House will remember that when first I came
here, I think in the first week or in the second,
I offered a joint resolution-which was referred
to the Judiciary Committee, to authorize the
States to tax United States securities, and the
remarks which I made were therefore entirely
pertinent to the question before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. i must really rise to a
question of order.
Mr. ROGERS. It is not necessary. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move to amend the
section by inserting at the end of it the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided further, That officers of the same grade
above the rank of first lieutenant, who shall be
appointed under the provisions of this section, shall
have their rank determined by their last previous
rank, whether in the volunteer service or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman from
New York will not put that on a section with
which it has nothing to do whatever. This
section relates to a cavalry force. His amend-
ment refers to an entirely different and sep-
arate question. I suggest that he add it to the
bill as a separate section, otherwise we shall
make this bill a piece of unmeaning patchwork.
* Mr. VAN AERNAM. The only way in
