2936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Committee on Naval Affairs suggests to me
that I ought to add the words "and to restore
him to his original rank." I move this amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time and passed.
bill introduced.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 101) directing the re-
moval of certain obstructions from the public
square known as Market square in the city of
w ashington; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Coopeb, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 2d instant, the following acts
and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No.' 167) to incorporate the
"Women's Hospital Association of the District
of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 184) to define more clearly
the jurisdiction and powers of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes:
An act (S. No. 208) to protect American
citizens engaged in lumbering on the St. Croix
river, in the State of Maine; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) authorizing
the appointment of examiners to examine a
site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad ves-
sels of the United States Navy.
clerks op interior department.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. In behalf of the special
committee, to whom was referred the subject-
matter of the reorganization of the clerical
force of the Department, of the Interior, I am
instructed to ask the Senate to take up that
bill for consideration at the present time. It
is Senate bill No. 282; I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 282) to reorganize the clerical force of the
Department of the Interior, and for other pur-
poses, was read the second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that from and after the com-
mencement of the next fiscal year the clerical
force in the office of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and in the several bureaus of the Depart-
ment of the Interior shall be as follows:
In the office of the Secretary: one chief
clerk, one disbursing agent, who is to be ex
officio superintendent of the Patent Office
building, at a compensation of $2,500 per an-
num; one clerk on public lands, one clerk on
Indian affairs, one clerk on pensions, one clerk
on the judiciary, at a compensation of $2,000
each per annum; three clerks, at $1,800 each
per annum; four clerks, at 81,600 each per
annum; and four clerks, at $1,400 each per
annum.
In the General Land Office: one chief clerk,
ten clerks in charge of divisions, at $2,000 each
per annum; ten assistants to such clerks, at
$1,800 each per annum; forty clerks, at $1,600
each per annum; fifty clerks, at $1,400 each
per annum; thirty clerks, at $1,200 each per
annum.
In the Indian Office: one chief clerk, three
clerks in charge of divisions, at an annual com-
pensation of $2,000 each ; six clerks, at an an-
nual compensation of $1,800 each; eleven
clerks- at an annual compensation of $1,600
each ; eight clerks, at an annual compensation
of $1,400 each; and five clerks, at an annual
compensation of $1,200 each.
In the Pension Office: one chief clerk, three
clerks in charge of divisions, at an annual com-
pensation of $2,000 each ; twenty clerks, at an
annual compensation of $1,800 each: fifty
clerks at an annual compensation of $1,600
each ; fifty-two clerks, at an annual compensa-
tion of S1,J00 each; and twenty-two clerks, at
an annual compensation of $1,200 each.
In the Patent Office: In addition to the
clerks and emplov6s authorized by existing
laws, four primary, four first assistant, and four
second assistant examiners; and the annual
salaries of the first assistant examiners shall,
from and after the commencement of the next
fiscal year, be $2,000 each; the salary of the
librarian, $2,500 per annum, which shall be
in full for all his services as librarian and
translator.
The compensation of the messengers, assist-
ant messengers, laborers, and watchmen in the
Department of the Interior and its several
bureaus and offices is to be the same as it now
is under the operation of the act entitled "An
act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1865,
and for other purposes," approved June 25,
3.864.
The Secretary of the Interior is to appoint
all the clerks and other emploj'es mentioned
in this act, except such as are by law appointed
by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
In the temporary absence of the head of either
of the bureaus, his duties are to devolve upon
and be performed by the chief clerk, unless
the President shall see proper to appoint an-
other person for that purpose.
From and after the commencement of the
next fiscal year, the compensation of the As-
sistant Secretary of the Interior, and that of
the heads of the bureaus of the .Department
of the Interior is to be the same as that now
allowed by law to the Commissioner of Patents;
that of the chief clerk of the Department of the
Interior $2,500 per annum, and that ofthe chief
clerks of the bureaus each $2,250 per annum.
The sums which may be necessary to carry
into effect the .several provisions of this act
during the fiscal year ending June 30. 1887,
are to be paid out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, except so far
as they relate to the Patent Office, in which
case they arc to 1)0 paid from the patent fund.
The select committee to whom the bill was
referred reported it with several amendments.
The first amendment was in scction one, lines
thirty-three and thirty-four, to strike out the
words "three clerks in charge of divisions at
an annual compensation of $2,000 each" and
to insert "there shall be appointed by the
Secretary-of the Interior, for the Pension Office,
five heads of divisions, each of whom shall be
allowed a salary of $2,000 per annum;" so
that the clause will read:
In the Pension Office: one chief clerk; there shall
be appointed by the Secretary ofthe Interior for the
Pension Ollice live heads of divisions, each of whom
shall be allowed a salary of $2,000 per annum ; twenty
clerks at an annual compensation of SI,800 each. Arc.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By striking out the word
"three" in line thirty-three and inserting the
word "five" in the bill as it stood originally,
the effect would be the same, and it would be
more in harmony with the other sections of
the bill. It would then read, "one chief clerk
and five clerks "in charge of divisions, at an
annual compensation of $2,000 each," instead
of three, as reported in the original bill. I will
state that the special committee appointed on
this subject had before them the heads of these
several bureaus; and on consultation with them
and ascertaining the condition of affairs in the
Pension Office we became satisfied that there
are five important divisions in the Pension
Office, at the head of which there ought to be
a man of sufficient capacity to take charge of
the division, instead of three. The Commis-
sioner of Pensions was decidedly of that opin-
ion, and certainly we were, after hearing him
at length on that subject. We have no doubt
that it is one of the most important bureaus
in the Government. It has charge of all ques-
tions relating to pensions, deciding who shall
have them and who are not entitled to them.
I will state that on the subject of the salaries
mentioned in this bill there is a printed state-
ment accompanying the bill, giving a compari-
son of the salaries as they now stand, and as
they will be underthisbill. Some of thesalaries
are raised, but the whole amount of expenditure
is no greater.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will bo on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment
of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment reported by the
committee as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment that I
proposed was an amendment to the original
bill as it stood, waiving the amendment pro-
posed by the committee. The effect is pre-
cisely the same by inserting " five" instead of
"three" in line thirty-three in the bill as it
stood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore._ Then the
amendment reported by the committee will be
considered as disagreed to; and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin to the
bill, instead of to the amendment, will be con-
sidered as adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out after
the enacting clause of the second section the
following:
That the compensation of the messengers, assistant
messengers, laborers and watchmen in the Depart-
ment of the Interior and the several bureaus and
offices thereof shall be the same as it now is under
the operation of the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1865, and for other purposes," ap- '
proved June 25,1864.
And to insert in lieu thereof—
That there shall be authorized to be employed in
the Department ofthe Interior in the several bureaus
thereof fhe following named employes, namely: In
the General Land Offico: one messenger at -51,000 per
annum; four messengers at $810 each per annum;
eight watchmen at $720each per annum; nine labor-
ers at $720 each per annum ; and two packers at $720
each per annum. In the Pension Bureau : one chief
messenger at $1,000 per annum; five assistant messen-
gers at £310 each per annum; six laborers ats720each
per annum; and one watchman at S-720 per annum.
In the Indian Bureau: one messenger-in-chief at
SI,000 per annum; two watchmen at £720 each per
annum; and two laborers at$720 per annum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment does
not changc the law as it now stands. The idea
ofthe committee was that as this was a bill to
reorganize the Department ofthe Interior, we
should specify in it the number of messengers
that are now provided by law and their sala-
ries, so that it should all appear in the same
bill, and then there would bo, no difficulty in
turning to the bill to ascertain precisely what
they are without looking at other statutes on
the subject. This morning the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Interior called on me in relation
to this amendment, and stated the fact that in
specifying these officers in the amendment the
committee had omitted to specify the messen-
gers ofthe Department proper. The messen-
gers, laborers, &c., here specified are the mes-
sengers and laborers of the various bureaus.
I therefore move, in order to supply the defi-
ciency, to insert after line twelve in the amend-
ment on the fourth page, the following :
In the Secretary's office: one chief messenger at
$1,000 per annum ; two assistant messengers at SStO
peranmi:n; three laborers and thirteen watchmen at
$720 each per annum.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are one or two
verbal amendments necessary. In the present
stage of the session the bill may not pass the
other House before the 3Qth of June. It is
necessary to make it apply to the coming fis-
cal year. I move in line three of the first
section on the first page to strike out " next1'
before the words "fiscal year" and insert after
the word "year" the words " ending June30,
1867."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that all the amendments reported
by the committee are not yet acted upon. Per-
haps it would be better to conclude them be-
fore offering other amendm<jpts.
