1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
lias been unsatisfactory and ineffectual. Indeed, many
of the members are utterly unequal to the task, and
yielding to the influence and dreading the power of
numbers, shrink froin its performance. A suffrage
law wda passed at the spring session, the result of
compromise, and doubtful in its terms, easily evaded
and practically defective. By in cans of repeated proc-
lamations by the Governor, telegraphic ordeis from
the President, and the aid of the military, a partial
executiononly ol' the law wa« obtained, bo defective
was the execution 01 the law by the officers to whom
it was intrusted, that the Governor was constrained
to declare the August election totally voidin twenty-
nine counties in the State. An attempt will be made
at the present session to pass an amended suffrage
law, but it is doubtful whether any effectual disfran-
chisement can pass, and still more doubtful whether,
if passed, it can be executed, even with the presence
of the military: certainly, such a law cannot be
executed if the supervising power of the General
Government should be discontinued. In short, your
memorialists anticipate that at the first geneiai elec-
tion the entire civil and judicial power of tho State
must pass into the hands of those who have so Ions?
oppressed them and made actual war upon them."
These memorialists} further allege that thoy
are citizens of the State, and ''not driven to
consult tourists nor correspondents for infor-
mation that they speak not from hearsay
or report, but as witnesses admissible in court
that "the predominant feeling of those lately
in rebellion is that of deep-seated hatred,
amounting in many cases to a spirit of revenge
toward the white "Unionists of the State that
the rebel party in the State ':is every day be-
coming more and more compact and powerful
that " it has live well-sustained and ably edited
daily newspapers m Memphis, four in Nash-
ville, one in Knoxville, and a weekly in each :
of the important villages ■j1' that this party con-
sists " of over two thirds of the white men of
the State and that "free from restrictions
upon suffrage, they will probably cast ninety
thousand votes in the State." After making
many other statements in reference to the con-
dition of Tennessee, quite as pregnant and
striking as any that I have quoted, they utter
an appeal for protection, and—
"They pray that the Government will not, forsake
them by withdrawing its direct agency in our (their
affairs, thereby delivering them to their tormentors.
This earnest invocation from our persecuted
brethren and loyal fellow-citizens is suggestive
of the groans of the Britons, and reminds us
of the misfortunes of that unhappy people
when they made that touching appeal to Rome
for protection against those barbarians, the
fierce Picts and Scots, who were pressing them
into the sea ; and in fact there is some analogy
between the cases. The rebels pursue the loyal
Tennesseeans with wrongs and instruments of
assassination, while Ave refuse to take thorn
under the protection of the Federal Govern-
ment, but turn them back and hand them over
to the tender mercics of tbe rebels. It is true
that the memorialists do say "that they desire
to be represented in Congress," but they are
careful to add that—
" If our form of government is such that to admit
our Representatives to scats in Congress will compel
the withdrawal ot the supervising control ot the na-
tional Government over our internal affairs, thereby
insuring the ascendency of the rebel majority, your
memoiialists prefer, and they are sure the loyal peo-
ple of the State prefer, to live in a territorial condi-
tion, and even under military government.
I regret that I have not time to read the en-
tire memorial. It is clear in its statements,
replete with facts, and throws a^ flood of light
upon the condition of affairs in Tennessee, and
ought to be read by every man in the country.
But it has been attempted in some quarters to
throw discredit upon the testimony of these
memorialists, and I will therefore produce the
action of the Senate of Tennessee in support
of their statements.
I ask the Clerk to read the following pro-
ceedings of that body, which I find reported in
Browidow's Knoxville Whig of the date of
February 7.
The Clerk read, as follows :
important vote in the senate.
On Thursday, 18th instant, the following proceed-
ings and vote were had in the Tennessee Senate:
Senate Joint Resolution.
Senate joint resolution by Mr. Carrigan:
Whereas a certain memorial has recently been pre-
sented to the reconstruction committee of the Con-
gress of the United States, styling itself the iJnion
central committee of Tennessee," and assured by its
authors to be a true and faithful representation of
the political condition of onr State, and designed by
its authois to be a "stumbling-block" to the speedy
resumption of our relations to the Federal Union, and
a "sheet anchor" to those in Congress who oppose
President Johnson and his policy of reconstruction;
and whereas the memorialists are men unknown to
the people of Tennessee, (with oneexception,)aswell
as to "lionof or fame," and that they neither repre-
sent tile Union sentiments of E;u>t, Middle, nor west
Tennessee; and whereas they say in their dark-lan-
tern memorial concerning the people of Tennessee,
that "their protestations of loyalty are sheet hypoc-
risy—a mask assumed for an object to be thrown off
when that object is accomplished,'' we feel called
upon by a sacred sense of duty to our country to vin-
dicate the pledged honor and fidelity of our people,
and pronounce all such charges and allegations false
and infamous: Therefore,
Be U resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Tennessee, That the said memoiial is not the em-
bodiment of the sentiments of the Union people of
our State, and that we can assure the reconstruction
committee in Congress, and our friends throughout
the Union, that our people arc now entering upon a
high state of peace and prosperity, and that their in-
dustry and economy are daily being brought into
gicat activity, and they seem entirely willing and
anxious to support m good faith the constitutions of
the United States and of the State of Tennessee, and
are obeving all laws and requirements, both State
and Fedeial, with remarkable unanimity, candor, and
sincerity.
Under a suspension of the rule, laid on the table,
on motion of Mr. Hall, by the following vote, on a
calling of the ayes and noes :
A yks—Aldndge, Bosson, Cate, Cypert, Hall, Keith,
MoKinncv, Kelson, Senter, and Trimble—10.
Noes—Bowen, Carrigan, Frazer of Wilson, Frazior
of Knox, Johnson, Powell, Smith, and Speaker Frier-
son—8. , .
Several Senators, voting in the negative, announced
that they did so out of courtesy to the Senator intro-
ducing the resolution, though opposed to the resolu-
tion itself.
Mr. BEAMAN. This action of the Senate
of Tennessee is an ample indorsement of the
statement made by the central union commit-
tee ; and the editor of the Whig, in a note ap-
pended to the report of the proceedings, adds
characteristically that—
"This voting for a rebel document, and against the
Union party andsentimont, 'out of courtesy,' is what
we don't understand!"
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker] has
rendered valuable service to the country by giv-
i ing publicity to two letters; one from Governor
| Brownlow, dated .J anuary 1,1806, and the other
: of the 29th December last, from Hon. A. .T.
Fletcher, secretary of state of Tennessee, from
which I present some extracts. Governor
Brownlow says:
" I give it as my candid opinion, that if the military
forces were all withdrawn liomTennessce, the Legis-
lature would at once be dispersed by a rebel mob.
Out of six daily papeisin Nashville, four of them are
rebel, while the peoplearemore than two thirds on the
rebel side. Rebel grand juiies are indicting Federal
soldiers and officers in Middle Tcnneseee, and either
binding them over to court in heavy bomlsor casting
them into prison for executing orders given them by
our generals as iar back as tbe days ot llosecranz and
Ston'criver. And many of the reocls now speak out
openly and say 'Union men and Yankees shall not
live in the country.'" * 4 e * 'Assum-
ing the restraints of the General Government are all
to be icmovcd irom Tcnne.-^ce, you ask me if north-
ern school teaoheis would be allowed to educate ne-
groes? I answer, no; not in Middle and West Ten-
nessee. In two cases out of eveiy thice, the school
houses would be burned and the teachers rode upon
a rail."
In the same letter, he says:
" I believe the whole South is full of rebellion, and
that the rebels are seeking to accomplish by legisla-
tion and through Congress what they failed to do
upon the field of carnage—de&troy the Government.
And should this Legislature of ours adjourn without
giving us the right sort of franchise law, the next
General Assembly will be rebel, and will repeal all
laws this one has enacted. The next congressional
delegation will be rebel, and our Senators will be in-
structed to resign. And some such man as General
Forrest will be clected Governor.''
Mr. Fletcher says :
"There are about forty thousand Union voters in
the State <t;ainst one hundred thousand whose sym-
pathies are with ' a.iust but lost cause. These latter
will form a compact party in the state, held together
by hatred for those whom tlicy have branded as lo-
ries for deserting the South in her extremity, by a
determination to keep the negro in aeondition as near
to slavery as possible, and probably by a desire to keep
the South united with a view to ulterior designs
* * > •, "The attempt to disfranchise the
mnioritv has failed. Another attempt will be made
and will tail, and this, too, with the military present
and a loval State government. Withdraw the press-
ure of the General Government and a hundred thou-
sand rebels, talented and wealthy, will laugh at any
restraint imposed by less than lialf their number or
citizens." * - * * The next Legisla-
ture will be two thirds rebel in each House. They
w,ill oppress the,Union men in, every way they dare.
And liast Tennessee will mate aa effort for a sepa-
rate organization. Two Union inen and -six rebels
will be elected to the next Congress." The present
loyal delegation owes its success to the -presence of
the military and the partial execution of the sufirage
law and to policy."
A letter has been published of the date of Jan-
uary 15, 1866, addressed by Governor Brown-
low to Hon. Schuyler Colfax, for the pur-
pose, as I suppose, of establishing the claim of
Tennessee to representation in the two Houses
of Congress. Two or three extracts from'that
letter, however, will show how far it tends to
accomplish the object for which its publication
was designed. Says the writer—
" I am decidedly in favor of admitting the Tennes-
see delegation, and have so expressed myself in all
myprivate andpublishcd letters, aswell as in my mes-
sages to the Legislature." * * * * "The
Tennessee delegates, as a whole, are loyal, can take
the required oath, and would, if in their seats, add to
the strength of the Union party." * * *
" Finally they oughtto be admitted asa means of pre-
venting a rupture between Congress and the Presi-
dent, which, for the sake of the country, ought to be
avoided. ThePresident ought to bosatisfied with the
admission of the Tennessee delegates to their seats,
and I have no doubt would be."
But in the same letter Governor Brownlow
does not omit to say that—
" If the removal of the Federal troops from Tennes-
see must necessarily follow upon the admission of our
congressional delegation to their seats, why, then, and
inthatcase. theloyalmen of Tennesseebegto be with-
out Kepresentatives in Congress." * * * 1
tell you, and through you all whom it may concern,
that without a law to disfranchise rebels, and a force
to carry out the provisions of that law, this State will
pjss into the hands of the rebels, and a terrible state
of affaiisis bound to follow. Union men will be driven
from the State, forced to sacrifice what they ha;ve, and
seek homes elsewhere." * * , "T",086
who suppose theSouthis reconstructed, andthather
people cheerfully accept the results of the war are
fearfullv dcccivcd. The whole South is full of the
spirit of rebellion and the people are growing more
bitter and insolent every day."
Mr. Speaker, the condition of Tennessee as
shown by the documents from which I have
quoted, is startling and appalling; but the pic-
ture is not overwrought. From every part, of the
rebel territory comes the same story of wrong,
outrage, and oppression. The shooting of the
negro, the depriving him of all civil rights, the
murder of Union men, the banishment of north-
ern emigrants, the utterance of disloyal senti-
ments, and the commission of every conceivable
crime, have become the order of the day, And
now, what does the testimony of these loval
men of Tennessee establish? Why, it shows
that out of one hundred and forty thousand
voters, one hundred thousand are rebels in
deed and rebels at heart; that treason is as
rampant in that region as it was in 1861; that
the so-called State government has thus far
been compelled, at every step, to lean upon
the strong arm of national authority for sup-
port ; that notwithstanding the presence of the
military, outrage and crime everywhere prevail;
that the rebels will have a two-thirds vote in
the next General Assembly; that the party
opposed to the Government is every day grow-
ing stronger, more bitter, more compact; that
in spite of laws for disfranchisement, at the
next election for Representatives in Congress
at least six out of the eight will be rebels and
plotters against the Government; that to-day,
were the United States troops withdrawn, the
Legislature would be dispersed by "a rebel
mob and that to recognize the existence of a
State government, and to turn over the people
to its care and protection, is to decree to every
loyal man in that region, black or white, ban-
ishment or death.
Sir, such a proposition is base; it lsungrate-
ful; it is heathenish; it is monstrous; it is mad-
ness! And is this the return to be made to
loyal southern men for their sacrifices, services,
and patriotism, who have braved prisons and
loss of property, and the scorn and threats ox
bloody-handed traitors, ande\en death itselt,
rather than betray their country ? Shall we pun-
ish men because of their lojalty? Bettei, tar
better, would they have fared had they steeped
their hands in the very dregs of treason. And
is this the way to make treason odious? And
if the loyal southern man is to be ignored or
