3898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
sylvania [Mr. Buckalew] was a member of the
committee that reported this bill, and he says
he is in lkvor of referring it to the Committee
on Contingent Expenses. I am perfectly will-
ing to recommit it to the same committee; but
it ought to go to some committee. I think it
has gone on a misapprehension of facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only suggest to the
Senator from Maine that, where a special com-
mittee is raised for a particular object and they
make a report upon it, to take their report and
submit it to a standing committee, looks to me
to be a singular proceeding.
Mr. WADE. I have no feeling of delicacy
about it. I do not care where the bill goes. I
know, however, that under the resolution under
which we acted, any committee will have to
come to the same conclusion at which we ar-
rived. It was not in our power to say whether
these salaries were too high or too low. The
bill is based upon the enhanced compensation
that the House of Representatives propose to
pay their employes. _ Gentlemen say that that
body was not authorized to make that increase
and that it will never be paid, and therefore
the bill should be amended in that particular,
and an equalization made without reference to
that proposed increase. If, however, the reso-
lution under which this committee acted is to
stand as an instruction, any other committee
that considers the subject must come to the
same conclusion that we did. If you wish some
other basis of compensation adopted, you should
give the committee a discretion to ilx the com-
pensation as they think it ought to be, or yon
ought, to instruct them to equalize it on the same
basis that the respective cmploy6s stood be-
fore the House resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN, The difference is, that
I propose to equalize with what they are enti-
tled to by law, and not to equalize with what
the Ho use tries to give.
Mr. WILSON. I think that the bill should
go to the Committee on Contingent Expenses.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to its go-
ing to that committee, but I am entirely satis-
fied that we ought to enhance the compensation
of these officers. That I have no doubt about.
The committee, in making this report, had no
discretion. The rule for them to follow was
prescribed in the resolution under which they
were appointed. Take the Scrgeant-at-Arms;
his office is an exceedingly laborious one; he
stays here through the whole vacation, and he
has very responsible duties to perform during
all that time, for ho makes all the purchases for
the department of the business to which he
attends. His duties keep him here in the va-
cation ; he cannot spend it away from here, as
can be done by the corresponding officer of
the House. But I shall not resist the motion
to refer the bill to a standing committee, and
let them fix the compensation as they think it
ought to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply suggestthat
in referring this bill to either committee they
should be relieved from the instructions re-
ferred^ by my colleague, and it should be
committed with instructions to report back a
bill prescribing a fair and just compensation
to the officers of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I intended
in making the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would relieve the com-
mittee from the instructions of the original
resolutions because they may bind them to the
scale m this bill, perhaps.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to say, as I happen
to be one of the members of the Committee
on Contingent Expenses, that this subject has
been under consideration, and the chairman
was about to report a bill creating a new offi-
cer which they recommend to the adoption of
the Senate, who shall be the purchasing agent
foi the Senate, to supply such things as may
be necessary for the transaction of our busi-
ness. As things now arc, there are not less
than four or five different persons who buy the
same description of articles of different par-
ties and at different prices, at the same time.
The Senator from Ohio FMr. Wade] was kind
enough to postpone this bill one day in order
to enable the suggestions of' the Committee
on Contingent Expenses to be prepared to be
incorporated into his bill, but they have not
been able yet to prepare their report. If, how-
ever, the bill goes over, or is recommitted to
the same committee, or is sent to another com-
mittee, or lies on the table for a day, I think
they will be prepared to make some sugges-
tions in that direction.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will be sent
to the Committee on Contingent Expenses
without instructions. I understand that com-
mittee have considered the subject pretty care-
fully.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before the measure is re-
committed, I desire to propose an amendment
to come in at the end of the last line on page
2 of the bill. -
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The Chair will suggest to the
Senator from Rhode Island that there is an
amendment already pending, but a motion to
commit takes precedence of the amendment.
An amendment, however, can be received by
unanimous consent if the Senator desires it to
go to the committee with the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I ask leave to present an
amendment to have it printed and referred to
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be done after
the vote is taken on the commitment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be received by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I desire that my amendment
may be printed and go to the committee.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire the same order
to be made in regard to my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and those orders are made.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Maine to refer the bill to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
bridges on tiii3 mississippi riveh.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to consider the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 18G) to authorize the construction of cer-
tain bridges and to establish them as post roads.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom
the House amendments were referred, report
in favor of concurring in the House amend-
ments with an amendment. The amendment
of the committee will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to the House amendments the fol-
lowing additional sections:
And be it further enacted, That the St. Louis and
Illinois Bridge Company, a corporation organized
under an act of tho General Assembly of the State
ot Missouri, approved February 5.186i, and an act
amendatory of the same, approved February 20,1865,
and also confined in its corporate powers under an
act of the Legislature of the State of Illinois, ap-
proved  , 1864, or any other bridge company organ-
ized under the laws of Missouri and Illinois, bo, and
the same is hereby, empowerod to erect, maintain.
subject to all the conditions contained in said act of
incorporation and amendment thereto and notmcon-
sistcnt with the following terms And provisions con-
tained in this act: and in case of any litigation arising
from any obstruction or alleged obstruction to the
free navigation of said waters the cause may be tried
before the district court of the United States of any
State in which any portion of said obstruction or
bridge touches.
And he it further enacted, That the bridge hereby
authorized in the preceding section to bo built shall
notbeasuspension bridge or draw-bridge with a. pivot
or other form of draw, but shall be constructed of
continuous or unbroken spans, and subject to these
conditions, namely, first, that the lowest part of tho
bridge at the bottom chord shalinotbe less than fifty
feet above the city directrix at its greatest span; sec-
ond, that it «ha.U hare at least onespan five hundred ,
feet in the clear or two spans three hundred and fifty j
feetin thecloarof abutments ; if thotwo ialterspans
are u-<cd. tht onc over the main steamboat channel
snail be iiuviuet above the city directrix measured to
theiow. 1 pirfo( >h"l)riilgeatUjeeenterofthespan;
third, no. -nan over the water at low-water mark shall
be less than two hundred feet in the clear of abut-
ments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know exactly
at what stage to offer it, but I desire to offer
an amendment to the House amendments.
The bill is in this condition: it is a Senate
bill which was amended in the House of Rep-
resentatives, came back, was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and we are now considering an amendment
which they report to the House amendments.
Mr. CONNESS. Let that bo acted on first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to offer another
amendment to one of the House amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
done after the amendment reported by the
committee shall have been disposed of. The
question now is on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Section eight of the
House amendments provides for a bridge at
Keokuk, to be bnilt by a corporation which
has been chartered in Iowa. All the other
bridges, it will be seen, are to be built under
the authority of the two States on the opposite
sides of the Mississippi river. I wish to amend
that amendment so as to have the authority of
Illinois as well as of Iowa for the construction
of that bridge. There will be no objection to
it, I presume. I move to amend the eighth
section of the House amendments by insert-
ing after the word "company," in line three
of section eight, the words "a corporation
existing under the law of the State of Iowa,
and the Hancock County, Illinois, Bridge Com-
pany, a corporation existing under the laws of
the State of Illinois ;" and then to strike out
the word "is" and insert "are," so that this
section of the House amendments, if thus
amended, will read:
That the Keokuk and Hamilton, Mississippi,
Bridge Compn,ny, a corporation existing under the
laws of the State of Iowa, and the Hancock County,
Illinois, Bridge Company, a corporation existing
under the laws of the State of Illinois, bo. and are
hereby, empowered to construct and maintain a
bridge over the Mississippi river between Iveokuk,
Iowa, and Hamilton, Illinois, of the same charac-
ter, description, and constructon as provided in this
act for the bridges at Quincy and Burlington.
The only effect of my amendment is this:
the bill as it came from the other House au-
thorized a company chartered in the State of
Iowa to erect the bridge; I think it ought to
say, "and the company chartered by the State
of Illinois." It is so in regard to all the others.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me the effect of
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois is
to authorize two distinct companies to do pre-
cisely the same thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is to do one thing, but
subject to the laws of both States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These two companies
have to do it together. That is so in refer-
ence to all the bridges which are authorized
by this act.
_ Mr. HOWE. I understand the other pro-
visions of tho bill to empower single compa-
nies, when authorized so to do by tho adjacent
States, to build bridges; but this authorizes
two distinct companies to do the same thing.
Mr. RAMSEY. To build one bridge.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me thera must be
a conflict of jurisdiction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Wisconsin will look at the fifth section of the
bill he will see that the same provision is there
made. That section, in regard to the bridge
to be built at Hannibal, provides ''that a
bridge may be constructed at the town of Han-
nibal, in the State of Missouri, across the Mis-
sissippi river, so as to connect the Hannibal and
St. Joseph railroad with the Pike County and
GreatWcstern railroads of Illinois, on the same
terms, and subject to the same restrictions," &c.
Who is to build that bridge? Of course those
railroad companies are to build it; the Great
Western road on the Illinois side, and the
Hannibal and St. Joseph road on the Missouri
side.
Mr. HOWE. It does not say so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not say that they
