1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
pcared before a competent military board, and
if on examination were found to possess the
requisite military knowledge, and bya suitable
medical board they were found to possess the
necessary physical strength for the performance
of the duties assigned them, they were mus-
tered into the service.
Sir, those of this Veteran Reserve corps who
now remain in service—many of them have
been mustered out—are No. 1 men. They
have been tested on the field of battle, and not
found wanting. They are men of courage and
experience ; and I say it. is a slander upon a
noble organization to say that these men can-
not do half the service that can be rendered
by men who have never seen service in the
field. I say that a man with a cork leg and
with only one arm_, if he has ordinary ability
in other respects, is as capable of doing duty
at a fort or a military rendezvous in time of
peace as any man.
I hold, sir, that this nation has some inter-
est in caring for the men who constitute this
Yeteran Reserve corps. We have no right to
muster them summarily out of the service,
saying to them, "We are willing to give you a
pension of $100 or S200 a year, and with this,
you can, if you exercise ordinary prudence and
economy, make your living."
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. _ The gentleman _ has
stated that, when this corps was organized,
there was an understanding, in some way, or
on the part of somebody, that it was to be a
permanent organization. Will the gentleman
be kind enough to state to the House on what
he relies on making that assertion ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir; if it is a
matter of any importance, I will do so. I state
from my recollection that, at the time of the
organization of this corps, itwas so understood.
I remember that I spoke with reference to it
myself. 1 recollect that an officer of my own
State consulted me with reference to the ques-
tion whether he had better give up the business
by which he could make a livelihood at home
for the purpose of going into the Veteran Re-
serve corps. I remember that I told him that
I supposed it would be a permanent organiza-
tion, and that therefore it would be advisable
for him to go into it as a lieutenant, the pay of
which positicn would be sufficient, under
ordinary circumstances to support him and his
family.
It was my understanding, and I think it
was the general understanding, that that corps
should be a permanent organization. I know
that there are now in that corps men who aban-
doned their ordinary pursuits and professions
to enter this corps, believing in good faith that
they could by the services which they would
render compensate the Government for its out-
lay in maintaining that organization. Does
any gentleman believe that those men would
have entered that corps if they had understood
that they were to remain only a year fir eigh-
teen months, and were then to be turned off
that their places might be filled by able-bodied
men?
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman put
that question for the purpose of having it
answered ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; I do not care
to be interupted just now.
Mr. CONKLING. If the gentleman de-
sires an answer, I would be glad to give it.
Mr. INGERSOLL.- But, I can answer for
mvself. It is a plain and real answer. They
did not dream of such a thing. They supposed
they were part of the Army of the United
States, and that we would take a pride in them
for the services they had rendered; that their
organization should have the dignity and some-
thing of the eclat of the "Old Guard."
Yes, Mr. Speaker, the Veteran Reserve corps
can be pointed to with pride and glory by
American ciiizens, for they have proved the
defenders of the Republic against a wicked,
inhuman, and atrocious rebellion. And a gen-
erous people will recognize their services and
provide for and maintain them in their mili-
tary pride and glory as a part of the United
States Army.
I deny that the Veteran Reserve corps are
inadequate to discharge the duties of any ordi-
nary post or garrison of any branch of the ser-
vice while the country is at peace. I beg the
country and this House not to disregard the
claims—yes, sir, the claims of these noble
soldiers. Let us maintain this organization
as an independent organization of the Army,
whether it consist of five or ten regiments. I
am not satisfied we need fifty thousand or sixty
thousand men in a time of peace to maintain the
dignity of this country. When I am convinced
that we do I shall vote for such number of
men, but not until I am. 1 shall want to hear
further from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs or those who have carefully investigated
the subject. But whether the Army shall
consist of twenty-five thousand men or fifty
thousand men, I insist that the Veteran Re-
serve corps, men who have nobly won renown
' upon the field of battle, shall have their place
in the Army and shall not be overslaughed by
any opposition from any quarter, whether it
be under the guise of pretended economy or
by the regular Army or by any other interest
whatever.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As it is a glorious thing
to belong to the Army, I ask why it is the gen-
tleman was not-heard of in the war?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I tell you I was required
at home to take care of just such contemptible
"copperheads" as that-gentleman. [Laugh-
ter.] My services were required at home. If
all the patriotic and honest men like myself
had gone to the front such " copperheads" as
you would have taken the country, and it would
have gone to eternal ruin. [Applause on the
floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. T desire to know from
the gentleman why he has not taken care of
the copperheads ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I say that we have.
[Renewed applause.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Applause in
the galleries and upon the floor is out of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I say that we- have
taken good care of the " copperheads."
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a point of order.
Is it in order, in public debate to go to the
country, for one member to abuse his fellow-
member of the house by calling him a con-
temptible copperhead?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is not in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the decision had
been that it was in order, as he has not more
contempt for me than I have for him.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not'care about
anything he says. It matters nothing to me.
[Laughter. ] 1 have been u«ed to hearing their
slang and their slanders for several years. I
wish to say I did not personally call him con-
temptible, but his political party which has
embarrassed the Union party, which has en-
couraged the rebellion, which has done all it
could to defeat the Government in its great
struggle with the rebellion. I do call them
contemptible.
Mr. ROGERS. Is that in order?
Mr. INGLRSOLL. I think it is in order.
Mr. ROGERS. On what ground?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Because itis the truth.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. Is it in order for a member
to stand here and abuse another party? If it
is, I am willing to have this out. [Cries of
'■Order1!"] If there are traitors anywhere
they are in the other party. [Continued cries
of "Order!"] They are the disunionists to-
day, and we are the only real Union men in
the country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the ruling of
the Chair?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin is out of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. l('or inter-
rupting the proceedings of the House without
the consent of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
I wish to know whether the point of order
raised by the gentleman from New Jersey ought
not to be decided before any other. I want
to know whether it is not as proper for me to
call the gentleman from Illinois a traitor, as I
do, as for him to call me a "copperhead. "
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The' gentle-
man from Wisconsin is out of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I believe
I have the floor. [Laughter. ] I want it un-
derstood that I place upon whatever the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has said no sort of
importance 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
calls the gentleman to order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The Chair has decided that the gentle-
man from Illinois was out of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decided that his application to the gentleman
from Wisconsin was out of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist upon the enforce-
ment of the rule, that being decided to be out
of order, the gentleman from Illinois must take
IxiS SOctt
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of order.
The Chair has decided a moment ago that 
Mr. ROGERS. One point at a time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersom.] will sus-
pend. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Elmiidgb] raises the point of order that the
gcntlcrnn.n from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoi.l] was
held by the Chair to have been out of order.
That was so.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not doubt that.
[Laughter.] •
The SPEAKER pro tern pore. The remark
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixger-
sot.t,] as applied to the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridgu] was out of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The question of order
goes further.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll]_shall take
his seat until the House permits him to pro-
ceed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My time has not expired
yet, I believe.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's time has not yet expired. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldrtdge] insists
that the rule shall be enforced, that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] having been
declared out of order shall take his seat until
he is permitted to proceed.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that he be permitted
to proceed in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that he has not
yet taken his seat.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] will be
seated. [Laughter.]
The motion that the gentleman be allowed
to proceed in order was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Suppose Jeff. Davis
should call me a traitor, should I pay any
attention to it?
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not speaking to the question
before the House. Jeff. Davis has nothing to
do with it. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. He may have, from
present indications. If this copperhead party
ever gels into power Jeff, may be one of their
leaders.
Mr. ROGERS. I insist that the gentleman
should confine himself to the question before
the House or take his seat. Ho is not talking
upon the question at all.
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise another question
of order. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ixcersoll] has no right to charge upon this
side of the House that they are followers ol
Jeff. Davis, or that he is their leader.
It is s
