1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
1979
abuse of the privileges of this House. I ask
the Chair to decide that question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has decided the point of order raised by the
gentleman from New Jersey, that the gentleman
was not in order in the line of his remarks.
Mr. ELDivIDG-E. Then I insist that the
rule shall be enforced, and he shall sit down.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has decided that he was not in order in the
remarks he was proceeding to make. The gen-
tleman can proceed in order.
Mr. ELDHIDGE. I insist that he cannot
go on, when the Chair has decided him out of
order, until the House again allows him to
proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man was not in order, was not speaking to the
amendment. If he shall speak to the amend-
ment before the House he is in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then my point is not
allowed. I desire now to make another ques-
tion of order of some importance. He has
applied to this side of the House the epithet
that they are followers of Jeff. Davis. I insist
that that is nota proper remark to make against
members of Congress.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man raises another point of order, that the
application of the remark to the side of the
House to which the gentleman belongs, that
they are followers of Jefferson Davis, is not in
order. The Ohair cannot decide whether that
is in order or not. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a point of order:
that we will withdraw all objection and allow
the gentlemen on the other side to proceed if
they will allow us to answer.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] has the
floor.
Mr. "NTBLACK. I insist on knowing what
the amendment under consideration is.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will report the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, namely,
to strike out the following from section four:
Of ten regiments, to he raised and officercd as hero-
after provided for, to be called the Veteran Reserve
corps.
Mr. McKEE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment. •
Mr. INGERSOLL. r will do so.
Mr. McKEE. I only wish to make a single
statement. So far as this side of the House is
concerned there is a part of us at least who do
not take any exception whatever to being called
followers of Jeff. Davis, because we have never
been considered as being in that line. A num-
ber of us at least have a record by which the
country at large will not pui us in that cate-
gory. As to the gentlemen who are a little
further over, that seem to have fears of such
charges, there may be some ground for those
fears. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was showing the ne-
cessity of preserving the Veteran Reserve corps,
and in order to do that I was showing that from
present proceedings and present indications
the rebel power is liable to be restored in this
country, with Jeff. Davis at its head.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire of my colleague
if he has heard of the result of the municipal
election at Peoria, Illinois.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir. The copper-
heads have a majority there, I am sorry to say.
[Laughter.] There are some who have been
pardoned and restored to political power who
are as deeply dyed in crime as Jeff, Davis, his
compeers, and coconspirators, and I want to
protect the country against such men.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WARD. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Oliver Gold-
smith, and others, dealers in IdSf tobacco and manu-
facturers of cigars in the city of Detroit, praying for
relief touching the tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. CONKJLING: The petition of Milton H.
Thompson, and others, of Utica, New York, praying
the passage of lawsregulating inter-State insurances.
Also, the petition of several flax mills, praying that
a duty oi at least fifty percent, ctdvaloretii may belaid
on coarse flax yarns, coarse linens, hemp, and jute
goods, and no duty upon foreign flax for fine fabrics.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of S. C. Gardner, Syl-
vester Gardner, and 34 other?, citizcns of Onondaga
county, New York, praying increased protection on
American wool.
Also, the petition of Drs. John G.Shipman. Theo-
dore Bradford, and 18 others, praeticingphysicians of
Syracuse,NewYork, askingforachangein the inter-
nal duty affecting medicines.
By Mr. EGKLEY : The petition of 175 wool-grow-
ers of Island Creek township, J efferson county, Ohio,
asking an additional duty on wool.
By Mr. i>\NOK: The petition of Thomas P. Skin-
ner, and others, citizens of Perry county, Ohio,pray-
ing for an increase of duty on all foreign wool
imported into the United States.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The memorial of
citizens of Rock Island county, Illinois, protesting
against the permitting of disloyal men to hold office,
and against the repeal or modification ot the " test"
oaths.
Also, the petition of citizens of Mercer county,
Illinois, for a post route, &c.
Also? the petition of Joanna TVinans, for a pension.
By Mr. IIURBELL, of 2s ew York: The petition of
brewers of the United States, praying for reduction of
duty on barley imported from Canada.
By Mr. HOLBURD: The petition of sundry in-
habitants of St. Lawr.cnce county, New York, asking
a general insurance law.
Also, the petition ol sundry other citizens of St. Law-
rence county, New York, praying reduction of im-
ports on certain articles that are used in compound-
ing medicines, &e.
Bv Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of 100 citizens
of Putnam county, Illinois, asking for an increase
of duty on imported wool.
By Mr. KKLSO: The petition of citizens of Barton
county, Missouri, for the relief of William B. Smcd-
ley, late postmaster at Lamar. Missouri.
By Mr KETCH AM: The concui rent resolutions of
the LcgiMatiue ot the State of New York, in repaid
to the adjudicated claims of the militia ot that State
who served in the war ot 1812.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Several
petitions fj om citizens of Lawrence and "Washington
counties Pennsylvania, for an increase of duties* on
foreign wools.
By Mr. LONG YEAR: The remonstrance of Alex-
ander Monioe, and 1,202 others, citizens of Ingham
county, Michigan, against an extension ot the Amboy,
Lansing, and Traverse Bay railroad land grant to the
company of that name.
Also, the petition of A. B. Gibson, and 23 others,
citizens of Jackson, Michigan, asking for the estab-
lishment of a Bureau of Insurance.
By Mr. MOULTON: The petition of Mrs. Imogene
Buckingham, praying for the allowance of a pension
or an annuity.
By Mr. N1BLACK: The petition of Owen Fuller
and Ulysses K. Fisher, contractors on mail route No.
10648, praying relief from the terms of their contract.
Also, the claims of John J. NeGrew and It. H.
Hoffman, for property destroyed at Lexington, Mis-
souri, by order of the military authorities of the
United States.
By Mr. PAINE: ThepetitionofThomasIvershaw,
and 30 others, citizens of Milwaukee, for the enact-
ment of a law regulating insurance in the United
States.
Also, the petition of Jacob Olp, and 33 others, citi-
zens of Geneva, Wisconsin, for increase of duty on for-
eign *,vools.
Also, the petition of R. II. Bristol, and yO others,
citizens of Delavan, "Wahvoith county, Wisconsin,
for increased tariff on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of Alonzo Potter, and 51 others,
citizens of Lyons, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
increase of tar* (Ton foreign wools.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition of
Leonard Casey, of Whitley county, Kentucky, lor
pension for disability received in the service of the
Government.
Also,thepetition of citizens of Somerset, Kentucky,
for a post route from that town to Knoxvillc, East
Tennessee.
Also, the petition of citizens of Owsley county,
Kentucky, for a post route from Bcatyville to Thoinp-
sonville, in said county.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
John Ridgway. of Boston, that the Secretary of the
Navy may be authorized to make trial of his " verti-
cal revolving battery."
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: Thepetitionof L.Wood-
ward, and 22 others, citizens of Avon, Michigan, ask-
ing for an increased duty on foreign wool.
Also, thopctihon of citizens of Michigan, askingfor
the palace of just and equitable laws to regulate
inter-State insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of "Walton J.Barnes,
and 81 others, citi7ons of Qnmcy, Branch county,
Michigan, praying Congress for an increase of duties
on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of Z. G. Swan, and 66 others, citi-
zens of the same place, for the same purpose.
Also,the petition of David Stephenson, and 27 others,
citizens ot Bethel, in the &amc county and State, for
xhc same, purpose.
- Also, the petition of Asahel Brown, and 120others,
citizens of Algansee, in the same county and State,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of John McNett, and 88 others*
citizcns of Matteson, in the same county and State,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Martin Kinsley, and 50 others,
of Ovid, in the same county and State, for the same
purpose.
.Also, the petition of William Chase, and 36 others,
citizens of Iiindcrhook, in the same county and State,
ior the same purpose.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: Petitions
irom Niagara and Genesee countics, signed by 245
citizens, asking an Increase of duty on wool.
.£?u fe' } A?: 'f resolution of the Legislature
ot the fctatcot ftew York, asking an appropriation to
pay the claims of the militia of New York for cloth-
ing, &c., who served in the war of 1812.
j WELKER: The petition of George C. Un-
aernili.andlObothers,wool-growers of Lorain county,
Ohio, asking protection on wool.
-Also, the petition of D. A. Fenn, and 123 others,
wool-growers of Ashland county, on the same subject.
Also, the petition ot Daniel Musscr. and 99 others,
wool-growers of Ashland county, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of J. II. Dudley, and 55 others,
wool-growers oi Henrietta township, Lorain county,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. The petition
of the physicians of Tioga, Tioga county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying to be released from tax on medicines,
&c.
By Mr. WOODBRID.GE: The remonstrance of E.
W. Stoughton, William M. Evarts, Daniel Lord,
Charles O'Conor, James T. Brady, and 56 others,
members of the bar, practicing in the Federal courts,
against the passage of Senate bill No. 103, to reor-
ganize the Federal judiciary.
^ IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 17, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was road and
approved.
LIQUOR IN TIIE CAPITOL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In com-
pliance with the order of the Senate directing
the Chair lo appoint a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the concurrent resolution prohibiting the sale
of spirituous liquors in the Capitol building
and grounds, the Chair appointed Mr. Wilson,
Mr. Siiekman, and Mr. G-utukii;.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present to
the Senate a petition numerously signed from
the sixth congressional district of Iowa, set-
ting forth that certain persons in the interest of
the Des Moines River Navigation Company, a
corporation that the petitioners describe as a
defunct corporation, are interfering with and
making certain improper allegations in regard
to the extension of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad. They assert that the continu-
ance and extension of that road is of great
importance to that district and to the State of
Iowa, and hope that these allegations will not
be credited by Congress. This petition, if there
be no objection, will be received and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWxVHD. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. I
think it more appropriately belongs to that
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
bo referred to that committee if there be no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
William A. Carter, praying that he may be
permitted to preempt certain sections of land
in Utah Territory represented to contain de-
posits of iron ore and bi'tuminous coal, upon
the condition that he construct thereon a blast
furnace and foundery; which was referred to
tUe Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Joseph
W. J. Holmes, sr., praying for compensation
for property destroyed in Columbia, South
Carolina, by the United States forces under
General Sherman ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the petition of cer-
tain residents of the town of Martinsburg,
Berkeley county, West Virginia, members of
the German Evangelical church of that town,
praying for relief for the destruction ot the
church belonging to that denomination bv fire
during the recent rebellion while occupied by
