1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
defense and appeal to us for protection. They
ask to be delivered from the rebel yoke, and
beseech us not to turn them over to their tor-
mentors. I will listen to their prayers. I will
not be accessory to their ruin. I will not aid
the rebels to complete their extermination.
And I here deliberately declare, that with my
present information of the condition and sen-
timents of the people of the seceded districts,
and without more light and without further
security, 110 earthly power shall induce me to
consent to the terrible wrong of turning over
to those traitors the Government of the country
and thelives and fortunes of those patriotic men
who so piteously implore our protection. If so
great a crime is to be consummated its sin shall
not rest upon my conscience. If, after all the
sufferings of the last five years, when the phys-
ical power of the enemy is broken, when the
prize for which we contended is within our
reach, if it is now to be cast away heedlessly,
ruthlessly, then God's will be done. But the
scarred and mutilated heroes of this generation
shall not charge upon me the cowardly surren-
der of the fruits of their dearly bought vic-
tories ; their sons shall not avoid my children
on account of the sins of their father; my de-
scendants shall not look upon the record of my
votes, on this question at least, with sorrow and
shame. But why should the President be sat-
isfied by the admission of the Tennessee dele-
gation to the exclusion of those from the other
rebel States ? There is no difference between
them in principle, and such seems to be the
opinion of the Executive. In his veto message
of February 19, he says:
"It is hardly necessary for mo to inform Congress
that in my own judment most of those States, so far
at least as depends upon their own action, have al-
ready been fully restored, and are to be deemed as
entitled to enjoy their constitutional rights as mem-
bers of the Union."
Let no man, then, deceive himself with the
impression that the question is limited to the
admission of the Representatives from Tennes-
see. It embraces the recognition of all the
rebel States, and a vote for the admission of
Tennessee is a vote also for representation in
this Congress of the traitors of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, the doubts, the fears, the hor-
ror, and the gloom that marked the rise and
progress of the late rebellion are still fresh in
my recollection. I remember the latter days
of February and the early days of March in the
year 1861. During that period of feverish ex-
citement, whether or not the President-elect,
the nation's choice, could be inaugurated in
accordance with the time-honored custom of
the country was a question that filled the minds
of many good men with painful doubt and se-
rious alarm. I seem still to hear the lingering
echoes of the first gun discharged upon Sum-
ter. I was in Washington when our defeated
and routed army came straggling into the city
from the field of Bull Run, without order and
without discipline, inducing in some minds de-
spair, and consternation everywhere. I remem-
ber with what crushing effect the news of our
disasters before Richmond in the " seven days'
tights" fell upon the loyal heart of the country.
I remember that discouragement succeeded
hope and confident expectation when the issue
of the struggle at Fredericksburg was known.
I do not forget the thick gloom that settled
down upon the country in 1862, and which was
hardly lifted in 1863. I never can forget the
forty-five thousand brave but mutilated men
who were gathered into hospitals in this city
in 1864, martyrs to the cause of liberty in the
masterly campaign of General Grant. Those
were sad, dark days, whose tinge was deepened
by the frowns and hostile intrigues of foreign
nations. But sadderstill, and darker and more
gloomy, will bo that day on which the rebel
States shall assume the control of our national
Government; when, without guards or security
for future good cond let, without protection to
the blacks and loya'. whites who have freely
shed their blood in our defense, the seceded
districts shall be declared reconstructed and
restored States, and again launched upon their
career of oppression, tyranny, and crime. But
I pray God—I trust, hope, and believe that such
a day of woe may never come ! I believe that
same mysterious Providence which has hith-
erto guided our tottering steps through the
intricate passages of disaster and war into paths
of safety, at the very moment when all seemed
lost, will still extend over us a protecting hand,
will still thwart the machinations of the evil-
minded; will continue to instructthe consciences
and strengthen the hearts of our people, and
will prepare them to stand firm and do battle
for the right against all combinations for injus-
tice and wrong, despite the plausibility of pre-
text, despite the position of the parties.
Mr. BROMVYliLL. Mr. Speaker, as there
seems to be an opportunity at this time, I beg
leave to submit a few remarks upon some of
the matters which at present are pressing upon
the attention of this Congress. And although
I might give some reasons why I desire to be
heard at this time concerning these questions,
I will omit' them; because unless in that which
I shall say there be found some reason for its
utterance, I had better hold my peace.
Since all loyal men seem to agree that some'
security should be demanded of the States lately
in rebellion, there would seem to be but little
danger of dissension among them touching
the course to be pursued to secure the restor-
ation of constitutional government in those
districts lately overcome by the Union arms.
But because I deem it proper that the course
we are most likely to pursue should be shown
to be within the landmarks of constitutional
law, as well as within the laws of war, I will
offer my opinion concerning the present con-
dition of those districts of our country, the
measures deemed proper for their restoration,
and the principles which should guide us in the
reconstruction of this great Republic.
And first, we are told from day to day that it
is immaterial what is the present condition of
the rebel States so that we agree among our-
selves as to the proper remedy to be applied.
But we should take notice that this is the same
as saying that Congress in itself is absolute and
can do what it pleases, provided its members
can agree; for if Congress be not absolute, then
it is surely one thing to legislate for communi-
ties which are, and have a right to be, lawful
States of this Union—and possessed of there-
served rights,of such—a part of its life, body,
and soul, as,described by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Smith ;] and it is another and
quite a different thing to legislate for commu-
nities which are within the territorial area and
subject to the national jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States, but without the right or power to
sit in its national councils and affect the wel-
fare of each other and the remainder of the
States by their action.
He who ignores this question ignores the very
limits of the authority by which he proposes to
act, if he proposes to remedy the existing dis-
orders of this Republic by congressional action.
He may, indeed, be so fortunate as to act within
the limits of constitutional authority, but he
cannot say that he does so by design. The best
results of his action can be esteemed nothing
better than fortunate blunders; since with his
own hand he turns down the light upon his own
powers of legal discernment.
Nor can one who says this escape from a
similar reflection upon his legal sagacity, if,
while he says that this question is immaterial,
he seeks to relieve Congress of the burden of
this matter, by attributing to the executive arm
the whole power to determine the remedy for
the disorders of the Republic.
For if it were true that the President of the i
United States, as Commander-in-Chief or other-
wise, could lawfully determine this matter; if
he could step between the people of the United
Slates and that, question which affects every
interest and every right throughout our com-
plicated system of government, and every prin-
ciple of our institutions from primary to ulti-
mate: if he could indeed grasp that supreme
and sublime power which is the source of all
action creative of laws in this country; if in
short he can hold the legislative will of the peo-
ple iu th.e holloa of his hand, which is all that
aespptism in its utmost grasp includes; even
then, this question of the legal status of these
States would force its presence at the outset,
and must be met and, grappled with by him,
unless we say that in his hands constitutions fix
no limits, and laws, however organic, most
spend their force in reaching the footstool of
executive power.
Suchanassumptionrepresentsthebody-politic
no longer as a being of possible conformation
and functions; but as a monster whose dispos-
ing power or soul is rifled and dislodged from
the vital organs, and lodged in the arms, hands,
and fingers, which were ordained but to serve
and to defend. The announcement of such a
doctrine as this puts to shame and covers with
confusion the labors of every statesman of the
past and of the present day, and mocks at the
simplicity which has heretofore supposed three
departments essential to orderly and rational
government.
With these remarks I dismiss this point, only-
saying further that I apprehend but little dan-
ger in any one who entertains this doctrine
nursing the same either in or out of Congress;
for, unless the capacity of our people for self-
government has been immensely overrated, and
every estimate based upon it wholly ground-
less ; no considerable body of men can be found
to encourage or entertain for a moment this
most pernicious of all heresies, the mere pro-
mulgation of which is the abnegation of free
government in this country, and an invitation
to all future Presidents to make themselves
autocrats for the time of their service. It could
only remain to render the presidential office
by law hereditary, to complete the subversion
of our institutions; and rival the imperial dy-
nasties of the ancient Babylon in the splendid
despotism of the new.
But, sir, are we to be told to-day by any con-
siderable body of the American people that all
that for which a Constitution was ordered and
organized, for which its wonderful parts and
machinery were adjusted, everything that con-
stitutes a free Government in this country is to
be surrendered, and that the legislative will,
the power creative of laws, the disposing power
and consent of the people of the United States
is to be taken from their Congress, where they
are all by representation present as individuals
and as States, and transferred to an officer of
the law, a minister of the organization which
that legislative power in its original expression
set up to execute its own determined will ?
Now, sir, since so many gentlemen have
spoken on this matter, and have assumed that
the States lately in rebellion are this day part
of the life, body, and soul of this country: it
seems strange to me that so few of them have
deemed it worth while to describe and define
to us what it was that constituted any one of
them a State, before it applied the torpedo of
secession to its own organization; and what
there is that now remains and can.be exhumed
from the rubbish of that explosion, by which
it may be identified and recognized, and by
which it is anchored to each of the others and
to the whole.
What, sir, is that king-bolt in each to which
the chain of legality fastens, by which all in
this great system are held in order, and so held
that there maybe a Union complete in its parts,
so that Epluribus unum maybe written upon
the whole V
What is that primal force from which springs
every power which issues and acts in our com-
plex and complicated system of free govern-
ment—that from which all constitutions and
ordinances, statutes, and charters, and every
species of legislative enactment, every judicial
determination and ever}' executive act derive
their force and power—which may b e described
in this our system of free government as the
omnifie force from which all exists, extends,
and acts?
It is this: consent makes the law. This is
a truth of constitutions, as of statutes, char-
ters, and contracts. According to our legal
principles we recognize no other foundation
