1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
tlie forces of the United States as quarters for
troops. In offering this petition I desire to
attract the attention of the Committee on
Claims to it. The members of this denomina-
tion, the Germans of this country, manifested
an unexampled fidelity to the Union* during
the progress of the war, and were most faithful
to it infill sections, and suffered great perse-
cution m the lines of the confederacy. These
persons now memorializing Congress are no
exception to the general rule. They have not
only lost the house in which they worshiped,
but they have been great sufferers from the
effects of the war individually. I hope the
Committee on Claims will give the memorial
of these excellent gentlemen and most faithful
citizens due consideration, and if it be possible,
that the relief they ask for may be granted. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Lizzie
A. Jones and Semantha Jones, representing
that they lost two brothers in the United States
service during the late war. upon whom they
were dependent for support, being totally
blind, and praying that tbey may be allowed
a pension : which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio in favor, of such a modifi-
cation of the laws now in force as shall clearly
leave subject to State taxation national cur-
rency and all other obligations and securities
of the United States not exempted from such
taxation by a subsisting contract with the hold-
ers thereof; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on finance.
Mr. BUCK ALE W presented a petition of
the American Slate Exchange, of Bethlehem,
Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction of the
tax on American slate and for an increase of
the duty on importations of foreign slate : which
wus i uferred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a memorial of the Board
of frade of Philadelphia, praying for an appro-
priation by Congress to secure a full display
of the products of our country at the Exposi*
(ion to be held at Paris, France, iu 1807; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Joseph
R. Morris, praying that the Commissioner of
Patents may be authorized to issue to him a
patent for a new and useful improvement in
furnaces ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of
James A. Paige and others, late chaplains in
the service of the Government, praying that the
commutation for fuel and quarters drawn by
them from June, 1802, to April, 18G3, inclusive,
may not be required to be refunded by them:
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. BROWN. I have received a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the contractors for build-
ing the Center market-house on Pennsylvania
avenue and Eighth street, inviting the atten-
tion of Congress to the subject, which I lay
before the Senate, and move to refer to the
Committee on the District of Columbia. It was
sent by mistake to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, of which I am chair-
man.
The motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise for a single moment,
sir, to a question of privilege. I find in the
G lobe oftliis morning that after I left the Senate
Chamber yesterday, pending a personal diffi-
culty forced upon me here, the Senator from
California [Mr. McDougall] went on with a
long statement of a grievance that he professed
to have against me dating as far back as 1852,
which he said was the cause of his attack, as I
understand the statement he made here. It
would tally prove at least that the Senator had
a good memory and held revenge better than
he holds some other things.
Without d\velli g upon this question, sir, I
will briefly say that he alludes to a nomination
of his, or a candidacy of his, for the House of
Representatives in 1852, before the Democratic
convention assembled at Benieia, in Califor-
nia, in that year; and he makes a long state-
ment, in regard to which I have no personal
knowledge, and most of which, I apprehend,
exists only in his own fancies and brain. But
he brings to my mind one material fact that I
desire to put on record; and for that purpose
I rise. I think it is more than probable that I
was a member of th^t convention and would
have supported him for Congress but that his
chief advocate, the man who put him in nom-
ination, was a notorious traitor, ex-Governor
Smith of Virginia, who was then in our State
for the express purpose of giving that State to
the South as an outlet for the future confed-
eracy. He aimed at political power there and!
was then laying its foundation, and the man
who was put forward in that convention by
Smith could not, under any circumstances,
secure then any vote of mine, for my purpose
in being a member of that convention was to
offer all the resistance that I could to the
schemes then in embryo and being developed
there for the attempt to establish a southern
confederacy at a later day, founded upon the
corner-stone of slavery. I remember very well
that I did reply to Smith in the convention, and
thereafter opposed the nomination that he put
forward, but that nominee was nominated and
elected, and was a member of the House of
Representatives in 1854, and, I believe, there
voted for the celebrated Kansas-Nebraska act,
which was a part of the beginning of the end.
That is all that I desire to say on the subject,
and I say it only that it may go as a part of
this record.
reports of committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred two
memoiials of brewers of the United States,
praj-ing for a reduction of the duty on barley-
imported from Canada and the British Prov-
inces in North America, so that it may not
exceed the sum of five cents per bushel, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance : which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Oliver
Holman, late additional paymaster in the Uni-
ted States Army, praying that he may be re-
lieved from all responsibility for money alleged
to have been stolen from him while acting as
paymaster at Boston, Massachusetts, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
alexander thompson.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (Ii. R. No. 102) for the relief of Alex-
ander Thompson, late United States consul at
Maranham, have had it under consideration, and
have directed me to report it back with a rec-
ommendation that it pass. I think business
would be facilitated if the Senate would act on
this joint resolution at once. It will take but
a minute.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department to adjust
and pay all proper accounts and claims of Alex-
ander Thompson for salary and services as con-
sul at Maranham, in Brazil, in as full and ample
a manner as if he had been a citizen of the Uni-
ted States while discharging the duties of the
office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 498) granting a pension to
Mrs. Joanna Winans;
A bill (H. R. No. 494) for the relief of
Martha J. Willey; and
A bill (H. R. No. 495) for the relief of Mary
A. Patrick.
The message also returned to the Senate, in
compliance with its request, the bill (II. R.
No. 458) granting a pension to Sarah E.
Pickell.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Ann
Heth, widow of William Heth, of Harrison
county, Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 241) directing the enrollment
of Agnes W. Laughlin, the widow of a deceased
soldier, rfs a pensioner;
A bill (S. No. 252) granting a pension to Mrs.
Sarah E. Wilson; and
A bill (S. No. 260) grantinga pension to Mrs.
Emerance Gouler.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills ; and they
were thereupon -signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 25) fortlie relief of Thomas
Hurly;
A bill (H. R. No. 184) to authorize the sale
of marine hospitals and of revenue-cutters ;
A bill (S. No. 241) directing the enrollment
of Agnes W. Laughlin, the widow of a de-
ceased soldier, as a pensioner ;
A bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Ann
Heth, widow of William Heth, of Harrison
county, Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 252) granting a pension to
Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson ; and
A bill (S. No. 200) granting a pension to
Mrs. Emerance Gouler.
saraii e. pickell.
Mr, JOHNSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (II. R. No. 458) grant-
ing a pension to Sarah E. Pickell was indefi-
nitely postponed on the 13th instant: and the
motion was entered.
patent office report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print ten thousand copies of the
annual Report of the Commissioner of the
Patent Office, to report it back with an amend-
ment ; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, as follows :
Eesolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate ten thousand copies of the annual lteport of
the Commissioner of the Patent Office for the year
1865.
The amendment of the committee was in line
two, to strike out ''ten" and insert "four;"
so as to read, "four thousand copies."
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to say a word in
regard to this amendment. It has been cus-
tomary, ever since I have been connected with
the public printing, to print ten thousand copies
of the annual Report of the Commissioner of
Patents. It is undoubtedly a book of very
great value, and if it is proper for the Govern-
ment to print any documents of this kind for
popular distribution, which is a question that
may well be considered, this is one of the most
valuable. It is the history of the int entire
genius of the country for the year that has gone
by. It not only disseminates among the people
a knowledge of what has been invented, but it
stimulates the public ingenuity iu all direc-
tions. Under ordinary circumstances of the
Treasury, the committee would not recom-
mend any reduction of the number to be
priuted, but'probably would recommend an
increased number, corresponding with the in-
crease of population and mechanical develop-
ment; but in the present condition of the
Treasury it ia deemed advisaole that the great-
