2840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
"Now, Mr. President, if it is right to change the
representation in the House of Representatives, that
is, to disturb the foundations of the Government so
as to readjust representation, and, as Senators claim,
to make it equal and just, why is it not equally right
to disturb the representation in tlie Senate? I know
very well the reply will be that the Constitution itself
forbids an amendment of that instrument in respect
to representation in the Senate; but, sir, the power
that made that provision can unmake it; the power
to amend the Constitution can reach that very pro-
vision and change the representation in the Senate.
I know it is said that representation in the Senate is
one of the Federal features of the government; but
that argument has lost its force when we are taught
in these latter times that State rights' are not to be
respected, and that all power is now in the Federal
Government. Suppose we undertake to make repre-
sentation in the'Senate equal, how would it stand?
The six New England States, with a population of
3,135,253, have twelve Senators in this body, while the
six great agricultural States ot the W est—Indiana,
Ohio, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, and Missouri—hare
a population of 8,414,525, with a representation of
twelve Senators. With nearly three times the pop-
ulation of New England, we have the same repre-
sentation. If those States have this advantage in
this body,is it fair to try to cutoff tho representation
of agriculture in the other end of this Capitol ? While
Indiana has a population of 1,350,428, Rhode Island
—a glorious, gallant little State—has a population of
174,620. So far as representation in the Senate is con-
cerned, one man in Rhode Island has a voice and
power in the legislation of this country equal to eight
men in Indiana. Taking the entire New England
States, one man in New England has the voice and
power in legislation in the Senate of nearly three men
in tho West. Is that right, is that just, when you
are talking about equality of representation? I do
not want to change that feature in ounGovernment.
I wish to stand by the State representation as our
fathers established it. I do not want to take any of
the political power from Sew England that our fathers
agreed she might have. I will stand by their repre-
sentation as firmly as they will, but I do not like that
they shall ask to reduce the representation of the
West and Southwest."
Mr. President, I am aware of the plausible
argument that by the results of the war the
slaves have been made free, and as the Consti-
tution now stands will all be counted, and thus
by the rebellion the representation of the South,
so far as it rests upon the colored population,
will be increased two fifths. Perhaps a suffi-
cient answer is found in the fact that the slaves
were not made free by the voice of the South,
but by the constitutional amendment which
was demanded by the North; and that the
North cannot well complain of a consequence
of her own act. But, sir, in any view, is this
a sufficient reason why we should not only deny
to the southern States the increased representa-
tion causcd by the freedom of the slaves, but
also take from them the three fifths representa-
tion which they have always enjoyed under the
Constitution? But, sir, if you will amend the
Constitution at this most unfortunate time, and
while the States most to be affected are unrep-
resented, I will mrfet you upon a ground you
cannotquestion, and will propose thatthe south-
ern States shall have no increase of representa-
tion by reason of the freedom of the slaves;
and to that end f offer the following amend-
ment, so that the section shall read;
Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may bo included within the
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State, exclud-
ing Indians not taxed, and excluding, also, two fifths
of such persons as have been discharged from invol-
untary service by any proclamation of the President
of the United Stntesor by the amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States since the year 1861, and
to whom the elective franchise may be denied.
If, now, Ihe objection is made in good faith
that the evil you would avoid is the increase of
southern representation by the freedom of the
slaves, then this amendment is agreeable to you
and will be accepted. But it will not be ac-
cepted if the purpose really is to reduce the
representation of the agricultural sections and
thus relatively increase the power of the manu-
facturing interests, and perpetuate a policy that
enriches the capital of one section and bears
heavily upon the capital and labor of another.
For five years no opportunity has been lost to
build up the interests of the eastern States.
"With that end in view tariff and internal tax
laws and drafts have been adjusted, and bank-
ing capital distributed; so that now almost
every i nvestment of capital in that s.ection yields j
from fifteen to one hundred per'cent, profit, '
while in Indiana and Illinois the bushel of i
corn that ought to be worth to the farmer fifty j
cents, being manufactured into whisky is taxed 1
eight dollars; the bushel yielding four gallons.
Mr.- President. I rejoice in the prosperity of
any section when it is the result of legitimate
trade, under equal laws, for then it is the pros-
perity of the whole country; but 1 call upon
western Senators to hesitate before they sur-
render a representation that is a reliable sup-
port to our great interest, agriculture.
The third section provides that no person
shall ever hold any office under the United
States, or under any State, who, having at any-
time taken the oath prescribed by the Consti-
tution as an officer of the'United States'or of
any State, shall engage in rebellion or give aid
and comfort to the public enemies. The propo-
sition to exempt from the operations of the
section -those who against their will were com-
pelled to participate in the rebellion, was voted
down ; and the section now stands excluding
from all offices every person of the described
class who either voluntarily or involuntarily
uecame connected with the rebellion; and that,
too, notwithstanding the party may be under
the shield of the President's pardon. This
harsh and sweeping measure will include many
excellent men whose services now in the work
of reconciliation would be of the greatest value
to the country — men who displayed heroie
courage in standing out against the secession
movement, but who afterward yielded obe-
dience to and served the established govern-
ment de facto. This measure is in the spirit
that pursued the supporters of Cromwell and
the Parliament after the' Restoration. It is in
the spirit of vengeance after men are beaten and
have surrendered, and cannot bring a blessing
to our country. Senators say that the measure
is not penal in its character. Why not? When
pardoned are not these men eligible to State
and Federal offices? And do you not propose
to strip them of their eligibility because of their
crime ? I suppose the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] by referring to the criminal
code of his own State will find it prescribed as
a punishment for crime that parties shall be
'1 disfranchised and rendered incapable of hold-
ing any office of trust or profit." That is as
much a punishment as the fine or the imprison-
ment, and is found in the criminal codes of
many of the States. It is a penalty when the
court and jury strip the accused of his right to
hold office. What is it, then, when done by
Congress?
Tho Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Wil-
ley] says that it is a measure of safety for the
future—a precaution. So the judge tells the
convicted criminal the law esteems him unfit
to hold office, and as a precaution the right is
taken from him. As a penalty for crime this
measure is ex posi facto; and if it were a meas-
ure of ordinary legislation would therefore be
unconstitutional. Mr. President, do you think
there will enough good come of this to justify
us in departing from the principle which is
found in tho Constitution of the United States
and of every State in the Union, that a man
shall be punished only according to the law in
force at the time the act is done?
The fourth section provides that the public
debt shall remain inviolate. Who has asked
us to change the Constitution for the benefit
of the bond-holders? Are they so much more
meritorious than all other classes that they
must be specially provided for in the Consti-
tution? Or, indeed, do we distrust ourselves,
and fear that we will all become repudiators?
A provision like this, I should think, would
excite distrust, and cast a shade on public
credit. But perhaps the real purpose is so to
hedge in the bond-holders by constitutional
provision as that they never may be taxed;
that Congress can never assent to their taxa-
tion, and so that three billions of capital may
bear no portion of the public burdens. Such
would be the effect of this amendment. Who
has attacked public credit, or questions the
obligation to pay the public debt? Are the
bond-holders not receiving their interest,
even in advance, and in gold? Why then do
they ask this extraordinary guarantee? They
trusted the good faith of the people, and there
is no breach of that faith. When things en-
tirely unusual are asked, it is well for the peo-
ple to inquire, why it is, what is tho purpose,
and how far will it carry us? The proiision
about bounties and pensions is hut a blind.
The man who wrote the section knew that
pensions and bounties need no guarantee; that
their payment is secured not only by law, hut
there is also the pledge of the honor and the
hearts of the people.
Mr. President, I stand by the public credit,
which is public honor and individual safety.
But, sir,' how shall we uphold our credit and
secure our creditors? By just laws, by equal
taxation, by distributing equally over the en-
tire nation the burdens of Government, that
they may rest upon the shoulders of all sec-
tions and interests. Then there will be no
discontent, no grumbling, but a satisfied peo-
ple, in their strength, will carry every obliga-
tion of the Government until discharged, and
public credit will then be as firm as the solid
foundations of this Capitol.
The fifth section declares the debt's contracted
in aid of the rebellion illegal, and prohibits
their payment. Mr. President, who is so stu-
pid as to have supposed these debts legal, or
that they had any valid existence for one hour
after the de facto government of the confeder-
ate States ceased to exist? Who is so silly as
to fear their payment? It was amusing to
observe that the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] in making an argument for this sec-
tion, showed that it was wholly unnecessary,
for he read one of the confederate notes, and
upon its face it appeared that it was not to be-
come due and payable until six months after
the independence of the confederate States
should be recognized by the United States.
Will that note now in the Senator's pocket ever
become due? The Senatorlaughed at the sug-
gestion. The debtor has ceased to exist; the
debt, according to its awn provisions, can never
become due, and each of the southern States
has by constitutional provision repudiated it
and prohibited tho payment of any portion
thereof. If there ever was a defunct and buried
debt, without legal or moral force, the recog-
nition and payment of which is in every way
impossible, it is the debt, the continued exist-
ence of which it is now proposed to recognize
by a prohibition of payment in the Constitu-
tion. The least that may be said of this sec-
tion is that it would be harmless, but I would
regret to see the face of the Constitution marred
by a provision so unnecessary and trifling.
The sixth and last section provides that Con-
gress shall have power to enforce, by appro-
priate legislation, the provisions of the article.
When these words were used in the amendment
abolishing slavery they were thought to be
harmless, but during this session there has
been claimed for them such force and scope
of meaning as that Congress might, invade the
jurisdiction of the States, rob them of their
reserved rights, and crown the Federal Gov-
ernmentwith absolute and despotic power. As
construed this provision is most dangerous.
Without it the Constitution possesses the vital-
ity and vigor for its own enforcement through
the appropriate departments.
Mr. President, I have now briefly examined
the provisions of this article, and cannot resist
the_ conviction that some of them arc useless,
while others are vicious and dangerous. Nor
can I resist the conviction that this measure is
pressed, not because of an exigency in our
affairs, but to carry out a party programme.
The President has his policy. You oppose
him. You charge him with usurpation, while
at the same time you are straining every brace
and timber in tho Constitution to sccnre to
yourselves absolute control; indeed, you reach
out beyond the Constitution, and by amend-
ment— a proceeding to be resorted to only
upon rare and solemn occasions—you grasp
after, and, with the avidity of hunger, clutch
power. Why this reaching after power on
your part ? Is it not enough that for five years
you have held all the offices of tho country,
and through the favoritism of the Departments
