mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
for any law whatever. There is no Id^of any
country claiming to be free, whether. it be a
monarchy or a republic, which can claim, or
does claim, a foundation on any other prin-
ciple. We have this principle as the founda-
tion of our Government. To deny it is to deny
that free government is possible; it is such a
denial that it cannot be named without the total
abnegation of free, orderly, and rational con-
stitutional government, according to our insti-
tutions.
Now, sir, when you apply this principle to
the compact of Union as you apply it to a con-
tract between partners or in any other case
known at law or equity, you find that the
whole compact of this Union is based.npon
and lodged in the common consent and dis-
posing power of this people.
If these views are correct, you find that each
of the original thirteen States of this Union
derives its being from the conscnt of the whole,
as witnessed by the Constitution of the United
States; and its existence from its own particular
organization, created and thenceforth in action
and operation, by means of powers lodged in
official hands, which thus preserve and carry
on its functions.
These arc subordinate to the General Gov-
ernment in all things in which the latter is su-
preme ; concurrent, in all tilings, if any, which
are common ; independent in all things not in-
volved in the people's grant of power to this
General Government, and in agreement with
it in all things whatsoever. The same princi-
ples apply to the States admitted into the Union
sinee the establishment of (he Federal Consti-
tution. They have their being in the original
consent,, according to the manner contemplated
and provided for in the original Constitution,
which consent is witnessed m each particular
case by the enabling and admitting acts of Con-
gress. They have their existence from their
own State organisation continually acting by
means of like official powers placed in oflicial
hands, and with like subordination, equality,
independence, and agreement with the whole
and with each other, as in the case of the ori-
ginal thirteen.
The rights of a State thus created in the Union
as a State of this Union are rights accruing to
itself from the Union and'from its parts. It can
forfeit these because they are founded in com-
pact, and because all rights which are founded
m compact are necessarily forfeited by the vio-
lation of the terms of the consent in which they
rise. It is of the nature of a compact, that vio-
lation of its terms is inseparable from forfeiture
of the benefits accruing out of it, to either or
any of the parties.
The States in the Federal Union being formed
by virtue of a compact wherein was necessary
the consent of the whole people and States, are
continually operating according to that conscnt
under the powers of the Constitution which carry
forward their legal life and make it perpetual.
But when they operate according to the terms of
that conscnt, with the rights which that consent
affords, they find themselves bound by this prin-
ciple. which is part and parcel of every right in
existence on the earth, that a violation of the
consent ill which the right springs is the for-
feiture of the right, and this is the security
that the right carries with it, and is the only
one which any right carries with it by its own
force. Take whatever penalty there may be
attached by statute or by common law to the
violation of any law or of any right whatsoever;
there is not one which the right carries with
itself except this, that mutuality being the es-
sence of the compact, and necessary to make
it exist at all; violation of the terms crcates
forfeiture according to the case, against which-
ever party may violate it.
Now, sir, a State in and of the Union has no
other shitui than that, of a party in a compact
—to that compact all its powers are to be re-
ferred. It drew its origin from the common
consent, when that power, creative of law, ar-
ranged and ordered the machinery of the Fed-
eral Government. How can it be claimed that
this compact which confers existence upon these
States differs in its principles from any other
eompsict known among men? Is consent a
different thing, when-it sanctions a bargain and
sale, or a covenant to do or not to do a particu-
lar thing, from consent when it sanctions a
eompact creating a Stdte, or admitting a State
to a Union of such, or admitting new members
thereafter ? What is there in consent which is
not one and the same ? It operates forever in
the same essential mode: and though the con-
tract may be different, the consent which forms
it, and which binds the rights which flow from
it and the obligations which follow, is in each
and all the same in its very essence.
Gentlemen tell us that the State of Alabama
could forfeit the right to the lands which it re-
ceived from the Federal Government, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Mobile to
the Ohio river, by violating the terms of the
consent by which she acquired them. But her
right to be the State of Alabama, and thereby
impose her will npon the other States by assist-
ing in the formation of additional State govern-
ments, by joining in amendments to the Con-
stitution, by joining in the enactments of stat-
utes, by joining in the clect,ion of President,
and by all acts the power to do which vests in a
State—her right to db these she can exercise
and enjoy in spite of violation, secession, con-
federation, and war. Upon what principle are
wc to be told to-day that this compact by which
these States were formed is the only compact
known among men at law or in equity, under
ally system or code, American, English, or con-
tinental, ancient or modem, that docs not of
itself carrv with it a forfeiture of the rights
accruing from it in case of a violation of its
terms?
I would like to know—and as I once pro-
pounded the question to the gentleman from
Kentucky, fMr. Smith,] I would here propound
it again to the gentlemen who are maintaining,
as one of the fundamental principles of their
action, that these States are m the Union in full
power and competency—I would like to sug-
gest to them agaia, what if their own State
should be greatly interested in a matter about
which there was a pending amendment to the
Constitution of the United States 
Mr. SMITH. I suppose the gentleman wants
to call me out, else he .would not have alluded
to me. I understand the gentleman to say that
it requires two parties to make a contract, and
that in the great compact of Government there
are two parties, namely, the national Govern-
ment, and the State government. Now, I assert
as a principle of law, that when a contract is
made either party has a right to compel the
other to comply with that contract. That will
not be denied. Now, then, after the accession
of Alabama to the Government of the United
States as part and parcel of the Union, that
State could not go out of the Union without the
conscnt of the Government: and the Govern-
ment has the right to force Alabama to comply
with all the stipulations of the original contract.
There never was at any time, under any cir-
cumstances, a consent, directly or indirectly,
upon the part of the Government of the United
States to the secession of the State of Alabama.
The act of secession was an insurrectionary
movement on her part, not by the consent of
the whole people within the State. Therefore
I assert, as 1 have heretofore, that Alabama
remains in the Union, and that she is a part
and parcel of the Confederation which gave us
the Constitution of the Union under which we
now live ; that as soon as tlic General Govern-
ment by force, with law and equity on its side,
suppressed the insurrection that existed in Ala-
bama, that very moment the State resumed its
position in the Union as it existed before, and
that so far as a part of the people were con-
cerned the contract was not violated.
Mr. BROMWELL. _ Mr. Speaker, I have
this objection to the idea entertained by the
gentleman from Kentucky, that it puts viola-
tion in the placc of dissolution, and dissent in
the place of consent.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will allow
me, I would like to ask him if he admits at
this time, and in his place as a m ember of Con-
ress, that these States, by the act of secession,
.are committed dissolution. That is to say, has
the Union been dissolved by their act?
Mr. BROMWELL. I will try to make it
as plain as I can. I think the gentleman mis-
understood me.
Mr. SMITH. I do not misunderstand disso-
lution. -
Mr. BROMWELL. X did not allude to the
dissolution of a State.
Mr. SMITII. Of course a State cannot dis-
solve.
Mr. BROMWELL. This is my idea, that a
compact once formed, exists by legal vitality,
and that that vitality is of such a nature that
it derives its essence from the conscnt of the
contracting parties; that to violate that com-
pact is the province of one, but to dissolve it
requires the whole. Therefore, the Federal
Union once launched under the compact of its
organization could not be dissolved except by
the unanimous consent of every State by a ma-
jority of its people, or else by the consent of a
part in a manner first provided for and directed
in the Constitution at its original formation.
But he that talks about one State dissolving
this Union is putting dissolution in the place of
violation, and dissent in place of consent; for
secession is an assertion that dissent makes and
unmakes the law, which under our institutions
is not possible. I do not contend for that. I
contend that one State may violate the Consti-
tution, but it lakes all of them to dissolve it.
If the gentleman from Kentucky, myself, and
others were in partnership for the purpose of
carrying on a mercantile business, every man
can see that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Smith] could not dissolve that compact, and
make it no longer binding on himself. But he
can violate it, and 1 cannot go into court against
him unless I aver that he has violated it. That
is the ground of the judgment of a court, that
a violation has taken place. And what says the
court? The court says, a violation being proven,
the party violating has no longer a right, to ask
for a single thing under and by virtue of the
compact which he has trodden under foot.
Now, sir, when I say that a partner is in that
condition, I mean the same as when I say that
the State of Alabama, for instance, has vio-
lated the political compact; and, therefore, she
cannot come in court and demand as a right
that she shall sit here and help give laws to the
States of Kentucky and Illinois: yet the remain-
der of the partners can bring her to the bar to
render satisfaction according to the principles
of justice and good conscience, and the interests
of the Republic ; for a-willful violation whereby
she brought upon this country the untold hor-
rors of this dreadful war.
Mr. SMITH. Now, Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman will allow me, I would ask him if a por-
tion only of the partnership should be guilty of
this wrong of which he complains, would ho
hold the others who are not guilty to the same
responsibility?
Mr. BROMWELL. That is a question not
entirely pertinent to the question, whether the
one who has been guilty has forfeited his rights
or not.
Mr. SMITH. If he proves his innocence in
court, I shouldlike to know if the gentleman
would punish him?
Mr. BROMWELL. Whenever a party stands
innocent before the law he is entitled to all the
rights which flow out of the contract under
consideration.
Mr. SMITII. Then I should like to know
if the thirty thousand men in Tennessee who
have adhered to the Union and fought for it
are not entitled to representation on the floor
of Congress?
Mr. BROMWELL. If the thirty thousand
men in Tennessee constitute a State in the
Union, then the Constitution says that such
State, being just before the law and not in vio-
lation of it, shall have at least one Represent-
ative. But, sir, do the thirty thousand men
scattered here and there amid a multitude con-
stitute a State ? Is not a State a corporation ?
