3000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
without greater expense—I do not say equal
expense, but without greater expense—to the
companies building them than draw-bridges,
and with less obstruction to navigation, then
no draw-bridge shall be commenced or con-
structed under this act.
Is not that as fair as could be asked by the
companies ? What else can the railroad com-
panies of this country ask? If lliey can put
elevated bridges there without greater cost than
these low bridges, and they arc no greater ob-
struction to navigation, why, I ask, shall they
not put up elevated bridges? If the Senate
vote down that proposition, I understand the
Senate to say that they are not consulting even
the interests of the railroad companies, but
that they intend to block up that river and to
obstruct its navigation, whether it costs the
railroad companies any more money or not;
that, irrespective and regardless of the best
interests of navigation, or oven the interests of
the railroad companies themselves, they will
put structures there that will in all time clog
and hinder navigation upon that stream.
If they can build these elevated bridges—
and all the navigation interest say so—with no
more than equal expense to themselves, and
they are no greater obstruction to navigation,
then in the name of sense why not do it-V Who
is ready to go on with a low bridgo this sum-
mer ? We shall meet again in the course of a
few months. Ournavigationinterests are clam-
oring against it. None of you would vote to
clog up the navigable streams between the
great lakes. None of you would put such a
bridge across them. Then why do you do it
•on the Mississippi river?
Mr. President, I say that this act ought not
to be done, and I appeal to the Senate, at least
if they are determined to pass the bill, to say
that if the railroad companies can build elevated
bridges without greater expense to themselves
and without greater obstruction to the naviga-
tion of the river, they sjiall bo required to do it.
Is there anything unjust in that? Surely not.
If this amendment is voted down I shall for-
ever hereafter understand that the Senate have
intentionally obstructed the navigation of this
stream, that they so design, for the benefit of
the railroad companies of the country, or for
the purpose of changing the eoursc of trade
and business.
Mr. YATJiS. I have but a very few words
to say on this subject. I am somewhat sur-
prised at the course taken by the Senator from
Missouri; indeed his position is a very strange
one. I live in a State bordering upon the
Mississippi; the Mississippi runs some four
hundred miles, if 1 mistake not, along its bor-
der. I represent an agricultural State, per-
haps one of the greatest agricultural States.
We are very much interested in the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi. There are thirteen
States upon the banks of the Mississippi which
are interested in the navigation of the river,
containing ten million people with all their
commerce. We propose not to obstruct the
navigation of the Mississippi by any means
whatever. We believe that the people of this
country can enjoy not only the navigation of
the Mississippi but also can have railroad trans-
portation and railroad facilities. Why, sir,'
the transportation, the travel, the freight by
railroad is incalculably more than that down
the Mississippi river. The travel and trade
of this country are not North and South; they
are East and West. Railroads from all over
the eastern States cross the Mississippi at vari-
ous points, doing an immense trade, carrying
on an immense travel. Railroads are the
highways of the people nowadays; we travel by
them almost altogether. It is no use at this
late day to try and make water transportation
rival transportation by railroad.
Wo are not proposing to obstruct the navi-
gation of the Mississippi, but this trade and
travel must have an outlet West. The people
of northern Missouri must have an outlet to
the East and they must have an outlet from
the West. The people of the Slate of Illinois
must have the same facilities. The people of
the whole land are interested in the construc-
tion of these bridges. The amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri is simply to postpone
and retard progress in the right direction. I
would not object to his amendment, but would
let his amendment be adopted, if it were not
applicable to the construction of the present
bridges authorized by the bill. Let him have
his investigation in regard to his submarine
bridges ; but the commerce and trade of this
country now demand some means of crossing
the Mississippi river. Why, sir, look at the
obstructions there are now in getting across
the Mississippi river from the various points
where railroads terminate on the East and on
the West, the obstructions which are occasioned
by having to ferry that river. At some seasons
of the year it cannot be ferried ; the water is
either too lotf or the river is frozen over.
Must all this trade, must all this commerce,
must all these highways of the people be stopped
simply to gratify interests which are immediately
situated upon the line of the river? The peo-
ple of Quincy, the people of Burlington, the
people living in the cities along the Mississippi
river, Hannibal, Palmyra, and all those points,
are just as much interested in the construction
of these bridges as they are in the navigation
of the Mississippi river. They are equally inter-
ested in each.
We propose not to obstruct the Mississippi
river in any particular whatever. I admit,
with the Senatorfrom Missouri, thatwe should
not obstruct the Mississippi river, but I do not1
admit that because these railroads are pros-
ecuted by private capital therefore the rail-
road companies will necessarily build defective
bridges. Bridges have been constructed all
over the United States by private enterprise
and private capital. If men are here from
various parts of the West or the East, from
St. Louis, or elsewhere, to try to lobby meas-
ures through Congress, how can we help it?
Men must come here to present their applica-
tions before Congress, to explain their prop-
ositions, and have them understood.
It is necessary now that these bridges should
be constructed to meet the demands -of com-
merce; to meet the requirements of business,
of trade, and of travel now. We cannot wait
for the investigations that are proposed by the
Senator from Missouri. I hope his amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask for the yeas and
navs on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, Doolittlc,
Toster, Gutliiic, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana., Sherman, Sprasue, Van Winkle, and
Wilier—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Clark,Conness,
Grimes, Howard, Kirkwood, McDougall, Morgan,
Ncsuiith. Norton, Nye, Poland. Pomeroy, Riddle,
Sumner. Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Hendricks, Howe, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stewart,Wade,
Williams, and Wright—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. .The question
is on concurring in the amendments of the
House of Representatives as amended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move to amend
by adding at the end of the seventh section of
the House amendments these words:
And it is hereby further provided that no draw-
bridge shall be constructed or commenced under the
pro vis ion-: of this act before thclst day of March, 1867.
The elfect of this amendment will be to de-
lay the construction of these draw-bridges until
we can get a report from this commission. I
appeal to the Senate once more not to force
upon us on the Mississippi river the construc-
tion of these bridges. I do think, and I make
this as a last appeal, that it is an infliction
which ought not to bo made by Congress.
There is no necessity for the immediate con-
struction of these draw-bridges. Nobody is
ready to go on with the work, and even if the
companies were ready the river is too high for
them to progress with it. We have provided for
the appointment of a commission to go there
and examine the river. Suppose that commis-
sion should report that these draw-bridges ought
not to be constructed, but that elevated bridges,
in the language of the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Guthrie] the other day, are the best for
the railroads and the best for the river. Why
not adjourn the matter until we can hear from
that board? Immediately after we convene at
the next session Congress can take the subject
up and go on ; or in fact if this amendment be
adopted, and no further legislation is had, of
course, after the 1st of March next, the com-
panies can proceed with the construction of
these draw-bridges. But I do not desire par-
ties to come in here at the beginning of the
next session of Congress, when we propose to
repeal this bill, after the board shall have said
that these bridges ought not to be constructed,
and tell us that they have expended large sums
of money, and that if we repeal the law it will
ruin them, and they must be compensated for
the damages to which we subject them by the
repeal of the law. I want to avoid that diffi-
culty.
I appeal to Senators, and ask them if it is
possible, were all the States in the Union rep-
resented here to-day, that any such bill as
this could be passed. Do they believe this
low-bridge bill could be passed provided the
southern States were represented on this floor?
Senators know that if Tennessee and Arkansas
and two or three other States lying below them
on the Mississippi river were represented here
no such bridge bill as this could be passed; and
why? Because they would understand the ne-
cessities of the commerce of the river. Sen-
ators must not misunderstand my argument on
this point. It is a legitimate and proper argu-
ment. This is a great thoroughfare. It is one
that passes, as the Senator from Illinois said,
through many States. We ought not now, for
the first time in the history of this Government,
to go on to build bridges upon our own judgment
of what is right and proper. We know noth-
ing about the construction of bridges. If we
do, there was no necessity for our directing the
Secretary of War to send a commission there
to examine the subject. What did you send
them for? If we are to be the judges, what
the necessity of sending a board to examine ?
If we know better than we will know after they
have reported, why send them ? Why provide
for a report by them and yet go on and con-
struct the bridges ?
There is no intent on my part to stop the
construction of bridges, as was intimated by
the Senatorfrom Illinois. If iron submerged
bridges can be built, they are infinitely better,
and it answers the objection made by the rail-
road companies that if we require them to go
over elevated bridges their depots must be
on high ground and they cannot get down to
the surface of the water in order to put part
of their freight on board of steamboats. Of
course iron submerged bridges can be built so
as to enable them to come to the surface of the
water. But I undertake to say, and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky demonstrated the other
day beyond any doubt, that the elevated bridge
is preferable to a draw-bridge both for the rail-
road interest and for the navigation interest.
That Senator is a practical railroad man with
large experience on this subject; and referring
to the bridge at Nashville on his road he said
that if he had to build it over again he would
make it an elevated bridge as preferable for
the railroad company and preferable for the
navigation interest.
This amendment will not prevent the con-
struction of any other sort of bridges across
the Mississippi river except these low bridges
twelve feet above the surface of the water. You
are proposing by this bill to construct seven
of those bridges across this river. I appeal to
the Senate once more, by all means to post-
pone at least the construction of this character
of bridge until we can hear from this commis-
sion.
1 alluded to the representation of the south-
ern States. If the southern States are repre-
sented again in the Congress of the United
States, if these bridges are put across the river,
