1866.
THE CONGKESS403SSAL GLOBS
your partisans and followers have grown rich
and powerful ? Or is it so sweet to govern men
that the possession of power is indispensable
to your happiness ? Upon what fact may you
charge the President with usurpation? When
he came into office he found eleven great States
and eight million people under his absolute
sway and government. His authority was as
absolute and supreme as is that of the Czar of
Russia over his extended dominions. The
persons and property of the people were under
his control. In his hands there seemed to be
the issues of life and death. Did he like you
clutch this power and seek to extend it? Did
he say it is sweet to govern. No, Senators;
laying down absolute power, he said to the
people, '' Place your States again in practical
relations with the United States,, and govern
yourselves ; I will be the President, exercis-
ing only those powers with which the Consti-
tution has clothed me.'' I submit to the candid
judgment of men if this was not an exhibition
of sublime and heroic devotion to principle
and renunciation of power ? And when you
handed him the Frcedmcn's Bureau bill, and
authorized him to appoint an army of office-
holders to fill the whole country with his par-
tisans, when you offered to give him a patron-
age such as no man had ever before held, he
refused it all ; but in accordance with his con-
victions of duty vetoed the bill. Twice he
refused the crown of power, not, like Cassar,
pushing it gently from him with the back of
his hand, but firmly and in the face of most
formidable opposition. The position of the
President and those who support his Adminis-
tration upon the great question now agitating
the eountry is so well and accurately ex-
pressed by an eloquent friend, that I will bor-
row his words:
"1. That no State has the legal right to sever its
connection with the Federal Oovcrnuiont.
"2. Failing in such an attempt they remain in their
ancient places, fixed, immovable, and shorn of none
of their attributes as States.
"3. The right to immediate representation in Con-
gress as living, lawful, and legitimate members of the
Government.
"4. That the American Union is restored, andstands
unbroken, without ilaw or blemish, and with domes-
tie tranquillity in all her borders in the presence of
the nations of the earth."
'Mr. President, upon this great question of a
restored Union we go to the country. The
Army has done all its work, there is nothing
more for it to do, and the sons of the Repub-
lic have returned to their homes. All oppo-
sition to the authority of the Government of
the United States has ceased, and peace reigns
throughout our borders. Shall the Union in
all respects stand restored, and we be again
a united and powerful people? Shall trade
and commerce return again to their ancient
channels, and prosperity attend all the pur-
suits of the people? You may throw your-
selves across the pathway of the people, and
by shouting copperhead and sympathizer hope
to frighten the timid, but you will not bo able
to cheek or turn tliem in their onward progress,
because they now follow a banner upon which
is written in letters of light " reconciliation
and Union."
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan to insert
an additional section as section four.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of Mr. Howard was
in section [four] five, line forty-six, to strike
out the word "already" before the word
"incurred;" in line forty-seven to strike out
the words "or which may hereafter be in-
curred;" in line forty-eight to strike out the
words " of war" and insert the word "rebel-
lion in line forty-nine to strike out the words
"loss of involuntary service or labor" and to
insert " the loss or emancipation of any slave;
but all such debts, obligations, and claims shall
be forever held illegal and void;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. [-1] 5. Neither the United States nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred
in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or any claim for compensation for the loss or
emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obli-
gations, and claims shall be forever held illegal and
void.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not notice that
the fourth section was agreed to. .Was it
agreed to ?
-Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I shall move a
reconsideration, as I propose to offer an amend-
ment to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment to the [fourth] fifth section, in line forty-
nine, By striking out the words "for com-
pensation for" and inserting the words "on
account of," so as to prevent the repetition of
the word " for."
Mr. HARRIS. I do not see that that im-
proves it at all. I think it is quite well enough
as it is. I would not change it.
Mr. HOWARD. The object is merely to
prevent the repetition of the word "for." It
now reads, "any claim for compensation for
the loss," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will make better
phraseology.
Mr. HOWARD. I propose simply to make
it read, " or any claim on account of the loss
or emancipation of any slave." It makes it
more harmonious.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. There is one other amend-
ment that escaped my attention. In line thirty
the word "that," at the beginning of section
three, should be stricken out. It is entirely
superfluous. The section will then read:
No person shall be a Senator or ^Representative in
Congress, or elector, &c.
The PRESIDING; OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection,
being a verbal amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little ob-
scurity, or, at any rate, the expression in sec-
tion four might be construed to go further than
was intended, and I have rather come to the
conclusion that it was best to put sections four
and five in one single section; and I ask the
Chair, as section four has been adopted and
also the amendments to section five, if it will
be at any time in order to strike out both and
insert a substitute for the two sections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
It is in order now, in the,opinion of the Chair,
to strike out those sections and insert a substi-
tute, and it will also be in order when the joint
resolution is reported to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But section four has
been agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
agreed to, but it will be in order to strike that
out with something else, and insert a substi-
tute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theseamendments will
come up in the Senate in their regular order, as
I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will omit offering
my amendment, then, until the resolution is
reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All the
amendments proposed by the Senator from
Michigan have now been disposed of.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I offer the following
amendment to come in as a new section:
Sec.—. Every person not mentioned or described
in section three of this article who shallhave engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the United States
and against whom no prosecution for treason has
been instituted before the expiration of years
from the termination or suppression of such insur-
rection or rebellion, who shall thereafter before a
court of record make oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, shall thereupon be forever
acquitted and discharged of and from all pains, pen-
alties, liabilities,disabilities, and disqualifieationsin-
curred under the Constitution or laws of the United
States, or of any State, by participation in such insur-
rection or rebellion, and if previously a citizen of the
United Sta.tes shall be thereby restored to all rights,
privileges, and immunities of citizenship. But noth-
ing in this scction contained shall prevent the Con-
gress passing a general or special act of amnesty as to
any or all persons included in its provisions before
the expiration of the said years.
I do not propose, Mr. President, to detain
the Senate for a .moment.by advocating the ■
provisions of this amendment. If they do
not commend themselves )to Senators I am
sure that nothing I could say would help the-
case. The object is easily perceived. It is,
if we can, to make a finality of this matter;,
that while we have excluded certain, persons .
from representation and from participation in
the Government, the large class of persons .
who will still remain shall at some time—and
I have left the number of years blank—be
released .from the pains and penalties they
have incurred, or are supposed to have in-,
curred, for it is exceedingly doubtful, I pre-
sume, what disabilities the mere fact of having
engaged in the rebellion imposed upon them
without a trial and conviction of treason. I
have framed the amendment with, a view, of
course, as it is proposed to go into the Con-
stitution, of applying to the future as well as
to the present case ; and I think if our atten-
tion could be drawn to this point, and all the
amendments that are proposed here were con-
sidered in that light, we should be more able
to separate ourselves from the feelings and
prejudices of the moment and to act under-
standingly upon the subjcct.
I propose by this amendment that all those
persons who are not embraced in the third
section, which section, I take it, will include
the most of those who were the instigators
and fomenters of the rebellion, and all against
whom no prosecution for treason shall be com-
menced within a certain number of years, shall
upon the expiration of that time, by taking an
oath thereafter to support the Constitution, in
the usual form, be exonerated from all pains
and penalties in consequence of their action.
I need not say that there is something due to
these people, even when their delinquency is
fully admitted. They are now m a situation
where they know not what will be their future,
and I think it is due to the business of the
country and to the more early resumption of
the former friendly relations that existed be-
tween us and the people of those States, that
something of this nature should at this tinio
and in this connection be ingrafted upon the
Constitution, or should accompany the sec-
tion which excludes certain descriptions of
persons.
I trust, sir, at any rate, that this amendment,
or the spirit of it—for I am not anxious about
the words—may receive such consideration
from the Senators in the majority as will in-
duce them to give it a fair hearing. It is offered
in good faith. I have not shown it or named
it to a single person. If there is any responsi-
bility attending it, it is wholly my own. I am
certain, from my own knowledge and from the
interviews I have had with many of the south-
ern people since I have been here, and from
my knowledge and interviews with such per-
sons in my own State, that it is more impor-
tant to them that some time should be fixed
when their disabilities shall terminate than that
the time should bo either early or late. I have
left in blank the time to be fixed. If it was an
open question, if it related only to tile future,
I should be inclined to fix the time at not ex-
ceeding three years; but taking into consider-
ation the circumstances under which wc are
placed it may be fixed at a longer period if
sucli be the judgment of the Senate. I do not
know, at this moment, at what time this rebel-
lion terminated or was suppressed in a legal
point of view. I know that, in case of foreign
war peace is generally made by treaty, and that
treaty is not in force until it is proclaimed to
be in force by the President, and by that treaty
notice is generally given where and when hos-
tilities shall cease; that is to say,, in reference
to vessels that are in foreign seas and in dif-
ferent parts of the world. There has been, I
believe, a proclamation by the President, in
which he stated that the rebellion was at an
end, but the State of Texas was omitted from
that category. Whether that would be the
proper time to fix as the time when the war or
rebellion terminated or was suppressed I can-
not say, but I think that this is an endeavor,
