1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. BROMWELL. I am coming to that.
The case is complicated, and I must treat cach
point in its order.
I say that legal vitality is such that it admits
of no degrees. It either is or is not anything;
you cannot impair it without annihilation; for
it is essential that it shall exist as an entirety,
as a simple, and not otherwise. Now, the rights
of the State of Alabama in and of this Union
exist by a legal vitality, and not by any other.
To impair that vitality is to annihilate it. There-
fore, whenever it is admitted 011 this floor that
that vitality is impaired, that is the end of such'
vitality. Think, sir, for a moment of a vitality
not quite vital, of a legal existence not quite
existing. Conccivc, if you can, a will which
could almost convey real estate, but not quite—
of a man that could be almost, but not quite, a
legatee. Imagine a court taking cognizance
of such a condition of tilings and adjudicating
upon it. Conceive, if you can, a writ that could
almost arrest a man for murder, but not quite.
Think of any power endeavoring to improve or
better it but the power which created it. Sir,
the power by which Alabama lived and breathed
sprang from the heart of the whole people—
from the universal consent in which, as 1 said
in the beginning, all laws, constitutions, stat-
utes, charters, and contracts, from the greatest
to the least, are founded in this country, and
from which they issue and act.
Now, sir, I wish to go further. I say that the
day they passed the ordinance of secession they
struck a fatal blow at that constitution which
made Alabama an individual State, and from
which her existence flowed. And, mark me,
the existence of Alabania does not /low from
the Constitution of the United States. Her
being is from that, but her existence, which
is continual being, (lows out of her own organ-
ization, tlows through the official power lodged
in her official hands, which thus preserve and
carry out her functions.
Sir, tliey cannot come and say that, this act
was an act transcending the authority of that
convention; and is therefore void, and to bo
treated as the acts of an agent when he tran-
scends his authority: for the convention, the
agent, of the people, was chosen to do the very
act, and consequently it is not to be treated as
an act of an agent, who has transcended his au-
thority in a lawful matter, but as the act of an
agent, who has been employed expressly to do
an illegal act, which, when done m pursuance
of employment, not, only binds the agent to the
pains and penalties of his offense, but makes
the one who sent him, parlicepx criminis, an
accomplice, ami in ease of treason makes him
a principal also. That is the law on (he sub-
ject of agency.
It, cannot, bo said that, the convention lias
done that which is totally without etfeet for the
reason that it was a treasonable convention:
because if the people of Alabama attempt to
shelter themselves behind the fact that the con-
vention did an unlawful act, they must bear in
wind that, they elected them to do the act.
They elected them merely, for the convenience
of doing the act in that, form; and lest anything
should be said by which they could skulk from
the responsibility, when that act had been con-
summated, as far as the convention could, they
referred it back to the people, and the people
ratified the act at the polls in full view of the
intension and of the effect designed, namely,
to cany tin- State over to another nationality
sought to be created.
Those who tell us that these States were never
out of the Union involve in their idea several
-distinct fallacies, First, they tell us that to say
that a State was ever out, of the Union is to
justify secession or to acknowledge its validity.
That is what 1 understand the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Smith] now to say. I have
never satd that a State was out of the Union,
and I am not going to say it. for the reason
that to admit that a State has been out of the
Union is to admit that a State can be a State in
the American sense out of the Union. That
itself is a fallacy, for the State of Alabama never
had any flatus except as a State of this Union,
and if she has lost that she has lost all. She
can be a State in no complete American sense
—and by that term I mean the sense we enter-
tain when we speak of the State of New York,
for instance—she cannot be such a State out
of the Union. And to say that she can is sim-
ply to set at defiance all meaning of terms.
Beyond that this idea which men advance
when they say that to admit that a State is out
of the Union is to admit the validity of seces-
sion, contains within it another fallacy, and
that is, that a State in order to be out of the
Union must get without the territorial area and
beyond the jurisdiction and the power of the
United States, so that the Federal Government
can no longer maintain or exercise control over
its property Or administer its laws within the
territory. This is, I repeat, another of the fal-
lacies involved in the idea that a State cannot
cease to be in the U nion without acknowledging
secession.
A third fallacy is that if a State be not aState
out of the Union, it of necessity be a State in
and of this Union, which last supposition does
not follow—the point to be shown is that the
rebellious States are not States in any complete
sense in the Union or out of it.
But, besides this, that idea involves another
fallacy, which is that of supposing that a State
de facto merely is a State dejure, or a State by
authority and warrant of law.
Now, sir, all civilized nations agree in the
law of nations, that a State is to be retained so
far as the laws of war will permit, and out of
this consideration growa the fact that you treat
every State when conquered as still a State dp.
facto. That is, for all such purposes as the
laws of war will allow, it exists, as a State, subject
to the rights of the conqueror.
Now, these States may bo States de facto,
and may lie within the territory of the Union,
and may be subject to its jurisdiction as to
their inhabitants and as to their property. But
it docs not follow from that that they are States
clothed in lawful authority as members of the
Union, as controlling powers, as having the
right to impose their will upon the counsels of
the nation and give laws to other States of the
Union.
Let me ask gentlemen who say that Alabama
is now a State in and of this Union, in full
power and competency, by virtue of what is
she so ? ller State organization ? What, State
organization has she ? Is it the one which was
organized years ago by the consent of Congress
and the act of her own people? No, sir, it is
not that.; it is some other. And what other ?
Has the disposing power of the State been
called into exercise by the will and action of
the people of that Slate and consent of the Uni-
ted States? No, sir. The State organization
that exists there is a thing gotten up under the
direction of the President, prepared by his sub-
ordinates. and adopted under the pressure of
telegrams from Washington, against the will of
the people ; and representing solely the will of
the executive power. Everybody knows thai,.
1 am not finding fault with it. I am not com-
plaining of the Executive on that ground, for it
was perhaps his duty, which I will not deny, to
take any and every step experimentally which
lie thought proper toward preparing provisional
governments of any kind, to be presented to the
people, and to ask of Congress that they might
be ratified and confirmed in the most ample
manner.
But can the State which exists there to-day,
constituted in that manner, demand to stand in
this Hall against the disposing power and will
of the nation? If such States can come here
anil demand that, let me ask, under what claim
can they do it? Is it because their territory lies
within the area of the United States? Then
the Comanche Indians can make the same claim
on the same ground. Can they do it because
they once entered into the Federal compact?
Every violator of a compact can claim all the
benefits of the compact on the same ground.
Can they do it because their agents in their con-
ventions acted illegally? Every violator of a
compact can do the same, by acting through an
agent, and then coming forward and ratifying
or repudiating the act of that agent, as might
best subserve his fraud. But what court of law
or equity would permit that?
Can they come in here and claim a right to
be represented here equally with the others,
because they have State governments ? Then,
I would ask what State government is it which
is the foundation of their claim? Gentlemen
on the other side claim that, a State govern-
ment lives forever. Then what government ia
that in the hands of the President and his ap-
pointees, and the newly elected members of
the Legislature, the Governor, and other officers
of the so-called State of Alabama?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKEE obtained the floor, but yielded
to—
Mr. BAKER, who moved that the time of
his colleague [Mr. Bromweel] be extended, so
as to enable him to conclude his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROMWELL. I am truly thankful to
the House for this courtesy, and I will try and
not trespass upon their patiencc long.
As I was saying, I would like to know what
State government this iswhieh is knocking here
on behalf of Alabama. If that State govern-
ment still lives which Congress and the people
of Alabama made, why is it not in court?
Why is it standing back among the ghosts of
departed things while another and an anoma-
lous and unprecedented organization steps into
its shoes and stalks in strange deformity before
us? If that old government still lives, may
it not some day come forth from its hiding
placc, and astonish the Secretary of State by
presenting to his bewildered gaze a thirty-
seventh State ready to vote on constitutional
amendments? I know the Secretary of State
has lately published an advertisement announ-
cing to the world that there are no less than
thirty-six States in this Union, including these
quasi governments of the South; but if that is
so, then I would ask, by virtue of what State
governments are there so many States for that
purpose ? Is it by virtue of those governments
which were there in 1800 or by virtue of those
which are watching over- their tombs in 18G6?
And if those old State governments do not
still live, if it be true that they are superseded
by those providentially appointed governments,
then what becomes of the outcry made against
those men who have spoken of dead States, as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
venh] is said to have done? If the ancient
government of Alabama is defnnet, and this new
and anomalous State government has stepped
into its shoes, is not there something dead?
Or are there two governments on that territo-
rial expanse? And if not, then what is there
so horrible in any man speaking of dead States?
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 would like to know if
I understand the gentleman correctly as saying
that when the people of a State changed their
constitution, the State which existed before that
change is dead. Illinois changed the form of
constitution under which she existed before
.and down to 1848. Does my colleague [Mr.
Bromwell] hold that the State of Illinois which
existed before 1848 died and was buried after the
constitution of that State was changed in 1818?
That I understand to be the logical result of
the argument which he is presenting. 1 deny
that there is any truth or soundness in any sueli
position.
Mr. BROMWELL. I think that the case is
not altogether too hard to be understood. The
people of Illinois, under the Constitution of the
United States, met and adopted a new consti-
tution by the consent of the people, the Con-
stitution of the United States being a part of
it, and the rest, of the Union stood and looked
on and were satisfied. Did the people of Illi-
nois make a constitution expressly 1o deny al-
legiance to this Government, and tc turn over
Illinois to another and different Government,
a foreign Government, bearing a foreign flag?
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BROMWELL.
Yes,
