1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tubular bridges so as to enable them to go en-
tirely beneath the river. I understand from
competent engineers that such bridges can be
constructed without any impediment to naviga-
tion; and I have the indorsement of them in
my hands, of Mr. Linville, also of Mr. Thomas
A. Scott, the vice president of the Pennsylvania
Central; J. Edgar Thompson, who is known to
most Senators; the certificate of Mr. Miller and
of Mr. Herman J. Lombaert, and also of Mr.
W. W. Wright, who it will be remembered was
the engineer in charge of the bridge-building
under General Sherman. They all say that a
submerged iron tubular bridge can be con-
structed so as not in the least to impede the
navigation of this stream, and so constructed
as to enable the railroads to carry on their
business without any serious obstruction. If
this can be done, why not let this commission
certify the fact to us? If we can get rid of this
trestle-work, which the Senator from Iowa
thinks to be so very dangerous, and can go
entirely beneath the surface of the water,
let us do it.
Sir, I am serious and in earnest about this
thing. 1 do not wish to take up the time of
the Senate, and I am not making frivolous
motions. I am making motions which I believe
would subserve the very best interests of the
country, provided this Senate would adopt
them. I am satisfied that the future will de-
monstrate it. I know that these bridges will not
stand there. I know that they are going to
prove an obstruction of the river. When I say
that, I simply mean to say that Congress will
repeal the law and will leave those gentlemen
without any substantial foundation, and they
will be beaten in the courts of the country ; I
mean to say that it will turn out that these
bridges are an obstruction to the navigation of
the river, and I mean to say that Congress,
in the just exercise of a proper discretion in
regard to the very best commercial and navi-
gation interpsts of this 'country, will not per-
mit them to stand.
Senators may say they know as much as I do
upon this subject. Perhaps they do. lfeelsatis-
fied that no such bridge could be built upon
any other great river in this country except the
Mississippi river to-day by this Congress. I
am satisfied that no other river navigable as
this is could be so bridged. No proposition to
bridge any of the waters from Lake Superior
to Niagara falls would receive the consent or
support of this Senate to-day; and yet there is
no river between those lakes possessing the
importance that this does; it is not a river
having on it the commerce that this has. The
Senator from Iowa is vastly mistaken when he
supposes the railroad interests of this country
are superior, so far as the business done is
concerned.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understood you to
say so.
Mr. GRIMES. It was the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Yates.]
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator tells me
it was the Senator from Illinois. Then I will
say that he is very much mistaken. I am
aware that the merchants of St. Louis sent on
a commission here a short time ago to protest
against this measure. The committee came
and delivered their papers in writing, and went
home. It is not so with regard to the outside
lobby interest. The Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad has had its president here during the
whole winter urging forward the passage of a
bill of this sort. A very distinguished citizen
of Illinois, a resident of Quiney, has been here
urging, with his vast political influence, the pas-
sage of a bill of this character. When I say that
outside influences have urged on this thing, I
am not mistaken; I cannot be mistaken. I
did not mean to say that the farming interests
of the country were unrepresented here, be-
cause Senators represent the interest of farm-
ers as well as I dobut 1 undertake to say that
those individuals who have been unjustly urg-
ing forward the passage of this bill, the outside
men, are interested in attempting to show that
no other bridge but a draw-bridge can be built
with safety across this river. Distinguished
engineers say that it can be done. Wlxy is it
that the railroad interests will not submit to
thebuilding of a submerged tabular bridge? It
is, in my honest opinion, to clog the naviga-
tion of the river. They have that object; they
have that before them. Why not let both in-
terests prosper ? I am not inimical to the rail-
road interest. I would bridge the Mississippi
river every hundred yards, if desired, provided
I could do it without obstructing the navigation
of the stream. Why not subserve both inter-
ests ?
The Senator from Iowa and the Senator from-
Illinois say that no such bridge can be built as
one of these elevated bridges. Sir, they have
the certificates of the most distinguished en-
gineers against them, and they have the fact
against them as demonstrated by the bridge at
Steubenville, a successful structure, one that
is not doubted to be a success. And yet upon
the mere ipse dixit of these gentlemen, know-
ing no more about civil engineering than I do,
we are to pass this bill and to insist that this
character of bridges shall be built, whether
all the engineers of this country shall report
against it or not, whether the dearest interests
of the country may condemn it or not. Sir,
both interests can be subserved. I would not
take one penny from any railroad company. I
desire to see freights carried over them as
cheaply as they can be carried. I desire that
travel over them shall be as cheap as possible.
I would interfere with neither of these interests.
I would not permit the Mississippi river to stand
in the way of bridge building by any means;
but if a bridge can be built so as to save the
navigation interests and also prosper the rail-
road interest, why not build such a bridge ? I
honestly believe it can be done; and that is all
I have asked the Senate to do.
I have said nothing heretofore about sub-
merged iron bridges, but we have a report be-
fore us showing that it can be done: and now I
propose that if that character of bridge can be
built under the report of the commission which
we have provided on this subject, we shall wait
until that report comes in. I move to amend
the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives by inserting at the end of the seventh
section the following:
Provided, That no bridge usually known as adraw-
bridge shall be constructed or commenced under the
provisions of this act. unless it be found, and so re-
ported by a board of engineers, to be appointed under
the laws of the United States adopted at the present
session of Congress, that such bridges can be con-
structed and operated at tas cost than elevated
bridges of continuous spans, or submerged iron tubu-
lar bridges, and without material obstruction to the
navigation of the river.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The seventh section of
the House amendment ought to be transposed
so as to make it the last section. It provides
that " the right to alter or amend this act so
as to prevent or remove all material obstruc-
tions to the navigation of said river by the
construction of bridges, is hereby expressly
reserved.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done, unless there be objection. The Chair
hears no objection. The question now is on
concurring in the amendments of the House
of Representatives, as amended.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that question. I desire to
record my vote upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. The question is on concur-
ring in the Senator's own amendment.
Mr. BROWN. No; that is not the ques-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is all there is of it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays is withdrawn.
The amendments of the House, as amended,
were concurred in.
equalization ox' bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 0!>2, to equalize the bounties of sol-
diers, sailors, and marines who served in the
late war for the Union. When.the bill shall
be taken up, so as to be the unfinished business
for to-morrow, I will yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeuoy.]
The motion to take tip the bill was agreed to.
death of hon. james n. lane.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I feel it
my duty to arrest the business of the Senate
for a brief period, while I announce the death
of my late colleague, Hon. James H. Lane,
of Kansas, who departed this life on the 11th
instant.
Death has been of frequent occurrence dur-
ing the period of which I have been a member
of this body. I believe no session has passed
in which we have not been called to mourn the
loss of some one of our number. And this
session has been peculiarly marked in that re-
spect. For we commenced it in mourning for
the death of one of the distinguished Senators
from Vermont, and the voice of that touching
and most appropriate eulogy had scarcely died
away in the murmur of our grief before we
were called to bury his colleague who had
mourned with us so sincerely.
Mr. President, the duty devolving upon
me at this moment is both melancholy and
painful. It is peculiarly so, because we con-
template the death of one who struck the life
fountain with his own hand 1 In the midst of
opportunities of usefulness; surrounded by a
most interesting family; reelected to a position
congenial to his tastes and gratifying to his
hopes, in a moment " of temporary aberration
of mind," he "loosed the silver cord, and the
golden bowl was broken."
I shall refer but briefly to incidents in the
life and character of my late colleague, and
confine myself chiefly to those which have fallen
under my own observation. The history of his
life in his native State, and during the Mexican
war, I shall leave to the Senators from Indiana,
who are more familiar with the record. My
first acquaintance with the deceased Senator
was in the spring of 1855. He had just re-
moved to Kansas, and taken up his residence
with the New England colony which had set-
tled the town of Lawrence the year before.
He had voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill as
member of the House of Representatives from
Indiana in the Congress of 1854. He consid-
ered that act transferred the struggle which
had agitated Congress and the country from
the halls of legislation to the Territories of
the United States. And as Kansas was fore-
most to enter the field of contest, General
Lane came out, as he said, " to see fair play"
upon the principles of the organic act, and did
not, at first, identify himself with any party.
An attempt was made to organize the Demo-
cratic party, but without success. There was,
indeed, little contest, until the convention at
Big Springs in September, 1855. The polit-
ical struggle of parties which were not only to
decide the fate of this young Territory but of
all the rest, whether for freedom or for slavery,
then commenced. General Lane was chair-
man of the committee on resolutions at that
convention, and reported a platform which
became the basis of the Free-State party. He
■then, and ever after, was fully identified with
the Free-State cause, and was determined to
share its fortunes in all its vicissitudes. And
as difficulties increased and the contest deep-
ened, he grew in strength and earnestness
until he was deemed equal to the emergency.
No man knows until he is tried what he is
capable of doing or of suffering; and certainly
General Lane surpassed the expeetations of
his friends by his energy and foresight during
the trying events which marked that period.
He grappled successfully with ever}' obstacle
and became master of every situation. W hen
clouds darkened his pathway, and for the mo-
ment he seemed prostrated, he would rise with
renewed strength and vigor. _ Adversity could
not conquer him; he only yielded to the in-
snaring deiusious of prosperity. He was a
man of wonderful adaptabilities, and seized
