1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2943
how the voters can be ascertained. Their
number can be ascertained when you take the
census, like any other fact.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin provides for the voting
basis, not the basis of citizenship. In Wis-
consin a man can vote who has been on this
continent only six months. Does the Senator
intend to include such persons as those in his
basis in the State of Wisconsin?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. According to my amend-
ment they would be embraced.
Mr. GRIMES. They would be embraced
in Wisconsin; but would they be embraced in1
Massachusetts?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It depends 011 what Mas-
sachusetts decides on that question.
Mr. GRIMES. On the State law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the purpose and object,
or atany rate the legitimate result of this amend-
ment, would be to degrade the elective fran-
chise so as to allow every man to vote on the
same platform, 011 the same basis.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not at all. Youramend-
ment proposes to allow the States to say who
shall vote. Upon that subject I propose to
take the sense of the Senate in both forms,
both on the question of "male electors" and
"male citizens of the United States.'' I wish
certainly to accommodate myself to the judg-
ment of the honorable Senator from Iowa, for
I desire to secure his support, if it is possible,
though I have some doubts about that.
Now, Mr. President, to come back to this
table, the State of Maine had 100,718 voters
in 1860, and she has five Representatives on the
basis of population. On the voting basis she
would stiil be entitled to five Representatives;
but upon the reconstruction basis as reported
by the committee Maine would gain one Rep-
resentative and have six. So under this recon-
struction amendment Maine gains one. How
is it with Now Hampshire? She had in 1800
C5,923 vote:s, and she has three Representa-
tives on the present basis. New Hampshire
would also have three Representatives upon
the basis of the reconstruction amendment as
reported by the committee. So New Hamp-
shire is not affected, whichever way the thing
stands, if it stands on the Constitution as it is,
if it stands on the Constitution as the committee
propose to amend it, or if it stands 011 the Con-
stitution as it is proposed to be amended by the
amendment which I have just offered.
Wo now come to Vermont. Vermont upon
the present apportionment has three Repre-
sentatives. In 1800 she cast 41.014 votes.
Vermont would have but two Representatives
upon the voting basis, because the fraction
would not be large enough to give her three,
but under this reconstruction amendment Ver-
mont would still retain three Representatives.
Nextwecometo Massachusetts. Massachusetts
upon the present appoi tionment has ten Rep-
resentatives. She had in 1800 100,175 voters.
Upon the voting basis Massachusetts would have
eight Representatives, so that my amendment
would reduce her representation by two ; but
upon the reconstruction amendment as offered
by the committee Massachusetts would have
eleven, gaining one. Thus we see that Maine
would gain one and Massachusetts would gain
one, while Vermont and New Hampshire remain
the same under the committee's amendment.
Connecticut has four Representatives upon the
present apportionment. She had 79,246 voters
in 1800, so that she would have four Represent-
atives upon the voting basis. Connecticut would
also have fonr Representatives under the prop-
osition of the committee. So Connecticut is
not affected; she stands indifferent so far as the
number of her representation is concerned.
Rhode Island has two Representatives under
the present apportionment. In 1860 she had
19,051 voters, so that the voting basis would give
her but one Representative, whereas under the
reconstruction amendment as reported by the
committee she would have two. Thus it appears
that upon the voting basis New England would
lose fonr Representatives, whereas tinder the
reconstruction amendment as proposed by the
committee she would gain two Representatives.
How does it stand withNew York? New York
now has thirty-one Representatives. She had
in I860 675,176 voters. Upon the voting basis
New York would gain three and her represen-
tation would be thirty-four. So upon the recon-
struction basis as reported by the committee
New York would also gain three. New Jersey
has five Representatives under the present ap-
portionment. Upon the voting basis, as New
Jersey had 121,125 votes in 1860, she would
have six, or a gain of one; and according to
the reconstruction amendment as proposed by
the committee, New Jersey would gain one.
How is it with Pennsylvania? Pennsylvania
has now twenty-four Representatives. The
number of her voters in 1800 was 470,442.
Upon the voting basis, Pennsylvania would
have the same number, twenty-four Represent-
atives, her fraction being very large. Upon
the reconstruction amendment as reported by
the committee she would gain one.
Mr. COWAN. Oh, no. We have one hun-
dred thousand negroes in Pennsylvania, and
under that proposi.ion we should lose one.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps that may be
so. Ohio has under the present apportionment
nineteen Representatives. She had in 1860
412.-141 voters. Upon the voting basis Ohio
would have twenty-two Representatives, again
of three, whereas, under the reconstruction
amendment, she would have twenty, a gain
of only one. Indiana, under the present ap-
portionment, has eleven Representatives. She
has 272,113 voters. Upon the voting basis
Indiana would have thirteen Representatives,
a gain of two, whereas upon the proposed
amendment of the committee, Indiana would
have twelve Representatives, a gain of one.
Illinois has fou> teen Representatives under the
present apportionment, with 839,093 voters.
Illinois would have seventeen Representatives
upon the voting basis, again of three, whereas,
according to the proposition of the committee,
Illinois would have but fifteen, a gain of only
one. Michigan has under the present appor-
tionment six Representatives, with 153,537
voters. Upon the voting basis Michigan would
have eight Representatives, a gain of two,
while upon the proposition of the committee
she would have seven, a gain of one. Wis-
consin has six Representatives, with 152,180
voters. Wisconsin, like Michigan, would have
eight Representatives on the voting basis, a
gain of two, whereas, upon the proposition of
the committee, she would have but seven, a
gain of one. Iowa now has six Representa-
tives, but she has one of her Representatives
upon a fraction. She had but 128, 331 voters,
so that according to this table her representa-
tion would remain the same on the voting
basis.
Mr. IvIRKWOOD. How does the Senator
arrive at the number of voters in 1800?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By the number of votes
cast in the presidential election of 1800. I am
speaking on that basis. Perhaps there are still
more voters that did not vote, and you might
be entitled to more if you counted them all. It
would make it still better for you.
Mr. CRAG1N. With the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin I dosiro to ask him a
question,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGTN. Suppose there are more
voters, would it not. change his whole calcu-
lation?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CRAGIN. Take, for instance, the State
of Vermont, adjoining New Hampshire. The
population of the two States is about the same,
but in New Hampshire the contests are always
close, and we bring out almost the last vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You do not lend them
any of your voters. [Laughter, j
Mr. CRAGIN. In Vermont, according to
the Senator's table, the number actually voting
was 40,000 and over, and the Senator reduces
her representation from three to two; but if the
actual number of votes were counted Vermont
would hqve the same as New Hampshire. It
spoils his whole calculation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That maybe so, but my
amendment provides for the representation
being based on the voters as returned by the
census, so that there will be no mistake about
that. If Vermont has the voters she will not
lose representation. Every voter in Vermont
has just as much right to be represented as a
voter in Wisconsin. The calculation 011 which
I am relying is based upon the actual vote cast
in 1800.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is based also, I sup-
pose, 011 the idea that the southern States will
not enlarge their voters but that they will re-
main as they are now. *
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am taking the actual
votes cast iu 1860, and supposing that the laws
remain the same on that subject. The State
of -Minnesota is now entitled to two Represent-
atives. She cast 34,790 votes in I860. Upon the
voting basis she would bo entitled to two Rep-
resentatives, the same that she ^ias now, for
she has one upon a large fraction at present.
California has now three Representatives. She
cast in 18G0 118,840 votes, which would entitle
her at the rate of twenty thousand voters to a
Representative, to six Representatives, giving
her an increase in her representation of three
members. Oregon has one Representative and
will have but one, because the voters in Oregon
in I860 amounted to 14,410 who cast their votes
in the election that year, and the population
of Oregon probably is not such as to entitle
her to more than one Representative, and may
not bo for some time to come. So also of
Nevada.
Now. Mr. President, if we look to the late
slave States, the State of Delaware under the
present apportiomnenthas one Representative.
She had 10,039 voters in 1800, and upon the
voting basis or any other basis the State of
Delaware will have but one Representative.
Maryland has under the present apportionment
five Representatives. Maryland had 92,502
voters in 1860, and if you give to her the benefit
of a largo fraction, a fraction of twelve thou-
sand out of twenty thousand which entitles to a
vote, Maryland would still have, on the voting
basis, five Representatives : and under this
reconstruction amendment she would have the
same.
West Virginia has three Representatives
under the present apportionment. Her voters
in 1860 are computed to be about 50,000—the
accuracy of that calculation I cannot vouch for
—-which would give her the same number of
Representatives which she now has. Virginia,
the remaining part of Virginia,is entitled to eight
Representatives under the present apportion-
ment. On the voting basis of 117,223, she
would be entitled to but six Representatives,
which would be a reduction upon the State of
Virginia of two, and the same reduction follows
under the apportionment which is proposed by
the committee.
Kentucky has now nine Representatives
under the present apportionment. Kentucky
had 145,258 voters in 1860, which would make
her entitled to seven Representatives 011 the
voting basis, and a large fraction, almost en-
titled to eight; but upon the voting basis Ken-
tucky would lose two, and upon the proposi-
tion of the committee Kentucky will lose two
of her Representatives. The effect upon her,
therefore, is the same. Missouri is entitled to
nine Representatives under the present appor-
tionment. Missouri had 165,518 voters ill
1800, which would entitle her to eight Repre-
sentatives, which would be a loss of one when
she is reduced to the voting basis. North
Carolina is entitled to seven Representatives
undertliepresentapportionment. Upon the vot-
ing basis, as she had 96,230 voters in 1800, she
would be entitled to but five, receiving one upon
the large fraction of 10,000. South Carolina,
under the present apportionment, is entitled
to four Representatives. I have here an. esti-
mate as to the amount of votes that were cast
in the State of South Carolina, as her Legisla-
ture elects tha presidential electors, and there-
