THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jun6'^,J
fore no accurate computation could be made
as to tho voters of South Carolina; but lier
voters were estimated at about 50,000. It is
calculated that upon the voting .basis, there-
fore, South Carolina would have three Repre-
sentatives, and she will have the same under
the proposition of the committee. Georgia is
entitled to seven Representatives under the
present apportionment. In 1860 Georgia had
100,365 voters, which would entitle her upon
the voting basis to six Representatives. Flor-
ida had but 14,347 voters in 1860. She is
entitled to but one Representative under the
present apportionment, and cannot, under any
circumstances, at present at least, be entitled
to more than one. • Alabama has six Repre-
sentatives under the present apportionment.
She had 90,357 voters in 1860, which, upon the
fraction of ten thousand and upwards, would
entitle her to five Representatives upon the
voting basis, and she would be entitled to the
same number iftider the reconstruction amend-
ment proposed by the committee. Mississippi
is entitled to five Representatives under the
present apportionment. She cast 69,120 votes
in 1860, which would entitle her to four Rep-
resentatives upon the voting basis, which would
be a loss of one. Louisiana is entitled to five
Representatives- under the present apportion-
ment. She had 50,510 votes in 1860, which
would entitle her to but three Representatives
on the voting basis.
Of course this is based upon the assumption
that the colored people of the South are not
yet permitted to cast votes. When they be-
come enfranchised these States will be en-
titled to increased representation. Texas is
entitled to four Representatives under the
present apportionment. She cast 60,986 votes
in 1860, which would entitle her, on the voting
basis, to three Representatives, or a loss of
one. Arkansas is entitled to three Represent-
atives under the present apportionment. She
cast 54,053 votes in 1860, which would entitle
her to three Representatives upon the voting
basis, which is the same as upon this report
of the committee. . Tennessee is entitled to
eight Representatives under the present appor-
tionment. She had 145,333 votes in 1860,
which would entitle her to seven Representa-
tives, and a large fraction, but she would lose
one if placed upon the voting basis, and the
same upon the report of the committee.
Mr. President, if we recapitulate the whole
According to the computation of this table,
under the present apportionment the North or
the old free States have one hundred and fifty-
seven Representatives, the South or the late
slave States eighty-five, making a majority in
favor of the North or the old free States of
seventy-two in the House of Representatives.
Upon the voting basis, the North or the old
free States will have one hundred and seventy-
two Representatives, while the South or the
old slave States will have but seventy, and thus
give to the old free States a majority in the
Electoral College of one hundred and two.
Thus it will be seen that this proposition to
base representation upon the voting basis is
three in favor of the old free States; and while
New England, which, with her comparatively
small population, has twelve Senators in this
body, loses but four, and the great agricultural
States of the Northwest, one of which I repre-
sent, will gain twelve iu the House of Repre-
sentatives. while such are the results, it seems
to me it does not militate at all against the
proposition which I have introduced. Cali-
fornia, which now has three, would be entitled
to six Representatives. I desire not to dwell
at any great length on this subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Before tho Senator leaves
that part of his argument, I should like to ask
him a _ question with his permission. Repre-
sentation is now based upon population, and
it is estimated, and I suppose there is not much
doubt about the correctness of the estimate,
that there are in the State of New York four
hundred thousand foreigners not naturalized.
Those foreigners give to the State of New York
at this time three Representatives in the House
of Representatives. The Senator proposes,
by adopting voters as the basis of representa-
tion, to strike out those four hundred thousand
foreigners, and at the same time he says New
York will gain three in her representation. I
should like to have an explanation of that
difference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there
were cast in 1860 4,731,193 votes, which, ac-
cording to that estimate, would give 20,400
voters to each Representative elected. The
State of New York cast in 1860, 675,156 votes,
which, divided by 24,400, gives New York
thirty-four Representatives.
I think these tables will be found, upon cal-
culation,to be sufficiently accurate to illustrate
all that is necessary to be shown upon this sub-
ject. The principle that voters should have
an equal voice in the choice of Representatives
in the House of Representatives, the popular
bra,neh of the Government, is a principle upon
which we can stand and contend. We can ask
men, even when it disfranchises the States of
the South, to vote for that, when you cannot
so well go to them and say,' " Gentlemen, you
must consent to lose one third, one fourth, or
one half of your representation unless you will
allow the colorgd population to vote." That
is a different question. You may say the effect
produced is the same; but when you are argu-
ing for a principle, that is to say, that the voice
of the voter is what is to be heard in the House
of Representatives, they will yield to the prin-
ciple and accept it and vote for it when they
would not vote for it presented in its present
form. I ask for the yeas and nays upon this
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am satisfied that my
friend from Wisconsin is entirely in error in
respect to the number of voters in the State of
Vermont. He bases himself merely upon the
election returns of the election of I860, if I
understand him. The population of Vermont
is more than 315,000 ; and if my recollection
is not very much out of joint, in times gone by,
when contests were approximately close there,
we cast more than 60,000 votes ; and I have
no doubt to-day that the number of male citi-
zens of the State of Vermont, of that population
of 315,000 and upward, is more than 60,000;
so that in the particular instance that he recites
as to that State there is an undoubted error in
his_ figures of more than 16,000 voters ; and if,
as it often happens in States where the contest
is not close, similar differences exist, the value
of his tables is of course totally destroyed.
Mathematics is one of the sciences where, if
you leave out one link or make one error, the
result flows through the whole problem, and
therefore it will undoubtedly turn out that there
is no reliance whatever to bo placed upon the
figures which my friend from Wisconsin has so
ingeniously framed.
But, Mr. President, the question is broader
and deeper than the mere selfish one of gain
to this State or to that State. It is a question
which enters into the profoundest philosophy
of government, wh&ther it is a true principle
that tho mere accident of the right to vote is
to determine the representation of a commu-
nity. The fathers who founded this Govern-
ment acted npon tho idea not only that the
representation, as a principle, in general was
to be based upon population, independent of
the franchise, independent of citizenship, but
there was also always to go with it, for the
security of every part of the country, that other
principle, that direct taxation, the "involuntary
burdens which the citizen must bear, must
stand always guarded by the right of represen-
tation; and therefore it was provided that rep-
resentation and direct taxation should always
go hand in hand in the same ratio.
Now, the proposition of my friend from
Wisconsin is that we shall discard this time-
honored principle, which in my judgment is
an impregnable one, that we shall discard the
original principle that all society in some form
is to be represented in a republican Govern-
ment, and select a particular few, who are
themselves always to decide how that few shall
be made up, who are not only to exercise all
the powers and privileges of Government, bat
to exercise that other power and privilege of
imposing the burdens upon some other section
or some other class of the community; that is
to say, if the East happens to bo numerous in
men and short of money, the eastern men may
vote the taxes upon the western property, or
the reverse.
I know how impatient the Senate is, and
without entering at large upon this interesting
and profound topic, in my judgment, tho prop-
osition of the Senator from Wisconsin is one
which is full of inherent error, both in princi-
ple and practice, and I shall vote against it.
Mr. POLAND. I had prepared some re-
marks with reference to these amendments
generally, and in the course of those remarks
1 had attempted to discuss the question that is
raised upon this particular amendment. Per-
haps it may be appropriate that I should de-
liver them now, although all that I might say
is not perfectly germane to this amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does the Senator from
Vermont desire to go on this afternoon, or
would he prefer to go on to-morrow ?
Mr. POLAND. I am not particular.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will give
way I will move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. POLAND. It is immaterial to me.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are quite a num-
ber of amendments to be offered, and I think
we might as well proceed with them now, and
the Senator from Vermont, if he desires it,
can have the floor to-morrow.
Mr. POLAND. It is quite immaterial to
me whether I proceed to-night or to-morrow
morning. I give way to the motion for an
executive session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Sen-
ator from Vermont to say that he rather pre-
ferred to submit his general remaiks oil the
subject of reconstruction upon this amendment,
and he desired to do it before the amendment
was acted on by the Senate. It was with that
view that I rose to move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. POLAND. I yield to your motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 4, I860.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boymox.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
bills ox leave.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call of States and Territories
for bills on leave for reference and not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider; com-
mencing with the State of Maine.
guardians 01? lunatics, etc.
Mr. PATTERSON introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "'An act to enable guardians and
committees of lunatics appointed in the sev-
eral States to act within the District of Colum-
bia;'' which was read a first and second lime,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
united states ctkcuit court.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill to alter the
places of holding the circuit court for the Rhode
Island district; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
united states courts.
_ Mr. JENCKES also introduced a bill iu ad-
dition to an act entitled "An act to establish
the judicial courts of the United States and the
