1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
The amendment of Mr. Grimes was to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
insert in lieu of the words to be stricken out
the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
pav, out ef any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the several parties the awards made
in their favor by the naval board organized under
the resolution of the Senate adopted March 9,1S65,
the awards bein? made under date of December 23,
1853, and reported to the Secretary of the Navy;
Provided, That th* payment shall not, in any case,
exceed twelve per cent, upon the contract price,
except in the case of the Camanche, in which ease
the award shall be paid in full.
The amendment of Mr. Nye to this amend-
ment was to strike out''twelve" and insert
"fifteen."
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, in calling the
attention of the Senate to this bill by the
motion just made, I did not intend to press
it in advance of any other more important
measure; but I deem it quite important to
the country, and especially important to
these contractors, that they should know as
soon as possible the exact condition in which
they are to stand.
A little more than a year ago this Senate
adopted a resolution authorizing and directing
the Navy Department of the Government to
appoint three competent persons to ascertain
the actual cost to the contractors of the vessels
and steam machinery that had been accepted
by the Government. I assumed then that the
Senate conceded one point, that by authorizing
the board to do that duty they conceded that
the Government were at least equitably bound
to pay the actual cost of these vessels and
machinery to the contractors. In introducing
that resolution I had no other object in view
than to ascertain the exact cost of these ves-
sels and the machinery, so that at this present
session of Congress the subject could be acted
on understandingly. We assumed, of course,
that the Department would appoint such a
board as in all of its constituent parts wolild
make a perfect whole to ascertain that fact;
and we rested upon that supposition. They ap-
pointed that board and the board have reported.
Their report has been the subject of investigation
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and as the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexdricks] has
said, received the careful consideration of the
sub-committee to which it was referred. They
came to the conclnsion that it was no more
than an act of justice on the part of this Gov-
ernment to pay to the contractors the actual
cost of the labor they had performed.
Sir, it seems to me in all its phases to be
eminently just. The whole system of this
mode of naval construction was new. *The
Government itself knew very little about it, and
the contractors as little as the Government.
But an absolute necessity existed for the con-
struction of these ships ; the necessities of the
Government were such that, cost what they
might, it must have them, and the ships have
answered well the end for which they were
constructed. I think I can say in truth that
there is no class of men who have been engaged
on Government contracts that have displayed
a nobler spirit of self-sacrifice and patriotism
to the Government than those men who vied
with each other to see who could construct the
best and most efficient vessels-of-war. At any
rate the Government had determined to have
this class of ships, and made its contracts for
them in 18G2 and 18G3, and from that time
until the period of their completion the reasons
are ample and very clearly set forth why there
must ol' necessity have been a great increase
in the cost of the work. The Government
acknowledged this. The Government acknowl-
edged that it did not know itself what it did
want and was constantly retarding the work
on these ships by alterations from the specifi-
cations in the contracts.
It is patent to us all that from 1S62 to 1S64
not only the price of labor, but of every mate-
rial which outers into the construction of a ship,
almost doubled in cosv So accurate were the
board that had this matter under investigation,
that they required of these contractors that they
should give the price of labor per hour during
every month that they were engaged in the con-
struction of these ships. Upon that point there
is no question that the statements rendered are
true and perfectly reliable; they come to the
Committee on Naval Affairs certified by the
president of the board as correct and true.
The Senate will bear in mind that these con-
tractors were invited and required to appear,
not before a tribunal of their own choosing, not
before a tribunal where they had the opportu-
nity of even choosing one member; but the
Government itself fixed the tribunal, and re-
quired and demanded the presence of these
contractors before that board, in compliance
with the resolution that the Senate had adopted.
Then, sir, there are two things which the
Government had done. The Senate had passed
the resolution, and the Navy Department had
acted under that resolution. A board was
organized, and before it these men were re-
quired to appear. That board was diligent in
its business, and sat from June until December,
and it required these contractors to come before
it and present their claims. Was the Govern-
ment in earnest with these contractors, or was
it trifling with them? Was this all to go for
naught and the judgment of the board to be
reversed and the Senate of the United States
to sit as a court of appeals for the purpose of
reversing the judgment of the board appointed
by the Government itself? Sir, the committee
to which this subject was referred felt that our
inquiries need go no further than to ascertain
what was the actual cost of these vessels. To
ascertain that, a board of inquiry had been sit-
ting for five months, and we took the report of
thrft board as evidence of the cost of these ships.
It seems to me that that is just. When a poor
mechanic or contractor has gone on to do work
for the Government, and has, as my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] said yesterday, involved
not only all his own fortune but the fortune of
his friends in the construction of these ships,
and when the Government by a tribunal of its
own has declared that the cost of these ships
was so much, it seems to me that the Govern-
ment is estopped from going back of the judg-
ment of the tribunal of its own selection.
Sir, are we to be told that this Government
is too poor to be just? Are we to be told here
that this tribunal had not sufficient ability to
determine what the cost of these ships was?
I have observed that whenever a tribunal is
appointed by this Government to ascertain
what is due from the Government it is exceed-
ingly exacting, exceedingly careful, and it is
very rarely that a mistake is made in giving
the applicant or contractor more than he ought
to receive. I approve of that care and of that
scrutiny, but I assert that when a judgment is
rendered in favor of a claimantthis Government
should be controlled by it.
The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] always careful, always vigilant, and
exceedingly scrutinizing, denounced this as an
omnibus bill. Sir, here are just as many bills
as there were double-enders and iron-clads
that were accepted by this Government. He
fears that an unjust bill is to be carried through
on the back of just bills. In answer to that,
let me say there is no greater probability of
there being danger of one bill helping another,
in the bill as it is presented, than though there
were forty separate bills. I therefore dismiss
that suggestion made by the Senator with that
simple explanation.
The Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, proposes to give
these contractors twelve per cent, in addition
to their contract price. I do not think that
that mode of relief is as just as the other; I
do not believe that it will be as equitable to all
these parties, and for this reason: by that
proposition some will get more, perhaps, than
they would get under the award as it has been
rendered, and some will get greatly less.
Some will get more than they ought to have,
and others will get less than they ought to
have. It seems to me that when the amount
which is due these contractors for the actual
cost of their work is ascertained, that is the
exact measure of justice which the Govern-
ment ought to mete out to them in a spirit of
magnanimity.
Mr. GIIIMES. The Senator is mistaken as
to my amendment. As the amendment is
drawn they cannot get more than the award;
but who re the award is more than twelve per
cent, they get the twelve per cent. If the
award is less than twelve per cent., they will
get the amount of the award, whatever that
may be.
Mr. NYE. Then I understand the Senator
to say that the award may 'be less than he
proposes to give.
Mr. GHIMES. The award is less than
twelve per cent, in several instances. In those
instances, under my substitute, if adopted, the
parties will only get the amount of the award,-
which may be two per cent, or five per cent.;
but in the other cases where the award exceeds
twelve per cent., those contractors" will get the
twelve per cent.
Mr. NYE. I thank the Senator for his
explanation ; it simply shows that, after all,
he puts great confidence in this award as being
right, and I assume that there is no other basis
that can be right as between these contractors
and the Government but that resting upon the
award of thi; tribunal constituted by the Gov-
ernment itself. Tt is therefore that I object to
the amendment, but if that mode of relief is to
prevail—and I know the power of the distin-
! guished chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and feel great embarrassment in at-
tempting to go against anything that he desires
—if that must lie guarded as he says the amend-
ment is, '"that no person shall receive more
than the amount of the award in any case and
shall be paid by a percentage, I insist upon it
that my amendment should prevail, to insert
"fifteen" instead of "twelve" per cent. If
the representations of these contractors are' to
be relied upon, their sufferings in a pecuniary
and financial point of view have been very great.
They have subjected themselves to large pay-
ments of interest, have had many anxious hours
and days in regard to it, involving their friends'
property in the issue. It seems to me that
upon every principle of justice this Govern-
ment ought to pay the contractors the actual
cost of the woik done by them.
This is not an isolated case, or one peculiar
to our own Government. I have taken occa-
sion, since this question came up, to examine a
little into the proceedings of the English Gov-
ernment at the time of the Crimean war. They
needed vessels of a different kind from those
which had been usually employed, and the
rule they adopted where contracts were made
in a hurry, noti knowing what the additional
cost would be resulting from the necessity of
speedy construction, was to pay the contractor
the cost. Can this Government or its repre-
sentatives afford to see the grand crash that
will 1j% made in individual fortunes, rather than
step up and say that the contractors shall re-
ceive what the labor and materials actually-
cost them? A man would hardly be tolerated
to live as a good citizen in a neighborhood who
would get a contract which was oppressive and
ruinous or his neighbor and so use it as to
crush him ; and surely this nation can afford
to be as magnanimous as individual is to indi-
vidual.
But we are told by the Senator from Iowa
that this is only the beginning of the end, that
there are other claims. 1 have not taken occa-
sion to investigate that fact; I have not thought
it material. If this claim rests upon the prin-
ciples of equity and justice, and there are other
claims resting upon the same foundation, this
nation, in view of its own dignity, in view of
its own sense of justice, ought to meet them.
Our Navy is not a thing of a day. It has done
more to defend our national honor and our
national integrity and lias given a more noble
exhibition of our national genius and cnter-
ll prise than any other arm of the service used
during the war ; and it has made old England
sing in subdued accents that she is mistress of
