1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1985
the sea. Prom the day that the little Monitor
went down to Hampton Roads and sank the
rebel craft, or so shattered her that she had to
take herself back to her moorings, the charac-
ter of the American Navy has attracted the
admiration of the world. I believe sincerely
that these contractors have tried to do the best
they could, not for their own advantage, but
for their country's glory, and to establish the
fact that the character of the American Navy
that was being built had more in it than any
other navy that had ever been built.
Now, sir, we have this Navy, and I submit
to the Senate, 1 submit to the country, whether
it is not worth all that it has cost. I care not,
sir, what its cost may be; we have a Navy
now that admonishes the world that we are
prepared for offensive and defensive warfare
with a naval force such as no other country
can boast. Much of the credit of this achieve-
ment is due to the noble patriotism and magna-
nimity of the contractors who built these ships,
and they will stand as a monument to the
genius of American skill and enterprise when
those who are talking about them to-day will
have been forgotten.
Sir, I insist upon it that the report of the
board is the fairer, truer, and less liable to
mistake than the proposition submitted by the
Senator from Iowa in his amendment; but if
that basis must be surrendered, if that propo-
sition, mathematically certain, must be given
up, I insist upon it that the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa should be amended by
inserting fifteen per cent, instead of twelve
per cent. These contractors have given the
cost of every nail and spike and bolt. The
cost of every item in the construction of the
vessels, from the laying of the keel to their
completion, is here before us. I am unwilling
that this Government should say to them,
"Notwithstanding it cost you so much, we will
give you a portion only of what the work cost
you." If you adopt the principle that the
Government is liable and should be held re-
sponsible to any extent, the whole ground is
yielded. If the contractors are entitled to
anything, they are entitled to what the work
cost. Either reject the entire principle and
say you will not pay at all, or give them the
actual cost of the work. I appeal to the mag-
nanimity of the Senate, the representative of
the great nation whose Navy this is, not to
send these men beggarly away, and let not the
only return they get for their patriotism and
energy be an expression of ingratitude from the
representatives of the people of this country.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 desire to put a question
to the Senator from Nevada in reference to the
basis on which this claim is made. Were not
the contracts regularly made with each one of
the firms mentioned in this bill, for the con-
struction of these iron-clads, and were not the
prices fixed by the contracts; and where does
it appear that the Government of the United
States is bound either in law or on principles
of honor to pay them more than was required
by their contracts? I understand _that the
object of this bill is to supply deficiencies of that
kind, and to indemnify contractors who claim
that the work cost them more than the contract
price. I wish some information on this subject
from the honorable Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. These contracts were made in
' 1862 and 1863, at a time when labor was at a
given price. The vessels were to be completed
within a certain time specified in the contract;
but the Government admits the fact, and it is
shown in the report, that for various reasons by
the operation of governmental direction they
were retarded in their work, and much of it was
not completed until 1864, when the price of
almost every article they had to use had doubled.
Mr. HOWARD. Did not the contractors
themselves contemplate that this delay might
be produced by the direction of the Govern-
ment, and had the contractors therefore any
ground to complain of the delay produced in
that manner?
Mr. NYE. When they contracted to build a
ship in a hundred and fifty days or a hundred
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 125.
and twenty days, I take it they did not under-
stand that the Government was to change the
model, change the machinery, or to order such
alterations as would require more than the time
prescribed in the contract for the performance
of the original work, to make the alterations,
as it appears in this report was done in a num-
ber of instances. Five hundred thousand dol-
lars worth of extra work was done on one vessel.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I understand from
the Senator from Nevada that the Government
insisted on some fundamental changes in their
mode of construction.
Mr. NYE. In a large number of cases.
Mr. HOWAjgD. Necessarily increasing the
cost of the work.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if that was not in
all cases paid for.
Mr. NYE. The extra work was paid for;
but the time it took to do the extra work was
as great as the contract time for doing the whole
work.
Mr. SHERMAN. Still all the increased
cost on account of the extra work was paid for,
as I understand.
Mr. NYE. I understand so, except in one
case; but that does not change the principle.
The point is that time was essential, and that
every month that rolled around increased the
cost of doing the work. On one ship extra
work to the amount of $500,000 was ordered,
which took more time to perform than it would
have required to make the original construc-
tion. The question of time is important in two
views. The price of labor by the hour doubled
and the cost of materials almost doubled.
Almost all the materials which they had neces-
sarily to use advanced in price from seventy-
five to one hundred per cent. In another case, I
as appears by the report, the contractors did [
not receive the draft for the machinery until ;
after the contract time for the completion of the
work had expired, and as the Department say
in the letter to them, it was owing to the hurry
of business in the Department. In every one
of these cases there is a reason rendered, and
a reason that has been entirely satisfactory to
the Navy Department. The Department ac-
cepted the work as evidence of their satisfac-
tion. They took it when completed ; and that
is the highest evidence of their-satisfaction with
the work, both with regard to time and with
regard to quality. Therefore the suggestion
which the Senator from California [Mr. Cox-
ness] made yesterday falls to naught. It is
not at all unusual, but usual, when ships-of-war
go from here, and especially new ones, to the
Pacific coast, to send them to the dry-dock on
Mare Island to be overhauled and repaired.
Mr. President, I do not desire to occupy the
time of the Senate, or to keep the more im-
portant measure, as it is deemed, of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire from being acted on.
I have only to say that the report in this case
was carefully drawn and is the result of ma-
ture deliberation by the sub-committee. If
the Senate, after the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, pro-
poses to pay a percentage, I think it ought to
pay at least fifteen per cent, upon the contract
price. If the figuring of my distinguished
friend from Iowa is correct, and I have ob-
served that he never figures so as to pay out
very much money, fifteen per cent, will gi\ e
almost a million dollars less than the board
reported that the work cost_ the contractors.
It seems to me that a million less ought to
satisfy the Government. If such a reflection
is at all sweet, I think the reflection that it lias
had and is now enjoying the benefit of more
than a million dollars hard earned by days ot
toil and anxiety ought to satisfy the most vora-
cious. If it is required here, under the lead ot
my distinguished friend from Iowa, that these
men shall contribute a million, let that suffice;
but I insist upon it that he shall not by his
twelve per cent, proposition take half a niil-
lion more from tliem which. th.6ir fa/iniliBS find
their own interests require that they should
have. I submit to the justice of the Senate
that when it is shown by figures that the Gov-
ernment have reaped where they did not som
to the amount of $1,000,000, that ought to
satisfy at least a sensible, honorable body of
men who take justice for their standard and
equity as their rule.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President^ I have dif-
ficulties about this bill on two points. It is
avowed here as a rule that we are to pay the
cost of this work, though it exceeds the con-
tract price. Are we to establish the precedent
that nobody that contracts with the Govern-
ment is to lose; that Congress will make up
any loss? That is a pretty broad precedent to
make, particularly at this time, or, indeed, at
any time. Another question involved is that
you guaranty by this action the value of the
currency, or in other words you guaranty them
against the increase of war prices during the
time they are fulfilling their contracts.
I should not like the Senate to establish either
of these principles, that the contractors with the
0 overnment of the United States are to be paid
the cost of their work without regard to the con-
tract price, or that they are to be indemnified
for the depreciation of the currency and against
the increase of war prices. All that is embraced
in the resolution that was passed by the Senate
at the heel of the session last year, authorizing
the Department to form this board to pass upon
the cost of the vessels, if I was making laws
to last for all time to govern a people, I would
make no such rules and regulations._ I have
been, to a limited extent, engaged in public
works ; and my experience has been that there
is a difference in the talent, ingenuity, and skill
of contractors. One man or one set of con-
tractors will do their work, pay all their hands,
and make money, and upon the same descrip-
tion of work and at the same prices another
set will fall short and not be able, to pay their
hands, and fail in the end. Why is this? It
is on account of the superior energy and skill
of some, their power of combination, and their
ability to apply their means to the end in view,
the accomplishment of the work. If I can
understand these reports, that has been the eats
in some of these contracts. Under precisely
the same circumstances some have complained
of no losses and others have complained of
pretty heavy losses.
Now, we know what ship-builders are, as well
as what they should be. Give them the dimen-
sions of a ship, and the character of the vessel,
and they know what quantity of timber is
needed; they know what iron is necessary and
the amount of labor necessary to accomplish
it. They can make their estimate of what it
will cost them, and allow for a fair profit, in-
cluding their capital in machinery and in the
investment; and as intelligent men they do
make their estimates and their bids accord-
ingly. Wo know the immense fortunes that
some of these ship-builders have made, and
yet we know that there are others who fail,
and so it is in all the avocations of life. Men
of skill, energy, and judgment are the pros-
perous men; men who lack skill, lack energy,
and lack judgment are the men who fail in the
affairs of this world. _
Now, sir, I am unwilling (and that is my
difficulty about this bill) to make the rule that
this Government is to answer for whatever a
contract may cost the individual to accomplish
the work, without regard to the contract price.
They are sagacious men ; they make their cal-
culations upon the character of ihe currency
and the chances of its depreciation. They
know the effect of war and how it changes
prices ; and that, too, if they are fit for their
avocations, enters into their calculations when
they bid. I believe all these specifications
required them to make additions and altera-
tions before the completion of the work; and
that was within their contemplation at the time
they made these contracts. It may be true,
and no doubt is true, that they have been de-
layed by those alterations, by the large addi-
tional work that was required to be done ; but
for this additional work they were paid under
the contracts. They may not have been paid
for all the delays, all the damages that wore
