1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1025
Mr. CONNESS. I present, sir, the memo-
rial of tlie officers of the Navy attached to the
navy-yard at Mare Island, California, asking
for an increase of compensation to naval offi-
cers. They set forth at length in their memo-
rial the reasons upon which they base the appli-
cation, which I will not now read. I have
another memorial of the officers of the United
States receiving ship Independence, belonging
to the Pacific squadron, to the same effect, and
another from the officers of the United States
iron-clad Comanche, to the same effect, and
still another from the officers of the United
States steamer Suwanee, belonging to the Pa-
cific squadron. I move their reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
John J. Bagley and sundry others, merchants
of the city of Detroit, Michigan, jn which they
remark that the enormous importations of for-
eign manufactures are entailing a large foreign
debt, which in its results must tend to impover-
ish and bankrupt the nation, and they therefore
petition for a prohibitory tariff on manufactured
goods ; and they say further that they humbly
petition Congress "to levy a tariff sufficient to
give adequate protection to American labor, as
this is what the farmers and the manufacturers
of this country require to insure the highest
prosperity to ourselves and our country." I
move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I also present the memo-
rial of sundry hospital stewards of the regular
Army, asking that they may be paid the bounty
• which"has been awarded to them by the statutes
of the United States, and making complaint
that that bounty has been improperly withheld
from them by some order of the War Depart-
ment, of which I say nothing further than to
move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of offi-
cers of the Boston Five Cent Savings Bank, of
Boston, Massachusetts, praying that savings
banks or institutions for savings having no cap-
ital, and whose business is confined to receiving
deposits and loaning the same on interest, for
the benefit of the depositors only, and which
do no other business of banking, may be ex-
empted from the payment of the internal rev-
enue tax; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Cath-
arine Ferguson, praying for relief for her son
in consequence of injuries received on a United
States military railroad in 1SG3; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
citizens of Iron Ridge, Wisconsin, mechanics
and laborers in American manufacturing estab-
lishments, praying for an increase of the pres-
ent taiiff' on imports; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
John L. Suess, late captain first New York vol-
unteer engineers, asking that the act of Con-
gress 0&1SG5, granting three months' extra pay
to certain officers of volunteers, may be extended
to him ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDE\T presented the petition of
Duncan J. MeRae, praying for compensation
for services 'rendered in carrying the mails in
North Carolina: which was referred to the
Committee on Post Oifices and Post Roads.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
Jonathan Montgomery and other loyal citizens
of New Orleans, Louisiana, praying for relief
in the matter of certain assessments made upon
them by order of Major General B. I. Butler;
which was referred to the Committee 011 the
Judiciary.
Sir. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of an emigrant and post route from Ked
Wood Falls, on thoSvcstorn borderofMinuesota,
8Dth Coxa. 1st Siws.—No. tl.;.
to the gold region of the Territory of Montana;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to present a me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of the State
of Oregon, representing that a large number of
the citizens of Walla Walla county, in the Ter-
ritory of Washington, have expressed their ear-
nest desire that such county be annexed to and
included within the jurisdiction of that State,
and they pray Congress to incorporate the
county of Walla Walla in the State of Oregon,
so that the boundaries of the State may conform
to those embraced in the constitution thereof
as adopted by the people. I move that this me-
morial be referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAE.RIS presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Clinton county, New York, remon-
strating against any extension of the so-called
reciprocity treaty ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Illinois, remonstrating against the res-
toration of any State lately in rebellion until
adequate security is obtained against any re-
newed attempt to secede, &c.; which was re-
ferred tothejoint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Wilton to Blue
Earth City, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of a
large number of citizens of Iowa who pray that
the Constitution of the United States may be
amended so as to read in substance as follows:
We, the people of the United States, humbly ac-
knowledging A1 mighty God as the source of all author-
ity and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus
Christ as thcruler among thenations, and His revealed
will as supreme authoiity. in order to constitute a
Christian Government, and in order to form a more
perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common"defense, promote the
general welfare, and securc the inalienable rights and
blessings of life, liberty, and the pursuit, of happiness
to ourselves, our posterity, and all the inhabitants of
the land, do ordain and establish this Constitution
for the United States of America.
Mr. President, without committing myself to
that particular amendment, I desire to say that
I am extremely happy to see that the people
of the State which I have the honor in part to
represent are thoroughly aroused to the neces-
sity of making proper amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; for I am not one
of those who believe in the theory enunciated
in a certain quarter last Thursday, that those
who are seeking to amend the Constitution are
in fact seeking to subvert and overturn the
Government of the United States. Iam most
happy to be able to express the belief that the
people of that State are, with a most remark-
able degree of unanimity, in favor of the adop-
tion by Congress of the amendment which is
now under consideration in the Senate.
In this connection, Mr. President, permit me
to saytHat a dispatch which is published in the
Intelligencer of this morning, designed to fore-
shadow the sentiment of the people of the gal-
lant State of Iowa, is not, in my opinion, a true
index of that sentiment. I find in that news-
paper a dispatch directed to the President of
the United States from Keokuk, Iowa, in the
following words:
Keokuk. Iotta, February 24.1806.
To Andrew Johnson, President of the United States:
Immense meeting: held here to-dny! Great
enthusiasm! One hundred suns! Your veto message
and administration unanimously indorsed 1
Mr. President, I have reason to know that
that dispatch was forwarded to the President of
the United States by a man by the name of
! Thomas AY. Claggett, who, during the war, has
! been intensely opposed to every war measure
I of the last Administration; and if, duritig the
last three years, he has given utterance to a
loyal sentiment, it has certainly escaped my
knowledge and my hearing. So intense lias
been his hatred to those men who-embarked in
the war ami periled their lives in the defense
of the country, that the indignation of the peo-
ple could not be restrained, and some two years,
ago they went to his printing office and hurled
his press into the river; and yet he undertakes
to be the medium of communication to the
President of the United States of the sentiment
of a portion of the people of the State of Iowa..
Sir, I desire to say that, as one of her repre-
sentatives, I utterly repudiate and deny the
capacity of any such man to properly speak for
the people whom I have the honor in part to
represent.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the memorial of the
Pennsylvania State Equal Rights League, signed
on behalf of the league by their officers, in
which they set forth the grievances that colored
people are now laboring under in different parts
of the Union, and they call upon Congress to
carry out by legislation the guarantee to every
State in this Union of a republican form of gov-
ernment. They remind Congress of the oblig-
atory character of this guarantee, that the word
1' shall'' is used, not " will" or " may,'' and that
Congress cannot, even if so disposed, as honest
men faithful to the great charter of American
right, avoid carrying the provision out to the
letter, and they insist that communities which
disfranchise large numbers of the citizens have
no title to be regarded as republican in form.
They also ask for a further amendment of the
Constitution byway of enforcement of this idea.
I move the reference of this memorial to the
joint committee of fifteen on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition also from
citizens of Wisconsin, in which they ask Con-
gress not to allow any State which has warred
against the United States to be admitted back
as a governing partner in the Union without
establishing permanent guarantees for future
security, both with regard to freedmen and
with regard to national creditors. I move the
same reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition from
the Summer street chapel church of AATorce_s-
ter, Massachusetts, signed by the officers, in
which they ask Congress to protect the freed-
men, and in any legislation for the benefit of
the freedmen to couple therewith a guarantee
of the right of suffrage on common terms with
other citizens, that so the solemnly plighted
faith of the nation may he kept with its freed-
men, and the withering curse of the Almighty
ruler of nations may be averted. I move the
reference of this petition to the joint committee
of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATORS FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take from
the files of the Senate the credentials and other
papers of Mr. Baxter and Mr. Snow, Senators-
elect from the State of Arkansas, for the pur-
pose of reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the papers referred to by the Senator from
Kansas be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred; does the Senator designate the
committee ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Committee on
the Judiciary. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that these documents be taken from tlie_ffles
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
brief statement to the Senate as to the condi-
tion of the State of Arkansas and as to the two
applicants for seats upon this floor. The State
of Arkansas is one of the States that never had
a provisional governor. The loyal men of that
State during ther darkest hour of the war msti-
luted proceedings for calling a convention, wi ih-
out even the knowledge, as I understand, of
the President of the United States Only loyal
men participated in the election of delegates to
the convention. That convention mot, took up
the old constitution of the State, and I uesire to
call the attention of the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] to one particular point in t!:ia
connection. I understood him in his discua-,
