THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
390S
agination or elevated sentiment, nor did lie
possess in a high degree the command of our
language, yet the force and impulse of his na-
ture, sometimes carrying him to the verge of
■frenzy, made him a public, speaker of great
power and a formidable revolutionary leader.
Implacable toward his foes, he was generous
toward his friends and untiring in his efforts
to fiBrve them.
] think it proper on this occasion to say that
on he evening before leaving this city for his
home he sent for me to examine some docu-
m«nts which he had obtained for his defense
against a recent charge that he had received
money for his services in connection with some
Indian business. Upon examination of the
papers, and as I understood the case, I thought
his vindication complete. I have understood
that upon a like examination my colleague
arrived at the same opinion.
It was a sad communication to each one of
us when we were told that one of our number
was in the hands of death. In whatever form
that messenger from another world may come,
he strikes us with awe and terror; but his
presence is never so appalling as when he lays
his destroying hand upon the human intellect,
enthrones distraction, sets the faculties at war,
and proclaims—
" Mischief, thou art afoot,
Take thou what course thou wilt!"
An active, perturbed spirit has gone from
our midst, and from this saddest permission of
Providence we are admonished of the frailty
of the human intellect, of its inability to pre-
serve itself, and of its strange and most unnat-
ural action when broken loose from the lines
prescribed for its government.
Mr. President, I second the resolutions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, Senator
Lane was a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate, and for several years our
intercourse was constant. I had come to know
him well. While he had great faults, he had
many great and good qualities of character.
He was certainly a man of no ordinary intel-
lect, not of the highest order perhaps, and was
gifted with as fine a temperament for activity
and endurance as I have ever known. He was
undoubtedly a man of courage; a man, if not
gifted with a high order of eloquence, yet pos-
sessed of great power, especially in his addreses
to popular assemblies. He certainly possessed
great power among the people of his own Stale,
and was ever faithful and most devoted to what
he deemed to be the interest of Kansas. I say
he was a man of great power in addressing a
popular assembly. I have seen and heard many
address assemblies, but I think never in my
life have I seen a popular assembly moved as
they were moved by an address of James H.
Lake, in 185G, in the State of Wisconsin.
He was a man strong in his friendships and
not less implacable in his hatreds. He was a
soldier in the Mexican war and attained dis-
tinction in it. He was from the first engaged in
the great troubles in Kansas. Passing through
scenes of violence, it is not to be wondered at
that a man of his temperament and character
should become a man of violence himself. As
is known to some of his friends, some acts
which transpired there, and especially one in
relation to the taking of the life of a fellow-
being at Lawrence, put upon his soul a burden
which was never lifted, although he couldjustify
to himself the act which had been done. As I
have said, sir, there were many great and good
qualities in his character. He was a true and
devoted and constant friend. I cannot call to
mind the circumstances under which his death
has occurred without being weighed with sad-
ness. I liave no doubt that his mind was in a
state of aberration ; that he was insane. In-
deed he had given evidence of it to some ex-
tent before he left the city of Washington; and
I have been informed, upon the authority of
his physician who atttended him at St. Louis,
that he gave evidence of it there also.
Mr. President, allusion has been made by
one who preceded me to another friend as dear
39TH CONG. 1ST SI-SS.—No. "245.
to me as any who has ever sat in this Cham-
ber, whose life was taken by his own hands.
I refer to the late Preston King. These two
events, happening within so brief a period to
two who have been so well known and so dis-
tinguished in this body, are to me a source of
deep grief.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 18, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the] reading of the
Journal of yesterday be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. On account
of the state of my health I am constrained to
ask leave of absence for the remainder of the
session.
No objection being made, the leave of ab-
sence wa3 granted.
grade of general.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
indulgence of the House to take from the Speak-
er' s table House bill No. 3, to revive the grade
of General, returned from the Senate with an
amendment.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, and the amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
That the pay proper of the General shall be 5400
per month, and his allowance for fuel and quarters,
when his headquarte% aro in Washington, shall be
at the rate of 8300 per month, and his other allow-
ances in all respects the same as are allowed to the
Lieutenant General by the second section of the act
approved February 29,1864, entitled "An act reviv-
ing the grade of Lieutenant General in the United
States Army," and the chief ofstaff to the Lieutenant
General shall be transferred and be the chief of staff
to the General, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a brigadier general in the Army of the United
States; and the act approved March 3,1SG5, entitled
"An act to provide for achief of staff to the Lieuten-
ant General commanding the armies of the United
States," is hereby repealed; and the said General
may select from the lino of the Army for service upon
his staff such number of aids, not exceeding six, as
he may judge proper, who during the term of such
such service shall each have the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a colonel of cavalry. And it is hereby
provided, that in lieu of the staff nowallowed by law
to the Lieutenant General, he shall bo entitled to two
aids and one military secretary, each to have the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant colonel
of cavalry during the term of such staff service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the words ''the line of" and insert
in lieu thereof the words " the regular Army
so that it will read, " select fro in the regular
Army." That was the meaning intended by
the mover of the amendment.
The amendment to the Senate's amendment
was agreed to; and the amendment as amended
was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
as amended was agreed to ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
memphis riot.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to file with the Clerk the report of the commit-
tee on the Memphis riot, and that the minority
be permitted to present a report.
Leave was granted.
committee ox commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
was kind enough to grant leave to the Commit-
tee on Commerce when I was unwell to report
two or three bills. I now ask the House to grant
that indulgence to the acting chairman of the
committee instead of myself.
No objection was made.
fkebdjikn's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives be directed to pi esent to the Secretary of State
the act entitled "An act to continue in force and to
amend an act for the relief of freedmen and refugees,
ana tor other purposes " together with the certificates
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives and
Sccrctary of the Senate, showing that the said act
was passed by a vote of two thirds of both Houses of
Congress after the objectionsofthePresidentthereto
had beim received, and after the reconsideration of
said act by both Houses in accordance with the Con-
stitution.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agseed to.
election contest.
Mr. McCLURGr. I presume that the House
will be gratified when I say that five minutes
need not be consumed in the consideration of
the election case of Koontz vs. Coffroth. It
was the intention of Mr. Coffroth to have ad-
dressed the House on the occasion, but yes-
terday he informed me that he had been indis-
posed for some days and had therefore made
no preparation, and he was compelled to leave
the city. He. did leave last evening, and he
authorized me to state that he was willing to
have the vote taken in the case at any time
provided leave was granted to him to print a
speech of one hour in length. I ask, therefore,
that that leave be given; and also that leave
be given to the contestant, Mr. Koontz, to
print a speech one half hour in length. And
as I have no disposition to unnecessarily detain
the House, I ask that my remarks, not exceed-
ing thirty minutes in length, may be printed.
If that be granted I will move the previous
question.
No objection was made.
[The remarks of the gentlemen will be pub-
lished it the Appendix.]
The Clerk read the resolutions reported by
the committee, as follows:
Resolved, That Alexander H. Coffroth is not en-
titled to a seat in this House as a Representative
from the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Jtiesohed, That William H. Koontz is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the six-
teenth district of Pennsylvania in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. McCLURG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Hon. William H. Kooxtz thereupon ap-
peared, was duly qualified by taking the oath
prescribed by the act of July 2, 18G2, and took
his seat.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I de-
mand the regular order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. What is the regular order?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the call of committees for reports,
commencing with the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to everything else.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. DAYIS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment to withdraw some papers.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. DAYIS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition and
articles of association of the Evangelical Lu-
theran St. John's congregation of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. McKEE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Chenault & Co.
leave of absence.
Mr. McKEE. I ask leave of absence for
the remainder of the session.
No objection was made, and the leave ot
absence was granted.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
