3906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
order of business, to call the committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
Senate No. 240, relating to the public schools
in the District of Columbia; upon which he
demanded the previous question.
So the previous«questioti was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. AVELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAIL IN THE DISTRICT Of COLUMBIA.
Mr. AVELKER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, bill of the House
No. 124, authorizing the construction of a jail,
penitentiary, and house of correction in and
for the District of Columbia.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. AVELKEU moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter mo Lion was agreed to.
RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. AVELKEU, from the Committee for the
Distiict of Columbia, reported back, with a
substitute, House bill No. 230, to amend an
act to extend the charter of the Alexandiia
and Georgetown Railroad Company, passed
March 3, iK03.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that the AVashington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Railroad Company, a corporation
lawfully succeeding to the charter, rights, and
privileges of the Alexandria and Georgetown
ltailroad Company, shall be authorized to ex-
tend said railroad from the track as now laid,
or as the same may hereafter be laid, through
Maryland avenue, at the intersection of Sixth
street wesl, through and along Sixth to a point
at the intersection of Pennsylvania avenue,
which may be suitable for a depot for passen-
gers and freight.
Tb^ second section provides that the com-
pany shall bo authorized to extend their rail-
road from the track as the same is now or may
hereafter be laid through Maryland avenue at
the intersection with Virginia avenue, through
and along said Virginia, avenue in an easterly
direction, to the intersection of D street south,
and thence along 1) street and along AVashing-
ton canal to New Ji-vm-y avenue; thence by a
curve of not less than a thousand feet radius
to a point in square No. 732; thence by a tun-
nel to a point in square No. 893 ; thence by a
curve into Eighth street east, and thence by
the most direct and eligible route to the inter-
section of the Washington branch of the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad.
The third section provides that the provisions
of section three of the act to which this is an
amendment shall be applicable to the extension
of said road pr track hereby authorized, and it
shall be lawful for said company to construct a
bridge and draw across the AVashington canal, erf
such plans and dimensions as may be approved
by the corporation of AVashington, and so as not
to interfere with the navigation of said canal,
and also to use steam power for the transpor-
tation of passengers and freight over said
The fourth section provides that the rail-
road company shall be required to pay all dam-
age resulting to private property, and in the
event of the company and the owner or owners
of such private property failing to agree upon
the amount of damages and the value of the pri-
vate property appropriated, such proceedings
shall thereupon be had for the assessment of
damages as are authorized and required by the
laws now in force in the District of Columbia
regulating the assessmentof damages for open-
ing streets, roads, and alleys in the District;
and upon the payment or tender to the owners
of the amount of damages so assessed, the com-
pany shall acquire the right to use and occupy
all such lands so appropriated as may be ne-
cessary for the proper working and running of
said road.
The fifth section provides that if at any time
any other railroad company shall desire to use
and occupy the tunnel authorized by this act,
either on the same track or another alongside
thereof, they shall have the right to do so,
upon such fair and reasonable terms as may
be agreed upon by said parties to such joint
occupancy; and in case the parties cannot
agree, the supreme court of the District of
Columbia shall fix the terms.
The sixth section provides that this act shall
go into effect from the time of its passage.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. AVELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. AVELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
the same do pass, Senate bill No. 187, to
amend the acts approved August 6, 1801, and
July 10, 1802, establishing a Metropolitan
police in the District of Columbia, to increase
the efficiency thereof, and for other purposes.
The bill, which was read, provides, in the
first section, that the chief executive officer of
the police shall hereafter be styled major; the
present sergeants shall be called lieutenants;
and roundsmen called sergeants, and the patrol-
men called privates; and that, in addition to
the officers and employes the commissioners
of the Metropolitan police, in the District, of
Columbia are now authorized by law to ap-
point, the commissioners be authorized to ap-
point one captain, who shall be the inspector of
the force, command it in sickness or absence i
of the major, and perform such other duties
as the-commissioners may direct; one clerk in
the office of the major, who shall have charge
of the records of the sanitary company, and
perform such duties as the major, by direction
or with the approval of the commissioners,
may prescribe; twenty sergeants and fitly pa-
trolmen or privates.
The second seclion provides thatthe provis-
ions of the sixth section of the act of July 10, i
1802, authorizing the selection of justices of the !
peace by the board of police to officiate at the j
respective station-houses, be construed to pro- !
vide for the hearing of all cases of offense against
statutory, corporation, or common law, of which
the board is charged by law with the execu-
tion ; and all fines imposed by any justice within
either of the jurisdictions of the Metropolitan
police district shall be, by the justices impos-
ing the same, paid into the hands of the treas-
urer of the board of police, on the first Thursday
after the same shall have been collected, who
shall duly receipt therefor, in duplicate, to the
credit of the city or county within which the
offense was committed; and such justice shall,
in each case, return the original receipt to the
treasurer of the same jurisdiction; and the
treasurer of the police board shall pay over
such sums monthly to the proper officers of
said city or county, upon proper receipts, ex-
cept as afterward provided.
ft is provided in the third section that from
and after the expiration of licenses already
granted it shall be unlawful for any person or
persons keeping an ordinary, restaurant, sa-
loon, or other place where spirit,ous liquors
are sold within the District of Columbia, to
give, sell, or dispose of any intoxicating drinks
without a license approved by the board of
police ; and hereafter no such license shall be
considered legal by any of the authorities hav-
ing jurisdiction within the District, until the
same shall have been approved by the board
of police and so certified by the secretary
thereof under the office seal.
The third section proposes to enact that the
board of police shall provide specific rules ftir
uniform clothing of the police force, which
shall be procured by each of the members
thereof respectively, strictly in conformity
with such rules, at his own expense and risk,
and he shall be removed from such force for
not complying with such rules.
The fourth section provides that from and
after the passage of this act the property clerk
of the Metropolitan police district shall be
vested with all the powers now conferred by
law upon notaries public and justices of the
peace in the District of Columbia. He may
administer oaths and certify depositions which
may be necessary to establish the ownership
of any property or money lost, abandoned, or
returned to him under the directions of the
board of police, other than such as may be
so returned as the proceeds of crime ; and
upon satisfactory evidence of such ownership
he shall deliver the same to said owner, his
heirs and legal representatives, and to him or
them only, except it be proven impracticable
for such owner, heirs, or representatives to
appear, when the same may be delivered and
receipted for upon such proof of ownership
and the filing in the office of said property
clerk of a duly executed power of attorney
from the owner or his heirs or legal repre-
sentatives. And any property or money re-
turned to the property clerk as the proceeds
of crime, and which shall not be called for as
evidence by any proceeding in the courts of
the District within one year from the date of
such return, may, unless specially claimed
by the owner within that time, be thereafter
treated as other unclaimed, abandoned, or
lost property or money, as provided in the act
of July 10, 1SG2.
The fifth section proposes to enact that where
animals or articles of property, other than
money, are returned to the property clerk as
the proceeds of crime, when shown by suffi-
cient evidence to be necessary for the current
use of the owners and not for sale, (except
perishable property that may be delivered to
the owner on ample security being taken by
the committing magistrate for his appearance
at the criminal court to prosecute the case,)
the board of police shall have power, in its
discretion, to authorize the property clerk to
place the same in the custody of such owners
upon sufficient bonds being given by the owner
or owners in the sum of twice the value thereof,
conditioned for the production of the same at
any time within one year, when required for
use in court as evidence in any proceeding
thereon, in accordance with the provisions re-
quired by the act of July 10, 1802. Large
quantities of goods held for sale by the owners,
that may come into the possession of the piop-
erty clerk as the proceeds of crime, may be
delivered to the owner, his heirs, or represent-
atives, as provided in section eight of this act,
upon ample security to prosccute. except those
of an estimated value of fifty dollars, which
shall be retained by the property clerk until
the discharge or conviction of the accused, as
required by the act.
It is provided in the sixth section that here-
after no person shall assume or practice the
occupation of detective within the limits of the
District of Columbia who shall not first receive
a specific appointment for that purpose ; or if
pursuing the detection of criminals as a pri-
vate business outside of such authority, and
not otherwise specifically authorized by law,
any person so practicing shall enter into bonds
to the board of police with surety in the sum
