1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
is my duty constantly to plead here for justice
to?those freedmenwho have done so much and
placed you under undying obligations. I hope
I am not indifferent also to those national cred-
itors who have supplied the means which helped
your triumph; nor yet again to those soldiers,
.whether on land or sea, who have so power-
fully served the national cause. But there is
still another class, for whom no one has yet
spoken on this floor, who have contributed to
your success not less than the soldier or the
creditor; I was almost about to say not less
than the freedman; I mean the mechanics of
this country. They, sir, have helped you to
carry on this war to its victorious close. With-
out the mechanics where would you have been?
What would have been your equipments on the
land ? Where would hav#been thai marvelous
navy on the sea? It was the skilled labor of
this country, coming so promptly to the rescue,
which gave you that power which carried you
on from victory to victory.
Now, sir, the practical question is, whether
these mechanics, who have done so much to
turn the tide of battle, shall be losers by the
skill, the labor, and the time which they de-
voted to your triumph? Tell me not, sir, that
they acted according to their contract. To that
I reply, the war disturbed that contract, and it
is your duty here, sitting as a high court in
equity, to review all the circumstances of the
case and "to see in what way the remedy may
be fitly applied. You cannot turn away from
the equities of the case. You cannot treat it
literally and severely according to the precise
terms of the contract. You must go into those
vital considerations which arise out of the
peculiar circumstances of the case.
There are several facts which are obvious to
all. They have been alluded to already in
this debate. A Senator on the other side of
the Chamber has alluded to them. In the first
place, there was the general increase in the
price of labor and material that ensued after
these contracts were made. Nobody doubts
that. There was, then, in the second place,
another fact somewhat connected with the first.
I mean the change in the currency. There was,
then, in the third place, what has been alluded
to several times, the changes made in the
models of these vessels at the Navy Depart-
ment, which necessarily imposed upon these
contractors additional expense and labor. Then
there was another circumstance to which my
attention has been directed latterly—I believe,
however, the Senator from Iowa alluded to it
yesterday—that at the moment of the war, when
labor was the highest, when it was most diffi-
cult to obtain it, there came an order from the
proper authorities exempting those wholabored
in the arsenals and public yards of the United
States from enrollment. Of course all who
were then working in private yards or with
contractors, naturally, so far as they could, hur-
ried under the national flag that they _inight
become workmen there and thus obtain ex-
emption from enrollment. I have here an order
from the Navy Department which I believe has
not yet been introduced into this debate, and
which I will read. It is introduced by an order
from the War Department, as follows:
[Circular No. 28.]
"Wak Department,
Provost ^Marshal General's Office,
Washington, D. C„ July 25,1864.
Skilled mechanics and operatives employed in the
armories, arsenals, and navy-yards of the^ United
States who shall be drafted, and, on examination,
held to service, will not bo required to reportfor duty
under such draft so Ion? as they remain in th« afore-
said service, provided the officer in charge shall cer-
tify that their labor, as mechanics or operatives, is
necessary for the naval or military service.
JAMES li. FKY,
Provost Marshal General.
Then comes the supplementary order from
the"Navy Department, as follows:
In accordance with the provisions of the circular,
should "skilled mechanics and operatives" employed
in the yard be drafted, the commandant will certify
to the Provost Marshal General that "their labor as
mechanics or operatives is necessary for the naval"
service. The exemption from military duty contin-
ues only so long as the drafted persons are employed
in the navy-yard; and should either of them leave
for any cause the fact will be immediately reported
to the Provost Marshal General. The commandant
will decide what operatives come within the provis-
ions of the circular.
Very respectfully, GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
To Commandants of Navy-Yards.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. What is the date of
that?
Mr. SUMNER. " Navy Department, 13th
of August, 1864."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Now, I should like to
ask, at what time were these contracts given
out for the building of these ships ? In 1862,1
believe.
Mr. SUMNER. In 1862 and 1863.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. What proportion of the
work, then, was done after the issuance of this
order ?
Mr. SUMNER. That I am not able to say.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. We ought to know that,
in order to see what effect that order is to have
on our deliberations.
Mr. CLARK. Many of them were finished
a year before that.
Mr. SUMNER. But I take it they were not
all finished at that time. Surely they were not.
This order illustrates very plainly the disturbing
influence from the war; and-this brings me
again to press this point upon your attention.
I mention certain particulars in which this ap-
peared ; but I wish to bring home to your minds
the controlling consideration that we were in a
time of war, vast in its proportions, and most
disturbing in its influence. This alone is enough
to account for the failure of these contractors
to complete their contracts. 'We were not in
a period of peace, and you err if you undertake
to hold these contractors to all the austere
responsibilities to which you might properly
hold them in a period of peace.
The Senator from Kentucky said that they
took the war into their calculations. Perhaps
they did; but who among these contractors
could take that war adequately into his calcu-
lations? Who among those sitting here or at
the other end of the avenue properly appreci-
ated the character of the groat contest that was
then coming on? Sir, we had passed half a
century in peace ; we knew nothing of war or
of war preparations, when all at once we were
called to efforts on this gigantic scale. Are
you astonished that these contractors did not
know more about the war than your statesmen?
Be to these contractors as gentle in judgment
and as considerate as you have been to others
in public life who have erred in their calcula-
tions with regard to it.
I have said that the interest now in question
was the great mechanical interest of the coun-
try. It is an interest, let me add, that is not
local, as this bill is forthebenefitof mechanics
in all parts of the loyal States, from Maryland
in the South to Massachusetts and Maine in the
North and East, and then stretching from New
York on the sea-board to Missouri beyond the
Mississippi. I have here a list of the States
interested, through different contractors, in this
very bill. I will read it: Maine, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland,
Ohio, Illinois, Missouri, and even California.
The 'interest for which I am now speaking
crosses the mountains and goes to the Pacific
ocean.
I said that this was the skilled labor of the
country. What labor more_ valuable; what
service, while the war was going on, more im-
portant! If these mechanics did'not expose
their persons in the peril of battle, they gave
their skill to prepare others to achieve the vic-
tory. It was in ancient times that the oracle
saicl to the city in danger, "Look to your
wooden walls." The oracle in our country
said, 1' Look to your iron-clads and y our double-
enders;" and these mechanics came forward
and by their generous labor enabled you to put
those iron-clads and double-enders on the
ocean, and thus to secure the final triumph.
The building of that invulnerable navy was
one of the great victories of the war, not to
be commemorated on any special field, but to
be seen in those mighty results which" we all
now enjoy.
And now again I ask, are you ready to see
these contractors who have done this service
sacrificed ? You do not allow the soldier - to
be sacrificed, nor the national creditor who
has taken your stock. Will you allow the
mechanic to be sacrificed? There are many
of them who, without your help, must suffer.
One of the most enterprising and faithful in
the whole country is a constituent of my oA,
who during the last year has been obliged to
go into bankruptcy from his inability to meet
liabilities growing out of the war, and at this
moment he finds no chance of relief except in
what a just Government may return to him.
My friend on my right [Mr. Nye] asked you
to be magnanimous to these contractors. I
do not put it in that way. I ask you simply to
be just. Do by them as you would be done by.
The Senator from Nevada also very fitly
reminded you of the experience of other coun-
tries. He told you that England, at the close
of the Crimean war, when her mechanics had
suffered precisely as your mechanics have suf-
fered, did not allow them to be sacrificed, but
every ponnd and shilling of all their liabilities
under their contracts was promptly met by that
Government. Will you be less just to your
mechanics than England? It is an old saying
that republics are ungrateful. I hope that this
Republic may certainly vie with any monarchy
in gratitude to those who have served it. You
have shown great energy in meeting your ene-
mies. I ask you to show a commensurate
energy in doing justice to those who have con-
tributed to your success.
Now, sir, the practical question remains,
what shall be paid? I, of course, shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada raising the percentage in the proposition
of the Senator from Iowa to fifteen per cent.;
but I am free to say that does not satisfy me.
I prefer the report of the committee, and I will
tell you precisely why. I prefer it because it
is founded on the judgment of a court. I do
not use the language hastily. I say it is founded
on what for practical purposes may be called
the judgment of a court. It was by a resolu-
tion of this body that a commission was con-
stituted of honorable gentlemen having the
confidence of the country, oj^e of them an emi-
nent commodore in the Navy; another a pay-
master, and another an engineer; three gen-
tlemen who from their education and position
were supposed to be peculiarly competent to
deal with such matters, and to them these cases
were submitted. They sat as a tribunal for
months : they listened to all the evidence that
was brought before them; and you have now
before you their final judgment. They were a
court of claims created by yourselves to deal
with these cases.
Mr. K1RKW0QD. I should be glad to
call the attention of the Senator to the fact that
the board was constituted for this purpose:
"To inquire into and determine how much theves--
sels-of-war and steam machinery contracted for by
the Department in the years 1862 and 1863 cost the
contiactors over and above the contract price and
allowance for extra work."
They were organized for the purpose of as-
certaining just what the cost was, not concern-
ing the question whether it ought to be allowed
or not. It was a mere question of dollars and
cents, a matter of figures. It does not touch
the question whether we should make the al-
lowance that they report.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not pretend to say—
1 hope my friend will understand me—that
their report is, technically, in the form of a
judgment of a court; but I do submit that
under the circumstances of the case it is to be
taken by us as of similar value. It is the find-
ing of a tribunal created to consider this very
question. Sir, do we not almost every day act
'in the judgment of the Court of Claims, sitting
m another part of this building? We accept
their deliberations, and do not undertake to
open their judgments, except in rare cases. I
do not mean to gay that the Senate may not
open the judgment of the Court of Claims, nor
