1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3907
of not less than $10,000, to be approved by the
board of police, for a faithful and correct re-
turn to the board, in such manner and at such
times as the board of police shall direct, of all
business transacted by sueh private detective;
and in each and every case of a forfeiture of
sueh bond or bonds for failure to make sueh
returns to the board as required, or for failure
of persons accused by such bonded private de-
tectives to appear to answer charges in court,
it shall be the duty of the attorney of the Uni-
ted States for the said District to immediately
prosecute the sureties thereon to the full ex-
tent of a recovery of the forfeitures. And it
is declared the duty of any person prosecuting
the business of private detcctive who may arrest
a person for crime to bring the person arrested
■with all evidence of the alleged crime, includ-
ing property or money which may become evi-
dence, immediately to the office of the super-
intendent of police, or the nearest Metropolitan
police station, where the case shall undergo an
examination before the magistrate assigned
thereto, and all laws or parts of laws that gov-
ern the Metropolitan police in the matters of
persons^ property, or money, shall hereafter
be applicable to detectives, (or to persons
practicing as detectives, whatever other name
they may assume,) who shall make like returns
and dispositions thereof, as required by law
and the rules of the board of police governing
the Metropolitan police force.
The sixth section proposes to enact that upon
the execution of a private detective's bond, it
shall be the duty of such private defectives to
report to the secretary of the board of police,
who shall file such bond and record the name,
age, description, nationality, and residence of
such private detective; and it shall be unlaw-
ful for such detectives, or any member of the
Metropolitan police force, or for any and all
other persons, to compromise a felony or any
other unlawful act, or to participate in, assent
to, aid, or assist any person suspected of crime
to escape a full judicial examination by failing
to give known facts or reasonable causes of
suspicion, or withholding any information rel-
ative to the charge or suspicion from the police
magistrate or justice, or in any manner to re-
ceive any money, property, favor, or other com-
pensation from, or on account of, any person
arrested or subject to arrest for any crime or
supposed crime, or to permit any such person
to go at large without due effort to secure an
investigation of such supposed crime. For any
violation of the provisions of this section, the
policeman or private detective, or other person
guilty, is to bo deemed as having compromised
a felony, and to be thereafter prohibited from
acting as an officer of the Metropolitan police
force or as a private detective, and is to be
prosecuted to the extent of the law for aiding
criminals to escape the ends of justice.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mess ag 13 pe05i tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 410) for the relief of Sol-
omon P. Smith;
.An act (S. No. 46) for the relief of Henry
M. Whittlesey;
An act (S. No. 354) for the relief of Edward
P. McKinney, of Binghamton, New York, late
captain and assistant commissary of subsist-
ence *
An act (S. No. 388) for the relief of Lewis
Dyer, late surgeon of the eighty-first regiment
Illinois volunteers;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) for the
relief of Milton McKinnon;
An act (S. No. 413) for the relief of Miss
Sue Murphey;
An act (S. No. 434) for the relief of Mrs.
Amelia Peastcr;
An act (S. No. 431) for the relief of Wash-
ington Crosland;
An act (S. No. 435) for the relief of Alexan-
der P. Pratt;
An act (S. No. 324) for the relief of John
Hastings;
An act (S. No. 433) for the relief of E. J.
Curley;
An act (S. No. 429) for the relief of Janes,
Fowler, Kirtland & Co.;
An act (S. No. 16) for the relief of Josiah
0. Armes; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) to amend an
act entitled "An act to authorize the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and China," approved Feb-
ruary 17, 18G5.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 521) for the benefit of
Henry Home;
An act (H. R. No. 421) for the relief of
James G. Holland, late acting assistant pay-
master United States Navy,
An act (H. R. No. 517) for the relief of
Liston H. Pearce;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) for the
relief of John Wells & Sons, of Baltimore;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) for the
relief of Caroline A. Randall, administratrix
and widow of Charles B. Randall, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of the
heirs,of Horace I. Hodges; and
An act (H. R. No. 629) for the benefit of
William G. Lee.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bills and joint resolution of
the following titles, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 695) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Wheeler, of Bangor, Maine;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 119) for the
relief of Isaac Ranney_, internal revenue col-
lector for the eighth district of Ohio; and
An act (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of the
owners of the bark Maria Henry.
canal and seweeage company.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
amendments, Senate bill No. 190, to incorpo-
rate the District of Columbia Canal and Sewer-
age Company.
The bill was read.
The amendments reported by the committee
were to change the names of some of the cor-
porators and to insert at the end of section
seventeen the words "except in the mode and
manner as hereinbefore provided for."
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 now demand the pre-
vious question on the amendments.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I hope the gentleman
will not call the previous question without some
explanation about the amendments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Ipresumetherewillbe
very little explanation required. We have
stricken out some of the names of the incorpo-
rators and inserted others.
Mr. F. THOMAS. How in regard to the
last amendment?
Mr. INGERSOLL The last amendment
provides for the condemnation of private or
public property in the manner provided by the
preceding sections of the bill and in no other
way.
Sir. F.THOMAS. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an explanation about this amend-
ment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. How long u ill it require?
Mr. F. THOMAS. 'I declare I cannot tell:
about twenty minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This bill lias been very
thoroughly discussed in the House on a pre-
vious occasion, and the gentleman himself has
discussed it at great length.
Mr. P. THOMAS. I shall object to any-
thing hcin  said on the part of the gentlemim
from Illinois unless he will allow me to resnond.
He calls the previous question and it stops
debate.
Mr. ALLEY. Is it in order to move to lay
the wihole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER. Not now, while the gen-
tleman from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question- of order.
By wffat authority does the gentleman from
Illinois use the name of t.he assessor of my
district, Mr. Babcock, in this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. By the authority of the
committee.
Mr. HALE. I trust the gentleman will cor-
rect the grammar of his last amendment before
it goes into the bill by striking out the word
"as." Itreads" except in the mode and man-
ner as herein provided for."
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is immaterial one
way or the other.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered: and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Ixgeksoll and Alley.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 40. m
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I de-
mand the yeas and nays on ordering the main
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 51, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks, Baxter, Benj amin,Bingham,Broomall,Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Delano, Deming,
Donnelly, Driggs. Eggleston, Eliot, Farnswortli, Ber-
ry, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, lligby,
Holmes, Hooper, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes. Julian, Iletcham,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, "William Lawrcnee,
Longyear, Lynch, MeClurg, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Raymond, Rollins, Saw-
yer, Sehenck, Shellabiirgcr, Stevens, Thayer, Trow-
bridge. Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Welker,
W'omworth, Williams, Stephen 1'. Wilson, Windom,
and W oodbridge—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baker, Bidwell, Bout-
well, Boyer, Rromwell, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Eck-
ley, Eldridge.Glos&brenner.Grider, Hale.Aaron Hard-
ing, AsahelW. llubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Kasson. Kelley, Kerr, Latham,Loan,
McCullousrh, McKee, Morris, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Orth, Price, Samuel J. Randall. William H.
Randall, John II. Rice, Bitter, Ross, Scolield, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Tabsr, Tas'lor, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble. Warner, Wha-
ley, James P. Wilson, and Wright—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona, James M.Ashley,
Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee. Buckland, Chanter, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont.Farquhar, Finck, Garfield, Goodyear,
(Mnnoll.Griswold, Harris, Hayes, Hill, Hogan.Hotch-
kiss, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. iiubbell, Jones,
Kelso, George V. Lawrcnee. Le Blond, Marshall,
Marston, Marvin, Molndoe, Patterson. Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Radford, Alexander H. Rice. Rogers, Rous-
seau, Shanklin. Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Stl'ouse,
linson. Van Aernam, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, and
Wmfield—02.
So the main question was ordered.
The question being upon the amendments
reported by the Committee for the District of
Columbia, "it was put; and_ there were—ayes
46, noes 38: no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL, of'Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas Go, nays 47, not voting
70; as follows.
YE AS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Barker, Baxter,
Bidwell, Bingham, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Delano, Denims, Eggle-
ston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Henderson, Iligby, Holmes, John II.
Hubbard, James R. Iiubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Julian, Keteham, Koontz, Longyear, Lynch,
MeClurg, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, .Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Moulton. Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Per-
ham, Pike, Plants, Price, Raymond, Rollins, Saw-
yer, Sehcnek, Shellabarger, Steven:;, Thayer, Prow-
bridge, Hurt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, \V imams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and W oodbnclge—&>.
NAYS-Messrs. Alley, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwcll, Davis, Dawson,
Eckley, Eldridgo, Glossbrenner, finder, Hale. Aaron
Hardmsr, Chester I)  Hubbard, Humphrey, Ivasson,
Kelley, Kerr, Kiiykendall, Latham, George \ . Law-
ranee, William Lawrcnee, Loan, MeCullmigh, Mor-
ris, Nihlaiik, Nicholson, Orth, Samuel J. Kanuail,
