1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tar.ce of those residing farthest from the capital was
not half so great as that of a very largo portion of
the members at the present day, and when, too,
travel was often on horseback, or at. least m coaches,
thus involving great delays and expense as com-
pared with the present mode of travel by rail and
free tickets, and those more remote from the capital
are enabled' to draw more money in mileage than in
their whole salary and daily pay, to the great dis-
paragement of those who reside near the capital,
and are nlikesubjected to the largely increased cost
of living as compared with what it was at the time
such salary and daily pay were fixed: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations be
instructed to bring in a bill so regulating and equal-
izing the'mileage and pay of members of Congress as
will distribute amonj all of them the aggregate now
paid in just proportion to the expenses necessarily
incurred while at the capital and in traveling to and
from the same: Provided, That the whole amount to
be so paid shall not exceed the whole amount now
paid for salary and mileage.
Hesoloed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to thisHouse the respective amounts
drawn bvthesevcrnl members of both branches of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress as salary and as mileage sep-
arately, together with the number of miles for which
each one was paid.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman to refer the resolutions to the Commit-
tee on Mileage. The law now fixes the pay of
members of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to have the law-
remedied. I insist on the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
The.SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Farxsworth
and Boyer.
The House .again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 05, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The preamble and resolutions were adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the
vole by which the preamble and resolutions
were adopted ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
The morning hour having expired, the House,
agreeably to order, resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 543, to restore to the States
lately in insurrection their full political rights,
on which Mr. Hart was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HART. I yield to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mi'. Speaker, it is
apparent that this House is not prepared to
seize upon the full measure of the opportunity
now presented for a full, just, and final settle-
ment of the grave questions involved in the
restoration of the insurgent States to their
practical relations with the Government of the
United States. I fear that that comprehensive
statesmanship which cares for posterity as well
as for itself will not leave its impress upon the
measure we are now considering. My fear does
not arise from any apprehension that we are
likely to go too far and make our legislation too
searching and far-reaching. Such a result is
rarely accomplished by men. Radical ideas are
always, in a greater or less degree, weighed
downandimpeded in their onward march by the
possessors of that element of timidity which we
are accustomed to call conservatism. No great
reform is ever accomplished with the aid of
those who, for the time being, denominate them-
selves conservatives. Such persons always
insist upon having things as they are, and con-
tinuing them in that state forever. There is
not enough of this element in this Congress to
preventa change in the existing state of affairs ;
but there is sufficient to prevent such "a change
being made as would secure to this Republic a
future of rest. We will stop short of the point
of absolute safety; but we nevertheless will
accomplish a great work, which time will carry
on and complete.
This Government needs the active support
in the insurgent States of all its true friends.
Every man in those States who is a friend to
the Government of the United States ought to
be intrusted with the ballot in its defense. A
majority of the people of those States who
engaged in the rebellion are as hostile to the
Government now as they were at any period
of the war. The Union men are in a hopeless
minority in most of those States, and will so
remain for many years unless some means are
devised to reenforce them by extending the
rigiit of suffrage to the great column of loyal
citizens ready at any moment to act with the
white Unionists in a common political defense
of themselves and of the Government. Many
of the loyal whites of the South are anxious to
be thus reenforced. Some of them have told
me that they hoped Congress would put some-
thing into its legislation for the restoration of
the insurgent States which would enable them
to raise the issue of impartial suffrage in their
several States. Upon being so informed I
proposed the following amendment to the bill
now under consideration:
That whenever the above-recited amendment
shall have become part of the Constitution of the
United States, and any State lately in insurrection
shall have ratified the same, and shall have modi-
fi edits constitution and laws in conformity therewith,
the Senatois and Representatives from such State,
if found duly elected and qualified, may, after hav-
ing taken the required oaths of office, be admitted
into Congress as such: Provided, That if any State,
after ratifying said amendment and conforming its
constitution and laws therewith, shall establish an
equal and just system ot suifi age for all malecitizens
within its jurisdiction who ai e not le>s than twenty-
one years of age, the Senators and Representatives
from such State shall be admitted as aforesaid, with-
out being required to a wait the action ot other States
on said amendment: Aiulprovidetlfiu liter, That noth-
ing in this section contained shall be so construed as
to require the disfranchisement of any loyal person
who is now entitled to vote.
This amendment has been examined by sev-
eral of the earnest Union men of the South now
in this city, and has received their approval.
They assert that it will afford them an oppor-
tunity to raise the issue of impartial suffrage,
with a fair prospect of success, in several of the
insurrectionary States, and avow that a failure
to secure such suffrage will seal the doom of
the true loyalists of the southern States. Hence
I urge that if the pleadings of justice are not
sufficient to secure the adoption of this amend-
ment let us at least yield to the promptings of
expediency, and give this means of defense to
those who desire it.
But, sir, not only do the white loyalists of
the South need the aid of the votes of every
loyal man in the South, bat the Republiealso
needs them. The destructive doctrine of seces-
sion is not dead, nor is it even sleeping. It is
as firmly rooted in the minds of those who
waged war to enforce it as it was before the
first gun was fired in the late great civil war.
They have not yielded one iota of the claim
they made of the right of a State to secede,
and we need votes as well as theories to over-
come and crush out the life of this mischievous
heresy. The doctrine of the unity of the Re-
public needs the vote of every friend in the
southern States. Why, sir. even the President
himself does not regard this question as finally
decided by the conflict of arms. In his last
annual message the following singular passage
occurs:
*' It is manifest that treason, most flagrant in its
character, has been committed. Persons who are
charged with its commission should have fair and
impartial trials in the highest caviltribunals of the
country, in order that the Constitution and the laws
may be fully vindicated: the truth clearly established
and affirmed that treason is a crime, that traitors
should be punished and the offense made infamous;
and, at the same time, that the question may bo ju-
dicially settled, finally and forever, that no Stste of
its own will has the right to renounce its place in the
tjnion."
This suggestion is enough to cause every se-
cessionist in the country to rcjoice, for it merely
changes the venue from "sovereign conven-
tions" of the States to the courts. In so far as
this passage affirms the existence of the crime
of treason and pronounces in favor of its pun-
ishment, it is well enough, but when it follows
this with the declaration that treason trials are
desirable not alone for the punishment of trai-
tors but also "that the question may be ju-
dicially settled, finally and forever, that no
State of its own will has the right to renounce
its place in the Union,'' it becomes freighted
with an amount of mischief which never should
have found place in a President's message. The
right of a State to renounce its place in the
Union never had any existence, and is, there-
fore, not a question for judicial determination.
The power of a State to renounce its place in
the Union was a question for armies to decide.
Finally and forever it has been decided by the
tribunal to which it was referred unless it be
unsettled by casting it into the jurisdiction of
the courts, as is suggested in the passage which.
I have quoted from the message of the Pres-
ident.
If a State has a right to " renounce its place
in the Union" the citizens of the State have a
right to accept its decision and follow its for-
tunes. This hypothetical proposition involves
the very life of the nation, the unity of the
Republic. If it may be determined judicially
disaster must result, no matter on which side
the decision may stand. If the "right to re-
nounce" be affirmed, then there is no treason
and the Union is dissolved. If it be denied,
another trial may reverse the judgment, so that
certainty of result would have disunion alone
for a handmaid, for a decree of dissolution
would be the only one not subject to reversal.
'The unity of this Republic needs not to be
judicially pronounced. It is the Republic.
Courts have nothing to do with it. It would
be a crime against the people for judges to per-
mit its discussion, and judicial treason for them
to assume jurisdiction over it. Armies alone
can discuss it. Battles alone can decide it.
All other tribunals must accept the unity of
the nation as a fact, about which hangs no un-
certainty, and concerning which there must be
no disputation. The people settled this ques-
tion when they ordained the Government, and
left no pretense for President or judge or legis-
lator to meddle with it. From "we, the peo-
ple of the United States," comes the high com-
mand to Executive, court, and Congress to
accept without doubting, to defend without fal-
tering, to enforce by all the powers embodied
in the Constitution, including the grand and
unlimited powers of the right of self-preserva-
tion, the sovereign unity which constitutes us
a nation.
Ail true friends of the country must regret
that the President permitted this serpent to
nestle itself in his message. The certainty of
a proper determination of the question by the
Supreme Court of the United States as now
constituted is no apology for the presence of
the mischicvons thing. The death of judges
and the mutations of parties are unsafe pre-
servers of judicial decrees. The tenure of of-
fice of a judge, although it be for life, is too
short, where with to measure the life of a nation.
The purity and patriotism of particular judges
are no sure guarantees that the same bright
qualities will always abide with the_ court, for
judges die but courts do not. Patriots of to-
day mav be succeeded by conspirators to-mor-
row : but the court remains. Treason lurked
in this Hall. It may at some time be enrobed
on the bench of the Supreme Court. These
considerations all show how grave would be
the blunder of submitting as a question for the
decision of any court the "right of a State
to renounce its place in the Union," and that
the question cannot be "settled finally and
forever" by easting it into the ever-changing
stream of judicial opinion.
Perhaps the convention of Georgia believed
the "right of a State to renounce hs place in
the Union" a question for judicial decision,
and therefore repealed the ordinance of seces-
sion which plunged that State into war instead
of declaring it null and void. Doubtless Jeff.
Davis, should he ever be brought to trial, would
like to have his case crowned with a judicial
affirmance of the right of a State to renounce
its place in the Union, and thereby win for him-
self and for the South that which armies and
battle and all the woes of war could not secure
for them—the disintegration of this Republic.
Courts can be changed, destroyed, and crer
ated by Congress and the President. The future
may find an outgoing Congress and a retiring
President turning in the last few months of
their power upon the Supreme Court, ami
