1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
do I say they may not, if they choose, open
the finding of this tribunal which has been con-
stituted under a resolution of the Senate ; "but
I submit that you have before you a proper
authority for your conclusion, and I ask you,
why go behind their report, especially when
that report is commended by the Navy Depart-
ment itself, and by the NavalCommittee of the
Senate?
The case seems to me to be unanswerable;
it is impregnable. I put it, first, on the ground
of original equity, growing out of the abnor-
mal condition of war; in the second piece, I
put it upon the ground that it has been heard
and considered by a tribunal practically of
your own selection; and I may add, in the
third place, that all this has been admitted and
recognized by a committee of your body. I
hope you will not hesitate to do justice.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts is perfectly familiar
with this report, and as I know but little about
it I rise merely for the purpose of getting some
information in order to guard myself in my
vote. I desire to ask him if the board consti-
tuted under the resolution of the Senate heard
any evidence whatever beyond that which was
presented by the contractors themselves. I
call his attention to the minutes of the board:
"The board, after a critical examination of the
bills of cost presented by the several contractors for
vessels and steam machinery contracted for in the
years 1862 and 1863, who have appeared and made
sworn statements, has determined the excess of cost
in the several eases, over and above tho contract
price and allowance for extra work, to be as follows."
The minutes of their proceeding do not show
that they heard any testimony whatever except
that which was brought by the contractors
themselves, the bills of cost which they pre-
sented and which they swore were the bills
that entered into the construction of these ves-
sels. I ask the Senator if he has any informa-
tion on that subject, whether they were author-
ized, or whether they did take other testi-
mony than that which was presented to them?
I suppose they were authorized to do so.
Mr. SITMNEft. I will say to my friend that
I have no information beyond what appears in
the report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow me, there was other
evidence taken by the board. What was the
entire evidence before the board is not com-
municated in the record of the board, but in
reading the record of the board I find that there
was additional evidence to that of the con-
tractors themselves taken.
Mr. HENDERSON. Upon what points?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upon the character
and cost of the work.
Mr. HENDERSON. By whom were the
witnesses suggested?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The board took the
testimony of naval constructors. I believe
they are officers in the Navy.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire if there was
anybody else examined besides these construct-
ors and officers connected with the Navy?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
these constructors to be contractors. They are
officers of the Navy.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly, I understand that-;
but I do not find in looking over the report
that anybody beyond those were summoned as
witnesses
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not prepared just
now to say that there was anybody beside these
naval constructors.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see any in the
report.
Mr. HENDERSON. Although my friend
from Massachusetts has made a very earnest
speech in favor of allowing these claims, and
from which I was very much struck with the
merit (as I supposed) of the claims, yet he
seems not to be perfectly conversant with the
whole case. 1 think he is rather generous on
this occasion, and jumps at the conclusion that
these contractors are entitled to something too
readily. It springs, however, from his mag-
nanimous and generous nature, I think. I
desire, therefore, to ask the Senator from In-
diana, who seems to have given attention to
this subject, whether these contractors con-
tracted for other vessels than those named in
this report of the committee during the exist-
ence of the war between 1861, the time of its
commencement, and 1865, the time of its close.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that the board
has given us no evidence upon that question}
but I understand that some of theseeontractors
did construct other vessels, and some did not.
For instance, I understand that the Messrs.
Secor constructed either four or five vessels, I
do not know which, and their claim here is for
three. I did hear, though from no authentic
source, that Messrs. Eads & Co., of St. Louis,
did some other work forthe Government beyond
that mentioned in this bill, but what that work
was I do not know.
Mr. HENDERSON. My reason for asking
the question springs from the fact that I noticed
in the report that Mr. James B. Eads, of St.
Louis, who deserves a great deal of credit for
his industry and energy in the construction of
vessels in the early part- of the war, is allowed by
this board for constructing the Milwaukee, which
was constructed at St. Louis, $30,438 84, and
they allow him on the Winnebago §29,174 20,
making an aggregate of $59,613 04, which they
suppose is the loss he has sustained in the con-
struction of these two vessels. According to
my understanding Mr. Eads constructed some
five or six vessels for the Government. Am I
to understand that if Mr. Eads made money
upon the other contracts he is entitled to be
paid for his losses upon these two vessels? I
understood from Mr. Eads, who is a very highly
honorable gentleman indeed, that upon one or
two vessels he had lost some money, but I
surely did not understand from him that he
lost money upon all the vessels that he con-
structed. My understanding was quite to the
contrary; and if we are to allow large sums
of money for losses sustained in the construc-
tion of some vessels I cannot see why there
should not be a set-off at least of the amount
of profits made upon other vessels constructed
by the same parties. My friend from Indiana
tells me that the Messrs. Secor, who are al-
lowed forlargelosses by this report, constructed
other vessels. Am I, by my vote, to allow
them a large amount of money to reimburse
them for losses upon the vessels named here
without knowing what amount of profit they
made upon other vessels? I do not know but
that the contracts were all taken together;
probably they were all taken together; and it
is surely a very dangerous precedent, as stated
by the Senator from Kentucky, to make these
allowances when the parties have really made
large sums out of the Government upon other
contracts.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
this is a court that we have established to in-
vestigate this matter; and he asks, do we not
take the reports of the Court of Claims? Cer-
tainly we do, but the Court of Claims was
established by act of Congress. WTas this
board established by a joint resolution of
Congress? I do not so understand. We are
acting upon the supposition that this is an
inferior court, and that its decision is binding
upon us, and that we must necessarily allow
these claims. Why so? This was nothing but
a resolution of the Senate, adopted on the 9th
of March, 1865, making it the duty of the
Secretary of the Navy to organize this board,
and directing them to make a report. It was
no law of Congress, and this board had none
of the attributes of a court. In fact, their
proceedings did not possess the solemnity that
should attach to a court, and of course we are
under no obligations whatever to pay their
awards. I understand that this was a mere
preliminary proceeding to ascertain the amount
of loss sustained by these parties, and if they
did sustain any loss, then to open the courts
to them, so that there might be an investiga-
tion and the amount found due paid.
If the Senators who are urging the passage
of this bill will bring in a measure to open the
Court of Claims to these parties, not to inves-
tigate their legal claims against the Govern-
ment, because they have none, but to ascertain
the amount that is equitably due to them. I am
perfectly willing to vote for it. If they have
sustained losses on all their contracts taken
together with the Government during this
period of time, I am perfectly willing to open
the doors of a court where they may be heard;
but I am wholly unwilling to adopt the pro-
ceedings of this board and call it a court bind-
ing upon me. Why, sir, I have no evidence
before me, nor has any gentleman yet stated
that such evidence is before us or can be pro-
duced, that this board went outside of the
representatioiSfr of these parties themselves
except what was stated by the Senator from
Indiana, who always states his positions cor-
rectly, that experts, men learned in this busi-
ness of building ships, were introduced perhaps
to testify as to the general cost of these things.
Let us look at this report for one moment.
Here is the contract for the Winnipee:
"The contract for the Winnipee was made August
21,1883, to bo completed in eleven months; but the
vessel was not completed and accepted until March
20,1865/'
Why was that ? I see that the parties in this
case are allowed every dollar that they claim.
The Government is allowed nothing on account
of this delay. This board awarded to these
parties §63,715 41 for losses, and yet the ves-
sel, which was to have been completed in eleven
months after the contract was entered into,
which would have been in June, 1804, was not
completed until the war had nearly closed. I
see no sufficient excuse for that.
Here is the case of the monitor Camanche.
What amount do these gentlemen say we must
allow them? One hundred and seventy-nine
thousand nine hundred and ninety-three dol-
lars and eighty cents, the amount of loss, as we
are told, sustained by these contractors. What
was that contract ? It was made June 20,1862,
and the vessel was not completed and delivered
until January, 1865—not more than two or
three months before the war was concluded.
I know that some reasons are stated why the
work was delayed, but when we come to look
at those reasons they are ^unsubstantial.
I will now refer to the iron-clad Onondaga.
We are told on the sixth page of the report
that—
"The contract for the iron-clad Onondaga was
made May 20, 1862, and was completed February,
1864; the eon tract price was $625,000, the cost claimed
was $710,150 51, and the award $85,203 91."
Now, let us see what the committee say was
the cause of this delay :
"The delay in the completion of the vessel was
occasioned by ' scarcity of labor, difficulty of obtain-
ing materials, strikes, and having to close his shop
for two months on account of mobs in tho summer
of 18G3.'"
Was it in consequence of any action of the
Government? Was it in consequence of the
depreciation of the currency? There is not a
word said about that; but we are told that it
was owing to the scarcity of labor, the difficulty
of obtaining the materials that entered into the
construction of the vessel, and strikes. Why,
sir, these things all occur, and they are things,
as was very justly said by the Senator from
Kentucky, that contractors always take into
consideration. Is the Government to be re-
sponsible for these things? Surely not. I do
not wish to take up the time of the Senate. If
these parties have lost money I really want to
allow therti something. I do not ask that these
parties shall be broken up, or that they shall
be ruined when they were doing the best they
could, and acting very much as the Government
itself was acting, (as was very correctly stated
by some Senators,) in the dark, in the con-
struction of these vessels. I am unwilling
under all the circumstances that they shall lose
if they have lost; but what evidence have we
that they have lost?
Mr. COWAN. Was not that the purpose
for which this board was created, to ascertain
the amount of the loss?
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume so; but
surely it has none of the sanctity of a court.
