1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26
stall have as much as we can posssibly do to
get through with both those questions by mid-
summer. Ifweareto meet and have one speech
a day, and then have an adjournment at three
o'clock, oran executive session, and our friends
are determined that this course shall be fol-
lowed up on this question and the other from
day to day, and no speed made, we may as well
abandon the idea of doing any other business.
As this is but the second day on which this res-
olution has been considered, I shall not object
to its going over another day ; but I give notice
that to-morrow I shall call upon my friends to
insist that we at any rate get on with the argu-
ment, until a reasonable hour, and that the vote
may be taken as soon as possible. This ques-
tion stands in the way of all other matters ; and
I hope gentlemen will not accuse me of being
unreasonable if after lo-day I ask that more
speed be manifested with reference to the sub-
ject.
■ Mr. JOHNSON. I have no idea that the
honorable member from Maine will be unrea-
sonable in asking that this resolution shall be
considered until n later hour of the day. 1 will
only state that the moment the Senator from
Connecticut has finished what he has to say
to-morrow, 1 shall be prepared to go on.
Mr. 1)00LITTLE. I desire to say that 1
had intended to submit some remarks on this
resolution, and should have boon prepared to
go on t.o-day afler tin; conclusion of the speech
of the honorable Senator IVom Ohio, had! not
been informed by the honorable Senator from
Nevada LMr. Nvk] that ho intended then to
take the floor. I therefore gave up all expec-
tation of addressing the Senate lo-day, and J
have not my notes with me and am not pre-
pared to go on; but 1 will state to my friend
fiiom Maine that before the resolution is dis-
posed of I desire to submit some remarks
upon it.
Mr. KESSENDEN. I shall ask the Senate
to take llie vote upon it to-morrow if possible.
Mr. TlilJMlilJLL. Of course 1 shall not
object to the resolution going over until to-mor-
row, as the Senator from Maine, who has charge
of this subject, assents to it. 1 do not know
that I shall suomit any remarks upon the res-
olution that is before the Senate, but it seems
to me it should not be suffered to lie along in
this body for the very reasons that are urged
hero by the very persons who oppose the adop-
tion of this resolution. It is said, and made
an objection to this resolution, that thero is
somebody who is in favor of the indefinite post-
fonement of the recognition of eleven States,
have never seen that individual. 1 have never
met with any one who was not anxious to have
these States restored at the earliest moment
practicable with the safety of the whole Union,
whenever they come as loyal Slate organiza-
tions, represented by loyal men. 1 have never
met with a person in Congress or out of Cou-
gress who maintained any such position.
1 suppose that this resolution is intended for
no such purpose; but it is simply a resolution
to favor the admission of these States. No, I
do not mean to say t ho admission of the Slates,
for 1 do not hold that any admission of the
States is necessary, but to favor the recognition
of the governments which have been sot up in
these eleven States, so soon as we can ascer-
tain that they are loyal and (it to be represented
here. It is to carry out what has always been
the opinion of Congress, whenever that opin-
ion 1ms been expressed, that the two Houses
ought to act in concert in the recognition of
the new Kiate governments that have been in-
augurated in order to prevent the contusion
and the evils which would follow from having
a State organization recognized by one House
of Congress and not by the other, by admitting
members into one House and not into the other.
We have all voted here, time and again, that
it was improper to admit representation from
these rebel States into one House until we, by
some joint action, had the cooperation of both
Houses.
ITore is a resolution declaring that principle;
and as soon as that is out of the way; I under-
stand, that, as speedily as possible to ascertain
the facts, there will be presented for our con-
sideration the condition of these various States,
and we shall be able to pass upon them, declar-
ing, whenever we are justified in doing so, that
the organizations are loyal and entitled to rep-
resentation, and then as amatter of course their
members will be admitted into both Houses.
Now, if there is any single member of Congress
that ever entertained any different opinion I
know not who it is. When persons rise here
and read letters or make speeches about the
indefinite rejection from Congress of members
from eleven States I do not know upon what
authority they base such statements. I am sure
Congress is making no such issue with any one.
The desire is common, we all feel it, to bring
these States into harmonious relations with the
Government as soon as it can be safely done,
Mr. WADE. I do not rise with any inten-
tion to debate this subject at this time, and
probably I shall not do so at any lime, but I
rise to put a mailer right that was alluded to in
the speech of my colleague. I understood him
to say that Mr. Davis and myself were ccnsured
by the people for a protest that we made against
a certain proclamation of President Lincoln on
this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that my
colleague was censured, but my declaration
was, and my opinion still is, that the course of
my colleague and Mr. Davis in that matter was
not approved by the people, so far as I could
gather from newspaper expressions.
Mr. WADE. All that has happened from
the time that, bill was vetoed has only deepened
my conviction that something of the kind was
exceedingly necessary to be done. I was very
anxious that Congress should adopt some meas-
ure by which the States in rebellion might know
and be apprised at a very early period what
conditions woidd bo required of them as neces-
sary to bo adopted before they could be again
admitted into Congress. Mr. Davis was ex-
ceedingly impressed with that idea, for every-
body could see at that period that the rebellion
must soon be put down and that this most em-
barrassing question would be upon Congress.
Mr. Davis framed a bill in the House and he
had influence enough to gel it through that body.
I believed that it was a good measure. It,nat-
urally went, to the committee, of the Senate of
which I was chairman. I approved of the bill
at that time. I believed it was called for by the
circumstances of the country. I believed that
it was the best thing Congress could then do to
prevent the dissension and great embarrass-
ment that would probably arise afterwards. Con-
gress believed so also. The bill was discussed in
all its bearings, and it received the assent, of both
branches of Congress by very large majorities,
ultimately. There were some features about that
bill that 1 did not approve then, and which I
do not approve now. The House of Represent-
atives passed it through with the word'' white''
in it, excluding the colored people. I had a
strong desire in the Senate to strike that out.
The committee, of which I was chairman, re-
ported it to this body with the word " white
stricken out, for the very purpose of saving the
rights of the colored population there. I be-
came satisfied at that period that it could not
receive the assent of Congress in that form.
That was most apparent when wo came to try
it, and rather than that a bill upon this great
question should be lost, 1 waived my objections
to the bill in the form in which it came from
the House, caused it to bo recommitted, and
the committee changed it, if 1 recollect aright,
and put it back in the same way that it came
from the House of Representatives, thereby
sacrificing the ideas and principles which I held
most essential in order that this great question
might be settled.
That bill went to the President toward the
latter part of the session, and the President
exercised the power that ho undoubtedly has
under the Constitution of refusing to approve
the bill. I regretted exceedingly that his judg-
ment brought him to the conclusion that that
was his duty; but neither myself nor Mr. Davis
said one word against it. We knew that the
President only exercised a power which he
undoubtedly possessed under the Constitution,
and he had just the same right to object to the
bill that we had to go for it. We judged dif-
ferently on the subject. There the thing ended,
so far as we were concerned ; but, the President
would not leave it there. Instead of sending
the bill here with his objections' to it, ho put
out what he called a proclamation, appealing
from the Congress of the United States to the
people of the United States in support of his
reasons for objecting to the bill. When the
President of the United States appealed from
Congress, stepped out of his constitutional
rights, and was willing to go at large to the peo-
ple with his argument, I did not feel that we
who had taken an active part in getting that
bill through should forbear to meet it with the
arguments we entertained on the subject. If a
President of the United States puts forth argu-
ments to the people against any position I take
here, I have never been able to see why I should
not go to the people and answer him there. It
was for these reasons, believing that the Presi-
dent in his proclamation to the people had not
treated our view of the subject quite as wo un-
derstood it, and had not quite doue us justice,
that we concluded it would be perfectly legiti-
mate for us to submit our arguments to the
people also, and we did so by what we called
a protest against his proclamation.
Now, if it is said that that protest did not
meet the approbation of the people, I can only
say that I have never learned that to bo the
fact. It may bo that they did not like the time
when it was put out against the President's idea
of what was his duty on the subject. I did hear
a great deal said on that point; that as politi-
cians we ought to have pocketed his view of it
and let ours go. A great many said that when
Mr. Lincoln was nominated by his party for the
Presidency, although he had gone to the peo-
ple with explanations of our course of proceed-
ing that we did not hold to, and had made use
of arguments that we thought were exceedingly
weak on that subject, wo should have let the
thing pass ; but we thought it best to meet him
there. Politicians said to us, "Itis a badtime
to put forth your views. Your candidate is in
the field and your argument against him will
detract somewhat from the chances of his elec-
tion so far as it has any effect at all.'' I knew
that. We knew that if he proved to be in the
wrong such must be its tendency. As I have
already said, I do not know that that protest
was disapproved except as to the time when it
was put lorth. I have never heard mortal man
attempt to gainsay the facts, the arguments, and
the constitutional law that were brought forth
in that protest in opposition to the arguments
that wore put forth in what he called his proc-
lamation. No man, to my knowledge, ever
look it up and attempted to controvert it, and
I believe it is entirely incontrovertible. I did
not believe then, nor dolbelieve now, that there
was an argument, put forth in that protest that
was disrespectful to the President. I do not
believe there was a single argument, made use
of that could be answered by the President. I
accused him of nothing. He judged differently
from us. But as he saw fit to go to the people
with his views, I thought, in justification to our-
selves, we had a perfect right to follow him
there, and I would follow him or anybody else
there, politics or no politics. If a man chal-
lenges me before the people of the U nited States
for anything I do here, be ho candidate or not,
I will endeavor to answer him and make my
side of the question good if I can. And that
was the course that Mr. Davis and myself took.
If those who objected to it could show that there
was anything invalid in our arguments or that
the course we took was not for the best interest
of the country, I was perfectly willing to hear
them then and I am willing to hear them now.
It is a document that has never been answered,
and I do not believe it can be.
I say this more in justification of the course
taken by Mr. Davis, who was one of tile most
patriotic and best men I ever knew, than for
