80OB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
John H. Rice, Bitter, Boss, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Taber, Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomns, Thornton, Trimble, Warner, Henry D.
"Washfcmrn, James F. Wilson, and Wright—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Bcaman,Benjamin,Bergen, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Buekland, Olianler. Conkling.Cook,
Oullorn, Culver, Darling, Daives, Defrees, Benison,
Dixon, Dod^c, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Farquhar,
Finck, Goodyear.G-rinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hayes,
Hill, Hogan,Hooper,Hotchkiss. Asahel \V. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Edwin N, lJubbell, Johnson. Jones,
Kelso, Laflin, Le Blond, Marshall, Marston, Marvin,
Mclndoe.llcKee.Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Radtord, William H.Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
Rosers, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell, Strouso. Upson, Van Aernam, Ward, Blihu
B. Washburne, Whaley, and Winfleld—TO.
So the amendments were agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by whieli the amendments were agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired and the bill goes over.
* assault upon a committee clerk.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The select committee to whom was re-
ferred the investigation of the assault made
yesterday upon U. H. Painter, have instructed
me to report in part that no evidence suffi-
cient to warrant the detenton of Edward Tow-
ers appears, in the judgment of the committee,
and they recommend that he be discharged
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 merely desire to
say that I do not concur in this report, so that
when the evidence is published it may not be
supposed that 1 assented to any report of this
kind. I think the evidence does sufficiently
implicate Mr. Towers to justify us in holding
him until a final report shall be made.
The SPEAKER. The committee recom-
mend the discharge of Edward Towers arrested
for participation in an assault On the clerk of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of the House. The question is upon
discharging Mr. Towers.
The question was put, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So it was ordered that Edward Towers be
discharged from the custody of the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
leave of absence.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask leave of ab-
sence for the rest of the session for Mr. Hen-
derson-, of Oregon, and for Mr. Denny, the
Delegate from Washington Territory.
No objection was made, 6nd the leave of
absence was granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
absence after to-day for Mr. Hale.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. DAVIS. My colleague, Air. Marvin, is
absent on account of sickness. I ask leave of
absence for him.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absencc was granted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table for the
purpose of disposing of the House bills re-
turned with Senate amendments.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa is in order. It would take
a gentleman off the floor after the expiration
of the morning hour, even when he was making
a speech. The rule will be found on page 34
of the Digest.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,' and it was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON RETRENCHMENT.
The House accordingly proceeded to the
business upon the Speaker's table; the first
business being the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the concurrent resolu-
tion of the House providing for a joint com-
mittee on retrenchment.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
In lines eight and nine strike out the word "civil"
before the word " service."
In line sixteen strike out "two" and inscrt"three.
In line seventeen strike out "three" and insert
"five."
In line twenty-one strike out civil."
In line twenty-five, after the word reduced,
insert the following: "what are the methods of pro-
cuiing accountability in public officers or agents in
the care and disbursement of public moneys, whether
moneys have been paid out illegally, and whether any
officcis. or agents, or other poisons, have been or arc
employed in the service without authority of Law or
unnecessarily."
In line twenty-seven, strike out the word civil.
In line twenty-eight, after the word " curtailed,"
insert the following: "and also to considerthe expe-
diency of so amending tholaws under which appoint-
ments to the public service are now made as to pro-
vide for the selection of subordinate officers after
due examination by proper boards, their continu-
ance in office duringspecilicd terms, unless dismissed
upon charges preferred and sustained before tribu-
nals designated for that purpose, and for withdraw-
ing the public service from being used as an instru-
ment of political or party patronage."
The concurrent resolution, as amended, read
as follows:
Whereas the financial condition of the United
States demands the exercise of a rigid economy in
all departments of the Government in order to sus-
tain the credit of the United States, and to relieve
the people at the earliest possible day from the
burden of existing taxation; and whereas there is
reason to believe that in many departments of the
service abuses have tor t. long time existed, and still
exist, in the perpetuation of useless ofhees and sine-
cures, in extravagant salaries and allowances, and in
other unnecessary and wasteful expenditures:
liesolved bythe House of licprcsentatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That a joint select committee be ap-
pointed, to consist of three members of the Senate
and five members of the House, to be styled the joint
select committee on retrenchment; that said com-
mittee be int tructed to inquire into the expenditures
in all the branches of the service of the United States,
and report whether any and what offices ought to be
abolished, whether any and what salaries or allow-
ances ought to be reduced; what are the methods of
procuring accountability in public officers or agents in
the care and disbursement of public moneys; whether
moneys have been paid out illegally; and whether
any officers or agents or other persons have been or
are-employed in tho seiviee without authority of law
or unnecessarily; and generally how and to what ex-
tent the expenses of the service of the country may
and ought to be curtailed; and also to consider the
expediency of so amending the laws under which
appointments to the public scrvice are now made as
to provide for the selection of subordinate officers
after due examination by proper boards, their con-
tinuance in office during specified terms, unless dis-
missed upon charges preferred and sustained before
tribunals designated for that purpose, and for with-
drawing the public scrvice from being used as an in-
strument of political or party patronage; that said
committee be authorized to sitduiingthe recess of
Congre&s, lo send for persons and papers, and to re-
port by bill or otherwise; and that said committee
may appoint a clerk for tho term of six months, and
no more.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the last amendment of the Senate by adding
thereto the following:
And to inquire into all accounts and statements
in reference to tho Government debt and the man-
agement thereof: and the mode of depositing and
keeping the public money, and all accounts relating
thereto.
Mr. HALE. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] and the amendments of
the Senate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
was agreed to.
The amendments of the Senate, as amended,
were concurred in.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in: and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENICIA AND SANTA CRUZ LAND TITLES.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 557, to quiet the title to certain lands
within the corporate limits of the city of
Benicia.
The amendments of the Senate were as
follows :
Add to the bill tho following section:
And he it further enacted, That, all the right and
title of the United States to the lands within the
corporate limits of the town of Santa Cruz, in the
State of California, as defined in the act of tho Legis-
lature of that State incorporating said town, be, and
the same are hereby, relinquished and granted to the
corporate authorities of said town and their success-
ors, in trust, for and with authority to convey so much
of said lands as are in the bona fide occupancy of
parties upon the passage of this act, by themselves or
tenant, to such parties: Provided, That this grant
shall not extend to any reservation of the "United
States nor prejudice any valid adverse right or claim,
if such exist, to said land, or any part thereof, nor
preclude any judicial examination and adjustment
thereof; and.
Amend the title by adding thereto the words " and
the town of Santa Cruz, in the State of California."
Mr. JULIAN. I would inquire now much
land is surrendered by the amendment of the
Senate to the town of Santa Cruz.
Mr. McRUER. The memorial of the trust-
ees of the town states that it is sixteen hundred
acres.
Mr. JULIAN. It is public land, is it?
Mr. McRUER. The point is this : this land
has not been considered public land for the last
hundred years. It was settled in 1770 as a
mission, and about forty years since it was
secularized by an act of the Government of
Mexico. This is an old town, one of the oldest
in the State, and this land has been held as
public property for the last forty years. At the
time the United States land commissioners sat
in California to determine the question between
private and public lands, the authorities of the
town failed to present this claim to the com-
missioners, and therefore it never has been acted
upon. Now they come to Congress and ask
that the title of the United States to so much
of the land as is within the corporate limits of
the town, which was incorporated by an act
of the last Legislature, may be relinquished.
This provision is just the same as that we
have already passed in relation to the city of
Benicia, granting to the trustees of the town
the Government title to the lands within the
corporate limits, for the benefit of the actual
possessors thereof.
Mr. JULIAN. I knew nothing about the
facts, and I simply wished a public statement,
so that the House may understand it.
Mr. McRUER. This matter has been before
the Committee on Public Lands, and I am au-
thorized to report a bill to this effect. I now
call the previous question on the amendments
of the Senate.
The previous questionwas seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD IN KANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 448)
entitled "An act to authorize tho construction
of a railroad through certain land of the Uni-
ted States in Kansas."
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the bill the following:
That this privilege shall be allowed as long as tho
Secretary ot War shall in his discretion determine,
and no longer.
The amendment was concurred in.
CHARLES BREWER AND COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to the bill (IT. R. No. 555)
entitled "Anaetforthe relief of Charles Brewer
& Co."
The amendments were read, as follows:
After the word "Boston" insert the words "agents
for the bark Kamehameha V, in coin."
t Amend the title, so as to read, "An act for the re-
lief of the owners of the bark Kamehamoha V."
The amendments were concurred in.
PENSIONS OF WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The next business on the Speaker's tablu
was Senate amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 692) entitled u An act increasing the pen-
sion of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes."
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the House
