mea.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
non-concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
relief 01? army officers.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to joint resolution (H. R.
No. 101) for the relief of certain officers of the
Army.
The amendments were read, as follows:
In line three strike out the words "and was en-
titled by law to be mustered in us such."
In lines six and seven strike out the words "ac-
cording to the regulations."
Insert after the word "days," in line seven, the fol-
lowing words: " from acceptance of appointment or
actual entry upon duty, and who, if not killed in
battle, was afterward regularly mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States."
After the word " emoluments," in line nine, insert
the words " of his rank."
At the end of the resolution add a new section, as
follows:
And be it further resolved. That the heirs or legal
representatives of any officer whose muster into ser-
vice has been or shall be amended hereby shall be
entitled to receive the arrears of pay due such officer
or the pension provided by law for the grade into
which such officer is mustered under the provisions
of the first section of this resolution.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I move that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and ask the appointment of a committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to.
united states supreme court.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendment to a bill (H. R. No. 334)
entitled "An act to fix the number of judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and to change certain judicial circuits."
The amendment of the Senate was read. It
proposes to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert a new bill.
_ The substitute proposed by the Senate pro-
vides in the first section that no vacancy in the
office of associate justice of the Supreme Court
shall be filled by appointment until the num-
ber of associate justices shall be reduced to
six; and thereafter the Supreme Court shall
consist of a Chief Justice and six associatp
justices, any four of whom shall be a quorum.
It is further provided that the court shall hold
one term annually at the seat of Government,
and such adjourned or special terms as it may
find necessary for the dispatch of business.
The second section of the substitute provides
that the first and second circuits shall remain
as now constituted ; that the districts of Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware shall con-
stitute the third district; that the districts of
Maryland, West Virginia, Virginia, North Car-
olina, and South Carolina shall constitute the
fourth circuit; that the districts of Georgia,
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Texas shall constitute the fifth circuit; that the
districts of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and
Tennessee shall constitute the sixth circuit:
that the districts of Indiana, Illinois, and Wis-
consin shall constitute the seventh circuit; that
the districts of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, Kan-
sas, and Arkansas shall constitute the eighth
circuit; and the districts of California, Ore-
gon, and Nevada, shall constitute the ninth
"circuit.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question on concurring in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know whether the bill has ever been to the
Judiciary Committee of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of iowa. It originated with
the House committee, and we are satisfied with
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. So far
as the records of Congress show, the gentle-
man's statement is not borne out.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
whether this is the House bill.
The SPEAKER. It is the House bill with
an amendment by the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the previous question will not bo seconded, and
that this question will be fully discussed in the
House.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Iowa whether the Judiciary Com-
mittee have considered this amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This amendment
has not been formally before the committee,
but the members of the committee have con-
sulted about it and a majority of them recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. RANDALL,of Pennsylvania. Consulted
where? It is not a report of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
does not claim that it is a report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then it
certainly ought to be reported from the com-
mittee.
Mr. SPALDING-. Is this the bill which
forms the new districts?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. And puts Michigan, Ohio,
Kentucky, and Tennessee into one district?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The Clerk will
please read in regard to that.
The Clerk read the clause declaring that the
States of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and Ten-
nessee shall constitute the sixth circuit.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope that will not be
agreed to without allowing some discussion.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
from Iowa allow me a word?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I simply wish to say
that I am opposed to the bill at present. If the
bill to reorganize the judiciary should pass the
House, then I might possibly bo in favor of
this bill, but unless that does pass it seems to
me it would be very unwise for us to adopt the
provisions inserted by the Senate.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I ask that the States
composing the seventh circuit be read.
The Clerk read the clause declaring that the
States of Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin shall
constitute the seventh circuit.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa if this bill abolishes the judge whose
appointment the President sent to the Senate
the other day.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This is a bill which
passed the House before any nomination was
made.
Mr: WENTWORTH. Does it abolish the
new judgeship?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It abolishes the
new judgeship, and provides for the reduction
of the number of judges, as vacancies may
occur, to six. I know that a number of the
members of the Supreme Court think it will
be a vast improvement.
Mr. WRIGHT. Where does the gentleman
get his authority for the reduction of the num-
ber of judges?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 53, noes 40.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. spalding, and wilson of Iowa.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 66, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and nays on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 41, not voting
63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos it. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Brom-
well, Broomall.Buckland, Bundy, Header W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Dcfrecs, Deming,
Donnelly, Egglcston, Eliot. Farquhar, Kerry, Garfield,
Abncr C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James K.
Hnbbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kelley, Koontz, Laflin,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston,
MeRuer, Mercur, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price,
William II. Randall, John II. Bice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Seofield, Shellabarger, Stevens, John L
Xhomas Trowbridge, Van Aernam,William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wil-
soS'1s4e,pi!l6?/-Wll??n' "1 Windom—78.
2N AYb — Messrs. Boutwell, Boyer, Davis, Dawes.
Dawson. Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Kasson.Kerr.Kuykendall,
Latham, George V. Lawreuce, McCullough, Miller,
Moorhead, jSewell, Niblack. Nicholson, Noell,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rittcr, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Tabcr, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, War-
ner, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, Woodbridge, and
Wright—41.
N OT V OTING—Messrs. Aneona, Baldwin, Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow^Brandegee, Chanler, Cook, Cul-
lom, Culver. Darling, Delano, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Finek, flood-
year, Grider, Grinnell, Harris, Hayes, Hill, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Jones, Julian, Kelso, Keteham, Le Blond, Marshall,
Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, Patterson,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Alexander II. Rice, Rog-
ers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell, Strouse. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, BlihuB.
Washburno, and Winfield—63.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
correction op the journal.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I find my name recorded in the Globe
as not voting on the question of the expulsion
of Hon. Mr. rousseau. I was present and
voted in the affirmative, that is, in favor of his
expulsion.
The SPEAKER. The Journal also has the
same record. It will be corrected accordingly.
agricultural colleges.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 50, to amend the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act donating pub-
lie lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts," approved
July 2, 1862, so as to extend the time within
which the provisions of said act shall be ac-
cepted and such colleges established, returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments, which were of a verbal
character, were agreed to.
registers op vessels.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
House bill No. 727, declaratory of an act enti-
tled "An act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue registers to vessels in certain
cases," approved February 10, I860, returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments, which were of a verbal
character, were agreed to.
territory op montana.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
House bill No. 466, erecting the Territory of
Montana into a surveying district, and for other
purposes, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments.
The amendments were reported.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to concur
in the amendments of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to—ayes sixty-five,
noes not counted.
isaac ranney.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
House joint resolution No. 119, for the relief
of Isaac Ramsey, internal revenue collector
for the eighth district of Ohio, returned from
the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out " Ramsey," wherever it occurs, and insert
" Ranney."
The amendment was agreed to.
isark marja henry.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
House bill No. 518, forthe relief of the owners
of the bark Maria Henry, returned from the
Senate with an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the House coneur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
