1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR
1029
anything that affects myself, for I care nothing
about it. I never did eare anything about it:
but I know that Mr. Davis, in that protest that
was drawn up, acted upon tjie most high and
patriotic motives that ever moved a statesman
to act. The very purest m otives prompted him
to lend himself to that protest. I think it will
be an honor to him, so far as it shall go down
to posterity. He is to be credited with draw-
ing it up principally, although I was with him
making suggestions with regard to it, and am
certainly responsible for anything that is con-
tained in it. So far from shrinking from it, I
am proud of it and of my agency in it. I was
exceedingly glad to hear,^ for it was candid in
Mr. Lincoln himself, and it was in accordance
with the habits of that good man, that he did
on reflection say that ho regretted the course he
had taken with regard to it. I was gratified to
hear that Mr. Lincoln himself came to that
conclusion.
Si r, I think the history of the country has
shown that we were right in that, and that Mr.
Lincoln was wrong. If he had approved that
measure, I think it would have saved that ter-
rible controversy that has come upon us now.
That bill did not contain all that I would re-
quire now. I am a little disposed, the longer
this thing is put off and the longer the South
stand out in opposition and defiance of us here,
to enhance my demands upon them, although
I never will ask anything that I do not believe
to be entirely just and right. I do not know
that I had any right to sacrifice the views I
entertained upon that bill by permitting the
House bill to go without my opposition, for the
reason, not that it would not settle the contro-
versy so far as we were concerned, but it might
have done infinite injustice perhaps to four mil-
lion people there whose rights God knows I
never will disregard.
This is about all that I wish to say on this
subject. As to the present condition of things
between Congress and the President I certainly
have nothing to say. I am willing that that
should go to the people of the United States
and let them judge. I hope the Senate of the
United States will take no notice of what has
been done. I hope they will not. As an indi-
vidual, I do not care. Let every man act on
his own feelings; but I certainly shall not allude
to it now and probably never. I have deemed
it proper to say this much in justification of
Mr. Davis's course and my own in regard to that
protest, and now I am willing to drop that sub-
ject forever.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the resolution be postponed until
to- mon-ow ?
Mr. N YE. Mr. President  
Mr. HOAVAHD. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Nevada is anxious to address the
Senate upon this subject in the morning. It
is now half past three o'clock, and 1 move that
this resolution be postponed until to-morrow
morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
now before the Senate is, that this subject bo
postponed until to-morrow morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be made a spe-
cial order.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that it be made the j
special order for to-morrow at one o clock. ]
Mr. JOHNSON". J have no objection to j
that, but I rise to ask the Senator from Nevada '
whether he proposes to address the Senate upon
this resolution.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It ismoved
that the further consideration of this resolu-
tion be postponed to and made the special order
for to-morrow at one o clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr DIXON subsequently said: I desire to
ask the Chair whether the postponement, of
the resolution reported from the joint com-
mittee of fifteen was on my motion. _ 1 sup-
posed it to be so. I made that motion, and
never intended to withdraw it. 1 wish to ask
the Secretary whether it was postponed on my
motion or not.
The PPJ2SIDENT pro tempore. That was
the motion that was put. It was amended
subsequently by a Senator, who moved that
the resolution be made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. DIXON. I will inquire of the Chair
whether it is understood that I have the floor
on that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The floor
has not been assigned to any gentleman by the
Chair.
Mr. DIXON. Is it not the ordinary under-
standing that the Senator who makes a motion
to postpone a subject is entitled to the floor
upon it when it comes up again? I merely
ask for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
ordinary understanding of the Senate. When
a gentleman makes a motion to postpone a
question until the next day; and it is postponed,
the understanding ordinarily has been that he
is entitled to the 'lloor.
Mr. NYE. I supposed that after such a
motion had been made and not acted upon,
and another Senator took the floor to speak on
the same question, that that person had the
floor when the subject-matter was postponed
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen
ator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] moved the
amendment to the motion, and had the floor in
that sense. He moved the amendment, that it
be made the special order for to-morrow atone
o'clock. That was added by common consent,
and the Chair put the question as one motion,
to postpone the resolution until to-morrow and
make it the special order for one. o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. T made the motion under
the idea that my friend from Nevada would
have the floor to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. DIXON. 1 desire to say that when the
motion was made by the Senator from Michi-
gan to amend tjie motion that. 1 had made, I by
my silence assented to it; but 1 had no idea
that by so doing I should lose the right to the
floor: but still I do not wish to contend about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am sure the Senate
will bo exceedingly glad to hear both of these
gentlemen. 1 hope there will be no dispute as
to which shall speak first. ,
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Illinois
will* understand me. I am not contending for
the opportunity to address the Senate fir&t._ I
merely wish to know what is the understanding.
Mr." HO WARD. So far as I am concerned,
I understood the airangement to be that my
friend from Nevada was entitled to the floor.
HOUSE BILLS ]Ti:FElUlIJD.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below: „
A bill (H. R. No 283) to exempt the Get-
tysburg national monument from imposts and
charges—to the Committee on Finance.
A "joint resolution (II. li. No. 7l>) author-
izing the Secretary of War to transfer to the
National Home for Soldiers' and Sailors Or-
phans, of Washington city, certain stores not
needed for the use of the Government—to the
Comirrtttee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
IXTlillXATIONAL 0C13.VX TELEOTiAI'II.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now take up Senate bill N o. -o.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill i,S. No. 201 granting
to the International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany the right and privilege to establish tele-,
"■raiiliie communication between the citj of
New York and the West India islands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported bythetom-
mittco on Commerce as a substitute tor the
original bill.
Mr. GRIMES. i call for the reading of that
amendment.
. The Secretary read tlie amendment, which
was to strike out all of the original bill and to
insert the following:
Whereas James A. Scrymser, Alfred Pell, jr.,
Alexander Hamilton, jr., Oliver K. King, Maturin
L. Dclafield, William F. Smith, and James M. Diggcs,
their associates, buecessovs, and assigns, persons com-
posing the International Oce&iiTelegraph Company,
an incorporated company chartered by the State of
New York, are desirous of establishing a subma-
rine telegraphic communication between the United
States of America and the W est India islands and the
Bahamas: Now, therefore, in order to facilitate the
said enterprise,
Be it enactcd, &c., That tho said International
Ocean Telegraph Company, incorporated under the
laws of the State of New York, their successors and
assigns, shall have the sole privilege, for a pcricrd of
twenty-five years, to lay, construct, land, maintain,
and operate telegraphic or magnetic lines or cables
in and over the waters, reefs, islands, shores, and
lands overwhichthe UnitedStates have jurisdiction,
from the said United States to the islands of Cuba
and the Bahamas, either or both, and other yy est
India islands. .
Sfc. '2. And be it further enacted, That the said inter-
national Ocean Telegraph Company, their successors
and assigns, be authorized and empowered to import,
free of duty, all material manufactured or unmanu-
factured, nccessaiy only for the construction, laying,
and erection of said submarine cable or cables: Pro-
vuled always, That the said International Occan
Telegraph Company, shall, at all times during a state
of war, give the United States the free use of said
cable or cablcs, to a telegraphic operator of its own
selection, to transmit any messages to and from its
military, naval, and diplomatic agents: Awl pro-
vided further, That the said International Ocean Tel-
egraph Company shall, within the period oi five years
from the passage of this act, causc the. said subma-
rine telegraphic cable or cables to be laid down, and
that the said cable or cables shall be in successtul
operation for the transmission of messages within
the said period of five years: otherwise, this grant to
be null and void.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That Congress
shall have power at any time to alter or repeal the
foregoing act.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill went over the
other day on my expressing a desire to read it.
The original bill has several objectionable feat-
ures. The amendment reported by the com-
mittee is a great improvement on the original
bill. The only objection to the amendment
which suggests itself to my mind is, that this
exclusive privilege is given to this company for
twenty-five years. I do not object that the
company have the right to land wherever they
choose, which I think is reasonable: lint I doubt
whether we ought to give this exclusive privilege
for a longer period than three or live years.
Tli at is the only objection that occurs to my
mind.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the Span-
ish Government have already granted an exclu-
sive charter to a company of Cubans which is
perpetual. It is impossible for Americans even
to negotiate with them without having some
similar privilege on their part. Iliis company
asks no bonus from the Government, nothing
but this exclusive privilege for twenty-live years.
The committee carefully guarded that by the
third section, which provides:
That Contsrcssshall have power at any timo to alter
or repeal the toreyomg act.
The committee were unanimous in reeom-
mending the bill. They considered it > very
carefully, and I am satisfied U is for the inter-
est of the people of the United States that the
bill should become a law at the earliest practi-
cable moment. •
Mr. GRIMES. Has Congress the authority
to grant to this company the exclusive right/
Where do we derive our jurisdiction ? I under-
stand that this is a corporation^existing under
the laws of the State ol New "V ork.
| Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. _
Mr. GRIMES. New York certainly has
i jurisdiction as far as our jurisdiction extends.
! New York may have the powerto say'that the
W iuuv. iuav . I.**-. .
i corporation coated by her shall have the ox-
j elusive and sole privilege of te egiaphi.ig be-
I tween the points named; but where does this
1 Congress get any authority to do that.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 am not prepared to go
into a constitutional argument.
Air GRIMES. I do not profess to be a con-
stitutional "lawyer myself; but it seems to me
rtuite apparent that we have not jurisdiction of
this matter: that we lia-.e no authority to say
that a corporation existing m New York shall
