1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Mr. SHERMAN. Congress adjourned on
the 4th of March.
Mr. CLARK. It could not have come oyer,
then, from the regular session of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. That shows very clearly
that the resolution can have no effect on the
debate. It was a mere resolution of inquiry.
The Secretary of the Navy could not furnish
this information himself, and therefore, at the
suggestion of some Senator, we do not know
who, it was proposed that the Secretary of the
Navy should get this information by means
of a board composed of some of his sub-
ordinates.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state to the Senator
that the resolution was offered by the honora-
ble Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] I think,
upon the last day of the executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution itself was
proper, and I have no doubt I should have
voted for the resolution, because it tended to
procure facts that might influence the judg-
ment of Congress. I cannot say but what if
a particular case of hardship was furnished to
me, a clear case of loss, and especially if that
loss was caused by any act of the Government,
I might be willing to reimburse that loss of
money caused by the Government. I prob-
ably would have voted for the resolution ask-
ing for this information, but it has no effect on
the judgment of the Senate now. This infor-
mation is given to us simply like ordinary in-
formation from an executive Department. It
is not sustained, so far as we know, by any
oath. It does not appear from the report, so
far as I can see, from the beginning to the end,
that any one of these contractors was put on
oath.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The testimony was all
under oath.
Mr. SHERMAM. It is not stated on the
face of the report. At any rate, it is ex parte in
its very nature. Now, it seems that the amount
of the claims, according to one allegation of
this report, was $2,383,520 20, and the amount
of the awards is $2,267,627 ; so that it appears
that they have scarcely made any variation
between the amount of the claim and the amount
of the award. This is always a remarkable
fact, because we know that human interests
prompt us strongly 
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will pardon me,
the board were not to report what they thought
due, but what was the cost of these vessels,
and they, of course, would take that from the
contractors.
Mr.SHERMAN. Isaythatthelossesclaimed
before the board by the parties in interest were
$2,388,000, while they actually awarded the
sum of $2,267,000. That very "fact shows that
they did not scrutinize these claims very closely,
because it is not in the nature of things, be men
ever so honest, but that there would be a greater
difference between the aggregate of claims
among a great number of contractors and the
aggregate of awards than is made in this case.
It is only a difference of three or four per cent.
I do not deny that there may be many merito-
rious cases in this report; but I can only say
that the principles upon which this report is
founded are not such as will induce me to vote
from the Treasury of the United States two and
a quarter million dollars, and establish a prin-
ciple which, in my judgment, will lead to a very
large expenditure.
Senators must remember that we shall be
called upon before this session closes to pass
upon a character of claims that will test the
judgment of every Senator. A demand will
be made upon us by those who are most de-
serving of our bounty and our favor, who have
protected and maintained the Government
during four years of terrible war; a demand
will be made by the soldiers for $200,000,000
for the equalization of bounties. A demand
is made by the loyal States, and a bill on the
subject is now being pressed in the House of
Representatives, for $150,000,000. Demands
of every character and kind are constantly
pressed upon Congress. Indeed, if we do not
resist with a firm and unyielding hand here in
the Senate, where the body is of a more perma-
nent and durable character, these claims upon
the public Treasury—the expenses of this year
may run up to a period of pne year of the war
—we may destroy the interest of all the widows
and orphans and the people of this country
who have invested their property in the public
debt; we may impair the public debt; we may
adopt principles which will lead to expenditure
without limit and without restraint. I, for one,
am disposed to scrutinize carefully every claim
that is now made upon the Government, and
to yield only when that claim is proven to be
just and proper, but not sooner than that.
Among the persons who would be benefited
by this bill is a gentleman whom I regard as
highly as any man in the State of Ohio; a man
of great energy, skill, and capacity, and yet I
could not be influenced by a desire to give him
cfven what he might claim to be just, to vote
this large sum of money and adopt a principle
which might be injurious to the people at large,
at least without further testimony than we have
presented to us in this report. If, however,
the matter is pressed to a vote, I intend before
the subject is closed to offer an amendment,
which I will now read, and which, adopting the
principles upon which this bill is founded, I do
not see how any member of the Senate can vote
against it. It is to add to the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa the following:
Provided further. That no payment shall be made
to any person, firm, orcorporation who have received
profits on other contracts with the United States,
greater than such award; and for the purpose of as-
certaining the same the said board is hereby reorgan-
ized, and shall inquire and determine the profits of
each person, firm, or corporation derived irom such
other contracts, and such profits shall be deducted
from such award.
If the principle on which we are asked to
act in this case is to be adopted, then, as a
matter of course, this same board ought to
extend their observations beyond these par-
ticular contracts and ought to look and see
whether the individual, firm, or corporation
whose poverty or distress we are about to
relieve is not already rich in accumulated
profit on other contracts. It may be that this
board will find that although in these particu-
lar cases of contracts losses have been suf-
fered, yet these very contractors who are
appealing to our sympathy, and who have so
excited the sympathy of our friend from Mas-
sachusetts, are now wealthy far beyond their
highest ambition before the war occurred. If
the principle is to be adopted of making good
all the losses, we ought at least to be credited
with the profits growing out of this war.
Mr. McDOU&ALL. It is pleasant for me
to be once in accord with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I think with him
that Governments should be protectors and not
oppressors. There seems to be a great lack
of information here ou matters of and about
which every Senator on this floor should be
well informed. These claims were presented
to the Senate at an early day of the last Con-
gress; they went to the Naval Committee, but
the accounts stated were not satisfactory to the
Navy Department, and the Senate itself passed
a resolution directing an inquiry to ascertain
the actual cost of these vessels and their ma-
chinery. The vessels were at that time esteemed
highly—more so than they seem to be by some
now. A board was organized of men of the
most accomplished skill in such matters, nom-
inated by the official representative of the Exec-
utive of this Government. It was not neces-
sary that the men should be of great accom-
plishments in many respects, because they were
only to inquire what was the true cost of these
vessels and their machinery. For six months
that board sat in continuous session at the
Brooklyn navy-yard and in the city of New
York. The board represented the Govern-
ment of the United States, having been se-
lected by the Secretary of the Navy. Testi-
mony was taken pro and eon, every man under
oath, as in a court of justice. It was carefully
done by men who understand the law of care-
fulness, as men who are educated to the busi-
ness of officers of our Navy and engineers and
constructors in the naval service do understand
it; done carefully as it could be done by men
who understand what is the underlying basis of
all truth, mathematics. After careful investi-
gation, at the invitation of the Senate, under the
orders of the Secretary of the Navy, we have
had their results on our tables for a long time.
The detail.d testimony was submitted to the
Naval Committee, and as the conclusion of
the deliberations of that committee this bill is
submitted to us, no member of the committee
dissenting except one, and he is a dissenter;
but he does not controvert a single thing af-
firmed in the report of the board that sat at
Brooklyn, presided over by Commodore Self-
ridge, or a single thing that is affirmed by ths
committee who investigated the subject.
Now, it is well that there should be some
objectors. That is the vocation of the Senator
from Iowa, and I may say the same of the Sen-
ator from Ohio. But it is well to affirm the
right. Governments have no right to do wrong
any more than individuals. When these con-
tracts were made the price of labor was alto-
gether different than during the period when the
contracts were performed, and why? Because
ofthe exceptional condition of ourcountry, well
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
there are exceptions that prove rules. I re-
member well that there came forward men of
large fortunes, men of great enterprise, men
of high patriotism, willing to lend their fortunes
and hopes to the Government. They were per-
haps too old for arms; I saw many of them ;
they said, " We will furnish you arms, we will
build you ships, build you anything; all we
wantis an order." The men who came forward
to build the iron-clads were of that class, the
best men of the country, and men not only of
great mechanical skill, but who had won wealth
by their enterprise and their skill, and were
ornaments to the country. They came forward
willing to hazard their fortunes. No one could
anticipate, as the Senator from Massachusetts
well remarked, it was not within the precogni-
tion of any human being, what would be the
condition of the country twelve months from
the time. What happened? Money, not the
representative of money, rose to two for one.
Prices appreciated accordingly two for one.
Again, the exigency of the Government
required all the labor to'be employed and
three times as many rolling mills as could be
obtained in Pennsylvania and otherwise to get
out the material for clothing the iron-clads;
consequently up went iron.
All these things were not within the possi-
bility of contemplation by the most prescient
men. It was special to this class of enter-
prise. I think that the first Secretary of War
under the last Administration gave contracts to
some people to build wagons who made great
fortunes, and contracts for saddles, out of
which great fortunes were made, and so of
contracts for harness, and cattle, horses, and
many other things. But the business of build-
ing these iron-clads was a business of dollars
and ceuts; it could be shown by the books,
proved by exact testimony, established as a
fact in a court of justice, how much they cost.
It was well known by these gentlemen that they
would be ruined unless the Government would
protect them. They came forward and built
their ships; they put them on the sea; they
destroyed their enemies. They knew then that
they were expending I think at least thirty per
cent, over and above what the contract price
was, and that their whole fortune was gone
unless they should be protected. They came
here; they asked relief from the Senate. The
Senate sent them to the Secretary of the Navy,
asking that it should be carefully inquired into,
not what was a fair profit on this labor, but
what was the cost of material and labor, and
that award is sent to us, and I say we shall be
dishonest if we do not pay it. I do not believe
it belongs to Government to be dishonest.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall detain the Sen-
ate but a few moments in answer to a point or
two made by the Senator from Missouri and
the Senator from Ohio. I do not think that
