3910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
william ii. wheeler.
The SPEAKER. The last business on the
Speaker's table, of the kind covered by the or-
der of the House, is the Senate amendment to
the House bill No. G95, for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Wheeler, of Bangor, Maine.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the bill the following:
With a good and sufficient bond, with security to
be approved by the Secretary of.the Treasury, to in-
demnify the United States ncjainst all logs, cost, or
damages incurred by reason of issuing said duplicate
bonds.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I move
that the amendment of the Senate be concurred
in, and upon that motion I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the various votes by which the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in; and
also move to lay that motion upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election of united states senators.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table for
consideration at this time, Senate bill No. 414,
to regulate the time and manner of holding
elections for Senators m Congress.
Mr. HAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
provost marshal ceneral's bureau.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to an-
nounce to the House that on to-morrow, after
the expiration of (he morning hour, I will ask
the House to proceed to the consideration of
the question of privilege arising between Hon.
Rosooio Covkuno and Provost Marshal Gen-
eral Fry. The evidence in the case will be laid
upon the desks of members to-morrow, and I
would like (o ask their attention to it so that
we may consume as little of the time of the
House by discussion as possible.
iuouard w. meade, deceased.
Mr. WOOPBUIDGE. I ask unanimous
consent to take up for consideration by the
House at. this lime Senate joint resolution No.
3!), to refer the claim of the administrator of
Richard W. Meade, deceased, to the Court of
Claims. It passed the Senate unanimously,
and I presume it will pass the House without
obiection.
JVIr. SPALDING. I object.
protection 01)' the revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the special order.
The I louse accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 780, to protect the
revenue, and for other purposes.
The first section provides that from and after
the 1st day of August, 18GG, in lieu of the du-
ties now imposed by law on the articles men-
tioned and embraced in this_soction, there shall
bo levied, collected, and paid on cigars, cigar-
ettes, and cheroots of all kinds, $2 50 pet-
pound, and, in addition thereto, fifty per cent.
ud valorem-, and no tare for the box in which
any cigars, cheroots, or cigarettes arc packed
shall be allowed in ascertaining the weight;
provided that paper cigars and cigarettes, in-
cluding wrappers, shall be subject to the same
duties as are imposed upon cigars; and pro-
vided further, that on and after the 1st day of
August, 180C, no cigars shall be imported un-
less the same are packed in boxes of not more :
than five hundred cigars in each box; and no
entry of any imported cigars shall lie allowed
of less quantity than three thousand in a sin-
gle package; and all cigars on importation
shall be placed in public store or bonded ware-'
hou«e. and shall not be removed therefrom
until the same shall have been inspected and
a stamp affixed to each box indicating such in-
spection, with the date thereof; the Secretary
of the Treasury being authorized to provide
the requisite stamps, and to make all necessary
regulations for carrying these provisions of law
into effect. On cotton, three cents per pound.
On all compounds or preparations of which
distilled spirits is a component part of chief
value, there shall be levied a duty not less than
that imposed upon distilled spirits.
The second section provides that the pro-
viso in section four of an act entitled "An act
amendatory of certain acts imposing duties
upon foreign importations," approved March
3, 18G5, shall be construed to include any ship,
vessel, or steamer to or from any port in the
Sandwich Islands or Society Islands.
The third section provides that so much of
an act entitled "An act to authorize protection
to be given to citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of guano,'' approved
August 18,185G, as prohibits the export thereof,
is hereby suspended in relation to all persons
who have complied with the provisions of sec-
tion two of said act, for five years from and
after the 14th of July, 1867.
The fourth section repeals all laws and parts
of laws allowing fishing bounties to vessels
hereafter licensed to engage in the fisheries;
provided, that, from and after the dale of the
passage of this act, vessels licensed to engage
in the fisheries may take on board imported
salt in bond to be used in curing fish, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, and upon proof that said
salt has been used in curing fish the duties on
the same shall bo remitted.
The fifth section provides that from and after
the passage of this act all goods, wares, or
merchandise arriving at the ports of Now York,
Boston and Portland, or any other port of the
United States which may bo specially desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
destined for places in the adjacent British
Provinces, maybe entered at the custom-house,
and convoyed in transit through the territory
of the United States without the payment of
duties, under such rules, regulations, and con-
ditions for the protection of the revenue as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
The sixth section provides that imported
goods, wares, or merchandise in bond, or duty
paid, and products or manufactures of the Uni-
ted States, may, with the consent of the proper
authorities of the Provinces aforesaid, be trans-
ported from one port or place in the United
States to another port or place therein, over the
territory of said Piovinccs, by such routes, and
under such rules, regulations, and conditions,
as the Secretary of the 'Treasury may pre-
scribe ; and the goods, wares, and merchan-
dise so transported, shall, upon arrival in the
United States from the Provinces aforesaid, bo
treated in regard to the liability to or exemp-
tion from duty or tax as if the transportation
had taken place entirely within the limits of
the United States.
The seventh section provides that whenever
it shall be shown to the satisfaction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that more moneys have
been paid to the collcctor of customs, or others
acting as such, than the law requires, and the
parties have failed to comply with the require-
ments of the fourteenth and fifteenth sections
of the act entitled "An act to increase the
duties on imports, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30,18U4, and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be satisfied that said non-com-
pliance with the requirements as above stated
was owing to circumstances beyond the con-
trol of the importer, consignee, or agent mak-
ing such payments, he may draw his warrant
upon the Treasurer in favor of the person or
persons entitled to the overpayment, directing
the said Treasurer to refund the same out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
The eighth section provides that the provis-
ions of the second, third, and fourth sections
of the act approved March 2, 1833, entitled
"An act further to provide for the collection
of duties on imports," and of the twelfth sec-
tion of the act approved March 3, 1803, en-
titled "An act to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more cer-
tain and speedy collection of claims in favor
of the United States, and for other purposes,"
shall be taken and deemed as extending to and
embracing all cases arising or which may have
heretofore arisen, and all suits and prosecu-
tions heretofore brought and now pending, or
which may hereafter be brought against any
officer of the United States or other person by
reason of any acts done or proceedings had by
such officer or other person, under authority
or color of the act approved March 12, 18G3,
entitled "An act to provide for the collection
of abandoned property, and for the prevention
of frauds in insurrectionary districts within the
United States," or the act approved July 2,
1864, entitled "An act in addition to the sev-
eral acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and
to provide for the collection of captured and
abandoned property, and the prevention of
frauds in States declared in insurrection;"
provided that such acts done or proceedings
had under the two acts last aforesaid, or under
color thereof, shall have been done and had
under the authority or by the direction of the
Executive Government of the United States;
and provided further that when a recovery shall
have been, or shall hereafter be, had in any
such suit or prosecution brought, or which may
hereafter be brought, as aforesaid, the payment
of the amount recovered, as provided for in
the said twelfth section of the act approved
March'3, 18G3, aforesaid, shall be made out of
the moneys arising and obtained from the pro-
coeds of sales and leases and fees collected
and paid over to the Government under the
two acts approved March 12, 18G3, and July 2,
18C4, aforesaid, in relation to captured ana
abandoned property.
The ninth section provides that in determin-
ing the dutiable value of imported merchan-
dise, except in cases herein otherwise provided
for, there shall be added to the cost, or to the
actual wholesale price or general market value
at the time of exportation in the principal mar-
kets of the country from whence the same shall
have been imported into the United States,
the cost of transportation, shipment, and tran-
shipment, with all the expenses included from
the place of growth, production, or manufac-
ture, whether by land or water, to the vessel in
which shipment is made to the United Stales;
the value of the sack, box, or covering of any
kind in which sueli goods are contained ; com-
mission at the usual rates, but in no case less
than two and a half per cent. ; brokerage, ex-
port duty, and all other actual or usual charges
for putting up, preparing, and packing for
transportation or shipment. And all charges
of a. general character incurred in the purchase
of a general invoice shall be distributed pro
rata among all parts of such invoice ; and every
part thereof charged with duties based on value
shall be advanced according to its proportion,
and all wines or other articles paying specific
duty by grades shall be graded and pay duty
according to the actual value so determined ;
provided, that all additions made to the en-
tered value of merchandise for charges shall be
regarded as part of the actual value of such
merchandise, and if such addition shall exceed
by ten per cent, the value so declared in the
entry, in addition to the duties imposed by law,
there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty
of twenty per cent, on such value ; provided,
that the duty shall in no case be assessed upon
an amount less than the invoice or entered
value.
The tenth section provides that the second
proviso in section twenty-one of an act e. ti-
tled "An act increasing temporarily the du es
on imports, and for other purposes," approved
July 14, 1862, which provides that any goods
remaining in public store or bonded warehouse
beyond three years shall be regarded as aban-
doned to the Government, and sold under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe, and the proceeds paid into the
Treasury, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as_ to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in case of any sale under the said provis-
ion, to pay to the owner, consignee, or agent
of such goods, the proceeds thereof, after
