2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
- moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of the army.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the special order, being House bill No. 450,
to reduce and establish the pay of the officers
and to regulate the pay of the soldiers of the
armies of the United States, upon which Mr.
Woodbridge was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I did
not suppose that this bill would come before
the House to-day. The reconstruction project
was assigned for this time, and I supposed it
would occupy at least until Wednesday. But
as that has been laid aside I will briefly present
the views I entertain respecting the bill which
has been reported from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Sir, while I am opposed to the bill both in its
principles and details, I do not intend to cast any
insinuations against the committee or against
any conclusions to which they have arrived,
upon the basis that they, or any of them, have
been swayed either by passion or prejudice.
The bill proposes to equalize the pay of the
officers of the Army and to diminish the ex-
pense of the Army ; or, in other words, to di-
minish, in the aggregate at least, the pay of the
officers.
If it did equalize the pay of the officers of
the Army, so far as that goes it would meet
with my approval. But 1 expect to show, in
the very brief remarks I shall make, that in-
stead of equalizing the pay of officers it takes
away the equalization which now exists. If
the bill provides for diminishing the pay of the
officers of the Army, as it doubtless does, I
oppose it in that regard, because it is wrong.
Any gentleman who will look at the past or
consider the present,, will, in my judgment, ac-
knowledge at once that the pay of officers of
the Army is not greater than it ought to be.
The past demonstrates that officers who have
died have left nothing except pensions to their
widows and the charity of friends for their
children. Scarcely an officer in the Army,
to my knowledge, has died leaving a compe-
tence to his family. They have left to them a
good name—a name made sacred by heroic
deeds and by adherence to the Constitution
and laws of their country, and they have left
nothing else. Among the living, what is true
in fact? Take them in Washington, where it
is claimed that increased and improper pay
is allowed. There are no officers here below
the grade of a general officer who can meet
those amenities of life which are cast upon
them by reason of their position in society.
There are no officers here who can keep their
carriage; there are no officers here who can
entertain their friends. And in despite of the
pay the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs complains of so much, they live in fear
lest by the utmost economy they shall not be
able to make the salaries which Government
gives them meet-the expenses of their families.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck]
who has looked into this subject may, as he
says, have no prejudice against the regular
Army, and I am quite sure that if he had it
would not. if he knew it, influence hisconseious
judgment. If prejudices do exist in his inind
against this or that branch of the regular ser-
vice, I am sure they arise without his knowl-
edge of their existence. But the mechanism
of the mind is more complicated than the
mechanism of a watch, and unawares to him-
self, here and there may crowd in a prejudice
or a feeling which, in spite of himself, might
influence his judgment on this great, question.
The first argument which the gentleman
[Mr. SennNCKj advances is that it is desirable
to have an equalization of pay, so that the
^country may know what an officer of the Army
receives. Sir, there are but two particulars
under the present law where the pay of officers
■without particular inquiry cannot be known ;
those particulars are in commutation for quar-
ters and commutation for fuel. In different
parts of the country the price for quarters and
fuel varies so gregtly that it cannot be known
what the commutation k in such cases. It is
to be determined by those who know, and who
are presumcu'-io be honorable gentlemen, that
when commutation for quarters and fuel are
allowed, they are to be furnished at the price
which the officer is bound to pay in the locality
where he is stationed.
Sir, independently of this, any one who takes
it upon himself to inquire can know what the
pay of an officer of the Army is. He can learn
from the reports made yearly by the War De-
partment that an officer of a certain rank is
entitled to so many servants, so much allow-
ance for servants and f(* servants' clothing,
so many horses, so much allowance for the
forage of those horses. Thus everything that
relates to the pay is specified; and any one
who takes the pains to inquire can ascertain
what that pay is.
I am somewhat astonished that my friend
from Ohio should make the complaint that the
pay of Army officers cannot be ascertained.
Why, sir, how i3 it with the civil officers of
this Government? How many men in this
country understand what is the pay of the
Governors and secretaries of our Territories?
How many men know the gross amount of the
fees and emoluments of the collectors of the
ports of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
the other great ports of the United States ?
Who can tell how much these and hundreds
of other officers receive under the civil admin-
istration of the Government? Their compen-
sation cannot be ascertained except by the
most diligent inquiry, far more diligent than
that demanded to ascertain the pay of any
officer of the Army? Yet we do not hear any
complaint that the people do not know what
this or that civil officer is paid. The people
have faith in Congress that it will enact proper
laws, faith in the Executive that those laws
will be properly administered, faith in the
heads of the Departments that they will exer-
cise properly and honestly the prerogatives
given to them under the law. So far as the
argument goes it seems to ine that it amounts
to nothing.
But, sir, the gentleman from Ohio says that
he desires to put the pay of the Army upon a
par with the pay of the Navy. In that posi-
tion I agree with him. Both branches of the
service should be equally paid, I admit. If
the pay of the officers of the Navy is not
enough, I am ready to give my vote to increase
it. When the great war broke out each branch
of the service proved itselffaithful. The coun-
try demanded and expected that both the Army
and the Navy would do their duty, and neither
failed. One produced, as its exponent, the
modest and heroic Farragut, and the other
the reticent, indomitable, and unconquerable
Grant. Sir, they have all done their duty.
They all deserve well of Congress and the
country; and so far as we can, with due re-
gard to the finances of the nation, we should
see that the officers and men, both of the Army
and Navy, who have borne our flag through the
bloodiest war in the history of the world, shall
receive a compensation which will at least en-
able them to occupy a respectable position in
society.
It is impossible to place the pay of the officers
of the Army and the Navy upon the same basis.
It has never been done in any nation on the
face of the earth. England and France pay
their naval officers by fixed salaries. Yet in
regard to the pay of the Army, both England
and France, after the experience of more than
a century, have adopted and now pursue the
same principle which we 1iave adopted and
which is embodied in the existing law of the
land. Why, sir, you cannot have commutation
for fuel and quarters for a naval officer. His
home is on the sea; his ship is his home. His
quarters and his fuel are furnished to him there.
In view of the necessities incident to his voca-
tion, whoa he leaves the shore of his country,
he lays in a supply which costs him more than
he will be obliged to pay in any foreign port.
And there is a sliding scale in the Navy.
An officer in command of a vessel has not the
same pay as an officer of the same rank in
command of a squadron or a fleet. And offi-
cers of the Navy aboard ship have allowances
which officers of the Army do not have. They
are in mess and, as it were, one family aboard
ship. The Government provides a steward for
them, paid by the Government, who ministers
to their wants and does all which a servant is
supposed to do. When the officer goes ashore
waiting orders he does not get the same pay.
Even when on shore the pay of officers of the
Navy varies. The pay of an officer of the
same rank in the Navy is not the same at the
navy-yards of Brooklyn, Portsmouth, Norfolk,
and Charlestown. There is a difference of pay
of officers of the same rank. Why? Because
the expenses of living are greater at one place
than at another.
The officers ashore at different places have
different pay. When an officer is on shore duty
he gets ordinarily his fuel and has his quarters.
An officer waiting orders receives less pay than
an officer doing duty, and simply because he
is not in active service. He is supposed to
hold himself in readiness for orders. The
expenses of an officer waiting orders are greater
than of an officcr who has an indefinite leave of
absence, and hence the pay of an officer wait-
ing orders is larger than that of an officer who
is on an indefinite leave of absence. The lat-
ter may take his family into the interior and
live at such expense as he pleases.
But there is no waiting orders iu the Army.
An officer in the Navy arrives at port in com-
mand of a vessel which is laid up for repairs
for a year or two has to wait for orders. He
has to wait until the ship is put into commis-
sion again. During that time he is not actually
in service. He is waiting orders. Now the
officer of the Army has not that privilege. I
think the leave of an officer of the Army is
only sixty days, and if he stays beyond that his
pay, or a portion of it, is stopped.
Mr. Speaker, the two branches of the service
are entirely different. The officers of the Navy
have prize money. The recent war is an ex-
emplification of this benefit. More than a hun-
dred thousand dollars—so the papers report,
and I presume they never lie—have been given
to officers of the Navy. If the Army capture
cannon, arms, and material, no matter of what
value, nothing is allowed either to the officer
or soldier. The contrary is the case in Eng-
land.
There when an officer of the army even
loses his baggage in war he is allowed for it.
The Duke of Wellington, in his Peninsular
campaign, when he plucked the roses which
Sir John Moore had planted, was allowed the
sum of $5,000,000 for property captured. And,
sir, I believe that an officer in the Navy will
lay up more money at the end of twenty years
than an officcr of the Army. Iience, I think
there is no analogy between a proposition to
regulate and equalize the pay of the officers of
the Army and the law in regard to the pay of
officers of the Navy. In the one case foreign
nations, by reason of the character of the naval
service, have been doing just what we are
doing. In the other, both England and France,
by reason of the contingencies and condition
of the service of the officers of the army, have
imposed just such regulations as are now im-
posed upon our officers, and allow just such
commutations as we allow.
Now, sir, lot us examine the present system
and see where the necessity is of changing it.
It is far easier to tear down a beautiful temple
with its tasteful pillars, its graceful architect-
ure, wherein all parts arc orderly and harmo-
nious, and its magnificent dome, than to build
a better one. It is tar easier to destroy social,
civil, moral, or political institutions that have
had the sanction of centuries than to build out
of their ruins a more perfect and more just
system. It will be far easier for my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Suiiexck,] with all his mili-
