1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
have the exclusive privilege to build a line of
telegraph from that State to some other sec-
tion of the world, and we ought not to say it if
we had the authority to do it.
Then there is another provision in this bill
that is objectionable to me, and that is the pro-
vision which gives this company the privilege
of importing, '' free of duty, all material, man-
ufactured or unmanufactured, necessary only
for the construction, laying, and erection of
said submarine cable or cables." I do not know
why the gentlemen composing this corporation,
if they choose to embark their money in a specu-
lation of this kind, should have such peculiar
advantages over other citizens of the country
who prefer to embark their money in some
other adventure that may be just as advan-
tageous to the country as it would be if their
money was invested m this-company.
Mr. CHANDLER. livery foot of this cable,
except that which is laid itx the marine league
from our shores, is laid outside the jurisdiction
of (he United States. We simply exempt them
from paying duties upon a cable to be laid in
the Atlantic ocean, in no event can there bo
more than three miles of it, or a marine league,
used in our jurisdiction. Now, with regard to
granting this exclusive privilege, this company
propose to lay this telegraphic cable across
from the Florida capes, which is the shortest
point between the United States and the island
of Cuba. The Senator asks what right we have
to do this. T take it that we have full jurisdic-
tion on the subject under that clause of the
Constitution which gives the regulation of com-
merce between the different States and foreign
Governments to Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it. the opinion of the Com-
n^j,tt,ee on Commerce that under that clause Con-
gress has power to say that only one corporation
or oue individual shall be permitted to carry 011
commerce between New York aud some foreign
port ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it is in the power
of Congress to charter one company, or more,
as it sees lit.
Mr. CHIMES. And that nobody else can
carry on commerce between the port of New
York and the port of Havana, for example ? I
do not understand that, that is regulating com-
merce.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is well known to most
Senators that the Government during the rebel-
lion contemplated laying for its own use a tele-
graphic cable to the Florida Keys, Here is a
company which oilers to do precisely what this
Government proposed to do at its own cost and
charge, and in time of war to donate to the
Government, the free use of this cable. As 1
Baid before, this company cannot, even negoti-
ate with these Spanish parties without some
similar grant or some similar power from this
Go.vernme.nt.. Of course the Spanish grant is
utterly woithless to these Spaniards unless it
has the assent, of this Government. Now, it is
necessary, in order to put these parties in a con-
dition even to negotiate, to give them some ex-
clusive privilege. 1 see 110 objection to it. The
committee examined the subject very carefully,
and for fear that some objector might arise
against this exclusive privilege, they inserted
the third section reserving to Congress the right
at any time to alter or repeal this bill, ITcan
see no dangerous monopoly or dangerous priv-
ilege or dangerous thing in it. I hope the
Senate will pass the bill as the committee have
reported it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I think this bill requires
a good deal of consideration. Every State
along the Gulf has as good a right to grant a
charter of this kind as New York has. They
are nearer to the West India islands, and it will
cost less to build aline from those States unless
this company intends to select some company
down there. To a certain extent we have not
given up all hopes of State rights down there,
anil New' i ork would have no right to go thc;'e,
even with the authority of this Government,
and occupy any portion of those States without
the consent of these States. Then it is granting
also a monopoly of all this telegraphic inter-
course for twenty-five years, and I have no
doubt before twenty-five years have elapsed two
or three lines will be needed to Cuba, if it is
found practicable to construct such lines. I
shall vote against this measure, not only on the
ground of a want of power in Congress to pass
it, but because I doubt the expediency and
propriety of granting such a monopoly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I concur entirely in
both the points taken by the Senator from Iowa
with regard to this bill, and also with the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Kentucky.
Thebill is remarkable in its provisions. It gives
to this company—
The solo privilege, for a period of twenty-fivo
years, to lay, construct, land, maintain, and operate
telegraphic or magnetic tines or cables in and oyer
the waters, reefs, islands, shores, and lands over which
tho United States have jurisdiction, from the said
United States to theislandsof Oubaand theBahainas,
either or both, and other West India islands.
It gives, therefore, to a corporation estab-
lished by New York the entire control of all
operations by magnetic telegraph from this
country to all the islands of the West Indies
for twenty-five years.
Mr. SHERMAN. And to South America,
because you will have to land at some of these
islands in order to establish telegraphic com-
munication with South America.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that makes
it still more improper. It is useless to say that
wo retain tho power to alter or amend this bill
at any time, because when a contract of this
kind is made everybody knows that if we attempt
to interfere with it it will be thrown in our face
at oncc that they have gone on, on the faith of
this legislation, and established a telegraphic
line at a great expense, and we never could re-
peal it; it would be out of tho question. Now
I take it, in the course of twenty-five years, from
the advance of enterprise of this kind, that we
might have a dozen or perhaps more of these
lines, and would need them ii  different posi-
tions ; and here we arc tying np the hands of
Congress for no reason in the world. The next
provision is that wo will not exact any duties
or charges upon any material necessary for the
construction of this cable provided we have the
right during a stale of war to transmit messages
over the telegraph free. I11 how many years do
we calculate to be at war with any foreign nation
or anybody else?
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it proposed to givethem
the exclusive privilege for twenty-live years?
Mr. FESSENDEN, Yes,sir; and then that
we allow tlicra to import, free of duty, all ma-
terial , manufactured 0 r un manufactured, neces-
sary for the construction of the cable, provided
that they shall transmit the messages of tho
Government of the United States during the
time of war free of charge. Everybody knows
that that is merely a nominal consideration.
We ar<! introducing an idea into this bill that
Congress has always been very careful about.
We refused during the last Congress, even in
the case of people who were importing cloth-
. ing and other things fur the special use of the
troops, &c., to remit the duties upon them.
Wo would not break in upon our revenue sys-
tem. Jt will bo exceedingly dangerous if we
attempt to do it in this case. If this company
wants to erect a telegraph line, it is very*proper,
it the leave of Congress is necessary, to give
them leave to use such parts of tho shore as
they can get entitled to ; but the idea of con-
ferring privileges of this description in the first
place, tying up the hands of this great country
with regard to telegraphic communication with
the West India islands and South America, for
twenty-five years, confining it to this company
in New York, when, as the Senator from Ken-
tucky says, there may be other companies es-
tablished in other States, and then also to remit
the duties, giving them this start, on the nomi-
nal consideration of transmitting messages in
time of war, strikes me as very astounding. I
certainly should be opposed to both sections
most decidedly and thoroughly. I hope the Sen-
ate will not think of passing a bill of this kind.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose it is' well
known to the Senator from Maine that but
about one in five cables proves effective; that
about four out of five of all the marine cables
that have been laid have proved failures. Mil-
lions upon millions of dollars have been sunk
in this way. It has been the policy of every
commercial Government to aid, in every possi-
ble way, telegraphic communication, steamboat
lines, mails, conveyances, and commerce. It
has been the custom of the British Govern-
ment, from the time that the telegraphic sys-
tem was invented, to encourage its citizens in
laying telegraphic cables everywhere.
The British Government has appropriated
millions of dollars as subsidies to such" com-
panies. Here a company proposes to construct
a cable without a subsidy, without any elee-
mosynary aid, simply asking the exclusive priv-
ilege of operating this lino for the period of
twenty years, because they think it will take
them five years to lay their cable. I think that
in a commercial point of view it will be of im-
mense benefit to the people of the United States.
The city of New York is more interested in
this than perhap^.any other city; but the cities
of Baltimore, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Bos-
ton, and wherever they have commercial inter-
course with the West India islands, with one
united voice ask Congress to grant this priv-
ilege to this company, provided they will lay the
cable. I care nothing about permitting this
wire to come in free. If the Senator from Maine
makes apoint on thatpro vision, lctitbe stricken
out; but it seems to me unjust to require of
this company to pay a duty upon cable to be
laid outside the limits of the United States, to
wit, between tho shores of Florida and the
shores of Cuba; but I care nothing about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless they bring it
inside of tho country we do not impose tho duty.
Mr. CHANDLER. They must land it here
or in Cuba; they must land it somewhere; and
the committee thought it no more than right,
proper, and just to remit that duty, because the
cable was not used in the United States. I am
not disposed to make a point on that. If the
Senator thinks they ought to pay a duty on a
cable laid across the Gulf of Mexico, so be it;
strike out that clause. I think it would be un-
just to compel this company to do it. I am in
favor of offering every facility to this and every
othercompany, either steamship or telegraphic,
or any other that will facilitate and benefit tho
commercial interest of the United States. I
am astonished to hear opposition coming from
a State which has more commerce than per-
haps any other State in tho Union save one.
Tho State of Maine has a thousand-fold more
interest in this matter than all the northwestern
States put together.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senator from
Michigan could hardly have contemplated the
extreme extent to which this bill goes. As I
understand its provisions, it gives this company
the right to land and erect a telegraph line on
any land along the shore over which the United
States have jurisdiction. It may go into a navy-
yard anywhere, and run right through it for
twenty-five years and hold the exclusive juris-
diction. It may go into any fort; it may go any-
where where the United States have jurisdiction
over an inch of land from the extreme coast of
Maine to the extreme coast of Florida, and all
around the Gulf. Does the Senator from Michi-
gan mean to tie up the jurisdiction of the Govern-
ment of the United States for twenty-five years
in every place along the whole coast? Such is
the extent of the bill, and its fair construction.
There is not a navy-yard, nor a fort, nor a
place anywhere upon the coast in which this
company have not a right to land and erect
their telegraph. I certainly would not grant
that privilege for one year, much less tie it up
exclusively for twenty-fiveyears. I would know
where these people propose to go before grant-
ing them this privilege. It is perfectly aston-
ishing to me that we propose to grant such facil-
ities at once by one bill. I should be loath
to say that nobody else should have a right to
