1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3911;
deducting duties, charges, and expenses, in con-
formity with the provision of the first section
of the warehouse act of August G, 1846.
Th.e eleventh section provides that during
the period of ope year from the passage of this
act, there may be imported into the United
States, free of duty, any machinery designed
Solely for and adapted to the manufacture of
sugarfrom beets, including all the preliminary
processes requisite therefor, but not including
any machinery which may be used for any
other manufactures.
The twelfth section provides that upon the
reimportation of articles once exported of the
growth, product, or manufacture of the Uni-
ted States, upon which no internal tax has
been assessed or paid, or upon which such tax
has been paid and refunded by allowance or
drawback, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid a duty equal to the tax imposed by the
internal revenue laws upon such articles.
The thirteenth section provides that there
shall be established in and attached to the
Department of the Treasury a bureau to be
styled the Bureau of Statistics, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
appoint a Director to superintend and conduct
the business of said bureau, who shall be paid
an annual salary of $3,500; that it shall be
the duty of the Director of the Bureau of Sta-
tistics to prepare the report on the statistics of
commerce and navigation, exports and im-
ports, now required by law to be submitted
annually to Congress by the Secretary of the
Treasury; and said report, embracing the re-
turns of the commerce and navigation, the
exports and imports of the United States to
the close of the fiscal year, shall be submitted
to Congress in a printed form on or before the
1st day of December next succeeding; and the
said Director, as soon as practicable after the
organization of this office, shall, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, pre-
pare and publish monthly reports of the exports
and imports of the United States, including the
quantities and values of goods warehoused or
withdrawn from warehouse, and such other sta-
tistics relative to the trade and industry of the
country as the Secretary of the Treasury may
consider expedient; that the Director of the
Bureau of Statistics shall also prepare an an-
nual statement of vessels registered, enrolled,
and licensed under the laws of the United
States, together with the class, name, tonnage,
and place of registry of each vessel, and such
other information as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may deem proper to embody therein ; and
to enable t.he said Director to furnish the in-
formation required, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall have power, under such regulations
as he shall prescribe, to establish and provide
a system of numbering all vessels so registered,
enrolled, and licensed ; and each vessel so
numbered shall have her number deeply carved
or otherwise permanently marked on her main
beam ; and if at any time she shall cease to be
so marked, such vessel shall be no longer rec-
ognized as a vessel of the United States; that
the said Director shall also prepare an annual
statement of all merchandise passing in transit
through the United States to foreign countries,
each description of merchandise, so far as prac-
ticable, warehoused, withdrawn from ware-
house for consumption, for exportation, for
transportation to other districts, and remain-
ing in the warehouse at the end of each fiscal
year; that it shall be the further duty of said
Director to collect, digest, and arrange, for
the use of Congress, the statistics of the man-
ufactures of the United States, their localities,
sources of raw material, markets, exchanges
with the producing regions of the country,
transportation of products, wages, and such
other conditions as are found to affect their
prosperity ; and to aid him in the discharge of
these duties, the several clerks now employed
in the preparation of statistics in the Treasury
Department, or any bureau thereof, may be
placed under his supervision and direction ;
and, in addition, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall detail such other clerks as may be neces-
sary to fully carry out the provisions of this
actand that the^ expenses of the Bureau of
Statistics for clerical service, publication of
reports, stationery, books, and statistical peri-
odicals and papers required by the bureau,
shall be defrayed on the order and approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated ; and that all letters and documents to
and from the Director of the Bureau of Statis-
tics, relating to the duties and business of his
office, shall be transmitted by mail free of
postage.
Mr. MORRILL. The present bill embraces
those sections in the last part of the tariff bill
recently passed by the House, and which was
postponed by the Senate. They are provisions
which in the main have met the approval of a
large majority of this House.
This bill proposes a tariff on but three arti-
cles, one of which is cigars. Our internal rev-
enue tax upon cigars is higher in some partic-
ulars than is the duty upon imported cigars,
and it is manifest that some additional legisla-
tion should be had in relation to that article.
The next article is cotton. The duty of five
cents per pound, now fixed upon cotton, was
so fixed when it was supposed the internal tax
would be five cents per pound. No duty is
needed for the protection of American cotton,
but it is manifestly proper, when wo levy an
internal tax upon any article that at least an
equal amount of duty for revenue purposes
should be levied upon any foreign importation
of the article, and the only description of cot-
ton which is likely to be imported is the Surat
cotton, worth not more than about two thirds
as much as American cotton.
Three cents per pound is also the sum allowed
as a drawback on manufactured cottons ex-
ported, and if now adopted will harmonize and
make symmetrical all our laws on this subject.
Another article is distilled spirits, which are
now imported, merely colored, and styled "es-
sences," whereby a great amount of fraud is
committed on the Canadian frontier. It is in
order to reach this class or description of spirits
which may be thus fraudulently introduced
that the provision of this bill was introduced
into the original tariff bill and has been inserted
in the present bill. In conncction with this
subject, and in order to prohibit the introduc-
tion of distilled spirits in very small parcels, I
am directed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to move an amendment by way of a
proviso, which also is similar in its terms to a
provision embraced in t.he tariff bill as passed
by this House.
T move to amend by inserting at the end of
the first section the following:
Provided, That brandyandotherspirit.uousliquors
may be imported in casks or other packages of any
capacity not less than thirty gallons; and that wine
in bottles may bo imported in boxes containing not
less than one dozen bottles of not more than one
quart each; and wine, brandy, or other spirituous
liquois, imported into the United States and shipped
aiter thel«tdn.y of October, I860, in any less quantity
than herein provided for, shall be forfeited to the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order, and inquire whether this bill
should not, under the rules, be considered in
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The House dispensed with
the consideration of the bill in Committee of
the Whole. The gentleman will find by refer-
ring to the Globe that the bill was by unani-
mous consent made a special order in the
House.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the second
section of this bill is simply the provision which
was incorporated in the tariff Kill at the sug-
gestion of the gentleman f om California, [Mr.
McRuer.] The effect of it is that vessels en-
gaged in the trade with the Sandwich Islands
shall not be subjected to taxation for each voy-
age, but shall pay an annual tax in the same
manner as our lake and coasting vessels now
do. I think there will bo no objection to this.
The third section is in relation to allowing
th.e importation and exportation of guano.
The fourth section has reference to the aboli- .
tion of the bounties allowed to our fishermen,
and also proposes to allow a drawback on the
salt actually used in cuiing fish. The present
duty on dry cod-fish is only half a cent per
pound; and the cost of the salt used in curing
the fish is nearly as much as the duty on fish,
and if duties shall be required to be paid on
the salt used our fishermen would have an
unequal contest. Whether this provision be
incorporated in the law or not the fishermen
can easily evade paying the duty by procuring
salt in the Provinces. There can be no doubt
of the propriety of the provision, and I think
there will bo no objection to it, especially when
we consider that the tendency will be to keep
down the price of one article of cheap food.
Sections five and six have relation to our
railroad traffic of merchandise and produce
through the Canadas without payment of duties.
It is proposed to allow to the Canadians the
same privilege of transporting merchandise
across our territory which they aceord to us.
The object of the seventh section is that par-
ties who have made accidental overpayments
of money for customs may have the excess
refunded.
The eighth section is intended for the benefit
of our internal revenue officers who have been
collecting duties for some years past upon cot-
ton, and in some cases recently they have been
sued in the southern State courts for the recov-
ery of the money thus collected. This section
simply provides for the transfer of such suits
into the courts of the United States.
The next section relates 1o the ascertainment
of the value of imported merchandise. A sim-
ilar provision has already been passed by the
House. I desire only to offer an amendment
to strike out in the second and third lines the
words, "except in cases herein otherwise pro-
vided for."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to know
from the chairman of the committee what ne-
cessity exists for the enactment of the seventh
section.
Mr. MORRILL. I have already explained
that the section is designed to provide for the
repayment of money erroneously paid for
customs.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would like to
know whether there are now any cases of that
kind.
Mr. MORRILL. There are.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It seems to me that
under that statement this is only a convenient
way of paying claims against the Government of
the United States. Here are parties who, it is
alleged, have paid money in excess of what
was due to the Government-; and this section
enables the Secretary of the Treasury 'to pay
to those persons the money which they are
claiming without having their claims investi-
gated by Congress. It does seem to me that
that is a provision that ought not to be put into
a tariff bill.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont to allow me to offer a proviso to the fourth
section providing for a duty of one cent per
pound on cod-fish.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I am fully aware that the bill now con-
tains all that we can hope to have passed in the
Senate.
Mr. PIKE. This subject was under the
consideration of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. There are very many sub-
jects which sadly need our action at this ses-
sion, and which I would have been glad to
have included if we could have had our own
way in this bill, wool for instance; but I am
informed by members of the Senate, who are
authorities on the subject, that it is entirely
useless to include anything on such subjects,
j and that if we do inebidc them the bill will be
I coldly laid aside until next December.
| Mr. MOORHjBAD. I would like to include
I iron too.
