1866:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
ta,ryt experience anil knowledge, to destroy the
present system, which has been applied to the
Army for half a century, than to build up a
new one that will either be better for the Gov-
ernment or more just for the Army itself.
,■ Now, sir, what is the present system? Let
us. see whether it is equal or not. Why, sir,
the officers of the English army get so much
pay proper and certain allowances. They are
sent from one quarter of the world to another;
for upon the British domains the sun never
sets. When they are not in locations where
quarters and fuel are furnished they draw com-
mutation. The French system is the same,
only when theysend an officer to Paris, instead
of confining him to additional allowances, on
account of the increased expenses they give
him an actual increase of pay.
Where is the want of equalization in the
Army? Every man of the same rank and be-
longing to the same arm of the service receives
the same pay. And now the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schekck,] denying this, proposes
tQ make the pay certain according to the grade
of service. It is indeed a Procrustean bed. It
destroys that elasticity of the system which now
exists, and which ought to exist in order to
work justice.
Take the cavalry service. The pay proper
of a cavalry officer is greater than that of the
infantry or artillery. Why? Because the ne-
cessity of the service demands it, not because
the cavalry is the favorite arm, but because the
officers must furnish horses and their equip-
ment from their own pocket. In view of this
increased expense it has been determined that
the pay of those officers should be greater than
that of officers "of the artillery or infantry.
Sir, at whatever point the officer is stationed
the salary is the same. There is no difference
between a colonel in Washington, Iowa, or
California, except that there have been times
when the pay has been increased in California
on account of the very greatly increased ex-
pense of living. If two officers are similarly
situated their compensation is the same. One
colonel, for instance, is stationed in Milwaukee
and another in Washington, both belonging to
the infantry or artillery. Their pay is the same,
and if they have been the same length of time
in the service their rations are the same, and
they are allowed the same number of horses
and servants.
Officers must live. They are educated for
the Army, they are supposed to maintain the
dignity of our flag, and are called to mingle
with and do their part in society, and in order
to do so, wherever they are they are now
obliged to exercise an economy unknown to
men in the same social position who are in
civil life.
For illustration, as to the present system, the
pricc of quarters may be much higher in Cali-
fornia than they are in Washington ; fuel may
be more or less expensive in the one place
than in the other. What is the result? In
each place the officer being detached and not
allowed in kind, as the law provides, is allowed
commutation according to the actual expense.
In California it may be one price and in
Washington another, but whatever it is, the
officer is allowed. Now, if an officer is or-
dered to Washington, there can be no favor-
itism shown him. lie is allowed what quar-
ters and fuel cost him in Washington. The
officer stationed at San Francisco is allowed
what quarters and fuel cost him there, so that
an officer of the same rank in San Francisco
■ and in Washington draws precisely the same
pay. This is equitable; and I think I will
be able to show before I get through that if
this bill is passed it will destroy the equality
of pay in a way that the gentleman, with his
sense of justice, would not be willing to allow.
Now, this is not a new question. It is one
that has from time to time been before Con-
gress for the last fifty years. We have had at
least three reports upon the subject from Pay-
masters General of the Army, and I do not sup-
pose that an officer would so far forget his
position, his integrity, and his rank as a gen-
tleman as to make a false report. In 1823 we
had the report of Paymaster General Towson,
when this question was up, and he by a process
,of reasoning, which to my faind is unanswer-
able, proved that the only just, equitable, and
equalizing system that could be adopted in the
pay of officers was the system, then and now in
force.
In 1856 the question came up again, and
Paymaster General Larned was called upon by
the Secretary of War to express his opinion.
He adopted the report of General Towson and
coincided with it, giving his opinion that the
present is the most equal and economical sys-
tem.
Then we come to 1866, when we have the
report of Paymaster General Brice, a gentle-
man who, I believe, is the personal friend of my
distinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Schekck.]
He coincides with the views of Generals Tow-
son and Larned, and adds a few additional ar-
guments in support of thepresent system, which
is sanctioned by experience of our own and
other countries as the most just and equitable
that "has been devised.
Now, sir, I do believe that here and there is
an old system which may be good. It is a sen-
sible motto that "the world is governed too
much." And in these modern days, if there
is anything outside of armed resistance which
will weaken the foundations of our Govern-
ment it is the excessive legislation which mod-
ern reform imposes upon the country.
Why, sir, we have had a hundred propositions
to amend the Constitution. Should they all be
adopted, that saered instrument, which has come
down to us from our fathers, will be covered over
with patch-work.
Now, sir, I sometimes like things because
they are old. I like those principles of law
which have come to us through the centuries
and become a part of the common law. I do
not much believe that modem civilization can
improve, by new enactments, the old law;
and yet, sir, at the same time, I have favored
amendments to the Constitution, as the votes
which I have given in this House will show.
This bill, sir, is an innovation upon this long-
settled and well-adjusted policy of the country,
and if passed, another Congress will be called
upon to legislate for the benefit of this or the
other class of officers.
It overthrows asystem which has the authority
and sanction of time and the intelligent judg-
ment of those who know what the requirements
of the country and the Army are.
It is amusing to hear the gentleman say that
he wants to equalize the pay of the officers of
the Army. Why, sir, is that so? I know it is
said that there is a centripetal and not a centri-
fugal force so far as offices at Washington are
concerned; that they are all seeking to eome
here and perform the duties of officers in the
various Departments of the Government. Sir,
I do not believe it. They are educated men,
educated to arms; and when the first alarm of
war was given, many of them, to my knowl-
edge, desired to join the forces in the field.
They preferred the paths of glory, though they
lead but to the grave. But an officer may be
in Oregon or m California ; the head at Wash-
ington deems him to be possessed of those pe-
culiar and rare qualities which fit him for a
position at Washington, and issues his com-
mand to him to repair to Washington for that
purpose, and he must obey the order or be
dismissed the service.
The officers come to Washington because
they are ordered, and not because they desire
it. Their labors during the war is their high-
est encomium. Look at your brave chief, the
Secretary of War; a man whose head is full
of active, thinking, well-balanced brain; and
whose heart is as pure and as tender as a
woman's. And, sir, when the history of this
war is written, as it will not be iftjour day or
ruin", Edwin M. Stanton wi'l have a place in
! the scroll of honor but one step beloiv that of
1 the martyred Lincoln. He and all those under
bim,m the Adjutant General's offiae, in .the
Quartermaster General's, office, and the Com-
missary General's office, have so managed the
affairs of the war that the nations of Europe,
remembering how their troops in the Crimea
were starved and frozen, have sent officers to
our land to examine and ascertain how under
the administration of such men in Washington
we have been able to feed and clothe and arm
a million and a half of men so that not one
word of complaint has come from the length
and breadth of this land. They gave to the
soldier bravery and courage, for he knew that
in due time, and when he required it, all that
was necessary to his comfort would be at his
bands; and that when he gave up his life for
his country there would be some one there
who would lay him in the pleasant shade and
erect a little monument over his grave with his
name upon it, so that when his friends should
come there they could plant flowers upon and
weep over his last resting-place. These are
the gentlemen who it is said should no longer
be allowed to remain in Washington.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schekck] ought to know that in England an
officer cannot bo assigned to the staff of the
army until he has served in every branch and
department of the army; and that in France
where an officer is put upon staff duties he is
obliged to serve one, two, or three years, or
as long as may be necessary, in the different
branches of the service in order to enable him
to become acquainted with the various condi-
tions and wants of the army.
Much has been said about officers in the
field. No one has a higher appreciation t'jaii
I have of the officer who, leaving behind him
father, mother, wife, children, family, friends,
and all, has taken his life in his hand and gone
forth in defense of the flag of his country, and
with a stout and resolute heart has stood up
against the enemies of the country. I see
I one here who now bears upon him tlie hon-
orable scars of battle ; who went into the war
from my own State, and came out with a record
second to that of no one in the service of the
country—suffering from a wound which almost
proved fatal, going homo to recover, and then
returning, he was again wounded, and has
lost his arm, but is still ready to do noble and
fearless service for his country. He put his
heart and his all upon the altar of freedom.
And now, when such men have thus rendered
faithful service, a bill is introduced to cut down
their pay. Sir, I have no patience with such
propositions.
But it is said that injustice has been done
to officers in the field, and that too much
has been done for officers of the staff. Let us
see how this is. The officer in the field has
had what the Government provides liim to
shelter his head; either a building or a tent.
, He has had such food as the Government al-
lowed him. Does he complain'? lie has had
all to which he is entitled. Does an officer
stationed at Washington have more? He has
enough more only to enable him to keep soul
and body together. There has been no injus-
tice to officers in the field.
But we hear much about the duty of officers
in the field. Sir, the duty of ail officer in the
field in time of peace does not compare to the
duty of an officer in Washington. The labor
is not so great: the responsibility is not so
great; the risk of life, taking all things into
consideration, is not so great as it is in this
pent up and dirty city.
Now, we will see how much the bill of my
friend from Ohio equalizes the service. A col-
onel of infantry or a commander of a regiment
gets in Washington or elsewhere S3,000 a year
—nothing more. Does not the gentleman
know that when a colonel is in the field he
gets in addition to his $3,000 his quarters and
his fuel, while the officer Stationed in Wash-
ington does not by this bill? Take the case of
a colonel in command of Fortress Monroe .or
Fort McHenry, or any other fort upon the sea-
board or upon the lakes in the interior. What
