1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
their view of the subject is just to the parties
that present this claim. In the first place, the
Senator from Missouri says that before the
board that was organized there was no evi-
dence, so far as he can observe, except the
testimony of the parties themselves. Now,
Mr. President, I think that if the board was
satisfied with that evidence and reported it as
satisfactory, we should be slow to question even
that testimony, for during the last Congress we
made parties to actions competent witnesses
in ordinary suits in the courts between man
and man ; and if this board received the testi-
mony of the parties themselves, together with
their' bonks of account, their detailed state-
ments of expenditure, and relied upon that, I
should not disregard the results of their inves-
tigation because of that alone. But the Sena-
tor has not thoroughly examined the report of
the board, as he stated himself, else he would
have found very material testimony in addition
to that of the parties themselves; and I will
call his attention to the testimony of Naval
Constructor Pook, 011 pages 30 and 31 of the
report of the board. I will read just one or
two sentences of that testimony to show the
character of it. in answer to a question, he
says:
" Having examined the bills of cost and extra work
of gunboat Chenango, built by Jeremiah Simonson,
I find them to be fair and reasonable in every reject.
Having examined the bills of cost and extra woikfor
the gunboats Massasoit and Osceola, built by Curtis
& Tilden, I find them correct, charges fair and reas-
onable, and consider that the bill for extra work
should be paid in full. Having examined the bills
of eost and extra work for the gunboat Pontiac, built
by Hillman & Streaker, I find them correct, charges
fair and reasonable, and consider that the bill for
extra work should be paid in full. Having exam-
ined the bill of cost of gunboat Wyalusing, built by
C. H. and W. M. Cramp, I find it to be correct, fair
and reasonable in every respect. Having examined
the bills of cost and extra work for trie gunboats
Agawain and Pontoosuc, built by Geoige W. Law-
renco, I find them correct, fair, and reasonable, and
consider that the bill for extra work should be paid
in full."
And he goes on with other accounts. Then
he comes to another account where ho says he
finds these items not to be fair and correct,
and that they ought not to be allowed as they
are presented; and upon his testimony the
naval board acts. Then 1 find that Naval Con-
structor Delano, an experienced man in the
construction of vessels-of-war, was also a wit-
ness before the board; also, Assistant Engi-
neer Pierce and Chief Engineers Lawton and
Brooks were witnesses before the board. I
have been able to refer to these during the dis-
cussion. What other testimony there was
before the board in addition to the test:mony
of the parties, I am not able at the inou cnt to
say ; but this testimony of these officers of the
Government is upon the very points that the
board was investigating.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ The Senator will
excuse me for interrupting him. The point
to which I wish to direct his attention is this :
did these parties who were witnesses before
the board, andto whom henowrefers, have any
personal knowledge of the work, or were they
connected with it as superintendents in any
such manner that they would neccessarily
know that these were the items of articles that
went into the construction of these identical
vessels ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course these naval
constructors being skilled men knew what
ought to go into a ship. Suppose that the cost
of a house is in investigation before a court.:
suppose we are investigating the cost of_ a
house, and the size of it is given, the material
that goes into it is known to a carpenter or a
mechanic just as well as if he saw each piece
put, into the house.
Mr. HENDERSON. Did they superintend
the work or had they any personal knowledge
of it, or were they men connected with the
Government here, naval constructors in this
city, or were they naval constructors at New
York or elsewhere?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not able to say
where these men lived, or where they discharged
. the duties of their office. I find them to be
officers of the Government employed in the
construction of vessels. Whether they were
superintendents of these particular vessels I
cannot answer the Senator, nor do I care.
They knew the character of the vessels, their
dimensions, and all about them; and when
called upon to examine the accounts presented
they say that those accounts are correct. It
must be so, because they know what would
necessarily go into a vessel of the sort.
Another point made by the Senator from
Missouri and the Senator from Ohio is that we
are not required to give much force to the find-
ing of the board; for what reason? For the
reason that that board was organized pursuant
to a resolution of the Senate. I am not able
to •understand the moral force of that argu-
ment. If the House of Representatives had
concurred in the resolution, and a board, com-
posed perhaps of these same men, had been
organized by the Secretary of the Navy under
a joint resolution, do the Senators believe that
the investigations of the board would have been
more thorough than they were when it was
organized by aresolution of the Senate? Where
is the force of that objection ? These officers
were discharging a duty to the Government.
Did they not do it fully and fairly? If the
award of arbitrators is questioned because of
partiality, mistake, or fraud, you must show it;
the fact must be made known; and in the
absence of some evidence on the subject the
award is presumed to be honestly made, and
made upon a full investigation of the case.
Now, here is a board organized pursuant to a
resolution of the Senate. I was not present,
as I now recollect, when that resolution was
passed, for I think I left a day or two before
the adjournment of the extra session, and I
kuew nothing about its introduction or its pas-
sage; but it is a resolution of the Senate, and
a board is organized pursuant to it to do a par-
ticular duty for the Government. Why is it
that the finding of that board has less moral
weight with the Senate than it would have if
the board had been organized under a joint
resolution of the two Houses? I am not able
to see.
The Senator from Missouri referred to the
case of the Onondaga. That vessel is said to
be one of a very fine and very superior order.
The Senator said that the delay in the con-
struction of that vessel was not occasioned by
any act of the Government. If he will turn to
page 19 of the record of the board, he will find
that he is mistaken. It appears there :
" That the causes of delay in building the hull and
machinery of the Onondaga were on account of ex-
pensive alterations, and also the same as apply to the
Chenango and Ascutney."
Expensive alterations were ordered by the
Government. Both Senators referred to the
fact that some of these parties may have con-
structed other vessels and may have made
profits out of those vessels, and it is proposed
by them to set off the profits that may have
been made in the construction of other vessels
against the losses that were sustained on these.
Upon what principle does that rest? It is a
new idea to me. I know nothing about this
except that I heard it stated, from no reliable
authority, that Messrs. Eads & Co., constitu-
ents of the Senator from Missouri, had made
money in other work. 1 know nothing about
it except just as I have heard a rumor to that
^ effect. Suppose that Eads & Co. did make
i money in building some other ship, %vas it not
j right that they should make something? Ought
i tlie prolits that were made by them in the pursuit
' of their business, profits that they would have
madeindoingworkforindividual citizens ofthe
country, be taken away from them because they
sustained a loss 011 other vessels? I do not
understand this proposition of setting off prof-
its that may have been made 011 other vessels
as against losses sustained on these. I do not
understand it either as a lpgal or a moral prop-
osition. unless they obtained the contracts on
which they made the profits by improper influ-
ences, unless there was Iraud in them. Then
perhaps there would be some moral propriety
in off-setting. I do not know that the contracts
were made all together; but I think they were
different contracts for different characters of
vessels. I know nothing about it; but if they
made profits, it is what mechanics expect, that
they shall make some profit, and I cannot see
the principle of taking away their profits on
one vessel because they sustained a loss on
another.
Mr. President, suppose that Eads & Co. in
1862 made a contract to build two vessels, and
the Government suggested from time to time
alterations in those vessels, and they are the
losers upon those vessels to the amount of
$50,000, and suppose they take contracts for
two other vessels, and the Government does
not interfere at all, there is no trouble about
them, and they go on and complete their con-
tracts within the time specified and they make
a profit on those contracts, why shall you take
that away which is right and which they ought
to enjoy to set it off against losses which were
occasioned in part by the act of the Govern-
ment?
The Senator from Ohio used an illustration
that I think is unfortunate for the purposes of
his argument. He says that men have lost
money by buying corn, oats, horses, and other
things for the Government during the war, and
that we upon the same principle that we indem-
nify the constructors of iron-clads and moni-
tors ought to indemnify those ordinary contract-
ors. I am surprised that the Senator does not
see a difference. A man goes to a quarter-
master or a commissary for what, purpose 1
Not to produce but for the purpose of buying
and then selling to the Government upon spec-
ulation. His purpose is exclusively to make a
speculation. The mechanic in his shop pro-
duces ; he is not a speculator ; he is a laborer.
He expects by his labor and his enterprise and
his skill and his judgment to make a profit, and
he makes a contract with the Government and.
the Government interferes with him in the
prosecution of that contract and he asks to be
reimbursed; and it is said to him by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, "1 on, a mechanic that expend
your money and your labor for the benefit oi
the Government, stand upon the same moral
proposition as the speculator, the shoddy con-
tractor, who expected profit and nothing else
when he made his contract." A man contracts
with the Government to furnish corn or hay or
oats for the Army, he expects to go out and
make his purchases at once to fill his contract;
he knows what the prices are, and he can go
out and satisfy his contract at once. If he
contracts to supply a thousand head of horses
at $100 a head, he knows what the present
cost of horses in the market is and he goes out
at once and fills his bid.
Mr. KIItKWOOD. Suppose the horses are
to be delivered three or four months hence, and
the price rises in the mean time?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then he takes it as a
speculation ; but I say that the mechanic who
undertakes to do work for the Government
-which cannot be completed ivithin six months,
aud which is not, bccauseof the act ofthe Gov-
ernment, completed within eighteen months,
does not stand before the country and before
, Congress as a speculator. Here are men_ in
! New York that have shops; they are doing
' work for the country; they are building ma-
chinery for the demands of the business ofthe
country, making money, and the Government
says to them, ''We want a ship built.1; They
devote their entire energy, their capital, and
their machinery to the production ot this ship.
It is not a matter of speculation ; it is an enter-
prise for the benefit of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to inquire whether this is a
■ bill for the benefit of mcchanicsor contractors-
How much of this money will go to the work-
men that he is talking about? .
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know of a
single case in which this does not go for the
benefit of a mechanic. There may be some of
these coritractors who are not mechanics, but
I am not aware of ft single case of that kind.
