1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
thereof many of them are compelled to resort to tho
use of crutches in placc of said artifieiallimbs: There-
Rexohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into tho truth of said reports,
and if found to be true, that they report what further
legislation or action, if any, is nocessary in the prem-
ises.
CONTRIBUTIONS BY DISLOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. McCLU&Gr submitted the following res-
olution ; on which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas it is the opinion of this House that tho con-
tinued contumacy in the scccding States renders it
necessary to exorcise congressional legislation in oidcr
to give the loyal citizens of those States protection in
their natural and personal rights enumerated in the
Constitution of the United States, and, in addition
thereto, make1? it necessary to keep on foot a large
standing army to securo the present onjoymcnt of
those rights, to maintain the authority of the national
Government, and to keep the peace; and whereas the
country is already heavily burdened by a war debt in-
curred to defend the nationality against an infamous
rebellion, and it is neither just nor politic to inflict
tlTis vaht additional expense 011 the peaceful industry
of the nation : Therefore,
Jienohod, That it bo referred to the joint committee
of lift eon of tho Senate and House to ascertain whether
such contumacy bo clearly manifest, and if so to in-
quire mfo the expediency of levying contributions on
tne disloyal inhabitants of such seceding States, to
defray tho extraordinary expenses that will other-
wise be imposed on tho General Government; and
that said committee be instructed to report by bill
or otherwi.se.
Mr. F1NCK. T move that the resolution be
laid 011 the table.
"Mr. 0 RIDER. On tluit motion I demand
tho yeas and nays.
Mr. FIN'CK called for tellers on ordering tho
yeas and nays.
Tollers wore not ordered.
TI10 yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The Housedividcd; and there were—ayes 22,
noes 41); no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tollers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Einoic and McClttro.
Mr. S0IH3NCK. If the House refuse to lay
the resolution upon the table, will it not be in
order lo refer it without further action?
TheSPKA K Kit. it will if the previous <|ues-
tion be not. seconded.
The House again divided; and tho tellers
reported—ayes 22, noes 71.
So tho resolution was not laid upon tho table.
Mr. WdMUlXliO. 1 demand the yeas and
nays notwithstanding they were refused, be-
cause there was 110 quorum in tho House when
they wore demanded.
The SPEAK Ell. The Chair overrules the
point of order on tho ground that the yens and
nays can be called without a quorum being
present. The Constitution says that one fifth
of ihe members present may order 1 he yeas and
nays; a quorum, therefore, is not necessary.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SCHhjNCK moved that the resolution
bo referred to the commiltce on reconstruction
without instructions.
M t\ Ki NCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KOUJ MS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer.
Mr. LATHAM. I was under the impression
that tho 1 esulution went to the committee under
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks clearly
it does not, as it relates to taxation.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. If 1 understand the effect
of tin1 motion of my colleague, it. is to refer
the resolution without it being adopted by the
House, i am in favor of that.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—yeas 102, nays 27, not voting
54: as follows:
YE Messrs. Allison. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker.Baldvvin, Banks, Baxter, Bcaman, Benja-
min, Bid well, Bund) am, Blow, Biandcgec, Biomwell,
Broomall, Buekhmd, Bmidv, Header W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cuilom. Darling, Davis, l)e
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holme*. Hooper, Asahel
-W. Hubbard, Cheater!). Hubbard, Demas Ilubbyid,
James B. Hub boll, Hulburd, Ingcrsoll, Julian, Kel-
lev, Kelso, Kctcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham,
William Lawrence, Lynch, McClurg, MeKeo, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Porham, Pike, Plants, Price, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
ficld, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry I). Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welkcr, Wentworth, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, DelosR. Ashley, Dawson,
Demson, Eldridgc, Fmck, Glossbrenner, Croodyear,
Gridcr, Aaron Harding, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubboll,
Kerr, McCullough. Nibiack, Phelps, Samuel J. Ran-
dall.Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Smith,
Strouse, Tavlor, Trimble, and Winfield—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Barker, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Boutwcll, Boyer, Brooks, Chanlcr, Cof-
Iroth, Conkhng, Culver, Dawes, Dixon, Farnsworth,
Harris, Hill, liotehkiss, John If. Hubbard, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Jcnckcs, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, George V. Lawrence, LeBlond, Loan,
Longyciir, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Mclndoe,
Miller, Nicholson, Nooll, Pomeroy, Radford, Ray-
mond. John H. Rice, Sitgreaves, Starr, Stilwcll, Ta-
bor, Thayer, Thornton, Upson, Van Acrnam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner,
Whaley, and Wright—5-1.
So tho resolution was referred to the com-
mittee on reconstruction.
During the vote,
Mr. COFFROTH stated he was paired with
Mr. Upson.
The vote was then announced aS above
recorded.
ADDITIONAL CLERK FOR SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. ANDERSON" submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
referred to the Committee of Accounts:
Ilcnolved, That, the Sergoant-at-Arms be authorized
to employ an additional clerk in his offico.
ASSOCIATED PRESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I submit a resolution that the Speaker shall
assign a desk upon this floor to Mr. Hayes, the
repoiter for the Associated Press. It is for the
benelit of us all the reporter shall be where he
can sec and hear all that is going on, so that
he may make his abstract correctly.
Tho Clerk rcjid, as follows:
Resolved, That tho Speaker assign adesk upon tho
floor of tho House to Honry O. Hayes, reporter for
tho Associated Press.
There was no objection.
Tho resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moVed that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
SIHUIl MACHINERY.
Mr. WENTWORTH introduced a bill to
provide for admission duty free of certain ma-
chinery into the United States for the period
of two years; which was read a lirst and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
NAVY-YARD AT MOUND CITY.
Mr. KUYKENDALL introduced a bill to
establish a navy-yard and depot at Mound City,
in the State of Illinois; which was read a lirst
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee 0x1 Naval Affairs.
BOUNTIES AND WAOKS "WITHHELD.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, introduced the
following resolution j which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
/jV.WrW, That the Committee on Military Affairs
bo instructed to inquire, and, if expedient in their
opinion, report at an early day a bill to pay to offi-
cer.-: and soldiers who have served in tho Army of
the United States, and to their heirs, if deceased, all
wages and bounties withheld from them byreason of
tho judgment of any court-nuuiial, or of any mili-
tary order, which, by proper authority, has been set,
aside; and also in nil eases where bounty and wages
exceeding one month's pay arc withheld in pursuance
of said judgments or orders upon conviction for minor
offenses.
CLERKS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas there is a deep and profound anxiety on
the part of the tax-payers that the expenses of the
General Government should be reduced as much as
possible, compatible with thepublic interest: There-
fore.
Jich resolved, Thatthostanding and select commit-
tees of tho House having clerks for said committees
bo, and they are hereby, instructed to report to the
House at an early day whethera clerk is, in the judg-
ment of said committee, necessary for the transaction
of itsbusiness; what portion of the time of the clerk is
occupied in the necessary and legitimate business of
the committee, and what portion in attending to the
private business of the members.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to lay the
resolution oti the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. On that
I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 83, not voting
55; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bingham, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Dawson,
Delano, Donnelly, Eliot, Garfield, Grinnell, llart,
Hayes, Henderson, Holmes, A^ahel W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James Hum-
phrey, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Marvin, Myers, O'Neill, Perham, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Smith, Spalding, Stovcns, Wolker,
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Blow, Brandegee,
Bromwcll, Chanlcr, Coffroth, Conkling, Cook, Cui-
lom, Darling, Davis, Defrees, Deming, Denison, Du-
inont, Eekley, Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron Hard-
ing, AbnerC.Hardinglligby, Hogan, EdwinN. Hub-
bell, Hulburd,Ingcrsoll, Kcrr,Kotcham, ICuykendall,
George V. Lawrence, Marshall, McClurg, McCul-
lough, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Moorlicad, Morris,
Moulton, Newell, Nibiack, Nicholson, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Alexander 11. Rice, John II. Rice, Rit-
ter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Strouse, Taylor, hrancis Thomas, John L.Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Acrnam. Burt
Van Ilorn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B.Washburn, Wentworth, James F.
Wilson, and Windom—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Barker, Ber-
gen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutwcll, Boyer, Brooks, Cul-
ver, Dawes, Dixon, Driggs, Egglcston, Farnsworth,
Griswold, Harris, Hill, 1 fooper, Tlotclikiss, Chester
I). Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James M.Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Latham, Le Blond,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Mclndoe, Miller,
Morrill, Noell, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Radford,
Raymond, Rousseau, Scofieid, Sitgreaves, Starr, Stil-
woll, Tabor, Thayer, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Warner, Whaley, and Wright—55.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was disagreed to.
The question then recurrcd on "seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
matter that ought to be examined by the Com-
mittee of Accounts.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope they
will have an opportunity to examine it.
The question being taken 011 seconding the
demand for the previous question, no quorum
voted.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Ross, and Mr. Ashley of Ohio.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; arid under the op-
eration thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to the res-
olution ; and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON SALES.
Mr. THORNTON. I offer the following res-
olution, upon which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the ComraittceofWays and Meansbe
instructed to inquircinto the expediency of so amend-
ing section ninety-eight of the act of June .30,1861,
entitled "An act to increaso the duties on imports,
and for other purposes," that judicial or executive
officers making sale5; by virtue of a judgment or de-
cree of any court, and also guardians, executors, or
administrators making sales by virtue of their office,
may employ auctioneers to make such sales without
any liability upon such auctioneers to pay thotaxon
sales provided for in said section.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
A. ZIEGLER.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, submitted the
