2952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
is the difference? Why. sir, he is at a post,
and he gets $3,500. Besides, an officer at a
post like Fortress Monroe gets his fuel and
quarters from the Government for nothing.
What is the cost of an officer's fuel and quar-
ters in Washington ?
The gentleman from Ohio, who is keeping
house, knows something about what these ex-
penses are, and so do I. He knows, as I do,
that by the most rigid economy you cannot
obtain quarters and fuel for less than $1,500 a
year. What is the effect, then, of this equali-
zation? The man at Fortress Monroe or Fort
McHeury, indulging in all the pleasures of life,
having his quarters and fuel furnished him,
with his wife and children around him, and
with comparatively nothing to do, will receive
under the operation of this bill 82.000 a year
more than an officer of the same rank on duty
in Washington. The latter receives S3,000,
out of which he is obliged to pay for his quar-
ters and fuel, SI,500, so that he has $1,500
left to live upon; while an officer of the same
rank at one of these forts receives $3,-500, the
whole of which he has for the support of him-
self and family.
Sir, go still further, and take the case of a
second lieutenant of infantry. What is his
pay under this bill? Sixteen hundred dollars.
Take the case of the colonel. He is ordered
to Washington. He is obliged to come. He
must obey orders or be dismissed, though he
may be about as willing to be dismissed as to
obey.
A second lieutenant in the field gets $1,600.
A colonel in Washington gets $3,000, of which
$1,500 goes for house rent and fuel, leaving
him $1,500 to pay for his living in this dirty
and extortionate city. The colonel has only
that amount to live on, where'as the second
lieutenant of infantry or other branch of the
service when in the field has quarters and fuel,
and besides all these, which are furnished to
him, he receives SI,600 to live on; in other
words, the second lieutenant gets $100 a year
more than the colonel who may have served in
the field for twenty or thirty years and may
happen to be stationed in Washington.
This is equalization with a vengeance. There
is no equalization about it. The gentlemen
admit the whole principle involved by the very
amendments which they have offered. When
they propose the amendments they give away
the question, in the advocacy of which they
have been so earnest. What do these amend-
ments propose? First it is provided that a
mounted officer at his post may draw forage.
Instead of the longevity ration it is provided
that there shall be a certain increase of pay at
the end of every five years. And what does
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixf.]
propose? That food shall be furnished to the
officers wherever they may be stationed without
adding the cost of transportation. When gen-
tlemen offer these they give up the very propo-
sition for which they have argued with so much
zeal, cogency, and ability. They say impliedly
that their proposed system will not do ; that
this Procrustes' bed will not do for our officers
to sleep on.
With these amendments the bill is the same
as the existing law with one or two exceptions,
and those are in reference to servants, and ser-
vants' clothing, and commutation of quarters
and fuel. And I have shown, I think, that
these are eminently just. Now, sir, shall we
say to an officer at San Francisco, who must
obey you. that he must come to Washington
with only $1,500 to support himself and fam-
ily? Shall we say, although he has no com-
mutation for fuel or quarters, he must come to
a city where his expenses are largely increased
and support himself on that sum ? Is that the
way to support this great and honored branch
of the Government? Is it right toward officers
who have^ imperiled their limbs and lives in
defense of the country? Is it the way to treat
men who have borne our flag through the storms
of battle riddled with bullets and* now placed
in the War Department as the symbols of vic-
tory and the evidences of the safety of the nation
and restoration of the Union? Is such the way
to treat them? The gentleman has too great
a sense of justice, if he agrees with me in my
premises, to resist the conclusion to which they
force him.
I do beg and implore gentlemen not to vote
blindly on this question. Do not take my ipse
dixit. Do not take as law whatever my friends
or the committee may say. The bill itself does
not come before the House with the unanimous
recommendation of the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is a fair question of difference. It
is 'a fair question of dispute. I ask gentle-
men to inform themselves whether the bill
works equity or not. Let them satisfy them-
selves whether if this bill be passed great in-
justice will not be done to valuable and worthy
officers of our Army. -
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe]
used the following language:
"For example, a colonel of infantry in the field
receives for Ins compensation, including forage, only
8i520. And yet when on service in Washington a
colonel of infantry receives$3,897. Alieutenant col-
on cl of infautiy in the field receives, including forage,
$-.436; in Wa&hincrton hereeeives $j,5G5 50. Amajor
of infantry in the field receives 52,148; in Washington
he receives ^3,277 50."
It is very evident that a colonel or major
stationed in a city is at much more expense
than when stationed in the field.
And yet the difference between the compen-
sation of an officer stationed at Washington or
in the field does not amount to what the officer
has to pay for his quarters and fuel here, so
that m point of fact an officer of the same rank
comes out better at the end of the year in the
field than at Washington.
xVnd yet we are told with an air of triumph
by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe]
that officers stationed in Washington get more
than in the field, and that, there are only three
officers who in point of fact receive less com-
pensation than a member of Congress, a lieu-
tenant. captain, and major. Sir, it depends
upon where a member of Congress lives, and
what mileage he gets. If he" lives in Balti-
more he is allowed only thirty-two dollars mile-
age. But mileage is adjusted upon a sliding
scale, however erroneous or unjust it may be
in the estimate of many. The pay instead of
being $3,000 is by reason of mileage greatly
increased, so that the average pay of a mem-
ber of Congress is better than that of an officer
of the Army below the grade of general.
Take the case of a member from the Pacific
coast, who receives the highest amount by this
sliding scale. Fie receives for mileage six or
seven thousand dollars, while the member from
Vermont receives about four hundred dollars.
It is a very elastic system, so much so that it
was alleged two years ago in this House that
of two members residing in the same county
one drew $1,000 more than the other.
The gentleman knows, moreover, that an
officer of the Army can engage in no private
business; when he does it he is stricken from
the roll. But as regards a member of Con-
gress, everybody is aware that he is detained
here at most only about eleven months inihe
two'years, so that more than half his time can
be devoted to his chosen profession or pursuit,
He can return from the session of Congress to
his farm, his counting-room, or his office, to
those avocations in which he is supposed, at
least, to have been successful in life.
Then, the gentleman's illustration is a poor
one. Sir, I do not hesitate to say, coming, as
I do. from a section that is supposed to under-
stand what economy is, that the pay of a mem-
ber of Congress is not enough. I come here
with my family—for I like family influences,
which keep a man pure—but I know that no
man can live here on the pay of a member of
Congress, except by the greatest economy. I
am sure I cannot do it, and my economical
friend, the chaiiman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, [ill-. Schexck,] tells us that he
cannot. And yet, because we get just enough
to starve us, must we starve the heroes of out-
Army upon a like fixed compensation? Why,
sir, the title of this bill ought to be amended
so as to read, "A bill to provide for the grad-
ual starvation of the officers of the Army."
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
says that this bill will prevent officers from
struggling and engineering for this, that, or the
other post. Why, sir, under the existing law
that cannot be done. Why? Because the pay
of the officer of the same rank is the same,
and hence it makes no difference to him in
point of pay whether he goes to one quarter or
another, whether he is stationed in Washing-
ton, New York, Boston, or Denver. His reg-
ular pay and allowances are the same wherever
he is stationed, and if he is detached so that
the Government does not supply quarters and
fuel, then he is allowed simply the amount
which he is obliged to pay for them.
But pass this bill and you will stir up the
spirit of rivalry. The colonel who, when sta-
tioned here, has but $1,500 for the support of
himself and family out of his $3,000, by going
to Fortress Monroe or other post,- can get
$3,500, with his quarters and fuel found him.
Then would come the trouble. Pass the bill
and you starve the officers in Washington, New
York, Philadelphia, Boston, and other detached
stations. They cannot live there upon their
pay.
Now. sir, I have gone through the provisions
of this bill at much greater length than I in-
tended. What is its necessity? The memory
; of officers who have been true, faithful, heroic,
I honorable, and honest, who have served their
' country and gone to paupers' graves cries
against it. No officer has received more than
was absolutely necessary for the expenses of
his position. The present system of pay comes
to us sanctioned by a number of decisions in
Congress, and by at least the decisions of three
| Paymasters General, and by the experience of
| half a century, during which no evil has been
| wrought under it. It is drawn from England
and France—military nations which for a cen-
tury have adopted the same principle that we
adopt now in the payment of the officers of our
Army.
Sir, the pay is not too much. It was not
too much when the expenses of living were
half what they are now. And now, just after
this terrible conflict; just after the dove has
come back to the window bearing the olive-
branch : just after the dread conflict of arms:
just after these officers have clothed themselves
with glory, as patriots and brave men; at such
a time as this, when expenses are double what
they were before the war, gentlemen insist that
"as a reward of their heroism, as areward of
their patriotism, as a badge of their glory, wo
should take away a portion of their pay, and
make it less than it was before the war."
Sir, for one I do not believe in such a policy.
I believe in letting well enough alone. I be-
lieve in adhering to systems sanctioned by time,
when I can see no objection and no evil to the
Government.
I say, then, "Let well enough alone.'' Do
not trust to tearing down and building upon
the ruins of what you have torn down, for
nine times out of ten where a system sanc-
tioned by experience and time is ruthlessly
destroyed, and a new one built upon its ruins,
you will find that you have made a fatal and
inevitable mistake.
Mr. DUMONT. Mr. Speaker, it was re-
marked the other day by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] who addressed
the House upon the subject of this bill, and who
took the same ground as the gentleman who
has just taken his seat, [Mr. WioriBKinoE]—
or rather such was the tone and tenor of his dis-
course—that Ibis bill emanated from and had its
origin in hostility to the regular Army. Sir, if
any such motive as that actuated those who have
brought forward this bill I do not know it. 1 am
not a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and know nothing with regard to their
feelings upon this subject, but so far as that
chaige would apply to me I would say that it
