1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1998
Mr. CLARK, I cannot quite agree to tliat,
that if anything is to be paid we ought to pay
the award, if that is what the Senator means.
Mr. NYE. The cost is to lie paid.
Mr. CLARK. If the cost is to be paid, we
are to pay what is reported; but we have not
come to an agreement to pay what the cost is
reported to be, because it lays out of the case
entirely the equities on the other side. Now,
if you will constitute a board, and a fair board
—T do not care who you take, whether they
are builders, mechanics, or merchants, if they
are fair people, and refer the matter to them
with authority to say what ought to be paid
under all the "circumstances by the Govern-
ment, then I might perhaps be willing to abide
by that award; but 1 am certainly not willing
to abide by an award whieli has been made
showing only the cost, when so far as I can
ascertain—and the Senator from Indiana will
correct me if I am wrong—the committee did
not receive any new testimony on that point.
He will allow me to inquire whether there was
any testimony before the committee going to
show what deductions should be made other
than what came from the report of the board.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the Sena-
tor I will say that at the last session of Con-
gress the committee had before them two of
the heads of bureaus in the Navy Department,
the head of the Engineering Bureau and of
the Construction Bureau, Mr. Lenthall and Mr.
Isherwood, and also Superintendent Wood.
They testified before the committee at the last
session. What they testified at that time was
incorporated into the report made by the com-
mittee at the last session, and it is extracted
into the report made at this session. The com-
mittee had also before them a document certi-
fied to by Admiral Gregory who had charge
of this work, showing the cost of labor and
materials from time to time—the table which
is appended to the report. 1 do not know
whether that was before the board or not. I
do not know of any other testimony that was
before the committee that was not before the
board.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that at the last
session, before the committee as then consti-
tuted, some testimony was given. I do not know
whether the committee is the same now or not;
probably it is nearly the same: but at this ses-
sion, after this report from the board comes to
them, they consider it and consider in addition
what was said at the last session, and the evi-
dence furnished them then. Now, I want to say
One word in regard (o the table, for I am satis-
fied that the table is not made up correctly in
some instances. Take, for instance, the cost of
pig iron in 1864. It is said to be in the month
of January, forty-live dollars ; in the month of
February, fifty dollars ; and so running through.
I happen to have in my possession an affidavit,
furnished by a house in New York, of actual
sales, and they quote the sales from their books
made through the months of 1S64. all the
months, and I have compared it with this ta-
ble, and the actual sales which they made were
from ten to fifteen per cent, lower than the
prices quoted in the table. But I have not had
the opportunity of examining the table further,
because I had no means.
Mr. WILLEY. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire whether theiron, the sales of which
he refers to, was the same kind of iron and of
the superior quality required for these vessels.
Mr. CLARK, f cannot say what quality it
was. It is quoted as pig-iron, as the general
quotation is here "American pig-iron." It
does not appear from this table what the qual-
ity was.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was a very superior
quality.
Mr. CLARK. It may have been very supe-
rior, but I do not understand it to be so.
Mr. GRIMES. That would depend some-
what upon what it was used for in either ease.
Mr. CLARK. For common ordinary east-
ings it would not require a \ ery superior qual-
ity.
Mr. GRIMES. If it was to go into the en-
gines it would require extra iron. If the pig-
iron was to go into thg dome of the Capitol it
would not necessarily be very superior.
Mr. CLARK. But I was not proposing to
comment on that, because I am willing to take
the tables as I find them for the purpose of
what I have to say. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Indiana to the first
case reported here, to show what may be the
equities on the one side and the other. If he
will take the report and follow me a little
while, I will call his attention to the case of
the Iosco. It will be found that the con-
tractors for building the hull of the Iosco were
Larrabec & Allen, and they went on to con-
struct the vessel, and they brought in their bill
of costs, and their costs exceed the contract
price and the extra work by 811,708 97. It
is the first case upon the list. If the Senator
will be kind enough to turn to page 10 of the
report of the board he will find this case of the
Iosco specially reported:
" Regarding the United States steamer Iosco, sidc-
wheel, Uouble-ender: on the part of the contractors
and builders of the abovevessel appeared before the
board A. L. Allen, ship-builder, Bath, Maine, who
under oath stated that the contract lor the above
vessel was signed by the Navy Department on the
9th day ot September, 1862, in which he was allowed
one hundred and twenty->ix days to launch the ves-
sel, or until January 13, 1864, but the vessel was not
put into the water until March 20,1863, the vessel
ti'":ii!detained on the stocks by order of Admiral
Gregory and Inspector Pook"—
Now, this is the reason—
" as the engine builders were not ready to set up
the engine; that the vessel was delivered to the Globe
Works, South ISoston, March 2-1, 1853; that thirty
diys, or until May 13, veto allowed to erect the
machinery on bo.ml, bat the work was not completed
until March 5, 1S64, three hundred and l'orty-six
days."
The engine builders were to have erected
that work in the vessel in thirty days, and they
took three hundred and forty-six days to do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is any reason given for
the delay
Mr. CLARK. There is no reason given for
the delay here ; I am going to go on a little
further. Mr. Allen says further:
"That his vessel could not liavo been ready for
launching at the expiration of the contract, and they
were in no fault for tlus delay or loss of time to Gov-
ernment; that flic contract price for the vessel de-
livered at Boston amounted to yid.5U0: that the
entire cost ot tno vessel was $01,843 91; that in addi-
tion to the contract price he has been paid by bureau
for extra work §1,535 81: that the cost to him of the
vessel over and above the contract and extia bills
paid was Spll,810 07 ; and would state that, in addition
to the great extra expense to which ho was placed by
the delay of the ensine builders to complete their
work, lie was obliged to keep watchmen and to fur-
nish niateiial and outfits at greatly increased prices
and larger wages for labor."
You see he was put to great extra expense
by the delay of the engine builders.
Mr. J OHNSON. Permit mo to ask whether
the engine builder is allowed anything in this
bill ?
Mr. CLARK. Yes. sir. The engine builder
is allowed, as I will show presently, something
like thirty thousand dollars for the delay. 1
want to call the attention of the Senate to the
contract for the hull and the contract of the
engine builder to show the injustice that is to
be done here. The contractor who built the
hull clearly ought to be paid: he was delayed by
somebody ; Admiral Gregory and Constructor
Pook kept the vessel on the stocks until it
was necessaiy for her to be sent to the Globe
Works to lia\e her machinery put in, and then
when she got there thirty days were to have
been consumed in putting in that machinery so
that he could have finished his vessel, and yet
these engine builders took in the whole three
hundred and forty-six days to put in that
engine, and he was put to t'nis_ delay, The
board have rightfully awarded him, probably,
eleven thousand and odd dollars for that delay,
but the question is who should pay it. Do you
propose that the Government should pay it
when the engine builders caused that delay, not
the Government; the Government were in no
fault.
Mr. JOHNSON. _ I suppose the engine
builder contracted with the Government, not
with these parties.
Mr. CLARK, Yes, with the Government,
so that the Government would, have to stand
between the contractor for the hull and the con-
tractor for the engines, but in equity it should
come out of the engine builder.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the end it should ac-
cording to these facts; but you would not throw
the builder of the hull on the engine builder.
Mr.*CLARK. Certainly I would not; but
if I had to pay $11,000 to the builder of the
hull for the delay of this engine builder, I would
not give this engine builder $30,000 extra over
his contract foj doing it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly not.
Mr. CLARK. Now let us turn to page 15
of this report:
"Appeared before the board Daniel N. Pickering,
treasurer of the Globe "Works, South Boston, Massa-
chusetts, on thepartof the company, contractors for
tlie machinery of the double-enders Iosco and Mas-
sasoit. Under oath stated, thattheoontraetsforthese
vessels were dated by the Navy Department August
15, .1862, in which they were allowed seven months,or
until March 11,1863"—
When the vessel was ready—
"to complete the machinery and deliver the vessels
to the Government,, hut the Massasoitwas not so com-
pleted and delivered until the 9th of January, 1864,
nor the Iosco until the 18th of January, 1864, the prin-
cipal cause of delay being the difficulty in obtaining
workmen, as the demand for the services of men in
th c Army and Navy was so great, and also on account
of the number of vessels being built by the Govern-
ment."
Because the Government was choosing to
build vessels in other yards these people were
delayed, and therefore you are to pay them for
their delay. And now you allow for this engine
of the Iosco the sum of 820,789 because they
did not finish it until nearly a year after tliey
agreed to do it. lrou compel the Government
to pay $11,000 on the hull because they were
not ready, and then give them $'29,000 for that
delay. That is the justice of this operation,
and "that is the ''justice" to these contractors
which the Senator from Indiana talks about.
I have got as strong a case as that in an-
other instance. I have had time to examine
only two or three of these cases, because one
cannot go through forty-two cases in one day.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that the only excuse
in that case?
Mr. CLARK. That is the only excuse. I
will read the whole of what was said.
Mr. JOHNSON. You need not on my
account.
Mr. CLARK. They say that the demand
for men for the Army and Navy, and the num-
ber of vessels being built by the Government,
made it " impossible, with the scarcity of labor,
to fulfill the contracts within the given time."
There is the whole of it. Now, if the Senate
will turn to the case of the Chenango, on page
4, they will find:
"Appeared before the board Jeremiah Simonson,
ship-builder, and constructorof United States steamer
Chenango, under oath stated the whole amount of cost
of above vessel to have been S91.411 81; the amount
of extra work allowed and paid by bureau, $3,528 h;
the amount of contract, 873,000; and presented tho
accompanying sworn statement, marked 3, showing
the cost of that vessel over and above theeontracfc price
and allowance paid for extra work to be $16,441 81.'
And here in the table you find $16,441 81
for the steamer Chenango. Now, what was the
occasion for that? Mr. Simonson's statement
proceeds:
"That the contract for tho hull was dated Septem-
ber 9,1862, and the vessel to bo launched on January
13, 1S53, (one hundred and twenty-six days:) that the
hull was ready for launching at that time, but was
detained on tho ways by request of the naval con-
structor and inspector of hulls, S. M. Pook, to bo
hereafter shown, as the steam machinery was not
ready."
The same excuse again; the steam machinery
was not ready; this man was delayed because
the steam machinery was not ready.
"That the hull waslaunched on March 1'J, 1863,and
that no injury arose to the Government from delay
on his part; that the contractors lor tho steam ma-
chinery were allowed until May S (fiftv days) to erect
on board the engines, &e., but occupied until Decem-
ber 30, 1863, (two hundi ed and eighty-four days. J
It took two hundred and eighty-four days to
get that machinery in. .
Mr. JOHNSON. Where was the machinery
to be built?
Mr. CLARK. I will show the Senator pres-
