1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29&S
has no application and does not fit. I favor
the principle of the bill now under considera-
tion, but I favor the principle of this bill out
of no hostility to the officers of the Army.
The gentleman who has just taken his seat
has been exceedingly eloquent in pronouncing
their eulogy. I think he has said nothing in
their favor to which many of them are not
well entitled, that is to say, the great majority
of them, and exceptions do not disprove a rule.
The great majority of the officers of the regular
Army are entitled to all the commendations be-
stowed upon them by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Woodbridre.] I would not pluck
one single laurel from their brow, for upon
the tented field, where the din of battle raged,
they have won all the encomiums which the
gentleman is so able and willing to bestow.
I would feel myself unworthy of the constitu-
ency I represent, if, in advocating this bill, I
stood up to cast one single word of reproach
upon these men, these scarred veterans, these
battle-worn heroes, these men with mutilated
limbs. In legal parlance, there is such a thing
as suppressio veri as well as suggestio fahi;
and when a gentleman makes a speech which
leaves a certain impression behind it, although
he may not make a single false statement straight
out through his whole speech, it may partake
a little of the suppressio veri style of eloquence.
With all duo respect to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, let me suggest to him that that is slightly,
but unintentionally, of course, the character of
the speech just made. Anj' outsider, not famil-
iar with the law as it, now stands upon this sub-
ject and with the bill now before the House,
would go away with the impression that the
object of the bill or amendment was to cut down
the salaries of officers to a starvation standard,
invite the wolf to their door, make patriotism
a crime, and the profession of arms disreputa-
ble. I say, God forbid!
Mr. Speaker, I support this bill of the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs. J desire to have
some amendment made ; but the general prin-
ciples commend themselves to my judgment.
And yet if I believed that it was open to the
charges made against it by the honorable gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wooderidge,] and
by the equally able and ingenious gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Tuayjsk,] I would,
in the language of the country, "diop it like a
hot potato;" it would receive no support from
me. 1 do not want to pay officers of the Army
extravagantly, but I do want them to have a
respectable salary ; I want them paid in a man-
ner worthy of the country they serve ; 1 would
adopt no starvation standard, no penny-wise
and pound-foolish policy.
Now, it delights me to listen to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Tiiayeu.] Tie
is clear and forcible and logical in all that he
says when not deluded or laboring under error,
to which we are all more or less liable, in
regard to the facts, and yet under such delu-
sion he floundered terribly in his opposition
to this bill. It is true that a stranger occu-
pying a scat in the gallery, and not familiar
with "the Herniations of the Army, not famil-
iar with the subject under consideration, would
have gone away after listening to that speech
and said that the gentleman had made a con-
clusive argument; and yet the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr.P.uxE] knocked his eaith-works
all to pieces, pulled away the abattis, jumped
over the ditch, got into the citadel, and went
in generally on his muscle. There was noth-
ing left of his argument, and the gentleman
himself, I kind of fancied, felt ashamed of it.
Now, I can make a pretty good speech—that
, is. if I had the talents of my eloquent col-
league [Mr. Ortii] -\\lio now sits before me,
kindly giving me countenance and by a benig-
nant smile yielding assent to my words, feeble
and crude as they are—if I could have the
privilege of manufacturing and imagining my
own facts, or letting somebody else, not as
honest as I am, do it for me. [Laughter.]
But when the facts are taken away, vanished,
gone glimmering, when it is tound that the
superstructure has no foundation, whatbecomes
of the argument?
I saw the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] go over and have a little private con-
versation with the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Pake] after the latter gentleman had
concluded his remarks and taken his seat. I
did not hear the conversation, nor did I ask any-
thing about it. But I fancied, believing in the
gentleman's generous frankness and willing-
ness at all times to make the amende honor-
able, that it was a confession that he was van-
quished. Such a confession, I know, would be
honorable. I do not testify that he made it;
it is all guess-work, and may be wide of the
truth.
Now, how do you explain all this? How do
you explain that one of the most intelligent
members of this House gets up here and talks
very sensibly and ably for an hour—that is to
to say, in view of his flimsy premises—and after
ho hasspoken, another of great ability, itistiue,
but no abler than he, gets up and answers him,
and it turns out that there is nothing in his
speech at all? How do you explain it? 1
fancy I know exactly how it happens, and yet
1 do not know anything personally about it.
Still I think I know how it was done, for I
have been victimized in the same way. and
sympathize with fellow-sufferers. '"A burned
child dreads the fire.:' 1 do not intend to be
again.
I have had the honor, accidentally, on one
or two occasions to be a member of the State
Legislature ; and sometimes I have been met
by a friend in the lobby who has propounded
to ine such a question as this: "I)id you no-
tice such a bill introduced by such a member?"
To which I would reply, ''Oh. no, I did not
notice it; it has not been brought to my at-
tention." "AVell, it is a great outrage, it is
infamous, and you ought to oppose it." "Well,
sir, if it is an outrage, if it is iniquitous, as you
seem to suppose, 1 am entirely willing to op-
pose it. But I want you to post me in regard
to it ; to tell me in what its iniquity consists.''
An explanation would ensue, and I, believing
him to be an honorable gentleman, who would
not deceive or lead me astray, poor confiding
man that I was. would give full credence to
all he said ; and acting en his information,
make a speech corresponding therewith, all
light on my part, so far as intention goes, but
all wrong in point of fact.
But I "soon found that I stood on a sandy
foundation, that my facts were fallacies, and
my argument of no value for want of something
to stand on. I found myself riddled with bul-
lets from every quarter, until, as the boys say,
my hide would not hold corn-shueks. It taught
me a lesson that I will not forget to the day of
my death, that it is dangerous to be too con-
fiding.
1 tear the gentleman has fallen into just
such hands, and that they have treated him
no better than they did me. but of the two
1 miM confess I v^as a little the worse sold.
[Laughter.] Although an able lawyer—one of
the ablest in the country, as all admit—yet he
will pardon me for saying that he seemed to be
not well posted on this particular subject. It
was but too plain he had given too willing an
ear to some friend in whom he confided, and
who had led him astray. Why, he did not
seem to be conscious that an officer does not
receive his rations in kind ; and his own mis-
taken \ie\v on this point he gave as a reason
why this whole system—a relic of barbarism,
as I contend—ought not to be broken up. His
argument was that officers ought stiU to be
permitted to draw their rations in kind, as
heretofore, and as he asserted the law now to
be, because if that privilege was withheld, they
; could not live on the frontier where provisions
11 are dear.
1' I forbear to dwell on this; it is cruel to criti-
f cise such delusions. It is enough to say that
ji v, hat he states a-, the existing law has not been
j' the law 'or lo these many long years, bat I am
l! not prepared to say that it ought not to be the
law. Much has been said of the venerable
character of the present law, and that we ought
to be careful how we innovate upon the wis-
dom of ages. Now, old things may be very-
good. I am told that cheese and whisky im-
prove with age; and very likely this is the
case with some other thjjigs. But when I am
convinced that any system of laws is essen-
tially vicious and demoralizing, not such as
ought to exist upon the statute-book, I will
give my vote to wipe it out, no matter how
long it may have continued. Hoary-headed
error has no charms for me. I am, perhaps,
wanting in veneration. I do not venerate it a
bit. The gentleman fancies that he can see
hostility to the Array in all this. But it exists,
I think, alone in his imagination. We read
that
"The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Aie of imagination all compact.
One sees more devils than vast bell can hold;
That is the madman."
So with the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
He could find some evidence of hostility,
some ear-marks of it in every one of these
sections. Why? Because these were a very
meritorious class of men, who had done good
service to their country, had taken their lives
in their hands and gone upon the tented field
where battles are lost and won; therefore he
wanted to see no wrong done nor injttryin-
flicted. I cherish the same emotions of grati-
tude, entertain exactly the same feeling, but I
come to a different conclusion in regard to the
best interest of these men and as it respects
my own duty as a Representative of the people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if these remarks of mine
are not well founded; if they do injustice to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania; if it should hap-
pen that he is right while I am wrong; if it should
prove to be a fact that he has made no mis-
takes at all, while I say that every criticism lie
made was a mistake, it will be so understood
by the country when his remarks and mine go
forth. I may have spoken a little rough with
no bad intent, butam consoled by the reflection
that no one can be ultimately injured but hitn
who is in the wrong, by letting truth and error
grapple.
Why, sir, the gentleman says that this bill
deprives officers of quarters; and there has
been a terrible surge upon the subject of quar-
ters. We are almost reminded of the old ex-
pression about Satan shearing swine—proceeds,
more noise than wool. Yet, t his item of quarters
is more restricted now than some supppose; I
mean, of course, commutation of quarters.
The gentlemen on the other side seem to be
unwilling to let up on the subject of quarters.
It seems to be a favorite theme, the harp of a
thousand strings, the burden of their song.
On that particular point they seem to bo .sur-
charged.
A'case is cited of a colonel who has been on
duty on the frontier or in the field, and is or-
dered to some duty at. Washington city. He
gets so much as an annual salary tender this
bill. He keeps his family here, and rents a
house, not being peimitted to commute quar-
ters, which takes up half of his salary. In the
first placc. unless he is willing to foot the bill
himself, he has no business to have his family
tagging on his heels. He has no right to billet
them on the Government. [Laughter.] 1 hey
liave no business with him, except as my tam-
ily has with me at my own expense when away
from their fixed home. You might as w 11 say
if a man took his family with him in an active
campaign in face of the enemy, and bought a
farm on which to settle that family where the
fiaht was about to fake place, that it would use
up all his salary. Of course it would, it
presumed that a man who has been etlact-vd
by the Government from boyhood to manhood.
| and who goes into the field, having adopted
' the profession of arms, has some fixed abode.
That is a reasonable presumption. It occurs
very much to me in that way. lie is liable to
be stationed, so to speak, at \;ashingtqn to-
day. at Boston to-morrow, and at San eran-
