1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10S8
following resolution • which, was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee o** Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing to A. ZiegJer, of Port Byron, Illinois, a donation
for bending &even sons into the Army of the United
States to quell the late rebellion.
EQUALIZATION OP BOUNTIES.
Mr. OKTH submitted the following preamble
and resolution j which were read, considered,
and agreed to:
Whereas a discrimination in the distribution of
bounties among the soldiers, seamen, and marines in
the service of the Government during the recent re-
bellion now exists by virtue of the several acts on this
subject—a discrimination distasteful to the American
people and unjust to those gallant men who by their
valor have crushed armed treason: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That it is the sense of this House that
such injustice be speedily remedied, and that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs are hereby instructed to
report at an early day a bill providing for the equal-
ization of such bounties.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIARLAND lUCUARDSON.
Mr. DU MO XT introduced a bill for the relief
of Harland Richardson, late a second lieuten-
ant of company F, nineteenth regiment of In-
diana volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
QUALIFICATIONS OF ELECTORS.
Mr, DEFREES offered the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That it is the opinion of this House that
Congress has no constitutional ricrht to fix the quali-
fications of doctors in the several States.
Tlie question was taken on seconding the
previous question, and there were—ayes 40,
noes 58.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, rising to debate the
resolution, it went over under the rule.
TAX ON LEGAL DOCUMENTS.
Mr. KERR. I offer the following resolution,
upon which I demand the previous question:
"Whereas the provisions of the internal revenue law
of June r.O, lSfii. in section one hundred and seventy,
under he.nl of "legal documents," which require cer-
tain kind? of procc-sand legal documents used in the
courts of the States to be stamped, have been held by
the h c.- t courts of several States to bo unconstitu-
tional and void; and whereas they are at least of
doubtful validity, and in effect impose a tax on re-
dress v. hich ought aiways to be as frco as possible:
Therefore,
llcjlvrtl. That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider the propriety of lepealing
said provisions, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired, and the resolution will go over
until next Monday.
executive pkintinc!.
The SPEAKER, "by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Attorney General under date of February 21,
18(10, in response to a resolution of the House
of Representatives, staling that liis Depart-
ment had incurred no expense for paper ex-
cept for stationery, neither had it advertised,
or had am printing done outside of the Gov-
ernment Printing Office. The communication
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
representative from north carolina.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the credentials of Alex-
ander II. Jones, a Representative-elect from
the seventh congressional district of North Car-
olina: which were referred, under the rule, to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
resolutions of virginia.
The STEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
Governor Peirpouit., of A irginia, transmitting
resolutions of the Genera! Assembly of \ ir~
ginia, in relation to direct tax lev led in 18G1
by the Congress of the United States, and now
being collected in Virginia; which were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
VACANCY ON A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that a vacancy has occurred in the Committee
on Appropriations in consequence of the action
of the House on the Indiana contested-election
case, and that the Chair has appointed Mr.
Niblack to fill the vacancy.
Mr. NIBLACK. It will be out of my power
to discharge my duties on the Committee on
Appropriations, and also on the Committee of
Claims, of which I am a member. I therefore
ask to be excused from further service upon
the Committee of Claims.
Leave was accordingly granted.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Washburn,
of Indiana, to fill the vacancy upon the Com-
mittee of Claims, caused by excusing Mr. Nib-
lack from further service upon that committee.
POSTAGE ON SOLDIERS' MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING-. I desire to present a
petition signed by Lieutenant General Grant,
Major General Howard, and others. As it is a
short one I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the petition, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives in Congress assembled:
Your petitioners respectfully represent that section
twenty-lbui of the act to amend the laws pertaining
to the Post Office Department, approved .March 3,
18(33, provided that all matter wholly or partly in
writing, unless otherwise specially provided for, shall
be subject to letter postage; and they further repre-
sent. that certain ornamental records of the personal
services of Federal soldiers and officers are now ex-
tensively published, such records_ being composed
partly of printed and partly of written matter, and
known as the "Soldier's Individual Memorial," of
which the accompanying sheets arc specimens; that
under this act and section as aforesaid, the soldiers
and their friends are compelled to pay letter postage
on all such memorials sent through the mails, although
they contain no private communications, but simply
a record to perpetuate the memory of those who havo
periled, if not yielded, their lives for a common coun-
try. Therefore your petitioners pray that so much
of said act may be repealed or such a special act be
passed as to permit such memorials to pass through tho
mails upon the payment of usual postage on printed
matter.
"Washington, February 5,1865.
Mr. CONKLING. I hold in my hand a
specimen of what they send to our soldiers.
Members can see what it is.
I move that the petition which has been read
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, with leave to report upon it at
any time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no objection to
the reference; but I object, to giving the com-
mittee authority to report at any time.
Mr. CONKLING. My object is to get action
at once, to the end that these sheets, containing
the likenesses of deceased soldiers, may be
transmitted presently through the mails by pay-
ing the postage ^charged on printed matter, the
writing consisting merely of the name of the
soldier and the time of his death.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no objection to
the reference.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. FAHNS WORTH. I would ask when
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads will probably be called again.
The SPEAKER. That committee may not
be again called for two months, as it lias just
been" passed, and the other committees are
proceeding with their reports slowly.
The question was then taken on suspending
the rules, and two thirds voting in the affirma-
tive, they were suspended ; and the petition
was accordingly referred.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House referred the petition
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soldiers' and sailors' orphans' home.
Mr. SC1TENCK. I wish to ask the House
to consider a subject which appeals at once to
the gallantry and the humanity of the House.
The Committee on Military Affairs have had
before thern.a petition from Mrs. Grant, Mrs.
Sherman, and other ladies, directors of the Na-
tional Home for Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans,
of Washington city. Iam instructed by that
committee to report back that petition with-a
joint resolution, upon which I am directed to
ask the immediate action of this House.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of War to deliver to
the lady directors of the National Home for
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans, of Washington
city, for the use and aid of that society in ita
benevolent objects, suph blankets, bedding, and
other furniture and articles as may be proper
for their purpose, and as are now on hand in
tho stores of the Surgeon General's department
and no longerneeded on Government account;
the Secretary to determine, at his discretion,
the specific amount and character of stores thus
to be provided, and of which due account shall
be taken.
The joint resolution was read a first and- sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. S CHEN CK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HON. MR. CRESWJEIjL'S ORATION.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution: which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That thirty thousand copies of the address
of the Speaket, and the eulogy on H. W. Davis, de-
livered by Hon. J. A. J.Ceeswell.ou the 22d instant,
be printed for the use of members, and that tho same
be printed in tho Globe.
MANITOWOC HARBOR, WISCONSIN.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of Congress
making an appropriation for the improvement of
Manitowoc harbor, on Lako Michigan, State of Wis-
consin, and report by bill or otherwise.
E. W. EDDY.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill relative to the estate of E. W.
Eddy.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to authorize and require the accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow to the estate
of E. W. Eddy, late paymaster in the United
States Army, a credit of $200,000, the amount
of public funds in his hands as paymaster on
board the "steamer Brother Jonathan, lost by
the wreck of said steamer on the 30th day of
July, 1805. off the coast of California.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois. I object.
I do not desire that these private claims shall
be brought in iu this way.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object. I suppose
tho gentleman from New York knows the rea-
son.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Because tho gentle-
man refused to extend the same courtesy to me
the other day.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman's dis-
courtesy has no precedent in anything that I
have done.
RIGHTS 03? CITIZENS.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the selcct joint com-
mittee on reconstruction, reported back a joint
resolution (II. R. No._03) proposing an amend-
ment to tliG Constitution of the Xjnitod States.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rertrcfieuldiites
of the United States of America in ('onyrts? (mumbled,
(two fhirds of botli Houses containing J That the lol-
loping article be proposed to the LceiMiiture* of tho
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, "which, when ratified by throe
