1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
ently; I do not now remember; but I will call
his attention to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought you had it before
you.
Mr. CLARK. It is in another part of the
volume, page 18. This was built at the Morgan
Iron Works, New York. Now, I want Sen-
ators to bear in mind that there was ntvdelay
here on the part of the contractor for the hull.
He was obliged to keep his vessel unfinished
because the steam machinery was not erected
in her, and was put to delay on that account,
and they took two hundred and eighty-four days
to erect that machinery, and he claims of the
Government, and has been allowed by the
board, the sum of $16,441 81 on account of the
delay of these people in erecting that machinery
in his boat. That is the solo cause of it. Now,
let us turn over to page 18 of the report and
see what the Morgan IronWorks, who were to
build this machinery, did; here is the statement
of Mr. Quintard, who is the man that got up the
table appended to the committee's report:
"Appeared before the board, George AV. Quintard,
proprietor of the Morgan Iron Works, New York,
and contractor for the machinery of the double-
enders Chenango and Ascutney; also for the hull
and machinery of the iron-clad Onondaga. Under
oath states, that the contracts for the Chenango and
Ascntney were dated by theNavy Department August
15,1862, m which he was allowed seven months, or
until March 16. 1863, to complete the machinery of
said vessels and deliver them to the Government, but
the Chenango was not so completed and delivered
until February 1,1804."
The Chenango was not completed until Feb-
ruary 1, 1864, ten months after he agreed to
do it, and he had been keeping this hull all
the time unfinished and putting the man who
built it to expense because he failed in his
contract.
Mr. JOHNSON. What reasons did he
assign ?
Mr. CLARK. I will go on and read the
reasons he assigned:
" The principal causes of the delay in completing
the machinery of thescvessels were scarcity of labor,
difficulty ot obtaining materials, strikes, and having
to close his shop lor two months on account of mobs in
the summer of 1863."
Nothing in the world in which the Govern-
ment was concerned, things likelj7 to happen,
perhaps, to any contractor: and yet he delayed
that hull ten months, putting the Government
to the cost of SIC,000, aud now he wants the
Government to pay him for all that delay
just what the machinery cost.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much is allowed
him?
Mr. CLARK. For the Chenango there was
allowed him extra for putting in that machin-
ery, ten months after it should have been,
$25,826 33. It is said that the Chenango blew
up on her trial trip, but I am not talking to
that point. I am taking this work as if it had
been done well. I am speaking of the delay
which he caused and his equity to have pay
from the Government. Mr. Quintard says,
further :
" That he was relieved by an act of Congress from
the terms of his contract, so far as the time of com-
pletion was concerned, and that the Departmentwas
fully satisfied that it was hnishedassoon as possible;
that the excess of cost over and above the contract
price was on account of the continued rise in the
price of labor and material: that the total cost of the
machinery for both vessels, including charge of ten
per cent, for use of shop, tools, &c„ was $215,652 67;
that the contract price of both vessels paid by the
Government was $164,000, leaving a balance, the
excess of co«t to him, over and above the contract
price, of $51,652 Si."
That is 3^5,826 34 for each vessel; and this
man who has delayed you ten months and put
you to the expense of $16,000 on one vessel
has the impudence to charge you ten per cent,
on his whole stock and tools, and your com-
mission allow it.
Mr. JOHNSON. For the ten months?
Mr. CLARK. It simply says ten per cent.,
without reference to time; and now there is an
appeal to the equity and justice of Congress to
pay that demand!
These are the only two cases in this whole
report which I have examined, and I have no
doubt that if I were to follow it through I should
find others of a similar character. I took the
first and then took another at haphazard to see
how they would come, and I find that result.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see exactly how
he could charge for the use of his shop and
tools. That was included, I suppose, m the
contract price.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose he kept some
account of the labor and material he had put
into this vessel, and then charged ten per cent,
on the tools and shop as a part of the cost of
the vessel.
, Mr. JOHNSON. During the ten months
he delayed it?
Mr. CLARK. I suppose ten per cent, for
one year. I do not wish to be severe on these
contractors. I only make these observations
for the purpose of showing what injustice you
are likely to do here to the Government and
the people who pay the money; for while
these contractors are to be protected, the tax-
payer also is to be regarded. While you under-
take to do justice to those who deserve it, you
certainly cannot do it in this inconsiderate
way, which encourages those who have no just
claim to come here with the expectation that
Congress will pay any amount which they make
out.
Now, I ask the Senate to pause ; I do not
know what is best to be done. I do not think
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
reaches the ease entirely, if you cut it down to
twelve per cent. I doubt if some of these par-
ties ought to have anything, and perhaps some
ought to have fifty per cent. It is the indis-
criminate lumping of forty-two cases in one
bill that works the mischief. Give us one by
one if it takes time, and let ns consider each
or establish a board that will consider the cases
one by one, and give each man his duo, not
bring all up here in this omnibus which is to
carry everything to the end of the journey and
make you pay the fare.
Mr. President, I am opposed to this bill. I
have heard all that has been said about war
times; I have heard all that has-been said
about justice to mechanics ; but let us be just
to the country and to the constituency we rep-
resent, for you will bear in mind that the forty-
two gentlemen who claim here, though eminent
gentlemen they may be and deserving consid-
eration, are but a drop in the bucket of the
great people who are interested in this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Maryland give way ? I think we might as well
adjourn. We shall hardly get through with
this bill to-day. We are sitting very long.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would be veryagree-
able to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 17, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boxx'tox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
rev. richard fuller.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS asked leave to with-
draw from the files of the House the petition
and papers of Rev. Richard Fuller.
Leave was granted, and the papers were
accordingly withdrawn.
river and harbor improvements.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
excuse from service ox a committee.
Mr. SHANKLIN. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to submit a proposition to the House. I ask
to be discharged from further service on the
Committee for the District of Columbia. I
feel, under the circumstances, that I can no
longer hold th<it position with profit to the
country or honor to myself. Therefore I ask
to be discharged from further service on that
committee.
The gentleman was accordingly excused.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, asked and
obtained leave of absence for his colleague,
Mr. Hill.
SENATE BILL RETURNED.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication from" the Secretary
of the Senate:
In Senate of the United States,
April 10,1866.
Rexolved, That the Secretary be directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
a bill of the House (II. R. No. 458) granting a pension
ta Sarah E. Pickcll, which was postponed indefinitely
on the 13th instant.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
According to the usage of the House, the
bill was ordered to be returned to the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The House accordingly proceeded to the reg-
ular order of business, which was the calling
of the committees for reports, beginning with
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on the
following cases, and the same were laid on the
table:
The petition of Elizabeth J. Brooks, widow
of Thomas J. Brooks ; and
The petition of George W. Bonnin.
JOANNA W'INAJiS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting a
pension to Mrs. Joanna Winans, mother of
George W. Winans, acting assistant paymaster
of the United States Navy.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
grants a pension, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, during her widowhood.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the report.
The report was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire whether this case is not pro\ided for by
the general law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not provided for by
the general law, the absence not being on sick
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What are
the peculiar reasons for passing this special
bill? I am pretty liberal in regard to this mat-
ter of pensions, but I would like to know some-
thing of the principles by which the Committee
on Invalid Pensions are governed.
Now, I sent a case to the committee where a
widow made an application for a pension on
the ground that her son had been killed in tbe
service. But a very short time before he was
killed he had been married ; if he ht,d not been
married, then his mother was in that position
that she would have been entitled to the pen-
sion. His widow afterwards married and
thereby forfeited her pension. Now, the mother
comes in with her petition and asks that she
maybe entitled to the pension which she would
have been entitled to had not her son been
married.
I understand that the committee declined to
report a bill of that kind, which was certainly
one of the strongest cases I have seen pre-
sented to the House. I talked to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions about the case, and while
he thought it came within the spirit of the law,
it was not within the letter of the law, but he
thought it one of the most appropriate cases
upon which Congress could legislate.
Now, I desire to know the principle by which
the committee are governed, whether it is fish
for one and flesh for another.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That has nothing to do
with the case under consideration. The report
