3914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
place in the Senate. He reached St. Louis on
the 19th of June, only to find himself pros-
trated with increasing illness. Skillful physi-
cians were at onee called to his relief. They
found him suffering severely, both in body and
mind. He refused to see company, seemed to
be impressed with the idea that his mind was
failing him, and expressed the wish to go to
an insane asylum. Kestless and dispirited,
and against the advice of his attending physi-
cian, who accompanied him, he started on the
27th of June for his home, his family having
already been apprised of his alarming condi-
tion. During the progress of the journey his
conversation frequently indicated insanity. On
his arrival at Kansas City he took the boat for
Leavenworth, instead of going to his home at
Lawrence. Proceeding to the house of a rela-
tive in the suburbs of the city, he remained in
a condition of mental aberration till the oc-
currence of the fatal act on the evening of July
1, which terminated his existence.
James H. Lane was bom at Lawrenceburg,
Indiana, on the 22dof June, 1814. His father,
Amos Lane, was a lawyer of distinction; was
at one time Speaker of the Indiana House of
Representatives, and was a member of this
House under the Administrations of Andrew
Jackson and Martin Van Buren. The mother
of Senator Lane was a native of New England,
and was possessed of a poetic mind and of
fine attainments. I have often heard him
speak of her, even in the wild excitements
of political conflicts in Kansas, and always in
terms of the highest filial reverence and affec-
tion. At the age of twenty-six young Lane
was admitted to the bar. Long before that he
had taken an active part in party polities on
the Democratic side.
At the time of his admission to the bar he
was postmaster at Lawrenceburg, Mr. Van
Buren being then President of the United
States. In the contest between that statesman
and General Harrison, Lane took the stump
for the former, and established his reputation
as one of the most effective and popular speak-
ers in the West. He was an ardent advocate
of the election of Mr. Polk, and when the
Mexican war came on, in 1846, it found him
ready to enter the field and fight in the service
of his country. At this time he was thirty-
two years of nge. Ho was elected colonel of
the third Indiana regiment of volunteers by
the general vote of the men. His regiment
formed a part of General Taylor's army of
invasion, and participated in the hard-fought
battle of Buena Vista, for which both the regi-
ment, and its gallant commander received the
highest encomiums of superior officers. After
two years of service, with depleted ranks, Col-
onel Lane returned with his regiment to In-
diana. He at onee organized the fifth regi-
ment, with which he returned to the field and
marched with the army of General Scott to the
city of Mexico. In after years he spoke with
great pride of the bravery of the Indiana vol-
unteers ; and during the late contest ho always
took great delight in their brilliant achieve-
ments. He had a pride of commandership
which always belongs to the true soldier. I
never knew a man who fought under him in
Mexico ask of him a favor but what he granted
i-t if in his power.
In 1848 he was elected Lieutenant Governor
of Indiana. In 1852 he was elected a member
of this House in the Thirty-Third Congress.
At the same time he was also elected a presi-
dential elector at large on the Democratic
ticket. Coming to Congress in 1852, he was
necessarily aetive in the Kansas-Nebraska
struggle. Following the lead of Stephen A.
Douglas, he accepted the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, and voted for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. But though he acted with his
party, by which means he wrecked his political
fortunes in Indiana, he nevertheless said, on
the floor of this House, on the 13th of March,
1854, '*1 am no advocate of slavery; I am no
slavery propagandist."
From his seat in the House of Ilepresenta-
tives, and following the suggestions of Mr.
Douglas and other party leaders, Colonel Lane
went to the newly organized Territory of Kan-
sas. Ho went as the advocate of the doctrine
of squatter sovereignty and for the purpose of
organizing a national Democratic party on this
basis in the new Territory. He was disap-
pointed in all his efforts in this direction, and
with a keen perception of the nature of the
struggle he abandoned the leadership of De-
mocracy when it pointed to a forcible establish-
ment of slavery in Kansas. From the hour he
first arrived on the soil of Kansas, in April, 1855,
he commenced a life of wonderful activity. He
sought at once for leadership, and obtained it,
even among those who seemed to be his oppo-
sites. The commanding position he early ob-
tained in the ranks of the Free-State party is
in itself one of the best proofs of his great
power as a popular leader. The ability of
Senator Lane was in no part of his diversified
career so marked as in the ease with which ho
won and in the firmness with which he main-
tained his position as a leader among a people
so active, enthusiastic, and intelligent, as gath-
ered together in Kansas, impelled by a con-
scientious conviction that they were fighting a
battle which could only end in the triumph of
universal freedom.
At the organization of the Free-State party
the late Senator was chosen chairman of the
executive committee. In the canvass which
followed he bore the most prominent part,
speaking daily, sleeping often in the open air,
and resorting to every possible expedient to
avoid the ruffians who followed his footsteps
and sought his life. The Free-State move-
ment soon took form in what was known as
the Topeka constitution. State officers and a
Legislature were chosen, and James H. Lane
and Andrew II. Keeder were elected United
States Senators. In the exciting events which
followed Senator Lane acted as military com-
mander of the Free-State forces, and joined
with that grand old crusader of Freedom, John
Brown, in counseling active resistance to the
murderous propagandists of the slave power.
But the crisis passed by the retreat of the ruf-
fians to Missouri. -
Sanator Lane came to Washington with the
Topeka constitution. Our country was passing
through a historic period. The nation was pro-
foundly stirred by political agitation. While here
the startling news came of the wanton sack of
Lawrence by an armed mob aided and encour-
aged by United States officials. Senator Lane
hastened from this city. Events moved rapidly
forward in Kansas. The troops were used to
disperse the State or Topeka Legislature. The
Free-State leaders had all been arrested or had
fled the Territory. The printing offices were
destroyed and the newspapers were silenced.
The Missouri river was blockaded and all the
direct avenues of immigration were held by the
armed minions of the slave power. In this hour
of gloom Senator Lane was marching across
Iowa at the head of several hundred armed
emigrants, and when all seemed lost to free-
dom, he entered Kansas from the northern
border and once more confronted the enemies
of free institutions on their chosen battle-
ground. The events of this period are full
of transcendent interest, in all of which Sen-
ator Lane acted a prominent part. When suc-
cess was assured he left the Territory to avoid
a collision, and unwilling to embarrass Gov-
ernor Geary in his movements to deal justly
with all parties.
Senator Lane returned to Kansas in March,
1857. In the canvass then progressing, he eon-
fronted Governor Walker, speaking from the
same stand, and everywhere upholding and
defending the integrity and policy of the Free-
State party. During the Lecompton struggle,
preliminary and otherwise, he was foremost in
counseling, speaking, organizing. It was in
the summer of 1857, at a convention at Topeka,
that he used an expression which aptly ex-
presses both the power he had and the reason
for it. He had been denouncing the Demo-
cratic party for its subserviency to slavery,
when, rising to his full height, he declared
with fiery manner and thrilling tones, "that
as for himself his efforts would never cease
till this party was shattered; and until from
the Yellowstone in the North to the Gulf in
the South, one line of free States should be
reared, an impenetrable barrier against which
the cursed waves of slavery should dash them-
selves in vain. Until that time comes," he
said, in tones that swayed his audience like a
rushing wind, "I am a crusader for Free-
dom!"
In 1857 he served as president of the Leaven-
worth constitutional convention, and in March,
1861, was chosen United States Senator under
the accepted constitution. His thorough de-
votion to his country and to his State in the
Senate and in the field during the late struggle,
is well known to all, and I will not repeat the
history here.
There was one political act of his life which
I believe Senator Lane sincerely regretted—I
mean his final vote against the civil rights bill.
One who knew him well, and who was with him
at the time, thus writes:
"We know that he saw and felt keenly the mistake
he had made. Nor was this consciousness the result
of the general disapproval of his action on the part
of his constituents. On the very day the vote^was
given, handing the writer a telegram from the editors
of the Chicago Tribune, which advised him to vote
for the bill, and warning him that he would make the
mistake of his life should he vote against it, he ex-
claimed, 'Ah! the mistake has been made; X would
give all I possess if it were undone.'"
Mr. Speaker, I have thus spoken of the main
incidents in the life of the dead Senator. His
restless and fiery spirit has passed beyond the
bounds of time. Let it be mine to draw the
mantle of charity over all his faults, and let the
voice of public criticism be hushed in the solemn
silence of the tomb. Mr. Lane was made a
Senator of the United States from the new State
of Kansas, because from the hour he first es-
poused the Free-State cause, he served it with
unquestioned fidelity, with ceaseless energy,
and with that unfailing hope and confidence
which belonged to an ardent nature. From the
inception of the contest till the final victory was
won, in sunshine and in storm, hunted by the
pro-slavery assassins from Missouri, and by the
attempted assassinators of Freedom in the em-
ploy of a corrupt Administration, Mr. Lane
labored right on to the end with unshaken con-
fidence.
It is for this part of his career, as the leader
of an oppressed but earnest people, struggling
against the injustice of power, that he deserves
to be and will be remembered with earnest
gratitude. All over the broad prairies of the
young Commonwealth I have the honor to rep-
resent, watered with the blood of the martyrs
of freedom, there are those who struggled and
suffered and hoped and sacrificed with him, in
stern resistance to the monstrous attempt to
fasten the crime of slavery upon her virgin soil.
Each and all of those feel sad to-day, in re-
membrance of him who shared in all their
sufferings, ■and who pledged with them all of
life and health and fortune that Kansas might
be free.
The time has not yet come for the impartial
historian to write the history of that great strug-
gle for freedom which, commencing on the
western bank of the Missouri, and seeming to
involve at first but the liberty of a State, only
ended in that mighty conflict of arms from
which we have but just emerged. Amid the
historic splendor of great achievements, and
the bloody fury of embattled conflicts, let us
remember the sublime heroism, the dauntless
energy, and the unwavering faith of the Free-
State settlers of Kansas, who crossed the prai-
ries, as of old
"The pilgrims crossed the sea.
To make the West, as they the East,
The homestead of the free.''
Sir, I have spoken too long already. But I
would not fail to do that full justice due from
the living to the dead. On Saturday, the 13th
