1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
Mr. ROGERS. I do not ask for leave to
print. I have never written a speech.
Mr. KELLEY. Then this House will be
punished by its own action. [Laughter.}
Mr. BANKS. I move to take up the joint
resolution in reference to the Paris Industrial
Exposition, and I ask that a fjommunication
from the Secretary of State be read showing
the necessity of early action, if any favorable
action is to be had.
Mr. BINGHAM. In order that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts may bring his matter
up, I move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the pending resolution till four o'clock
this afternoon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
any postponement for the purpose of taking up
the matter proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The postponement can be
had by a majority vote.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What will be the
effect upon this amendment if the subject pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] should not be concluded by four
o'clock?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it comes up.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, I presume it will
lose its place.
The SPEAKER. A postponement can be
made by a majority vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it loses its place I do
not want it to be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say
whether that would have precedence at the
adjournment. It might lose its place.
Mr. BANKS. Is there any objection to the
proposition I made?
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I object to
it most decidedly, and I will state why. Last
Monday the gentleman got in a measure under
a suspension which I understand will cost the
Government $500,000. It is a measure for
the benefit of the Russian-American Telegraph
Company, whose stock is now selling at two hun-
dred per cent, premium.
Mr. BANKS. Themeasurelintrodueedlast
Monday passed by an almost unanimous vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know it
did.
Mr. BANKS. And I am confident that no
such expenditure will be incurred in fact that
no expenditure will be required by this Govern-
ment. But even if it should cost us 8500,000,
I maintain that it will be money well spent, for
it will open a communication with six hundred
million people of the Old World. But I say it
will not cost So00,000, nor any other sum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
the estimate of the Navy Department before
the bill was reported, and if the House is will-
ing to 
Mr B YNKS. I say to the gentleman 
Mr. BUANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker. Is this
debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr B IN KS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. How does
the gentleman from Massachusetts get the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Himt] yielded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
business goes over.
The SPEAKER. Itdoesnot; itis the pend-
ing business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see how it is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was explaining why he voted for a
proposition not now before the House, the same
as the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I sup-
ifornia yields the floor. The pending question
is still the constitutional amendment unless it
is postponed.
Mr. BANKS. I move, then, that it be post-
poned till to-morrow immediately after the
reading of the Journal.
The question being taken on the motion to
postpone, no quorum voted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and navs.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Banks,
and Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-four.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
postpone, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 62, nays 43, not voting 78; as follows:
po^e
M
BANKS. I objeet to any debate until the
House suspends the rules. 1 askthat a com-
munication from the Secretary of State be
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It cannot
be clone unless the rules are suspended.
Mr BANKS, [ask that they be suspended.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Banks, Bid-well, Blow, Brooks, Buckland, Cobb,
Coffroth, Conkling,Cullom, Darling, Davis, Denison,
Eldridge, Farquhar, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Grider, Hale, Henderson, Higby, Ilogan, Hooper,
IIotcMdss, Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Hub bell,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kerr, Kuykendall, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McClurg,
McRuer, Mercur,Moorhead, Myers, Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps,.Samucl J. Randall,
William II. Randall, Alexander tt. Rice, Rogers, bte-
vens, Strouse, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Robert i.
Van Horn, Wentworth,Windom,"VVinfield, and Wood-
Messrs. Allison, Baker, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bingham, Brandegee, BromwelL.Broom-
all, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Demmg, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eckley, Eliot, Ferry, Aaron Harding, Abncr C. Har-
ding, Hayes, Julian, Loan, Longyear, McKee, Mor-
ris, Paine, Perhaxn, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Kitter,
Sawyer, Shanklin. Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam,Burt Van Horn, Ehhu B.
Washburne,'Henry D.Washburn, and Stephen iJ.
Wilson—43
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Bergen, Blaine, Boulwelt
Boyor, Bundy, Chanlor, Reader \V. Clarke, Culver,
Dawes, Dawson, Defrees. TJelano, Dixon, DriggJ,
E<*glcston, Farnsworth, Garfield, Grmnell. Griswold,
Harris, Hart, Hill, Holmes, AsahelW. IIubbarf. Do-
mas-Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. HUbbell,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Jenekes,
Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Iveteham, Lam,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, Le Bond, Lynch Me-
Cullougfi.McIndoe. Miller, Morrill, Moulton, Noell,
Patterson, Plants, Radford, Raymond, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Ross, Kousseau, Schcnck, Scofleld, feit-
greaves, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Taber, Taylor, Thayer,
John L.Thomas, Thornton, Tjpson.^V ard, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Welker. Whaley, Williams,
James F. Wilson, and Wright 78.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
french exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union from the further con-
sideration of joint resolution of the House No.
52, to provide for the expenses attending the
exhibition of the products of the industry of
the United States at the exposition at Pans
in 1867. . t ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and navs on that motion. It is throw-
ing away $2,000,000.
Mr. WENTWOIiTH. Is it in order to have
the joint resolution read before we vote?
The SPEAKER. Under the uniform rule
of the House, it is not in order to demand
the reading of a hill or joint resolution on a
motion to suspend the rules. It can be read if
there is no objection. _ _
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read. . .
Mr. BANKS. I ask to have a communication
from the Secretary of State read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think we
had better take the vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Banks s mo-
tion; and there wore—yeas 70, nays 47, not
voting 06; as follows:
YC \S—"Messrs. Anderson, Banks. Baxter, Beaman,
Bidwell, Blow, Dockland. Chanler RcaderW Clarke
Cullom, Darling, Davis,Delano Lldudge,Eliot 1 ar
ouhar Ferry, tfoodyear, Grmnoll,-Hale,liarr, liases,
lh"l>y Ilocan Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin In.
Hubbell, James R. Hnbbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Ju-
lian Kelley, Kerr, Kcicham. Kuykendall, George
V. Lawrence, Longryoar. Marshall. Marion, J'
TU<'Ciur<* McIUier, Moorhead, Myers, Ae^ell, JSib-
lae'k, Nicholson, O Weill, Orth,
William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rue, John ii.
"Riof Roarers Sawyer, Shellabarger, femith, btevens,
St^lK^^^lor, fraiiois Thomas, Van Aernam, Bart
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wentworfch, Windom, Winficld, ana Woou-
bridge—70. ,, , ,,
N AYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bingham, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomall, Cobb, Coffroth, Cook, Defrees,
Deming, Denison, Donnelly, Dumont, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Grider, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Henderson, DemasHubbard, William Lawrence,
Loan,McKee,Mercur,Morris,Paine<Perhoon, Price,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rollins, Boss, Shanklin, •
Spalding, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Eliliu B.
Washburne, Henry I>. Wasliburn, Williams, Jamea
F. Wilson, and Stephen EVWilson—47.
N OT V OTIN G—-Messrs. Alley, Ames, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Barker, Bergen, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke.Conkling, Culver, Dawes, Daw-
son, Dixon, Driggs. Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Griswold, Harris, Hill, Holmes, Hotehkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James Hum-
phrey, James M. Humphrey, Jenekes, Johnson.
Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Laflin, Latham, Le' Blond,
Lynch, MeCullough, Melndoe, Miller, Morrill, Moul-
ton.Noell, Pike, Plants,Pomeroy,Radford, Raymond,
Rousseau, Sehenck, Scofield, Sitgreavcs, Sloan, fetarr,
Stilwell, Taber, Thayer, John L. Thomas Upson,
Ward, Warner, Welker, Whaley, and Wright—1>6.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask leave of absence for an
indefinite time for my colleague, Mr. McIndoe,
who has been called home.
No objection was m&de, and the leave of
absence was granted.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced concurrent resolutions in refer-
ence to reconstruction; which were referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to know whether
the joint resolution reported from the joint
committee on reconstruction is the unfinished
business before the House.
The SPEAKER. It has been postponed
until to-morrow immediately after the reading
of the Journal.
Mr. BINGHAM. That makes it the first
business in order? .
The SPEAKER. Unless some questional
privilege should intervene. The other special
orders are after the morning hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was post-
P°Mrd' WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
moved that the House adjourn. I have not
waived the motion at all. The gentleman can
enter his motion to reconsider if he pleases.
The SPEAKER. It makes no difference.
The joint resolution will come up immediately
after the reading of the Journal, unless some
contested-election case or other question of priv-
ilege should come up.
Mr BINGHAM. I wish to know whether
we could not make-it the first thing in order to
the exclusion of everything?
The SPEAKER. Questions of privilege
must take precedence. _ .
' Mr. BINGHAM. Can a majority postpone
the special order to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The majority can post-
none the special order at any time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] yield to_me to
offer a bill merely, for reference?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield,
but only for this time.
SUPKIME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to fix the number of
the judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and to change certain judicial circuits,
which was read a first and second time referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
t0Mr.PWASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
renew my motion to adjourn. •
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes fifty-three, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.)
the 'House adjourned.
