1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
of the committee now before the House stands
by itself. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. The bill was Ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANN IIETH.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
Senate No. 201, for the relief of Ann Heth,
widow of William Heth, of Harrison county,
Indiana.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Ann Heth, widow of Wil-
liam Heth, of Harrison county, Indiana, who
was killed by the rebel Morgan's men while
resisting their advance upon Corydon, Indiana,
upon the pension-roll at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence on the 9th of
July, 1863, to continue during her widowhood.
The report having been read, the bill was
ordered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
. Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. martha j. willey.
Mr. STILWELL, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Martha J. Willey; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time_.
The bill provides a pension of eight dollars
a month, to Mrs. Martha J. Willey, widow of
George W. Willey, late a corporal in company
F, seventh regiment of New Hampshire vol-
unteers, the pension to commence on the 18th
of April. 180o, to continue during her widow-
hood, and in the event of her marriage or death,
to go to the minor children of George W. Wil-
ley, subject to the limitations and restrictions of
the pension laws.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the report be read.
The report was read. It states that George
W. Willey enlisted at Dover, New Hampshire,
about the 29th of December, 1801, rcenlisted at
Fernandiua, Florida, in 1804, atwhich time he
received a furlough for thirty days, before the
expiration of which he died of congestion of the
lungs at Dover, New Hampshire, on April 18,
1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and_ passed.
Mr. STILWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. mary a. patrick.
Mr. STILWELL, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Mrs. Mary A. Patrick; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill grants a pension of twenty dollars
per month to Mrs. Mary A. Patrick, widow of
Mathew A. Patrick, who was a captain of the
first artillery of the United States Army, the
pension to commence on the 1st of January,
1860, and to be continued during her widow-
hood.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the report shall bo read.
The report was read. Tt states that Mathew
A. Patrick entered the Army in 1814, as ensign,
and died on the 6th of March, 1834, having
been promoted to be a captain of the first
artillery.; his death being caused by_ disease
contracted in the service while on special duty.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. If the
report of the committee sets forth tire facts of
the case, I would like to know why this lady
is not entitled to a pension under the general
pension law. It is'said that this Patrick died
of disease contracted in the service while in
the line of his duty. If that is so, why is it
that there is any necessity for a special law in
this case ?
Mr. STILWELL. This old lady is now
seventy-four years of age. She never made
an application for a pension until this time,
and now only asks that the pension to which
she is entitled shall date back to January 1,
1860. The surgeon who attended her husband
at the time of his death has since died; thus
producing a break in the chain of evidence
required by the general pension law. ^ But the
certificate of the Adjutant General is on file
with the papers in this case establishing the
facts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We are
asked to do something which Congress has
rarely if ever done before; grafting a pension
to date'baek before the passage of the bill.
We are asked to grant a pension to this lady to
date back six: years. I do not know that it is
of any use whatever to oppose any of these
pension cases, no matter what principle may
be involved. But I think this is going further
than we have ever gone before under any state
of circumstances.
Mr. STILWELL. This lady is strictly
entitled to a pension from the Gth of March,
1834, when her husband died of disease con-
tracted while in the service. But she does not
claim that; only asks for a pension from Jan-
uary, 1860.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ If she
was entitled to a pension, she has waived her
right to it heretofore. And uow she comes
here, having waived her right, if it ever existed,
and asks us to pass a bill to give her a pension
dating back for six years.
Mr. STILWELL. She comes here now
because she is poor and in indigent circum-
stances.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
doubt this old lady may be a very meritorious
subjeetfor charity. But I contend that wehave
no right to legislate for charitable purposes.
If we do the money in our Treasury might go
out a little faster than it now does, and it might
possibly give out. I do not see any principle
upon which this bill can be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This case, Mr. Speaker,
is somewhat new to me. I was not aware that
the committee had agreed to report a bill going
back the length of time that this does, or even
going back at all. I have been present at all
tne meetings of the committee that have taken
place when I have been in the city, though there
have been some meetings held when I was
absent from the city. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Stilwell] to consent to the
postponement of the bill till the next call of the
committee, one week hence. I would like to
examine the matter further. 1 think the bill
should be amended.
Mr. STILWELL. A majority of the com-
mittee have recommended the reporting of the
bill. I have onlyearriedoutthcirinstructions.
Mr. PEj.UIAM. I feel that I ought to say
that I have no recollection of any action of the
committee agreeing that this bill should go back
as far as is proposed. As to the merit of the
case, I recollect it; and the committee, I be-
lieve, were unanimously in favor of a pension:
but I am not aware that there was any authority
to extend the pension back so far. _
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it be in order, I will
move to strike out the clause which provides
that the pension shall take effect six years back.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Stit.well] is entitled to the floor.
My. STILWELL. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. washbtt.n.] .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the chairman of the committee [Mr. Pek-
ham] whether he is not satisfied that a pension
ought to be granted in this ease.
Mr. PERHAM. That was our conclusion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If this lady
is entitled to a pension at all, she is entitled to
one for thirty-two years back instead of six
years. But, as I understand, she asks it for
only six years back ; and therefore the commit-
tee have reported the bill in that form. If justice
were done, she should receive a pension from
March 6, 1834. The bill provides for giving
her a pension for six years back, as she does
not ask more.
Mr. PERHAM. In answer to the gentle-
man from Indiana, I ought to say that our
committee have had before them a large num-
ber of petitions for the enactment of a general
law to give pensions to all who served in the
war of 1812. The committee have declined to
report favorably on that subject; but we have
taken up and reported favorably many indi-
vidual eases which appealed most strongly to
our sympathies, and which we thought would
meet the approbation of this House and of the
other branch of Congress. They were cases
which did not come under the provisions of
any general law. They were isolated cases,
the circumstances of which, as the committee
thought, justified the granting of pensions. In
this case, if we grant this lady a pension from
the time of the passage of the act until her
death, we shall, I think, be treating her as well
as she could expect.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I
understand, the idea of the committee was to
report a bill, corresponding with other pension
bills, the pension to take effect from the pas-
sage of the act.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope that this bill will not
be recommitted. The committee have had the
case under consideration, and know as much
about the circumstances as they would if they
should attempt a reexamination of the case.
There seems to be some misunderstanding as
to the date when this pension should com-
mence. The bill proposes that it shall com-
mence in 1860. There has been a rule estab-
lished in the committee that all pensions of
this kind shall commence from the passage of
the act.
This case docs not come within the general
pension law, bccause of the absence of the
record evidence of the death of this officer—
the certificate of the surgeon. If that could be
procured, the pension of this lady would date
back from 1834. There is, however, satisfac-
tory evidence in the case that the husband did
die from disease contracted in the service ■, and
in order that this case may be disposed of now,
I move to amend the bill by striking out the
words, "to take effect from and after the pas-
sage of the act.''
Mr. STILWELL. I will consent to the
amendment; and I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended^ was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. STILWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agnes w. laugiilin.
Mr. PERHAM reported back, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, a bill (S. No.
241) entitled "An act directing the enrollment
of Agnes W. Laughlin, the widow of a deceased
soldier, as a pensioner."
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be iaia on tne
table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
