1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2955
another, according to the service he performs,
a sort of ad valorem system.
We come now to lieutenant colonels. You
will notice that I have mentioned lieutenant
general, major generals, brigadier generals, and
colonels, and the first, officer we find whose
pay is reduced, with the exception of the Lieu-
tenant General—and everj'body will consent to
make that what anybody wants it made—is the
lieutenant colonel. The diminution is very
small. It is so small that it is hardly worth
talking about. I know that the lieutenant col-
onels of the country would not regard it as a
1 matter of any magnitude.
A lieutenant colonel of cavalry, under the
law as it now stands, gets $2,940. Under this
bill he gets $2,800 in one contingency, and
$2,600 in another. A major, as the law now
stands, gets $2,580; under this bill he gets
$2,500. A captain, under the present law, gets
$2,010; under this bill he gets $2,000. A
first lieutenant gets $1,809, as the la-.v now
stands; and he gets $1,800 under Ihis bill. A
second lieutenant gets $1,770, as the law now
stands ; and under this bill be gets SI,GOO the
next day after he comes out of the West Point
Academy, having been educated by the Govern-
ment scot free. After having had a free ticket
through his education; the first day he enters
the service he gets the salary of $1,600 a year,
and we see and hear gentlemen holding up
their hands in holy horror and declaring that
the poor boy will starve to death. I say that
if he does, let him starve. The sooner the breed
of such become extinct the better.
Why, sir, many of our circuit and of our
supreme judges, who have devoted a life-time
to the acquisition of the knowledge necessary
to qualify them for those exalted positions, do
not get more than is given to these young,
beardless boys, who have been educated at the
expense of the Government; that is, $1,600 a
year. And yet if one of those second lieuten-
ants should come here to Washington city,
rent a'palaee, and put in it his wife and chil-
dren, as the gentlemen have talked about—and
he is likely to have about nineteen children,
I fancy, judging from his tender years—[laugh-
ter,] it will take the whole of his $1,000 to pay
for his house rent, and there will be nothing
left for the support of himself and his family.
Now, as we say out West, that kind of an ar-
gument will not bear a bead ; it will not bear
the touch-stone of truth; it has neither rhyme
nor reason nor justice in it. And I trust the
members of this House will not be led astray
merely by fine talk when figures and facts,
which are stubborn things,'nail those argu-
ments as spurious coin to the counter and fix
upon them their proper weight and value.
I would be in favor of this bill if it did not
make a single farthing's variation between the
compensation these officers now receive and
that which they would receive under this bill.
I favor it because it is a fair, open-handed
measure. What it does it does above-board.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Soiiexck] said
that under the law as it now stood it was very
difficult for the people, the uninitiated and
uninformed in the affairs of the Army, to as-
certain what was the compensation of an offi-
cer of the Army. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] replies, in substance,
as I understood him, "Well, what of that?
What if the people do not know? They do
not have to pay any more on that account."
Now, this happens to be a Government of
the people ; the people here are the sovereigns,
and if any man who may happen to get a little
brief authority should set himself up above the
people they will soon let him know who is
master. The people of this country have to
foot the bills, and any officer, whether lie be a
constable or President of the United States, is
nothing under heaven but a servant whose duty
it is to perform the behest of his master, the
people, for which he will receive his compen-
sation at their hands. I hope the gentleman
will pardon me when I suggest that it is hardly
right for a representative of the people to stand
up and say that they have no right to be in-
formed on these subjects. [ say, in all sin-
cerity, they have that right; and that he who
stands between them and that right will repent
before he gets through that kind of business.
No man in the country can stand up against
the torrent of indignation that would pour
down upon him should he dare go before the
people and make a declaration that it did not
concern them what the compensations of their
public servants were.
The force of the argument of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schbkok] was felt by members
here, and that is the reason they have tried to
bring it down into ridicule. They knew that
it was the truth; they knew it could not be
denied that a military officer now receives his
compensation, not by any determinate salary,
but by such various allowances and commuta-
tions and circumlocutions that it would require
all the ingenuity of a Philadelphia lawyer to
determine what compensation he actually did
receive. That is the true secret of all this fight
over this bill. The compensation of an officer
of the Army consists of various items; it should
consist of but one single item, as a general
rule, with such exceptions only as the absolute
necessities of the case may demand.
Now, I do not want to bring this subject into
ridicule. But I am almost tempted to read a
pay-roll; the kind of paper a military officer
has to make out before the paymaster will pay
him the money that is due. I am almost
tempted to do it, in oi-der to show the kind of
humbug stuff which has come down to us from
an age of barbarism, the hoary-headed error
that does not belong to this enlightened age.
Here is the pay-roll of a colonel made out for a
month:
THE UNITED STATES-,
No.
To JAMES SMITH, Colonel Third llegiment Cavalryt Missouri Volunteers.
On what account.
Pay.
3?o" myself 
For 2 private servants, not soldiers,
Clothing.
For 2 private servants, not soldiers,
Subsistence.
For myself for — year service.....
For 2 private servants, not soldiery
Commencement and expiration.
From-
tlie 31st of May, 1866,
the 31st of May, 1866,
the 31st of May, 1866,
the 31st of May, 1866,
the 31st of May, 1866,
To-
the 1st of July, 1806,
the 1st of July, 1866,
the 1st of July, 1866,
Term of service
charged.
Month?. Days.
Pay per month.
Dollars
118
32
13
Cents.
Amount.
Dollars. Cents.
00
00
00
the 1st of July, 1866, i 30
the 1st of July, 1866, \ 30
180
69
210
Post or pi ace
where due.
Price
of
ra-
tions.
Cts,
^Little Hock,
Arkansas.
50
110
32
13
120
275
00
00
00
00
00
Remarks.
I hereby certify, on hon-
or, that I am on 
by authority of Special
Order No.—, dated Head-
quarters  
I hereby certify that I
have seen the above-men-
tioned Order and noted
this payment thereon.
J?aymastcr.
I hereby ce&tify, That the foregoing account is accurate and just; that I have not been absent, with oe without leave, during any part of the time
charged for beyond the limits prescribed by existing laws; that Ihave not received pay. nor drawn jations, forage, or ^Ihrn^in or money m^.eu
of any part thereof, for
the wholo of the time ■
annexed is an accurate c
did duty in the department;
which I claim or have received extra compensation duiing tu«s tunc an auumyiuu iauVu ™ ,in,i +
sioned officer for the number of years stated in the charge for extra rations; that I am not m arrears with the United States on^any^ount what.oe\cr, and that
all dues to the United States for hospital indebtedness have been paid by me, and. that the last payment 1 received was from 1 ajmaster Major Jones and to the
1st day of June, 18H6. I at the same time acknowledge that I hare received ot Major James Smyth, Paymaster United State* Axmy, tin* lot day oi July, 1S66,
the sum of two hundred and seventy-five dollars and — cents, being the amount and in full of said account.
(signed in duplicate.)
