1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions. &e., were presented under
the rules and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. UJSAMAN: The memorial of the Board of
Trade of the city ot Detroit, praying that increased
duties may be imposed on copper, copper ores, and
manufactures of copper.
Also, the petition of William Cornfield, and 509
others, cliscbargcd soldiers of the United Statss, resi-
dents in or near Detroit, Michigan, praying for such
ehange in the existing laws as shall make the bounty
uniform to all who have served faithfully and have
been honorably discharged.
By Mr. BIDWELL: The petition of John Fowler,
of Lake county, California, asking for a pension, in
consideration of former services and age—95 years.
Also, the petition of L. C. Smith, Gt. w. Tompkins,
John A. Whaley, and 357 others, citizops of Humboldt
county, California, asking for tho enactment of a law
applicable to oil lands.
Jiy Mr. BRADFORD: Tho petition of citizens of
the United States, residents in Utah, asking for the
creation of aland district in that Territory, and es-
tablishment of a land office.
Also, the petition of Joseph Sinister,and 24 others,
citizens of Colorado Ten itory, in relation to tho min-
eral land of the United States.
By Mr. BUNDY: Tho petition of James N. Rus-
jseli, and others, soldiers of Gallia county, Ohio, who
enlisted ift 18G1 and 1862, that bounties may be fairly
equalized.
Also, tho memorial of Ingham & Brother, J. R,
Wheitcmoro, .Samuel C. Rvrift, and E.B. Pierce, pro-
testing against tho passage of an act to authorize tho
Postmaster General to sell stamps and envelopes at
the value of the stamps.
Also, the petition of John Ellison & Co., and othors,
proprietors of rollins-uylls, founderies. &c., praying
for an increase in tho tariff to protect their interests
in tho manufacture of iron.
Also, the petition of John Ilayos, and 40 others, citi-
zens of Ironton, Lawrence count)', Ohio, manufac-
turers of iron, asking protection against the effects
of competition with foreign capital and tho pauper
labor of Europo.
Also, tho petition of George II. Fisher, Arthur T.
Downing, and U others, proprietors and laborers
engaged in the manufacture of iron at Ironton, Luw-
rcnce eounly, Ohio, piaying for protection against
the antagonism of tho paupor labor of Europe.
Also, the petition of GcorproN. Gray, and 71 others,
Proprietors and laborers of and at liecla Furnace,
lawrenee county, Ohio, for protection against tho
©fleets of competition of pauper labcy of Europe.
Also, the petition of Ilugh Walbnght, and 53 oth-
ers, o! Buekhorn Furnaoo, Lawrence county, Ohio,
praying for an increase uf tho tariff, to protect their
interest in the manufacture of iron.
By Mr. DARLING: Thopetition ofprintors, book-
binder, and publisher of Now lrork city, praying
that the tax on finished books may bo abolished, and
aduty of twenty-live cents per pound bo laid on im-
ported books in addition to the ad valorem duty now
existing.
Also, tho petition of soldiers enlisted in tho twen-
tieth iPKimont iN'ow York volunteers, to bohonorably
disohaiK'id, Ac.
By Mr. DKMJNG: Tho petition of printors, book-
binders, and publishers of Hartford, Connecticut,
pra> ing that the tax on finished books may bo abol-
ished, and aftpceitio duty of twenty-fivo ocats per
pound be laid on imported books in addition to the
«(/ valorem duty now otisting.
By Mr. UUMONT: Thopoution ofM. S. llosebury,
Arthur Wohh, G, W. Jenkins, and UK) others,citizens
ol' Shelby and Hancock counties, Indiana, praying
tho e.'U:)bIiNh!)ifiit of n mini routo from Kairhmd, by
way of CyrusBif hop's, W ilham H. Rosebury's, Foim-
tuintown, and Kumnuel Smith's, to Gioenfiold, Han-
cock county, Indiana.
By Mr. NldOT: Tho petition of the Institution for
Savings in tho town of Barnstable, Massachusetts,
praying that.savings institutions not having capital
Block may not be subjected to tho tax now imposed
on them. .
By Mr. KGGLKSTON: Tho petition of Charles
Johnson, and 4W others, citi/.ensof Ohio, praying for
a lvdti'tion of tho revenue tax on fine cigars.
Bv Mr. KCk LKY : Tho petition of.'iOO wool-growers
of tho State of Ohio, asking: an additional duty on
wool, and of placing tho wool-growers on an equal
footing with tho manufacturers.
By Air. HOTCilKiSS: The petition of citizens of
the S!at<' of Now York, asking for tho exemption of
certain agrifultuial implements fiom excessive, du-
plication of taxes.
By Mr. HOIiHROOK: 7V memorial of tho Lecrisla-
tuiooi l<lah<> Territory, praying lor tho establishment
of a land oflioe in said .territory and for a suivejor
general.
A No, a memorial from tho Legislature of Idaho,
pra> nifs i'01 a branch mint and assay oflice at Boise
City.
By Mr. JIOOPER. of Massachusetts: The petition
of piinters, bookbinders, and publisher8*, of Roston,
Cambridge, Springiield, and Worcester, Massachu-
setts, praying that Hie tax 011 finished books may be
abolished,and a specific duly of 1 .ventv-fivo cents, per
pound be laid on imported books in addition to the ad
valorem duty now existing.
By Mr. HART: The rcnionstranceof paper and en-
velope manufaetureis and dealers again.-1 the bill
authorizing tho Postmaster Oeneial to sell stamped
envelopes at the value of the stamp ^pressed thereon.
A3.-o, thepetition of manufacturers and oonsumcrs
of barrels m Rochester, New York, asking lor a re-
duction of internal revenue tax on barrel"?.
Also, the petition of 19 women, residents of Roches-
ter, New Yoik,asking for an amendment to the Con-
stitution that shall prohibit tho several States fiom
Oisiranchising any of their citizens on account of sex.
Also, the petition of citizens asking for the passage
of a law granting pensionsto surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812.
Also, the petition of manufacturers and consumers
of barrels, asking for a reduction of internal revenue
tax on barrels.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New York: Thepetition of
Hon. II. G. Prindlo, and 169 others, citizens of Nor-
wich, Chenango county, New Yoik, praying Congress
to promptly pass such a tariff as will protect the na-
tional industry, replenish the national Treasury, and
develop our best national resources.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Patrick Ryan
and Andrew 0. Dwyer, for American register for
schooner Elizabeth.
By Mr. JULIAN: The remonstrance of sundry
manufacturers and dealers and stationers, of Rich-
mond, Indiana, protesting against tho sale of stamps
and envelopes by the Postmaster General.
By Mr. KELLJEY: The petition of58 inhabitants of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, "respectfully but earn-
estly cntroating your honorable body to adopt such a
proposed amendment of the United States Constitu-
tion, to be presented to the several States for ratifica-
tion, as will foreverprevent every State from making
any distinction in civil rights and privileges among
tho naturalized citizens of the United States residing
within its limits, or among persons born, on its soil,
on account of race, color, or descent."
By Mr. KERR: Tho remonstrance of John R.
Ashor, Charles E. Brigham.E. J.Mctzgcr k Co.,Par-
sons, Macauley & Co., and Merrill & Co., of Indian-
apolis, Indiana, against tho enactment of any law by
Congress which ghall authorize tho Postmastor Gen-
eral or other officers of the Government to manufac-
ture and sell stamped envelopes at the valuo of the
stamps impressed thereon.
By Mr. LYNCH: Tho petitions of Woodman &
Burnham, asking an amendment of the internal rev-
enue law.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of N. Wadsworth,
of New York, in favor of an amendment to the Con-
stitution so as to guaranty to all citizens of tho
United States equal rights.
By Mr. MORRIS: Thepetition of Johnson k Co., of
Gcucsco, Now York, asking that machinists and those
engaged in manufacturing agricultural implements
may not be compelled to pay inordinate taxes.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of
tho Stato of New York, 1 elating to a ship-canal from
Portage Lake to Lake .Superior.
Also, tho petition of Dow & Fowler, of Fowlcr-
villo, New York, asking for relief from tho tax upon
the manufa<?hiro of agricultural implements.
By Mr. McKEE: The memorial of citizens of Car-
ter and Lewis counties, Kentucky, asking protection
to American industry, ami remonstrating against a
reduction of duties on foreign imports.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of printers, book-
binders, and publishers of Philadelphia, praying that
tho tax on finished books may bo abolished, and a
specific duty of twepty-fivo cents per pound bo laid
011 imported books in addition to tho ad valorem duty
now existing.
By Mr. PAINE: Tho memorial of tho Legislature
of Wisconsin, in relation to improvement of naviga-
tion of rapids of tho Mississippi.
By Mr. ROUSSEAU : The petition of John Kayo,
for relief.
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Dr. N. F. Gar-
wood, of West Liberty, Ohio, offering for $25,000 in
Government bonds to furnish n surocure for cholera.
By Mr. SCIlENClv: The petition of Edward Kun-
kol, late second lieutenant forty-lifth New York vol-
unteers, for lieutenant's pay while prisoner of war.
Also, tho petition of citizens of tho third congres-
sional district of Ohio, for a modification of the tax on
cigars.
Also, tho petition of Captain D. H. Bucll, Ordnanco
corps, for tho passago of an act giving him a credit of
$100 in his accounts with tho Treasury.
By Mr. SPALDING : Tho memorial of Messrs. In-
gham Bragg, and others, stationers of northern
Ohio, protecting against tho passage of the postago
stamp and envclopo bill.
By Mr. STEVENS: Affidavits relative to tho claim
of J. M. Whitelnll.
Also, a memorial of Loyal Leagues, relative to
amendment of the Constitution.
Also, documents relative to tho claim of John M.
Whitehill.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A potition, signed by Smith
k Jerrell, llcekcr Brothers, A. T. Briggs, and 10*1
others, manufacturers, dealers, and consumers of bar-
rels and casks, residents and doing business in the
cities of New York and Brooklyn, asking to be relieved
from tho present onerous and oppressive internal
revenue tax.
Also, a petition signed by 4-°>7 journeymen coopers,
citizens of tho cities of New York and Brooklyn, ask-
ing tor tho same.
Also, the petition of S2 manufacturers, dealers, and
consumers of barrels and casks, citizens of the cities
of Albany and Troy, Now York, asking for tho same
relief.
Also, a petition signed by 200 journeymen coopcrs,
citizens of tho eitics of Poughkecpsio and Williams-
burg, New York. 011 tho same subject.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: Thepetition of
assistant assessors of thirtieth district of New York,
asking an increase of pay.
By Mr. W1ND0M: A memorial to Congress by the
Legislature for theestabhshment of an emigrant and
post route from Red Wood Falls, on tho Minnesota
river, 011 tho western border of Minnesota, via Big
Stone Lake, Forts Wadsworth, Buthold,and Union, to
tho gold regions of the Territory of Montana.
Also, a memorial by the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota, for the establishment of a mail route from
Hilton, in Wasica county, via Swan Lake, to Bluo
Earth City, in Faribault county.
Also, a petition by Theodore Eeksfcorm,and74others,
citizens of Minnesota, asking tho adoption of certaia
amendments therein Mentioned to tho Constitution
of the United States.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The po-
tition of the assistantassessors of the ninth congress
sional district of Massachusetts, asking for an increase
of pay and allowances.
Also, the remonstrance ofeertain paper and envel-
ope manufacturers, and dealers and stationeis of th«
ninth congressional district of Massachusetts, aga ins>
the passage of the act to allow the Postmaster Gen-
eral to sell stamps and envelopes at the cost of tilt
Stamps.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 27, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved,
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES presented tlie petition of O.
Morris Harding, praying that the provisions of
the present law granting compensation to petty
officers, seamen, and marines on board of Uni-
ted States vessels that may be lost, may be ex-
tended to the same description of persons on
board vessels that have been or may be cap-
tured belonging to the United States service:
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition signed by
the president and the secretary of the Pennsyl-
vania State Equal Rights League, on behalf of
the league, in which they set forth that there
are many States of the Union which have not
at this time a republican form of government,
and they ask Congress to provide an amend-
ment to the Constitution securing a republican
form of government to every State in the Union.
I offer a similar petition of the members of the
Trenton Equal Rights League; also a similar
one from citizens of Lancaster, Pennsylvania;
a similar one from the Philadelphia Equal
Rights League ; and a similar one from citizens
of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. 1 ask their ref-
erence to the joint committee of fifteen on
reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented the memorial
of William Lee, and others, of Iowa, protesting
against the passage of a law authorizing the
Postmaster General to sell stamped envelopes
at the price of the stamps impressed thereon;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POLAND presented the petition of Reu-
ben Clough, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions. *
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant
of lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Elwood, in that State, to the one
hundredth meridian of west longitude ; which
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. GUTHRIE presented the petition o<
Messrs. Miller & Moore, of Louisville, Ken
tucky, manufacturers of agricultural imple-
ments, praying for a reduction of the tax or
the sales of their manufactures; which wa?
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of assessors o1
the first district of Kentucky, praying for an
increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Reynolds, a
paymaster in the United States Army, praying
to be relieved from all responsibility on account
of money stolen from him on the 22d of Decem-
ber, 18G5, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Sweeny, Rittenhouse & Co., praying that their
claim, reported upon adversely by the Court
of Claims, may be referred back to that court
for a rehearing, submitted an adverse report j
which was ordered to be printed.
