3916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 19, 18GG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of JMr. EDMUNDS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
BRIDGES ON TIIE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yesterday, in the amend-
ment of the bill relating to bridges over the
Mississippi river, in giving the name of a corpor-
ation in the State of Illinois I gave it—it was
so furnished to me—as the Hancock County,
Illinois, Bridge Company. I understand that
the name of the bridge company is the Han-
cock County Bridge Company, and the word
"Illinois" ought not to be in it. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to have that
correction made, so as to leave out the word
"Illinois." 1 suppose there will bo no objection
to it, and by unanimous consent the correction
maybe made. It is a mere verbal one.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it to amend the
bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I gave the name of the
corporation opposite Keokuk wrongly yester-
day by inserting the word "Illinois." The
name of the corporation is the "Hancock
County Bridge Company," and T gave it as
the "Hancock County, Illinois, Bridge Com-
pany." The word "Illinois" is not in the
charter. The title as furnished to me was
wrong, and I ask that that word be taken out
of the name of the company. a
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, that verbal correction will be
made.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I present a jjetition of
non-commissioned officers and privates in the
volunteer army of the United States, enlisted
in 1SG1 and 18G2, and who have been honor-
ably discharged, prajing for the passage of an
act giving them additional bounty, so as to
make the amount received by them equal to
that received by those who enlisted in 1SG3 and
180-1. That subjecthaving been reported upon,
I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a petition of
citizens of Berwick borough, in the county of
Columbia, State of Pennsylvania, praying for
the passage of an act refunding to that bor-
ough certain bounty moneys paid by it; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of mechanics
and laborers in American manufacturing es-
tablishments in Philadelphia, praying for an
increase of the duties upon imported foreign
goods; which was ordered to lie on the tabic.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask leave to withdraw the
petition of Salmon B. Colby that I presented a
short time ago. It has not been acted upon,
and the petitioner now desires to withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Leave will
be granted, if there be no objection.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 103) in relation to the
pay and accounts of collectors of revenue who
have failed to take the required oath of office,
reported it with a,n amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 399) relative to collection districts in North
Carolina, reported it with amendments.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (II. II.
No. 400) to fix the compensation of certain
collectors of customs, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the
bill (H. R. No. 36-5} granting the right of way
to ditch and canal owners over the public lands
in the States of California, Oregon, and Nevada,
reported it with an amendment.
POST ROUTE BILIi.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 775) to establish certain
post roads, have instructed me to report it back
with certain amendments; and I should like
to have the bill considered and the amend-
ments disposed of, as it is late in the session.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senate, the amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads will be taken up in their order, as
the bill is being read through at the desk, and
acted upon as they shall be reached in their
order.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads was to strike out
lines twelve, thirteen, and fourteen, in the fol-
lowing words:
Massachusetts:
From North Falmouth, via Hatchville and East
Falmouth, to "NVaquoit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of
the bill to the end of line one hundred and
eighteen.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have had a request made
to me, since the reading of the bill was com-
menced, to defer its consideration until to-mor-
row with a view of allowing an examination of
some of its provisions, and I have agreed to
do so. I move, therefore, to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the hill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
4-10) to reorganize the Navy Department and
fix the pay of its officers; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That Friday, the 20th instant, bea^igncd
for the consideration of matters of legislation relating
to the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the time fixed?
Mr. MORRILL. To-morrow, after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. . I hope that will not be
done. It is impossible to tell at this period of
the session what the necessities of the session
may be. The House has passed a resolution
to adjourn on Wednesday next, and it will be
very unsafe, in my judgment, to set aside any
particular day for any particular business. If
the Senator can pass his bills at any time with-
out such an assignment, I shall bo very glad
of it; but I think we have legislated in its due
proportion for the District of Columbia during
this session.
Mr. MORRILL. My colleague is very much
mistaken. There never was so little District
business done, I think, at any session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is impossible to as-
sign a day for the consideration of such busi-
ness now, with the public bills ponding and
undisposed of; several of them of great im-
portance. To-morrow, if I am not able to do
it to-day, I hope to be able to pass the now
tariff bill which will come here from the House,
and which it is absolutely essential should be
passed, and to which there will probably be
some amendments. If at any time my col-
league can get in the District business without
fixing a day for it, I shall not object; but at
this period of the session, with probably only
a few days left, I do not think it safe to set
aside any day for its consideration. If the
Senator would ask for an evening session I
would not object.
Mr. MORRILL. I have not the slightest
objection to that. I will amend the resolution
so as to make the District business the special
order for to-morrow evening at seven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should have no objec-
tion to the resolution as it stands if my colleague
would only say that he would give way to the
public business.
Mr. MORRILL. I would not think of an-
tagonizing the District business with the public
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I have no sort
of objection to the resolution.
Several Senators. Say to-morrow evening;
that will be a good time.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well; I will say to-
morrow evening at seven o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution is in the power of the mover to amend
or modify it.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I will modify it so
as to make it read, "that Friday evening, the
20th instant, at seven o'clock, he assigned," &c.
Mr. STEWART. Will that cut off any other
business from being transacted?
Mr. MORRILL. No. _
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
SUFFERERS BY THE rORTLAND FIRE.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill intro-
duced by me for the relief of the sufferers by
the late tire in Portland, Maine.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 428) for the relief of
the sufferers by the late fire in Portland, Maine.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to cause to be purchased such
provisions and clothing and such other articles
as he shall deem advisable, and to tender the
same in the name of the Government of the
United States to the State of Maine, for the
relief of tho citizens who have suffered by the
late fire in the city of Portland in that State,
and appropriates a sum. not exceeding $50,000
for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting the following as a substitute:
That tho President of the United States be, and ho
is hereby, authorized to tender to tho Governor of
the State of Maine, in tho name of the United States,
for the relief of the sufferers by the late fire m the
city of Portland, 650,000, to be used in such manner
as lie may think best.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said sum of
$50,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to
be paid outof any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropiiated.
Mr. President, if a measure like this is to
jjass, the sooner it is done the better. The
fare at Portland was unexampled in its de-
struction, covering miles of streets, and has
thrown upon the world, houseless and impov-
erished, thousands of citizens. The individual
contributions that have been made throughout
the United States, I see, arc not adequate to
meet the immediate wants of the people.
I find that in 1827, after tho occurrence of a
destructive fire at Alexandria, Congress passed
a bill in this language:
"That the sum of $20,000 be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any moneys
in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
relief of the indigent sufferers by the fire in the city
of Alexandria."
Prior to that time, in 1812, when a town in
Venezuela was almost entirely destroyed by an
earthquake, and the citizens were left without
any immediate provision, this law was passed:
An act for the relief of the citizens of Venezuela.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive! of the United Stales of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That the President of tho United States be, and
ho is hereby, authorized to eauso to be purchased
such provisions as he shall deem advisable, and to
tender the same in the name of the Uovcrnincnt of
the United States to that of Venezuela, for the relief
of the citizens who have suffered by the late earth-
quake.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That a sum not
exceeding 550,000 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, to be paid out of any moneys in the Treas-
