1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1997
they were just one half the salaries of Cabinet
officers, $3,000, the salaries of Cabinet officers
being then $6,000. We have increased the pay
of Cabinet officers to §8,000, and this bill pro-
poses to increase the pay of the Commissioner
of Pensions to the same extent, giving him just
one half the salary of a Cabinet officer, as we
were in the habit of doing formerly.
Now, we found, when we came to examine
the salaries of these heads of bureaus, that the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, for in-
stance, receives a salary of $0,000 a year. I
am not familiar with the duties of that officer,
but I presume they are very light as compared
with those of the Commissioner of Pensions.
We give the Comptroller of the Currency, who
has a deputy to aid him, $5,000. We give the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who also
has a deputy, $4,000.
When we come to the War Department, the
heads of bureaus there, I believe, are gener-
ally brigadier generals, receiving the pay and
commutation of brigadier generals, which, I
think, amounts to $6,000 per annum. If I am
wrong, som e mil itary gentleman will correct me.
When we come to the Navy Department, the
head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks receives
$4,000. And then the Commissioner of Patents
receives $4,500.
Under all the circumstances the committee
have come to the conclusion that it is very
proper that the pay of this officer, who is obliged
to stay here during the whole year, during the
hot as well as the cold seasons of the year, and
attending to his duties so assiduously, as it is
necessary he should do to discharge them, shall
be increased.
So far as the chief clerk of the Pension Office
is concerned, we give the chief clerk of the
Patent Office $2,500. I suppose the duties of
the chief clerk in the Pension Office may be as
arduous as those performed there.
There is another fact connected with this mat-
ter. While you give many of the other heads
of bureaus deputies, you give the Commissioner
of Pensions no deputy, and therefore the chief
clerk must be a man competent to perform the
duties of the Commissioner in case of his ab-
sence or sickness.
The committee came to the conclusion that
we need a man whose services are worth this
salary. The chief clerk now is obliged to
assist the Commissioner very much in liis-
duties, and in case of the sickness or absence
of the Commissioner would be expected to
take his place and perform his duties.
The committee have recommended the pas-
sage of this bill, believing that oti the whole it
is about right, and I am willing to submit the
question to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
say one word.
Mr. PERHAM. I will hear the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have no fault to find with the manner in
which the present Commissioner of Pensions
performs his duties. I believe that he is a
very faithful, conscientious, and able officer,
and a very accommodating gentleman to do
business with. But my point is against in-
creasing these salaries. We are going on
increasing, one after another, the salaries of
all these men about Washington. Why, sir,
we have, within a few years, increased the
salaries of th§ Assistant Secretaries of War
and of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
And now here is a proposition to increase
the salary of the Commissioner of Pensions
to S4,000, being an increase of $1,000 a year.
The next thing that will come up, and with
just as much merit as this, will be a propo-
sition to increase the salary of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and the sal-
ary of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
And my friend from California [Mr. Bid well]
is also very much to blame for not having
brought in a bill to increase the salary of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, the most labo-
rious officer in the whole Government. And
if we can judge from the votes of the House,
he is decidedly one of the most meritorious
officers that we now have.
I object to this whole thing upon the ground
that we have already gone too far in the way of
increasing the salaries of these officers. If we
are to increase the salary of the Commissioner
of Pensions, we ought for the same reason to
go on and increase the salary of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill will go over till to-
morrow.
committee on mixes and mining.
Mr. HIGB5T. I find myself under the ne-
cessity of leaving the city for some days, and
therefore I ask that the Committee on Mines
and Mining, of which I have the honor to be
the chairman, may be called after the rest of
the select committees have been called, instead
of being called in its regular order.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate insisted upon its disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the concurrent
resolution of the Senate concerning the sale of
liquor in the Capitol building, and agreed to
the request of the House for a committee of
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed Messrs. Wil-
son, Sherman, and Githrie, the committee
on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had passed without
amendment House joint resolution No. 102, for
the relief of Alexander Thompson, late United
States consul at Maranham.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S.
No. 190) to incorporate the District of Colum-
bia Canal and Sewerage Company, in which
he was directed to request the concurrence of
the House.
organization of the army.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill for the reorgan-
ization of the Army.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 3G1) entitled
"An act to reorganize and establish the Army
of the United States."
The following section was under considera-
tion :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the infantry
regiments herein provided for shall consist of the
first ten regiments of infantry, of ten companies each,
now in scrvicc; of twenty-seven regiments to be
formed by adding two new companies to each of the
twenty-seven battalions comprising the remaining
nine regiments; of ten regiments to bo raised and
officered as hereinafter provided for, to be called the
Veteran Reserve corps: and of eight regiments of
colored men, to be raised and officered as hereinafter
provided, to be known as the United States colored
troops.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Davis, io amend the section by striking
out the following words:
Of ten regiments to be raised and officered as here-
inafter provided for, to be called the Veteran Reserve
corps.
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment now pro-
posed to this fourth section would strike out all
that portion of the section which relates to the
organization of the Veteran Reserve corps. I
desire, before any vote is taken upon the amend-
ment, that the House shall fully understand the
length and breadth of that proposition.
I stated at the beginning of the consideration
of this bill, that in fixing the number of infantry
regiments we have adopted the idea of the War
Department and of the Lieutenant General,
though some of us believed that the number
of regiments should be greater. We have set-
tled upon the number here named as perhaps
the number most proper to be selected under
all the lights we now have, and under all the
necessities of the country. And therefore we
provide in the House bill that there shall he
fifty-five regiments of infantry,
That number is to be made up as follows:
first, of the ten regiments now in existence in
the old Army. Then there are niue.regiments,
consisting each of three battalions of eight
companies, which regiments were created dur-
ing the war. It is proposed to continue those
nine regiments, and by adding two companies
to each^ battalion, to ma&e .a regiment of tea
companies of each of these battalions, ortwepty-
seven regiments in all from these nine regi-
ments. These twenty-seven regiments, with
the_ old ten regiments will give thirty-seven
regiments of the fifty-five to be provided.
That leaves eighteen of the fifty-five regi-
ments still to be accounted for. Of these ten
are to be regiments which shall constitute the
Veteran Reserve corps, and eight regiments
are^to be made up of colored troops.
Now, the proposition is to reduce the whole
number of infantry regiments by striking out
the ten regiments to be organized as a Veteran
Reserve corps, and the reasons have been as-
signed, by gentlemen who have discussed this
subject, why this should be done. I think,
however, the general reason for the opposition
to this corps has not been assigned.
Originally fifty-five regiments of infantry-
were proposed, with the assent of all persons
representing the interests of the regular Army.
But when it was found that the House insisted
that ten of these should be regiments officered
by those who have been wounded in the ser-
vice of their country, it was suddenly discov-
ered that there were too many regiments of
infantry provided for. And it was then pro-
posed to drop five regiments, bringing the num-
ber down to fifty regiments, the other five to
bo added to the regular Army in the ordinary
way.
Now, I am not at all surprised at the course
which lias been pursued here, and I shall not
be surprised at any course which may here-
after be pursued toward this feature of the bill
of the House. There is a general hostility cul-
tivated, pressed, urged, spread around Con-
gress, coming from those who are opposed to
any Veteran Reserve corps at all. And it is
not to be supposed but what it will have its
influence ana be felt here.
Before 1 speak of that, however, I want it
distinctly understood what is proposed by the
Committee on Military Affairs of this House.
Gentlemen have spoken as if the committee
were proposing to transfer the present Veteran
Reserve corps bodily to the Army. There is
no such provision in the bill. The present
Veteran Reserve corps consists of twenty-four
regiments, of whom there remains yet in ser-
vice about six hundred officers, some four hun-
dred of whom are employed at present in the
Freedmen's Bureau. What is proposed by the
committee is not that there shall be a Veteran
Reserve corps of twenty-four regiments, but
that of the fifty-five regiments of infantry, ten
shall constitute a Veteran Reserve corps, and
that they shall be officered, not by taking
exclusively the officers of the Veteran Reserve
corps, but by selections from among them,
upon proper and thorough examination, and
from among ail other officers who have been
wounded in the Union cause during the rebel-
lion. In this way, officers are to be provided
for this limited number of ten regiments. Be-
fore gentlemen conclude to vote l'or or against
the proposition to strike out these lines from
the fourth section, I invite their attention to
the provision contained in the fifth section:
The Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered by
selection from tho officers of the presentVeteranRe-
servo corps, and by appointment from any officers and
soldiers of volunteers who have been wounded in the
line of their duty while serving in the Aimv of the
United States in the late war, or have been disabled
by disease contracted in such service, and may yet be
competent for garrison or other duty, to which that
corps has heretofore been asM^ned.
It is, therefore, a misrepresentation, or at the
least a misapprehension, to speak as if there
were to be a transfer of the V eteran Reserve
corps. The bill contemplates^ no such thing.
The provision is for the creation of ten regi-
