3918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
act within the powers conferred upon Congress
by the Constitution will constrain me most
reluctantly to vote against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this bill is to bo re-
ferred at all, I would rather have it referred
to some other committee than the Committee
on Finance. Prom the fact that I am on that
committee, and might be considered as inter-
ested in a question of this hind, I think it would
be improper to refer it to that committee. I
would prefer thitt it should he sent to some
other committee, although I do not know how
it will be any better understood by being re-
ferred to a committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly would not
object to the reference to any committee of a
subject about which we needed the advice of
a committee; but each Senator is perfectly
able to decide for himself the two questions
which this proposition involves: first, whether
we have the power to pass it; and secondly, if
we have the power, whether it would be expe-
dient to pass it. Beside the two cases to which
1 referred, I forgot to refer to the case of the
earthquake that occurred and destroyed the
lands in the New Madrid grant, as it was
termed. Congress passed a law giving the suf-
ferers lands of an equal amount and of equal
value. Several instances of similar appropria-
tions have occurred. When by a calamity—
not an earthquake in the sense m which my
friend from Illinois refers to the easo at Ca-
raccas, but when there was an explosion at the
arsenal hero, and some twenty or thirty per-
sons were killed or maimed, we passed an act
making a contribution for the benefit of those
who survived and were suffering, and for the
benefit of the children and representatives of
those who were killed.
Now, as to the question of power, there may
bo something in it, but for the soul of me I do
not exactly see it. I cannot imagine how the
question of power can in any measure depend
upon the fact whether the occasion which calls
for a charitable appropriation of this descrip-
tion has been caused by an earthquake or by a
fire. Wo grant it, if wo grant it at all, because
of the result, not because of the cause of the
result; because of the ruin in which the people
have been involved, the distress ill which they
have been placed, and their inability to pro-
vide for (heir actual wants ; and whether that
calamity or distress arises fronj some element-
ary strife or arises from a fire, which may or
may not be owing to the carelessness of man
as to the purpose of man, is perfectly imma-
terial. We have the money, and if we have
the right to appropriate money for any pur-
pose oi' this description, it is because of the
purpose, because it is an occasion invoking
the charitable aid of the Government; and no
matter how the occasion has been brought
about, whether by the aid of man in any way,
directly or indirectly, or whether by the'direct
interposition of Heaven, is immaterial. Wo
come to their relief, provided it lie true that
the parties are in a situation which calls upon
us to relieve them if wo can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Things unlike each other
are often quoted as precedents. Now, the Sen-
ator from Maryland, astute as he is, and seeing
a distinction at aglanco, quotes as a precedent
for this bill au appropriation made by Congress
for the relief of those who were injured by the
blowing up of the arsenal. Is there any analogy
between them? Those parties at the arsemil
were in the Government employ. He might as
well say that the granting of a pension to a sol-
dier furnished a precedent for an appropriation
to bo given to persons who had suffered from
fire in no way connected with the Government.
21)ore is no analogy between them.
The Senator says he does not know why
the bill should be referred. It should be re-
ferred to know, if an appropriation is to be
made at all, something about the circum-
stances. Can the Senator from Maryland in-
form me what the loss at Portland is? I un-
derstand that in the citv of New York alone
there is more than a million of insurance. How
much of this property was insured in other
cities I do not know. It seems to me that be-
fore we vote money out of the Treasury of the
nation we should know something about the
extent to which this suffering goes.
Again, sir, I understand that private contri-
butions have been made all over the country
in aid of these sufferers. I am glad to see it.
It exhibits a proper disposition on the part of
the people. I am as much for it as the Sen-
ator from Maryland, and will contribute as
liberally, according to my means, as others to
relieve the suffering of those people. I would
much prefer doing it in that way rather than
voting money out of the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. Did not the Government
relieve the Now Madrid sufferers?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it did.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is tho difference
between that case and this?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I tried to state the dif-
ference. That was an act of God, and we re-
lieved them by granting them lands.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not this?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; a lire is not re-
garded as an act of Omnipotence exactly. I
take it that human instrumentality has some-
thing to do with these fires ; but I do not sup-
pose that human instrumentality had anything
to do with the earthquake which destroyed
New Madrid ; and in that case, I understand,
Congress relieved the parties by granting to
them land. I do not recollect that they gave
them money out of the Treasury; and the Sen-
ator from Iowa will remember that the Consti-
tution expressly authorizes Congress to dispose
of the public lands, and we have always been
in the, habit of giving them away.
Mr. GRIMES. Have we not the same right
to dispose of money?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can appropriate
monev, but it must be for objects contem-
plated by tho Constitution, I take it.
I was, however, commenting upon the pro-
priety of sending this bill to some committee.
Does the Senator from Maryland know the
extent of the contributions throughout the
country? They amount to hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars ; I think more than a hundred
thousand dollars in the city of New York
alone, and a large sum in Boston, and in all
the cities. I think we ought to know that
there is a pressing necessity for it before wo
vote money in this way. We ought to have
the information which a committee could
gather in reference to that matter; and it
was for that reason that I moved to refer the
proposition to a committee. If it is to pass
at all. let us know what sum we ought to ap-
propriate to relieve this suffering, if we have
the authority to appropriate anything, which
I do not think we have. I quite agree with
the Senator from Kentucky that tho fact that
Congress has once made an appropriation,
even if it were precisely like this, does not
make this one constitutional; that we are not
a Government of precedents, and the fact that
a bill has ones passed Congress improperly
does not authorize all future Congresses to
pass similar bills.
Now, sir, as I said when I interposed the
objection to the passage of this bill, it is a very
thankless task to oppose a bill designed as a
charity for suffering people ; but, according to
my sense of duty, it is improper for Congress
to appropriate money in this way. I do not
see where it is to stop. If fifty thousand dollars
is to go to the great fire of Portland, ten thou-
sand dollars may go to-morrow to a similar fire
in Bangor, and five thousand dollars the next
day to a fire in my city, and a million the next
day to a fire in Baltimore or in New York.
Mr. CONNE3S. Leave out California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume they have so
much money there in the earth that they would
never come to tho Treasury of the United
States for money to take care of their sufferers
from fire.
Mr. CRESWELL. Has the bill been re-
ported by a committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been before no
committee but was introduced by the Senator's
colleague on his own responsibility. As the
Senator from Maine objects to the bill going
to the Committee on Finance, as he is from the
city of Portland, and is at the head of that
committee, I will move its reference to the
Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is varied, and it is now moved that this bill be
referred to the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose to
take any part in this discussion, and I do not
feel called upon to object to any course that
gentleman may see fit to take. 1 wish to say,
however, in reply to the Senator from Illinois,
that it will be impossible to get any exact esti-
mate at the present time of the loss by this
fire. The nearest we can come at it is the ac-
count that is kept in our papers. The most
recent intelligence, as stated in the papers—
and they have made the best estimate they
could—is, that the loss was about ten million
dollars in the city of Portland, that the insur-
rance amounted, so far as had been ascer-
tained, to between three and four millions;
and that the contributions up to date were
something short of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this bill will not be
referred to any committee. I think every mem-
ber of the Senate can comprehend it without
getting the opinion of any committee of the
body upon it. It is a very simple proposition.
A dreadful calamity has fallen upon the city
of Portland. A largeamount of the wealth of
that city has been destroyed. It is true, as
stated by tho Senator from Maine, that a large
amount of this property has been insured ; but
hundreds of poor families have lost their all,
and are thrown out into the world dependent
wholly upon the charity of the people of tho
country. These calamities will sometimes come
upon the country. I do not believe this nation
will be any the poorer for giving a little char-
ity to those upon whom these great misfortunes
fall. They come once in a while. It can cer-
tainly do no great harm, when they do come,
for this nation to bestow a little of its means
to relieve the destitute and the suffering ; and
if we do it, I have no fear that we shall be any
the poorer for it. It will be an expression of
the action of the nation and may have its in-
fluence upon the charitable among the people
to induce them to relieve the wants of those
who have been borne down by this great calam-
ity. Whether it has come by the providence of
God, or the folly of man, or from any other in-
fluence,, it is upon them, and I certainly hope
we shall pass the bill introduced by the Sena-
tor from Maryland.
Mr. HENDERSON. I apprehend that the
Senator from Illinois is hardly in earnest in his
motion to refer this bill to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses. I cannot imagine what
that committee has to do with a proposition of
this character. I suppose it is not intended
that the money shall go out of the contingent
fund of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought this was a
contingency. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. Ihopethe Senator will
select some other committee, if he insists upon
referring the bill to any committee. I appre-
hend that the Senator from Maryland intended
by the introduction of this bill to make a small
appropriation for the immediate necessities of
these people. It is objected that we cannot say
but that all the sufferers by the fire are fully
insured, and that therefore this appropriation
may be wholly unnecessary. Now, we all know
perfectly well that many months will elapse
before the claims e&n bo adjudicated in the
insurance offices; and wo know, furthermore,
that not over one half tho property was insured
at all, as was very justly remarked by the Sena-
tor from Iowa; and in addition to that we know
that the property which was insured was not
