1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1999
understand that it is said that the experience
of the country heretofore in this matter has
indicated pretty strongly that it will not be
practicable to have these regiments filled with
men.
Now, I would like my distinguished col-
league to tell the House what there is that is
known bearing upon that subject, and whether
it would be practicable to fill up these regi-
ments and keep them filled up; for that is the
great point, I take it, that is made against this
feature of the bill. I understand that it has
been very strongly made at the other end of
the Capitol.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very glad to have
had my attention called to that point by my
colleague, and I shall but be repeating my
reference to the tenth section of the bill when
I indicate how that difficulty is provided for.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. The difficulty is
said to exist in the fact that you cannot get
men to fill these regiments.
Mr. SCHENCK. If you can get men for
any regiments you can get them for these, with
the additional advantage that men recruited for
the general service are eligible to employment
in these ten regiments. Any man recruited for
the Army may be assigned to duty in one of
these ten regiments, whether he has been
wounded in the service or not. But in addi-
tion to that we throw these ten regiments open
so as to authorize the enlistment, which other-
wise we could not permit under medical inspec-
tion, of men partially disabled by wounds, and
provide that , they may be transferred to these
ten regiments.
The consequence will be practically this: if
you get enough wounded men to fill the ten
regiments you will have these regiments com-
posed exclusively and entirely of men who, to
some extent, are invalids or cripples, but not
as much so as to be unfit for duty. But if you
do not get enough such men to fill the ten regi-
ments you can fill them up from the rest of the
Army.
The tenth section provides what shall be done
with the recruits sent to the general rendezvous,
and it then goes on to say:
It shall be competont to enlist men for the ser-
vice who have been wounded in the line of their
duty while serving in the Army of the United States,
or who have been disabled by disease contracted in
such service.
If there were not such a provision you could
not enlist one of these men. Men who have
lost an eye or lost a finger or an arm, men who
have been injured in any way, would be rejected
by the medical inspector. But we provide
against that and say that any wounded man
or officer shall be eligible, with this further
proviso :
Provided, It shall be found, on medical inspection,
that by such wounds or disability they are not unfitted
for efficiency in garr.'son or other light duty; andsuch
men. when enlisted, shall be assigned to service ex-
clusively in the regiments of the Veteran Reserve
corps.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I understand from the
remarks just made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schexck,] that he thinks it possible at
least, and not only possible but probable, from
our past experience, that these ten regiments
will not be filled and kept full by invalids of the
Army. In that case, he suggests that these ten
regiments are to be filled as the other regiments
are filled ; that is, by men who can pass a rigid
examination. I desire to ask that gentleman
whether that is not likely to bring together two
classes, and to assign the better class to duties
to which they ought not to be assigned. As I
understand, one of the results contemplated by
this bill is that the invalid regiments are to be
assigned to certain specific and lighter duties.
Mr. SCHENCK. My answer to that is sim-
ply this: if you do not receive any man who
has been wounded, then all these light duties
have yet to be performed by somebody. For
in that case all these ten regiments and all the
other regiments willbe filled up with able-bodied
men, who must perform light duty, garrison
duty', and all the other kinds of duty which our
soldiers are called on to perform. Therefore
there is nothing gained or lost one way or the
other, except that the course proposed by the
committee will enable you to receive a class of
men who otherwise will be excluded.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would ask the gentle-
man whether as a matter of experience, as well
as within the range of reasonable probability,
it is not true that an army of fifty thousand
men, composed of those who will pass a rigid
examination, will not necessarily furnish, in
the troubles and trials even of a time of peace,
all the men disabled and incompetent for active
military service who may be necessary for all
the light duties of the peace establishment. •
And I would also ask still further, whether,
considering the extended and varied character
of this country, and its variety of climatc, it is
not necessary in order to secure the physical
and moral welfare of the Army that there should
be capacity in the Commander-in-Chief to trans-
fer regiments and brigades from one portion of
the country to another. And is not the natural
and necessary effect of this bill to place the
able-bodied and vigorous portion of the Army
in unhealthy and exposed and deleterious situ-
ations which will undermine in five or ten years
the best and most vigorous physical constitu-
tions?
Mr. SCHENCK. To that I answer "No."
The SPEAKER. The second fifteen min-
utes of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
have expired.
Mr. INGrERSOLL. I move that the time
of the gentleman from Ohio be again extended.
Mr. SCHENCK. My time has been much
taken up by interruptions and explanations.
Hereafter when occupying the floor I will decline
to yield to any one.
The time of Mr. Schexck was extended by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. Before the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] proceeds, I desire to state
to him that there is one objection in the minds
of some gentlemen, not pertaining necessarily
to this section, but which still has some bear-
ing upon the votes which we are to give. And
while I do not entertain the objection that
others do, I desire some information.
Some gentlemen believe that the bill as it
now stands is intended to include, first, all the
officers of the Veteran Reserve corps, and then
only to go among other wounded men for offi-
cers of these regiments. I do not myself so
understand the bill, but others think so. But
I desire to ask the gentleman from Ohio if there
will be any objection on the part of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs when wo come to
the next section, the fifth section, to strike out
the words ''by selection from the officers of
the present Veteran Reserve corps, and;" and
thereby leave it open to all wounded men.
The section now reads:
The Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered by
selection from the officers of the present Veteran
Reserve corps, and by appointment from any officers
and soldiers who have been wounded, &c.
If amended as I suggest it will then read:
Shall be officered by appointment from any offi-
cers and soldiers of volunteerswho have been wound-
ed, &c.
That would remove all doubt on the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do notknow that I should
make any objection to the amendment suggested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevexs ;] thatis precisely the meaning of the
bill now. As the bill nowstands, it is that this
Veteran Reserve corps is to be officered by
selection from the present officers of the corps
and any other officers and soldiers who have
been wounded. These officers having already
been prominent before the country, having un-
dergone their examination, and having been
appointed, confirmed, and commissioned,would
naturally be looked to among those who are to
supply the officers for these ten regiments. And
hence it will do no harm, one way or the other,
I suppose, to leave out the words indicated by
the gentleman from "Pennsylvania.
Now, sir, to reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] lot me say, in
the first place, that your garrisons are organi-
zations. You send a company, or half a com-
pany, or two or three companies, or a regiment,
to a post or to a fort. The gentleman says that
there will always be, in an army of fifty thou-
sand men or more, a great number wounded or
disabled by the accidents or casualties of the
service to make up these garrisons. But they
will have no organization. They do not get sick
by companies or by regiments.. You cannot,
therefore, send them, with their proper officers,
to perform garrison duty. The reply to the
whole matter is that you cannot garrison your
posts by selecting one man from one regiment,
another from another regiment, two from a
third, and an officer from a fourth to command
them. So that this substitute suggested for a
Veteran Reserve corps is simply impracticable
and is utterly inconsistent with military disci-
pline and military practice.
Then, again, the inquiry is, whetherthe able-
bodied men will not necessarily be sent off to
places where they will be exposed to the delete-
rious influences of climate; whether they ought
not to be changed. Of course they should be
changed from time to time, and they may be
changed. As a great part of the peace duty
will be garrison duty, it is probable that these
regiments of the Veteran Reserve corps will
be occasionally changed from post to post, from
fort to fort, from guard duty at one point to
guard duty at another, from garrison duty to
guard duty* and from guard duty to gar-rison
duty. So also with the able-bodied troops ; so
also with the remaining forty-five regiments of
infantry who will not constitute the Veteran
Reserve corps. They will be on duty some-
times on the Pacific coast, sometimes upon the
Florida coast, sometimes alongthe Indian front-
ier, and sometimes elsewhere. There will be
room enough for changes and transfers of all,
notwithstanding the continuance of the Veteran
Reserve corps; for there will be a vast deal
more of garrison and post and guard duty to
be performed than can possibly be performed
by these ten regiments.
Now, as to the efficiency of the Veteran Re-
serve corps for such purposes, let us see what
the present corps has done. A portion of that
corps was sent out to Johnson's Island at a
time when other troops had been withdrawn;
and during their service as guard to that rebel
prison the weather ms jrcmieumes so cold that
the men froze at their posts. This shows that
the members of this corps have been employed
for duty at inclement places as well as able-
bodied men. Men of this corps, mounted as
cavalry, were sent up through Pennsylvania at
the time of the riots in the mining region ; and
they scouted the country for miles. Again,
they were mounted as cavalry and scouted the
country in front of the fortifications of Wash-
ington toward the close of the war. They
guarded the public property here at Washing-
ton at every point. At the time of the ap-
proach of the rebel enemy to this city in the
summer of 1864, they occupied and garrisoned
the northeast fortifications of the city, from
Fort Stevens entirely around to Fort Reno.
They were in conflict with the enemy. Many
of them, although they had suffered wounds or
contracted disease in former battles, were able
to renew the fight, to take again their position
as efficient soldiers; and many of them suffered
even unto death in the battles which occurred
when Washington was thus threatened. Their
conduct upon that occasion received, as it mer-
ited, great praise. I might go on multiplying
notices of the services of this Veteran Reserve
corps, showing that it is a slander upon officers
and men alike to say that they have not per-
formed their duty, and performed it well.
| Now, sir, it may be said that these men are
! men who have gone from civil life into volun-
teer organizations, and that now we pass them
over to the regular Army. I admit that this is
so; but ifitbea sound objection, it is one which
extends to all other volunteers.
Whatis yourarmy now? It is an army made
up largely from civil life. I have taken 110
trouble to have a table prepared to show how
the present line officers, field and.companyoth-
cers, of the regiments in the regular Army have
been appointed. I find it is by no means a
