3920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
withdrawn from the State of Pennsylvania for
the purpose of leaving her helpless.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I made no such asser-
tion. I said they were injudiciously placed, so
that our defence was not, as it ought to have
been, made perfectly secure.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a military ques-
tion. I am not so certain that my friend from
Pennsylvania, skilled as he is in everything
else, is quite equal to the management of ar-
mies. Whether they were unskillfully placed
or skillfully placed, is a matter in regard to
which 1 should rely more upon the judgment
of the men in whose hands the management
of the armies was placed than upon the judg-
ment of any civilian. Pennsylvania ought to
have been able to protect herself, and she
would have been able to protect herself, in the
main, although unable to guard against a sud-
den invasion of her territory by an organized
force, such as was the force led on that occa-
sion by the confederates.
But what has that to do with this question ?
The lionoiable member does not seem to deny
that we should have a right now to provide
for the case of Chambersburg, if wc thought
proper; but he concludes by saying that as long
as Chambersburg remains unprovided for, so
long, as far as he is concerned, are the people
of Portland to remain in a helpless, impover-
ished, and starving condition.
I rose, however, simply for the purpose of
saying that the Senators from New England are
no more responsible for the introduction of this
bill than is the honorable member from Penn-
sylvania; in other words, they are not respon-
sible at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I think with the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, notwithstanding the
protest of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, that every man's property that has been
destroyed by the rebels furnishes a stronger
case for the interposition of Congress to in-
demnify the loss than this case or any other
case of casual (ire can.
Sir, I respond to the position of the Senator
from Pennsylvania that it was the duty of the
Government of the United States to protect its
citizens in their persons and their property
against the aggressions and the destruction of
the rebels,.and an omission to furnish that pro-
tection, by reason of a careless or improvident,
disposition of the troops or for the want of the
necessary force, does not release the Govern-
ment, in the ease of the destruction of private
property by the rebels, from the deep and strong
obligation, as [ conceive, to make full indem-
nity for the property.
1 understand that the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania only adduced the case of the town
of Chambersburg, in his State, as an example.
It is only one of a million. Every city, every
town, every habitation that was left in flames
and destroyed, and tvery instance of the de-
struction of private property by the rebels,
because of the absence on the part of the Gov-
crnment of giving the necessary defense to that
property, in my judgment is a much stronger
case for the interposition of the Government to
indemnify the loss than this or any other case
of casual lire can be. I think that the honor-
able Senator's position in that respect, and his
adducing the example from the State of Penn-
sylvania, furnishes a powerful and, to my mind,
a conclusive consideration against the passage
of this measure.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator from Illi-
nois does not choose to insist on his motion to
refer this measure, I will submit one to post-
pone it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion
to refer.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I move to post-
pone this bill for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDIUCKS. If this appropriation
be made at all, 1 suppose it ought to be made
at once. From the very nature of the case the
relief ought to be granted now, if ever; but I
am not prepared to vote for it. I wish I could.
I cannot see how we can appropriate the pub-
lic money to local charities. I suggest, there-
fore, to the Senator from Illinois to move the
reference of this bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The author of the measure is a
member of that committee; the Senator from
Illinois is the chairman of that committee. Ho
opposes the measure, and its author advocates
it. The bill will then go before that commit-
tee for its examination, and I presume the
committee would be willing to meet at any
hour to decide upon it, and if it be within the
power of Congress, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, the bill can be returned here at once,
receive immediate action, and perhaps become
a law at this session. If Congress decides that
the appropriation ought to be made, I should
wish to make it at this session. Therefore, if
the Senator from Pennsylvania will withdraw
his motion, I will substitute for it a proposi-
tion that this measure be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no objection to
withdraw my motion, but will renew it in case
the other is not successful.
Mr. HENDIUCKS. Very well. I am not
able exactly to see, however, why the Senator
from Illinois objects to this bill, because he
voted the other day for a bill distributing char-
ities over eleven States of this Union to per-
sons who had been declared to be citizens, to
occupy toward the Government the same rela-
tion exactly that the people of Portland do;
and the appropriation was made because of
their necessities. If I had voted for that bill,
it seems to me I could not well oppose this;
but as I was not able to see the constitutional
authority for that appropriation of the public
moneys, I am notable to see how we can alle-
viate the citizens of Portland, however ear-
nestly the case may appeal to our feelings.
As has been well said by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, there is no limit to this sort of
appropriation. Congress decides that it may
relieve in cases of hardship. An appeal will
be made to you at every session, and I presume
the applications will increase in number and in
amount at every session. When we once yield
the point that because people in particular
localities need money Congress can give it to
them, there is then no limit to govern the action
of Congress, and that is precisely the case. It is
stated that the people in Portland need money,
need money because of a terrible affliction. That
is all there is of it. Because they need money
we are to give it to them, not in the exercise
of any power conferred upon Congress by the
Constitution, but simply because our charitable
feelings are appealed to by their distresses we
are to give them money. That is all there is
of it. I cannot respond to that appeal; I wish
I could ; but I cannot see the power to appro-
priate the money.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I was in hopes
that we should have determined this question
without debate and without any great deliber-
ation, because in my judgment the more you
undertake to deliberate on a question of this
kind, the more you detract from the merits of
your action. If there is any gentleman heie
whoso heart does not prompt, him at once to
vote for such a bill as this, of course let him
vote against it; but let us not put it over, let
us not talk over it, let us not drag in the Con-
stitution. Such things have been frequently
done. When a great, overwhelming calamity
has fallen upon the people in any particular
place in the United States, on several occa-
sions, to my certain knowledge, since T have
been here, Congress, being in session and hav-
ing the means, has stepped in and alleviated
in some measure the effects of the calamity
where it could be done, and the nation never
felt that it had performed such most graceful
acts. In this case when I know the extent of
the great calamity that has fallen on these
people, such as scarcely ever fell on a com-
munity before, perhaps the greatest by fire
that has ever fallen npon any portion of this
country, I feel prompted at once to vote for
some measure of relief. All their means of
support have been swept without notice from
under them in a moment, and they are now at
the charity of the world, many of them who
were before in independent circumstances.
In this District of Columbia when there was
extraordinary weather, and great distress fell
upon poor people on account of it, Congress
has on several occasions to my knowledge
stepped in and alleviated their distress, and I
never heard that the Government was any worse
off for having done it. I never yet heard of a
man being injured by an ajt of generosity like
this. These acts are such as commend a Gov-
ernment to the people and show that the Gov-
ernment sympathizes with the welfare of the
people and also with their calamities. While
they cost you nothing they elevate the Govern-
ment in the estimation of the people.
i am for doing this act and doing it at once.
I did not intend to say a word about it, and I
did not suppose when the bill was called up
that it would be deliberated upon for a single
moment. I supposed that the act would be
done promptly. I am ready to do it. I do not
fear that it will set an example or precedent
that will be dangerous ta the well-being of this
Government. I wish such precedents could be
set oftener than they are ; they would endear
the Government of the United States to the
hearts of the people. Let relief be extended
when these great, overwhelming calamities oc-
cur. Where they are not so great but that the
benevolence of the surrounding communities
can relieve the sufferers, there the Government
does not step in; but upon a great occasion
like this there is no civilized Government that
would withhold its aid, and I hope of all others
ours will not. I trust the bill will pass.
Mr. SAULSBUllY. Mr. President, it is un-
pleasant to object to a bill such as this which
isnow before the Senate, because measures of
this kind always commend themselves to the
heart, even when the judgment generally con-
demns them. I presume there is not a Senator
upon this floor who would not be glad to believe
that he had authority to make this appropriation.
There can be nobody who does not sympathize,
and sympathize deeply, with the people of Port-
land in their affliction. I speak candidly when I
say that if I believed I had the right as a mem-
ber of the Senate to vote for this bill 1 would do
it, and do it cordially, cheerfully; but, sir, I do
not believe that I have the right to cast that
vote. I do not believe that the Congress of
the United States have the right to appropriate
money out of the public Treasury for any such
purpose; and entertaining this opinion I could
not vote for the proposition, though all my
kindred had been inhabitants of Portland and
lost their all.
Mr. President, if you have the authority un-
der the Constitution to appropriate money to
the inhabitants of Portland who suffered from
the recent disastrous fire, you have the same
authority to appropriate money out of the pub-
lie Treasury for the benefit of every private
individual in the United States whose house is
burned down, whose furniture is destroyed by
fire or through accident. The number of peo-
ple congregated in Portland does not distin-
guish it in principle from the case of any pri-
vate sufferer in the United States. If, simply
because there are hundreds and it may be thou-
sands of persons in the city of Portland wdio
have suffered from this conflagration, you must
vote $50,000 to relieve them, how can you deny
relief upon the application of a single private
person who has lost his all by a like affliction?
Because a number of individuals assembled at
Portland en masse, living in a populous town,
lost their all, you are to extend bounty to them.
If they had lived in different neighborhoods
and a fire had occurred and they each sepa-
rately had lost their all in different States of
the Union, you would never have thought of
making an appropriation of this kind. The
fact that they all hapj>ened to be living on the
