mm
TffiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
not stand here resisting, in the interests of
economy, the addition of a few hundred dollars i
to the pay of such officers as the Commissioner j
of Pensions and the Commissioner of Public i
Lands.
Mr. NYE obtained the floor. ;
Mr. GIMMES. Let me say a word to the
Senator from Ohio. The average increase of
pay that will be allowed to officers of the Navy
under the order of the Secretary will not ex-
ceed $200.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thirty-three per cent.,
some one says.
Mr. GRIMES. I say the average will not
exceed $200. Some of them only get twenty
per cent. While in the Army the commuta-
tion exceeds the amount of the pay proper, I
believe, one or two hundred per cent., the
Secretary of the Navy was so anxious that it
should not be run to an excess in the Navy that
he h?s limited them to twenty per cent, in some
instances, and the highest is but thirty-three
per cent.
I will state, further, that that amendment in
its present form perhaps might not have been
adopted if it had not been that the House of
Representatives utterly refused to make any
sort of appropriation to supply quarters for the
naval officers who were required to do duty at
navy-yards. We were required to have from
fifteen to twenty-live naval officers at the New
York yard, as an example. The shore-duty
pay of a lieutenant commander, stationed there,
who has been in the service twenty-five years,
would be only 81,875, and he would be obliged
to pay at least one third and in some instances
one half of that for house rent alone. It was
absolutely oppressive. The only way in which
the evil could be obviated, as we thought, was
to permit the Secretary in certain iiibtanccs to
allow a commutation. Men who are stationed
in the yards and furnished quarters are not
allowed by the order of the Secretary to have
thirty-three per cent., but only twenty per cent,
of an increase of pay, which to a lieutenant
commander doing duty at, a navy-yard would
be about 8300.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope we shall now
have the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is entitled to the floor. The
Chair will put the question as soon as the de-
bate terminates, but cannot do so before.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg pardon of the
Senator from Nevada: I was not aware that
he was on the floor.
Mr. NYE. I believe it is the duty of Con-
gress to provide ample pay to the clerks and
Other officers, and in most cases I believe it is
cheaper service when they are paid liberally:
but I desire to call the attention of the Senate,
before they vote on this question, to an organ-
ization that exists in these Departments, as
appears in that loyal paper, the National In-
telligencer, on the morning of the 30th of last
month. I desire simply to read that, and sub-
mit it to the Senate, so that tliey may see whose
salaries they are raiting:
johnson departmental club.
In tlio proceeding5 of this club last evening, upon
motion of Richaid II. Jackson, Esq., it was unani-
mously
Rewfaeil, That the loyal paper? of this city^bc re-
quested to publish the preamble to the constitution
of the elub. which is as follows .
Whereas the present crisis of this country calls for
a full and honest expression of political sentiment,
and a firm adhesion to the Constitution of our land,
and the cardinal principled of government as enun-
ciated and established by_our fathers; whereas the
present Congre-s ot the United State?, in usurping
the judicial and executive functions of the Govern-
ment, in overriding all State authority and jurisdic-
tion, in defying the manifest sentiments and wishes
of a vast majority of the people of the country, is
rapidly changing our republican system of govern-
ment into a despotism as unmitigated as ever was
that of Austria; whereas we are uncompromisingly
opposed to all such inroads upon the established
principle^ of the Government, and as unwaveringly
indorse and support the pn<t and present adminis-
trative policy of President Andrew Johnson, partic-
ulai iy that of the readjustment of the late rebellious
State-; and whereas as honorable men, holding office
under Iih Administration, feel it incumbent upon us
either to sustain him in his noble efforts to preserve
the^Constitution and tho liberties of the people
against the infractions of Congress, or, if opposing
him, to resign our positions for those who do sustain
him ; and whereas the, political proscription by the
several Departmcntsof the Government of the friends
of the President is a base imposition, and has become
too flagrant and oppressive to be longer borne with-
out remonstrance and resistance; Therefore, for the
purpose of strengthening, as far as in our power, the
hands of the Chief Magistrate of theltep ublie against
all attempts by a radical Congress to subvert the
Constitution and the Government; for the purpose
of our mutual protection and support against the
present intolerant proscription of the President's
friends in the several Departments; and for tho pur-
pose of the free and candid expression and inter-
change of our political opinions and sentiments, we,
employes and officers of the Government, do estab-
lish this, the constitution of the "Johnson Depart-
mental Club" of Washington city, and cordially
invite all employes of the Government in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who indorse the object and pur-
poses of this association, to join with us in the good
work.
Upon motion of the same gentleman it was also
unanimously
Resolved, That this club cordially indorse the late
speeches of the honorable Secretaries of the Navy,
War, State, and Treasury Departments, rcspon>ive
to the invitation of the National Union Club ; that
the free, candid, and patriotic sentiments of the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury are in pertcct keeping with
his well-known personal and political integrity, are
creditable to him alike as a patriot and statesman,
and do honor to the Government he represents: that
the able and candid response of the Secretary of War
has rendered him still more prominent in the history
of the country.
Resolved* That the replies of Secretary Harlan and
Attorney General Speed were characteristic, and
leave no room to doubt—as long generally believed
—but what they are opposed to the President's read-
justment policy; that they are but clogs in the ma-
chinery of the Government—obstacles in the way
of the early restoration of the Union—prejudicing
equally the success of |he President's administration
and tLe welfare of the country; that, as Cabinet
officers hostile to the avowed policy of the President,
they manifestly retain their positions in bad faith for
sinister and ulterior purposes, and to embarrass, as
far as they can, his attempts to heal the wounds of
the country. Being, at least, opposed to his policy,
they are incapable of rendering him that assistance
and earnest cooperation essential to its complete
success, and should give place* to others more worthy
and competent who can. That, justice to the people
and to the Government, and the necessities and wel-
fare of the country, alike demand their immediate
resignation or removal. ROBERT WRIftllT,
President.
Fkrt)T\in"B Tj. Saemie>"TO, Secretary.
I should like to inquire of the Senator from
Wisconsin if the head of this club is one of the
men whose salaries he proposes to raise.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know the
name.
Mr. NYE. His name is Jackson.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He is not in tho Interior
Department that I know of.
Mr. NYE. This document is signed by
Robert Wright, president; Ferdinand L. Sar-
ruiento. secretary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No such names have
appeared in the Interior Department, to my
knowledge.
Mr. NYE. We have got so accustomed in
Congress 
Mr. WILSON. This man Jackson is a clerk
in the Second Auditor's office, one of the
" chivalry."
Mr. NYE. I have not the honor of knowing
the gentlemen who tlius undertake to control
and abuse Congress. We have got so accus-
tomed to receiving rebuke from certain quar-
ters that it ceases to hurt; but I insist upon i£
that a class of men who are here asking for
favors at the hands of Congress, the clerks of
these Departments, should be the last to attempt
to control the action of Congress or to abuse its
members.
Now, sir, I move that this subject be post-
poned until we can ascertain whether the officers
of this departmental' club are to be the recip-
ients of the benefits of this increase of salary,
and whether itis the object of this departmental
club and of this bill to so cut down the num-
ber, and you always find the honestest men
I having the lowest salary, as to get rid of those
I men as clogs in this departmental club or not.
I hope that this Senate, in view of its own
dignity, that this Congress, in view of its own
sense of propriety, before voting to increase
the salaries of these men, will know whether
it is these arraigners of the representatives of
the country that are to receive the benefits of
this increase of salary.
Mr. President, having stood such attacks
from all other quarters without perceiving any
symptoms of being hurt, [ insist upon it that
when these clerks attempt, with an insolence
that has "never before been equaled, with an
impudence as unparalleled as the assertions
from other quarters, imitating others in their
expressions, to abuse the representatives of the
people they shall not receive increased salary,
increased facility for abusing the power from
which they draw their nourishment and sup-
port. I therefore ask that this subject shall be
postponed until we can inquire whether, while
the men that in tliis "loyal" paper, the Na-
tional Intelligencer, of the 80th of May, arraign
Congress as usurpers and as establishing a des-
potism and tyranny here equal to Austria, are
hitting ns on one side of tho head with a club,
we shall open the pockets of the Government
to give them increased facilities for hitting us
again. I should like to have the Senator from
Wisconsin take time; I do not suppose he is
prepared now. for he never speaks without due
preparation; I want him to investigate this sub-
ject and report "in brackets," as he has in
this bill what is proposed to be stricken out,
whether or not these departmental clubs exist
and whether they are for the object set forth in
this paper, whether the object is to bring every
clerk in the Departments to support the Pres-
ident in his policy or to turn him out, and
whether this bill is to aid in it. I insist upon
it that this bill should not pass until the Senate
has an opportunity to examine that matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the further consideration of the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. CONNESS. The motion was not for
an indefinite postponement.
Mr. NYE. Temporarily, for a day or two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The state-
ment was until certain facts could be found
out about a certain paper, which is of course
an indefinite postponement.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator rather
appeals to me personally. If I did not really
suppose he was jesting this morning I should
take it seriously; but it certainly is a su-
preme jest for him to quote that long article
from the Intelligencer and make that have any
sort of application to the bill that is now pend-
ing before the Senate. The bill before the
Senate, it is true, increases the salaries of the
Commissioner of Pensions, the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and it increases the sal-
aries of some of the principal clerks and beads
of divisions in those bureaus and decreases the
aggregate number of clerks in the Interior
Department.
Mr. NYE. That is what I complain of. Is
it to put out the men who do not maintain '■ the
departmental club" and raise the salaries of
those who remain?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not at all.
Mr. NYE. That is what I want, to see.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the honorable
Senator from Michigan will gh e way calling
up the order of the day that we may dispose of
this question.
Mr. HOWARD. I insist on the order of
the day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is an important
matter
Mr. CONNESS. Let it go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. All the amendments
have been passed upon, and it is simply a
question on the passage of the bill. I should
like to have it disposed of this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is in order, and it can be
laid aside, except on motion, only by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from
Michigan insists 
Mr. HOWARD. I must insist on calling
up the unfinished business of yesterday.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
