1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ator will permit me I will state it in that part
of my remarks to which I haye in my own mind
assigned it.
Now, sir, I may be wrong; I think I may say
that over-confidence in my own judgment is not
among my faults; but I believe, as religiously
and sincerely as I ever believed in any doctrine,
that the only mode of saving this country from
the perils that now surround it is that mode
which the President of the United States is in-
clined to> follow. Believing that, I am willing,
for the sake of supporting that policy, to drop
all questions of detail. 1 will not differ with
Mm upon questions of detail, if I think that by
so doing I shall impair his influence in the great
work in which I believe he is engaged.
The Senator from Ohio has asked me what
is the President's policy. I have not yet come
to that point: but I desire to say that with re-
gard to myself upon this subject I occupy no
new ground. It is said by some that there
are those who are following the President, who
desire to court executive favor. It is hard to be-
lieve that there is any Senator here who would
give up his own convictions of duty for the sake
of executive smiles. I trust I should not do
it. But, sir, I had the honor more than three
years ago, of talcing in the Senate of the United
States the same position which I now occupy;
for some reason, I know not what, I anticipated
this discussion. 1 supposed when our Army
was before Richmond in 18f>2 that in a very
short lime liiehmond would fall, and the con-
federacy would fall with it. It was only a ques-
tion of time. What I thought would take three
weeks took three years; but, sir, the fall of
Richmond and the fall of the confederacy came,
and with it has come the question which I
thought then would come in a very short time.
I took the liberty to oiler in the Senate a reso-
lution which I will read. Of course I do not
quote it, nor anything I said on that occasion,
as having the slightest authority, but I quote it
to^ justify and defend myself before my con-
stituents and beforj this body, and to show that
the position which I now take was not taken
for this occasion and because tho President of
the United States happened to take it, but be-
cause I believed it to be right, and for that reason
I now sustain it. I offered the following reso-
lution a few days previous to the 25th of June,
J8G2: '
llrtolned, That all acts or ordimmcosof socession
ailegnd to havo boon adopted by any .Legislature or
convention oT tho pooplo of any State arc, as to the
icilural Union, abiolutely null and void: and that
wlulo mu'Ii aoLs may and do subject tlus individual
actors therein to forfeitures ami penalties, they do
not in anydofjroo alloot (ho relations of tho States,
wherein they purport to havo boon adopted, to tho
Gov ei anient of the United Slates, but hip, as to such
Government, acts of rebellion, insurrection, and hos-
tility on tho part of tho individuals enpa^od thoreiu
or giving ussont thereto; and that such States are,
not witbftandini? such acts and oidinauoes, members
ft tho I'ederal Union, and as such arc subject to all
tho obligations and datlos imposed upon them by tho
Constitution ot tlio United States; and tho loyal cit-
izens of such Stales are ontitlud to all tho rights and
prmloKcs thereby fcuaiautlcd or confirmed."
That resolution was offered by me, and while
it was under consideration 1 look occasion on
the 25th of June, 18(32, to make some remarks
upon il. I will read very briefly from those
remarks ; and J desire to apologize to the Sen-
ate for reading what X then said. Of course, I
do not read it as authority, but as a defense of
my own action now. I said :
" And here I wish to say that, nltliouRh tho impor-
tance of the subject ivould have justified mo in so
doing, I havo not initiated this discussion. Tho res-
olution irhioli 1 offered in tho Senate, declaring, as I
believe it docs, tiuths of immense importaneo to tho
nation at this crisis, was not offered by mo until tiio
Sonalor from Massachusetts [Mr. SustxmtJ hail pro-
posed a series of resolutions declaim^ an opposite
doctrine, which I consider fatal to our form of Gov-
ernment, destructive of our Federal system, and ut-
terly incompatible with a restoration of harmonious
relations between the State* in which tho rebellion
now prevails and the United States/'
I attempted by such reasoning as I could com-
mand and such illustrations as I could offer to
show that my resolution was correct in princi-
ple ; and, among other things, 1 made this re-
mark :
" Lot us see wh other, even in point of fact, this is
truo. Take the caso of Tennessee. She has attempted
to pass an ordinance of secession, which has been fol-
lowed by open rebellion and armed resistance to the
General Government. For a long period no loyal cit-
izen could live in pcace in that State. Those who
held to thoir allegiance to the General Government
wero banished. The family of ono distinguished pa-
triot, a citizen of Tennessee and a member of this
body, were driven from their home, and ho was him-
self exiled."
He is now President of the United States.
"All that was required for the complete dismem-
berment of Tennessee from the Union had taken place
in that State; and if itwere possible for any Stale, by
her own act, or the acts of her people, to cease to be
a State in the Union, Tennessee ceased to be such.
Yet, how did the Senate treat the fact? No matter
what may be the law, tho fact, it is said, is the test of
the true condition of the State; and what was tho
fact in tho opinion of the Senate? Every day the
name of Andrew Johnson was called by our Secre-
tary, and as a member of tho Senate of tho United
States he answered to his name as a Senator from
Tennessee. Was he a Senator? Was he as such en-
titled to his seat? Was Tonnosseeentitlcd to be rep-
resented in the Senate? If so. was sho not a State
in th e Union notwithstanding the prevalent rebellion
by which sho was overrun and devastated?"
It may be said in reply to that, that Mr.
Johnson, then a Senator here, being once a
Senator was always a Senator. That is not so.
If Tennessee had become a portion of a foreign
country, aportion of Groat Britain, for instance,
and was engaged in war with us, would she be
represented in this body? Should we not have
excluded him? Have we not the power of
self-defense? I beg Senators to toll me if that
is so, whether every State among the seceding
States could not have held its representation
in this body, because a man onec a Senator is
always a Senator? Would the Senate have
admitted tho ri^ht? Not for a moment. They
would havo said self-defense requires us to
exclude a Senator in such a ease.
I made the same supposition with regard to
Virginia. I made the supposition of a more
extreme caso; that Messrs. Hammond and
Chesnut, then Senators here from South Car-
olina, had^ thought il their duty to remain here
in spite of the act of secession passed by that
State ; and I asked the Senate if they could not
have remained here; and furthermore, I asked
the Senate if it was not their duty to remain,
and if every loyal citizen of South Carolina had
not a right to demand of them to remain in this
body as Senators from South Carolina, although
nine tenths of their people were engaged in
rebellion; and there was no Senator hero at
that time prepared to say that my position was
not correct.^ I of course do not say that that
was conclusive. The subject then was not fully
cousidcred. But, sir, on that very day a de-
bate sprang un, and the subject was thoroughly
discussed. Tlio Senator from Michigan [Mr.
lloWAitn] and the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] both spoke on the subject; and the
position which! took, although it excited some
doubt in their minds, excited no horror. I was
not looked upon as a heretic because 1 took
this position. It was considered that there was
some doubt with regard to it. The Senator
from Michigan said he thought there was a dif-
ficulty, and rather intimated that he differed
from me; but he (lid not take the ground that
my position was either heretical or unpatriotic.
Throughout the country at that time, wherever
this position was noticed, the loyal press of the
country, especially in my own State, defended
that resolution. Every newspaper in the State
declared it to be the true doctrine ; and the Le-
gislature of the State, then in session, adopted,
1 think, resolutions of a similar character.
1 trust 1 shall be pardoned for having thus
alluded to remarks of my own. I went on fur-
ther in that speech and attempted to show what
1 believed to be the true policy and the true
theory on the subject. Of course I shall not
weary the Senate w ith reading what even then
when it was freshly said was not perhaps wor-
thy of attracting much attention. That was
the position that I then look: and am I now,
when the President of the United States takes
the same position, to turn upon him ? Am I to
say that ho is wrong? Am I to be denounced
because 1 hold to the same position now which
I then held, notwithstanding- the President of i
the United States occupies it ? I believed then
that the doctrine was correct. It has been
fully argued since; able speeches have been
made upon it; immense talent in this body and
inthe other House has been exhausted upon
this subject; and yet I have never been able
to see that my position then taken has been
controverted. I believe it to be corrcct. I
thought it fight then; I think it right now. If
I am wrong now, I was wrong then, and have
been utterly and entirely wrong ever since.
Under this state of things, a bill was before
us establishing a Preedmen's Bureau. As I
said, I voted for it, not without doubt, not with-
out hesitation; and I had occasion for reasons
I have given to change my vote; and when the
President's veto came in I voted to sustain the
veto and against the bill. I thought the bill
most decidedly objectionable. I desire to refer
to a few remarks made by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in his defense of the
bill against the veto, and for a reason which I
shall soon state, I shall not have occasion to
dwell long on that portion of the subject, nor
upon the remarks of the Senator from Illinois.
I will refer to only one or two of the points
made by him.
He said that the President's objection that
the bill established the Preedmen's Bureau as
a part of the permanent legislation of the Gov-
ernment was not correct, that it was not a per-
manent act; and what reason did the Senator
give for saying that it was not a permanent act?
He said it could be repealed ; that the act pro-
vided that it should continue in operation until
by law it was provided otherwise. Is not that
the case with every law? Can you make a per-
manent act in this Government? Is it possi-
ble to pass an act that cannot be repealed?
Suppose you had said in that bill that it should
continue in force for fifty years, would it have
been permanent in consequence of that? Would
not the next Congress have the power to repeal
it? It was as permanent as any law enacted
by the United States can possibly be made.
There should have been a limitation of time in
it, and in the first Freedinen's Bureau bill there
was such a limitation. It was limited to one
year after the commencement of peace. In this
bill there was no limitation ; it was to continue
in force until repealed, and therefore was as
permanent as it was possible for the Congress
of the United States, by any legislation, to
make any act whatever.
The Senator then said that the President's
objection to military jurisdiction was not a good
objection, becauscthe President had been up
to this time exercising the same jurisdiction.
Does it follow that because the President of
the United States has exercised military juris-
diction up to this time, therefore in a perma-
nent act of legislation you should authorize
him to do that for an indefinite period? That
was the point that the President made: this
is a pei-manent act; you authorize permanent
military jurisdiction in civil cases ; and because
I exercised it last week, shall I be empowered
to exercise it next year ? 1 think there was a
vast difference between the two eases.
Then the Senator alluded to the statement
of tho President that this was a bill for the ad-
vantage of black men, rather than of white men.
T desire to say that if that were the case it is
not the slightest objection to my mind. I think
it was made for black men in point of fact, and
because it was made for black men was no ob-
jection to me. I am not one of those who could
over understand why because a man is called
conservative he should hate the ^colored popu-
lation, or why because he supported the prin-
ciples of this Government he should have an
aversion or prejudice toward that population.
If there are those who have that feeling, I am
thankful that I am free from it. It was no ob-
jection to my mind that the bill was intended
for the benefit of black men. The fact cannot
be denied that it was so intended. Was it not '
called a Freedmen's Bureau? Are white men
freedmen? Was it not to feed and suijport the
wards of the nation? Are white men wards of
