THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
892!
same spot, near each-other, does not distinguish
their case from the case of a private individual.
I should not have said a word if the yeas and
nays were not to be called upon this question.
If the Senate had chosen to pass this bill sub
silentio, I should have said nothing ; but as I
have to record my vote I wished to state the
reasons why Imust vote against the bill, though
I feel as sympathetic and as kindly toward these
people as any of those Senators who will vote
for the appropriation.
Mr. HOWE. I should not have said a word
upon this subject if the yeas and nays had not
been called for ; but as I have got to vote
against the bill, and as I hate to give that vote
worse than almost any vote I ever gave, I feel
bound to say in a few words why I do it.
It seems to me we have made a mistake of
some kind. If it is for us to administer the
charities of the nation, I do not see why we do
not go at it systematically, and ascertain how
large the claim of the city of Portland is upon
the charity of the nation, and pay it right up.
That it has a claim for more than $50,000 I
have no manner of doubt. I suppose there is
not a member upon this floor who has not felt
called upon to consider the question of his own
ability, and to determine for himself how much
he could afford to do to relieve that distressed
city. Why should individual members have
contributed a dollar? Why not vote at once out
of the Treasury of the nation whatever is re-
quired to make that loss good or to meet the
necessities of the people impoverished through
that great calamity? But I have always be-
lieved that it did not belong to us, to the Legis-
lature, to administer mere charity. I am not
troubled by any constitutional scruples. T have
no doubt of our constitutional authority to ap-
propriate money for this purpose as well as for
any other purpose for which we do appropriate
it; but I do not think our constituents intend
that we should administer their charities; that
we shall determine how charitable they ought
to be; that we shall determine how much money
they ought to contribute for one charity or an-
other. I do not think they delegated to us any
such authority, or that they expect from us any
such exercise of power.
The magnitude of this calamity not only
appeals to the sympathies of us all, but it is
very likely to overwhelm our judgments. An
immense amount of property was destroyed.
It impresses us as an awful dispensation, and
we all feel the necessity of doing whatever is
proper to be done to relieve against its effects,
it seems to me that we had better, each one
of us, however, administer our own generosity,
our own charity, and speak for ourselves in-
dividually. For myself, distant as that point
is, knowing it as well as I once did, familiar with
it as I once was, I have felt called upon to con-
sult with my landlady and see how much of
my salary I could devote to the matter of fur-
nishing relief. But while I feel at liberty to
do that, I do not feel at liberty to vote a dollar
of anybody else's money, and I do not think
the statute referred to by the Senator from
Missouri furnishes us that authority. I do
understand, as he said, that those who give to
the poor do lend to the Lord and become His
creditors; but I understand that that only
applies to those who give their own means,
their own money. I do not think it applies to
those who give other folks's mouey; and if the
Senator really wishes to establish a credit of that
kind, I think he had better confine his appro-
priations to his own pocket and relieve the
national Treasury. It is the cheapest mode in
the world to get up a character for philanthropy,
to give away other people's money. It is very
easy to say '1 yea'' on the passage of this bill.
I would rather do it as a mere matter of con-
venience than to give fifty cents out of my own
pocket; but as a matter of propriety I think I
had a little rather give fifty dollars—though
that, to be sure, is a very large sum for me to
contemplate—than to say "yea" on the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am perfectly willing
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 246.
to make that arrangement with the Senator
from Wisconsin. I will vote for the bill and
he can give the fifty dollars. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I guess those are about the
best terms I can make with the Senator from
Missouri, [laughter,] and I believe I shall ac-
cept the proposition. I will give the fifty dol-
lars and let him vote for the hill and I will vote
against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is a little
singular that the opposition to this measure
should present itself in the way that it has
done. Our brothers on the other side of the
Chamber who have opposed it have desired
very much to favor it, except that they are
troubled with constitutional objections; and
our friends upon this side who are opposed to
it are not troubled with constitutional objec-
tions, but are opposed to it because it is charity.
Now, I agree for one, and as others have said,
I should not have said a word only for the yeas
and nays, which call upon everybody to explain,
that we ought not to devote ourselves to char-
ity ; but every nation that professes to be civ-
ilized has always in cases of great public calam-
ity, although local like this, exercised what
gentlemen now style charily, exercised the
political right of disbursing public money and
public aid to relieve the suffering which those
great public calamities have occasioned; and
this Senate within two weeks last past has ap-
propriated public property (which is just as
sacred and just as much protected by the Con-
stitution and just as much within the scope of
the Constitution as public money) by a unani
mous vote and with the hearty good will of
everybody to this very object.
Now, it seems to me that these scruples of
ours come in strange. opposition to .the senti-
ments with which we first set out. We know
in despotic Governments—to be sure they have
not any constitution—the head of the nation,
as in the case of great inundations in France,
which are familiar to most Senators, within ten
years past has made large appropriations to
relieve the people of particular districts that
have been drowned out; and in Great Britain
large appropriations have been made to re-
lieve the people of the particular districts, in
one case where a flood overwhelmed a section,
in another where an explosion occurred. It
remains for us Americans, then, to be tied up
by some sentiment, either of constitutional
objection or of charity, to find that it is not in
the power of this great people to appropriate
any part of its money for the great purpose of
relieving a great calamity because it happens
to be local.
It is true that all things of this description
must be watched with extreme care. We can-
not go into a general system of insurance, it is
true; but when an overwhelming calamity is
visited upon any portion of the people of this
country, brought upon them by no fault of
theirs, I should be sorry indeed to have the
American Congress say that it is not within
the scope of its powers or within the scope of
its wishes to deal out a small portion of public
favor as we have already, and as I hope we
shall now, to relieve the immediate pressure
of such distresses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to postpone the further consideration
of this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from Pennsylvania withdrew that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not so understand the Senator. After the
order for the yeas and nays the motion could
not be withdrawn except by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. The yeas and nays had
been ordered on the motion. By unanimous
consent the practice is to allow the mover at
that stage to withdraw his motion, but not
otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The withdrawal, I think,
was before the ordering of the yeas and nays.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexdricks]
was speaking, and he appealed to the Senator
by his side [Mr. Buoi£ai,ew] to withdraw the
motion to postpone, and then made a motion,
himself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania said he would withdraw that I might
make a motion to refer to the Committee on
the Judiciary, which motion I then made as a
substitute for his motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I expressed a willing-
ness to withdraw the motion to postpone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
so understood the Senator from Pennsylvania,
but did not understand him as withdrawing the
motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I expressed an entire
willingness to withdraw the motion to post-
pone, in order that the other motion contem-
plated might be made. I have no right to
withdraw the motion, I am aware, without the
unanimous consent of the Senate. The yeas
and nays were ordered prior to the conversa-
tion. If there is no objection, I will withdraw
the motion in order to enable the Senator from
Indiana to submit his.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania asks leave to withdraw
the motion to postpone. Is there any objec-
tion? No objection being made, the motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, sir, I move the
reference of the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas a,nd nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Crcswell, Davis,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Hcndricks, Howe, Kirkwood, Nes-
mith, Poland, Eiddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,Sprague,
and Trumbull—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark,Conness,
Edmunds, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
Wilson, nml Yates—23.
ABSENT —Messrs. Cowan, Craein, Dixon, J?es-
senden, Howard, Lane, McDougall, Williams, and
Wriglit—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I shall not renew the
motion which I made before, because I pre-
sume the result would be the same as that on
the motion made by the Senator from Indi-
ana. I will not occupy the Senate, therefore,
on that question. I will content myself with
voting against the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I just want to say, in expla-
nation of my vote, that T do not see what is the
force of the point made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana as between this proposed
appropriation and that made for the support
of indigent persons in the South. The one was
the result of war; the other is the result of
accident, liable to qpcur every hour, while the
former can, in all probability, never repeat
itself, at least we all trust not. I find that dif-
ference. But while I think my heart is as warm
and as ready to appropriate or give to the ex-
tent of my means as that of others, I cannot see
how this appropriation can be made for this
purpose and any denied that shall be asked
hereafter in behalf of either a single citizen
who has lost his all, or a number of citizens
who shall be equally calamitous with those of
Portland.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Ed-
munfls Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, llam-
sey, Stewart, Sumner. Vail Winkle, Wade, Wiiley,
Wilson, and Yates—?L ~
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Conness, Cies-
vrell, Davis, Doolittle, Harris, Hendricks, Howe,
Kirkwood, !N esmith, ^Poland, B-jddle. 4 Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and William^ lb.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Howard, Lane, McDougall, and Wright b.
So the bill was passed.
