2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
one, I shall vote for that amendment when I
have the opportunity. And I am glad to have
the gentleman's attention at this moment, be-
cause I want it. directed to the feet that even if
those words were stricken out, the fault of the
bill will not be cured in the particular he sug-
gests. It will still be open to evasion and easy
abase. How are the jdficers of the Veteran
Reserve corps to bo golRi out to take their
chance fairly with other men? That is the
question. The Veteran Reserve corps exists ;
and you propose to prolong and perpetuate it.
Now, unless you have some provision which
dissolves this organization, which turns these
officers out, which makes the officers of the
Veteran Reserve corps as well as the others
applicants in the same sense and on the same
footing for appointment, the purpose of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will not be ac-
complished, although the bill will be improved.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether he understands that if this
bill passes, these officers are necessarily re-
tained? May they not be mustered out by the
Department in the same way as other officers
are?
Mr. COCKLING. . Mr. Speaker, I do under-
stand precisely that, and so I think will the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania when I remind him
how all this has been managed. When we came
here this session the officers of the Veteran
Reserve corps were in the position in which
the gentleman assumes they are now. They
had been brought into being by an order; and
they could be sent out by an order. But in the
early part of the session, upon the motion of
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, a resolution was adopted -calling upon
the War Department not to muster out these
officers, as the Department was doing, until
provision to that effect had been made by Con-
gress. That was the substance of it. Now, I
challenge any gentleman to show me in this bill
any provision overriding that declaration of the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman really
want an answer?
Mr. CONKLING. My fi'iend's^manner is
rather appalling; but if there is no danger at
this distance 
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask my friend
from New York whether the resolution to
which he refers was a joint resolution, or
merely an expression of the opinion of the
House.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not sure whether
it was a joint resolution or not, and therefore
I have refrained from saying anything of it
except that it passed the House. I know that
such a resolution passed this House; and I
remember very well that I inquired at the
mne whether it was to lead to such a result as
it is like to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think that was a mere
resolution of the House, making a request of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. CONKLING. And here, in the return
made from the Adjutant General's office, with
which my colleague [Mr. Van Aerxam] sup-
plies me, there is a note in the ease of a num-
ber of officers, stating that they are retained
under the resolution of Congress to await
further action in their case?. Three hundred
and ninety-nine are retained in that way.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman really
wants information on this point 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schexck?]
"" I will if it does not come
Mr. CONKLING.
out of my time.
The SPEAKER,
gentleman's time.
Mr. CONKLING.
It will come out of the
Then I decline to yield.
I have had a great deal of curiosity on this
point; and I have asked at the Department
and outside of the Department, what was to
be the elTcct of such a provision as this ; and I
am advised that by the bill as it now stands the
officers of the present Veteran Reserve corps
will be transferred in a body to the corps pro-
vided for by this bill. I fear that the amend-
ment of tke gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] will not insure the contraryrand if
the section is retained I shall move a further
amendment in the same direction.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to suggest to the
gentlematt from New York that it would be
more satisfactory if he would point out the sec-
tion of the bill which conveys that meaning,
instead of indulging in loose and vague asser-
tions with nothing in the bill to support them.
Mr. CONKLING. I have endeavored to
refer to the provisions of the bill; and I will
suggest to the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] that possibly by listening he will have
his attention directed to some provisions of the
bill which he may not understand any better
than the rest of us.
I take up this matter, Mr. Speaker, in a plain
way, and judge with the poor light I have, and
also from what gentlemen say who know more
about stich things than I do. Taking the words
as they stand, and even as proposed to be mod-
ified by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] unless he turns out the Veteran Re-
serve corps, and have them begin again, the
preference will be given to this set of officers
over the others, as I think.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me read. It provides
for ten regiments to be raised and officered as
hereinafter provided for, to be called the Vet-
eran Reserve corps. Does not that show de
novo operation?
Mr. CONKLING. The bill says, also, that
the Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered
by officers selected from the present Veteran
Reserve corps. Does this treat the language
of the other section which the gentleman reads
as requiring everything de novo ?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman refers to
another section. They are not to be transferred
as they now are, but new regiments are to be
raised, to be called the Veteran Reserve corps.
Mr. CONKLING. I have succeeded partly
in my purpose by rousing the attention of the
House, although I have wandered from saying
the most that I wished to.
In the fragment of time left to me I will
make another remark. I submit to the chair-
man of the Military Committee that he states
rather strongly when his auditors arc people
not accustomed to military distinctions the
proposition that officers can never enter the
Artay if they have, been wounded. He does
not mean that. He does not mean, I think,
to say that officers are so examined as to be
rejected merely because they do not come up
to the bodily standard required in the case of
privates.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do, most certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman say
an officer in the service goes out as a private
goes out, in consequence of being wounded?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman asks
whether an officer is subject to medical exami-
nation on his appointment, and I say he is.
One of the best officers of the Veteran Reserve
corps was a candidate for the place of second
lieutenant in the regular Army and was rejected
on medical inspection.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt an
officer maybe so disabled as to be unable to do
duty in the_Army and may be rejected for that
reason. I Save no doubt there are such cases.
Phil. Kearney, though, went one-armed, with
his bridle in his teeth, through all the war till
he fell in fight, and nobody but death mustered
him out. Officers who are tit to do duty are not,
as I understand the application of the law,
rejected because they have been wounded at
some time and could not pass examination as
privates.
It seems to me the true way to provide for
officers and men wounded in the war is tu adopt
measures which will deal equitably and impar-
tially among them all. This cannot be done by
mixing one bill with another, and ingrafting
upon a bill to make the Army more efficient
an invalid corps, holding out benefits to them
which ought to be given in another way. No
man can invent a stronger measure fqr the
relief of oxtr soldiers and their families of a
proper and fair character than I will vote fox-.
The more it favors wounded and disabled men
the heartier shall bo my support. This pro-
vision does nothing wise or just in that direc-
tion, and therefore it wins no favor with me on
that account. „
Mr. PAINE obtained the Aoot, but yielded to
Mr. BLAINE, who said: Mr. Speaker, I
want the floor for five minutes to correct a gross
misapprehension, I will not (jail it a misrepre-
sentation, of the gentleman ■ from New York.
When the gentleman from New York speaks
of his own knowledge on a subject he is a gen-
tleman of accuracy to whom 1 always listen
with great pleasure. He is not so accurate
when he speaks upon the suggestions of others
who are interested adversely to this hill.
He makes the broad assertion that this bill
incorporates the Veteran Reserve corps as it
stands into the regular Army. He has evidently
not read the bill. The fourth section of the
bill says:
Of ten regiments to be raised and offiecred as here-
inafter provided for, to be called the Veteran Reserve
eorps.
The fifth section:
The Veteran Reserve eorps shall be officered by
selection from the officers of the present Veteran
Reserve corps, and by appointment from any officers
and soldiers of volunteers who have been wounded
in the line_ of their duty while serving in the Army
of the United States iu the late war, or have been
disabled by disease contracted in such service, and
may yet be competent for garrison or other duty, to
which that corps has heretofore been assigned.
Now, if the gentleman from New York will
turn to the thirty-fifth section of the bill, he
will find that no person shall be appointed to
office in the line or staff corps of the Army
until he shall hgtve passed a satisfactory exam-
ination before a board to be convened under
the direction of the Secretary of War, so that
as a matter of fact, I assert it in its broadest
and most unexceptionable sense, officers of
the Veteran Reserve corps now in commission
are not given one single inch advantagfe over
any other wounded officers along the length
and breadth of the loyal States. And the gen-
tleman from New York certainly made aloose
and vague assertion on that subject, contrary
to the very letter and spirit, line and precept
of the bill. I say this in vindication 6f the
committee, of whom he has spoken as having
cunningly gotten this in. It is drawn with
very great care and proper safeguards are
thrown around it.
Mr. PAINE. I am in favor of this provision
of the bill which constitutes the V eteran Reserve
eorps! I am at the same time in favor of mak-
ing careful provision for wounded officers and
soldiers both of the volunteer and regular
Army who have not hitherto been in that corps.
If I supposed for one moment that the result
of the provision contained in this section would
be to give preference to men who are already
in the Veteran Reserve corps, at the expense
of those wounded officers and men who have
never yet been placed in that corps, I should
be opposed to the provision and struggle forits
amendment.
And I am pleased to see the anxiety mani-
fested by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Conkling] in favor of these wounded officers
and soldiers who have not hitherto been mem-
bers of that corps. I only wish it had gone a
little further, and had promised to take some
practical form in this House which might ben-
efit them. I only wish he had manifested a will-
ingness so to amend this bill as to give these
wounded officers and soldiers of the volunteer
and of the regular Army, who have not hith-
erto been provided for in the Veteran corps,
a chance under this law. But no; he turns
with scorn from every attempt to amend this
bill so as to include them, and makes that
provision the basis of his opposition, and then
turns around and positively refuses to do any-
thing by way of amendment which shall ob-
viate that objection. Now, the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens] docs obviate that objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Did the gentleman say I
