2962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
ing loyalty to the Union, and the people who
inhabit it at the same time armed and hostile
rebels, is certainly an anomaly.
Nov.-, the people of these States are the
same who have been rebels, the same with
whom we have been at war for years, and from
whom we have just succeeded in wresting their
arms. Now, can it be possible that we are at
once bound to admit these people to actively
participate with us in administering the Gen-
eral Government; that we have no more power
or right to test their loyalty or require security
for it than we have of the people of a State
which has always been loyal and true? It
seems to mo to be confounding all distinction
between right and wrong, between innocence
and crime, between loyalty and treason. •
It is said there is no warrant in the Consti-
tution for such a course, and therefore we can-
not do it. The truth is, the framers of the
Constitution never contemplated such a state
of things and made no provision for it. The
Constitution, to be sure, provides for the sup-
pression of insurrections; but evidently this
never contemplated an extensive rebellion so
formidable as to produce for years a division
of the nation and a separate de facto govern-
ment. The real question is, not whether there
is any express warrant in the Constitution for
it, but whether there is anything in the letter
or spirit of the Constitution that forbids it.
In my judgment there is not. It is sanctioned
by principles of substantial justice and right,
and by the great law of self-protection and
defense, which is as applicable to communities
and nations as to individuals.
I conclude, then, that there is no objection to
the exercise by Congress of the power to im-
pose any condition or limitation to the return
of these States to participate in the govern-
ment of the nation, which shall be just in itself,
and necessary for the safety and welfare of the
nation.
If. as I insist, we have the right to require
of these States suitable and sufficient conditions
or guarantees, and that, too, by amendments
of the fundamental law, then several questions
present themselves upon the amendment pro-
posed. Do we need this amendment for our
future protection and the peace and safety of
the nation? Does this amendment furnish it
sufficiently? Is it doing any wrong or injustice
to the white people of the South? Is it just
to the negro population of the South? This
amendment leaves the general basis of repre-
sentation, as fixed by the Constitution origi-
nally, upon numbers or population. In some
of the discussions of this subject in this Cham-
ber it has been strenuously insisted that this
is not the true and just basis upon which rep-
resentation should be based, but that it should
rest upon the basis of voters. I entirely dis-
agree with those who have argued for this new
doctrine, and in my mind it is clear that the
existing basis is the only true one, the only one
consistent with the true idea of a representa-
tive republican government. The question is
not; perhaps, directly involved in this amend-
ment. but still it is not wholly aside from my
line of argument. AH the people, or all the
members of a State or community, are equally
entitled to protection: they are all subject to
its laws ; they must all share its burdens, and
they are all interested in its legislation and gov-
ernment.
Notwithstanding this no State or community
professing to be republican allows all its peo-
ple to vote. Every one fixes for itself some
rule which, in its judgment, will furnish a body
of voters or electors who will most wisely and
safely represent the wishes and interests of the
whole people. The right or franchise of voting
has, probably, been moie widely extended in
these American States than in any other pro-
fessed republican Government, but in the most
liberal of these it has always been confined to
a small minority of the whole people. In none
of our States have females, or males under
twenty-one years of age, ever been allowed to
vole. In many of the States the right of vot-
ing has been restrained within much narrower
limits. Persons coming to this country and
establishing their pernmnentresidence here are
required to remain five years and then to go
through an established process of naturaliza-
tion before they are allowed the privilege of
voting. Yet we all know that many females
are far better qualified to vote intelligently and
wisely than many men who arc allowed to vote ;
and the same is true of many males under
twenty-one, and of foreigners who have not re-
sided here for the period of five years. The
truth is that the whole system of suffrage of
any republican State is wholly artificial, founded
upon its own ideas of the number and class of
persons who will best representthe wishes and
interests of the whole people. The right of
suffrage is not given to a particular class be-
cause they have any greater interest in the Gov-
ernment, or beeause they have any more natu-
ral right to it than others, nor to exercise it
for themselves and in their own behalf, but is
given to them as fair and proper exponents of
the will and interests of the whole community,
and to be exercised for the benefit and in the
interest of the whole.
The theory is that tlie fathers, husbands,
brothers, and sons to wh®m the right of suf-
frage is given will in its exercise be as watch-
ful of the rights and interests of their wives,
sisters, and children who do not vote as of
their own. While the rules of suffrage are
different in the different States, the plan of
basing representation in the national Legisla-
ture upon the number of voters in each would
be manifestly unjust; it might with the same
propriety be based upon the number of mem-
bers in the Legislature of each State. But if
the rules of suffrage were the same in all the
States, the adoption of such arule for national
representation would be manifestly unjust.
The Union contains many very recently set-
tled States, and by reason of the great extent
of unsettled country all still have, such must
be the case for many yeais to come. These
new States to a great extent are settled by em-
igration from the older States, and it has been
and will ever continue the case that a much
larger proportion of this emigration are males.
The consequence is that the newly settled
States contain a very much larger proportion
of males than the older States, and therefore
a much larger ratio of voters.
Can it be justly claimed that five thousand
people in Nevada or Colorado should have the
same voice in the Government as twenty tliou-
sandpeopleinMassachusettsorNew York, even
though the number of males above twenty-one
were the samein each ? I have said more than
was necessary upon this particular point. By the
existing Constitution the Statesholdingslaves,
in addition to their other population, were en-
titled to have three fifths of their slaves counted
in ascertaining their share of representation.
By the amendment of the Constitution abol-
ishing slavery, which was really one of the
results of the war, this entire mass of slave
population, counting by millions, were made
free, and as the Constitution stands the States
where slavery existed would now be entitled
to have the remaining two fifths added to their
numbers for representation, although no one
of them all is allowed to vote.
This very fact, it seems to me, furnishes a
very sufficient reason for a readjustment of
representation among the States, and an an-
swer to the often-repeated question, why
amend the Constitution at all? With no amend-
ment on this subject the late slave States come
into the lower House of Congress with a much
larger representation than ever before. Is it
safe to do this, is it just to the loyal portion of
the nation who ha\e borne such immense bur-
dens to maintain its existence? If not, I hold
we are not bound to encounter any such peril.
For a long period of years sectional hatred
toward the North had been cultivated in the
South, in consequence of our dislike and con-
demnation of their wicked and anti-rcpub-
lican system of human slavery. This feeling
was excited and fomented by the arts of am-
bitious aad designing men till it broke out in
a gigantic rebellion for the purpose of sepa-
rating from us and forming a separate govern-
ment for themselves—the most terrible and
bloody civil war the world has ever seen, last-
ing for four years; characterized by almost
innumerable instances of cruel and barbarous
hate on the part of the insurgent States. We
finally succeeded in putting down the rebellion,
overthrowing the government they had set up,
and adding the mortification of total defeat of
their cause to their other reasons for hating
us and disliking our Government. These people
have submitted to the national Government
because they have been compelled by force to
do so.
But have we any evidence that justifies the
belief that they are now ready to yield willing
allegiance to the Government and obedience
to its laws? All the mass of evidence taken
by the reconstruction committee, the tone and
sentiment of the almost entire southern press,
the information derived from private sources,
concur in showing that as yet no such thing
exists to any considerable extent, and that the
feeling of hostility to the national Government
and northern people is as great now as it was
while the war was raging, and that the submis-
sion to the laws and authority of the Govern-
ment is the enforced submission to superior
power. Does anyone doubt that if an oppor-
tunity was now offered for an effectual separa-
tion it would not be embraced by a far larger
majority of the southern people than that by
which their acts of secession were adopted ?
Looking at the circumstances we could hardly
expect to find it otherwise now, and J respect
those people more for the open and undisguised
avowal of their sentiments than I should if
they hypocritically pretended to acquiesce
cheerfully and rejoicingly in their own defeat.
We must rely upon time, emigration, the inter-
course of business, interchanges of kindness
and good will, and especially the beneficent
and protecting care and influence of the Gov-
ernment to foster and build up a feeling of
attachment to the Union and to allay the bit-
terness and asperity now existing. In this
view it has seemed to me that it was not so
desirable as many others have believe] it to
be that great haste should be made in their
restoration, and that our reunion 'uith them
would be much more likely to be harmonious
and lasting if done coolly and deliberately than
if we rushed to embrace each other.
But the question is, whether in the present
state of facts it is safe and just to the nation
to admit these States to participate in the gov-
ernment of the nation upon such terms as will
incur any hazard of their being able to take
the control of it, and if they choose injure or
overthrow it? I have heard it asked what
harm they could do if admitted to full repre-
sentation in Congress and were able by polit-
ical affiliations and alliances to control the
legislation of the nation.
I will refer to but one of the many things
which might be most disastrous to the people
of the loyal States. To carry on the war and
suppress the rebellion we have incurred a debt
to the enormous amount of ?3.000,000,000.
The great bulk of this debt is held by the people
of the North. Much of it is held by capitalists,
but not all, by any means. It has entered into
all the transactions of society and business.
All public trusts, whether educational, chari-
table, or religious, are invested in it, as well as
nearly all private trusts for widows, minors, or
others. The entire currency of the country is
composed of it or based-upori it. In addition
to this it is most extensively held among the
people; in my own State I know that almost
every man who had any money to invest,
whether the amount was great or small, now
holds it in Government bonds. Indeed, I thinK
I may say that except what is invested in busi-
ness or in business corporations, the great
mass of the money capital of the North is now
in the national securities. To pay even the in-
terest on this debt and our immense animal
pension-list will require taxation for us of
unexampled severity for many years to come.
