THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had non-
concurred in the amendments of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 101) for the
relief of certain officers of the Army, asked a
conference 011 the disagreeing \oles of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. John
A. Bixgiia:.£ of Ohio, Mr. Gii.man Marston
of New Hampshire, and Mr. Nelson Taylor
of New York, managers at the conference on
its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had non-concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the hill (H. R.
No. G02) increasing (ho pensions of widows and
orphans, and for other purposes, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing voles of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Air. Sid-
ney Periiam of Maine, Mr. Pjitletcs Sawyer
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Michael 0. Kerr of
Indiana, managers at the conference on its
part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives has passed, without
amendment, the following Senate bills :
A bill (S. No. 137) to amend the acts ap-
proved August C, 1801, and July 16, 1862,
establishing a Metropolitan police in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to increase the efficiency
thereof, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (S. No. 316) relating to public schools
in the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had parsed the following
bills, m which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 12")) authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia;
A bill (II. R. No. 230) to amend an act to
extend the charier of the Alexandria and Wash-
ington railroad, passed March 3, 1803 ; and
A bill (II. 11. No. 780) to protect the reve-
nue, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a reso-
lution to close the present session of Congress
by an adjournment of the two Houses on tlio
25th day of .July, at twelve o'clock meridian.
The message also announced that the House
of Ifepresentatives had agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the following bills and
joint resolution :
A bill (II. R. No. 50) to amend the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An ac'. donating pub-
lic lauds to the several States anil Teriitories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts," approved
July 2, 18G2, so as to extend the time within
which the provisions of said act shall be ac-
cepted and such colleges established ;
A bill (II. R. No. uot) to fix the number of
judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and t.o change certain judicial circuits;
A bill (II. R. No. 4 !'J) to authorize the con-
struction of a railroad through certain land of
the United States in Kansas ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 4GG) erecting the Terri-
tory iif Montana into a surveying district, and
for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of the
owners of the hark Maria Henry;
A bill (II. R. No. 555) for the relief of the
owners of the Ilawaiianbark Ivamaliamaha V;
A bill (If. R. No. 557) to quiet the title to
certain lauds within the corporate limits of tho
city of Bcnicia and the town of Santa Cruz, in
the State of California ;
A bill (II. R. No. 095) for the relief of "Wil-
liam 11. Wheeler, of Bangor, Maine;
A bill (II. R. No. 727) to regulate the regis-
tering of vessels ; and
A lint resolution (H. R. No. 119) for the
relief of Isaac Rauney, internal revenue col-
lector for the eighth district of Ohio.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Sei'.ue to the re-oiution of
the House for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee- on retrenchment, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled bills sionee.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following emolled bills and joint resolutions;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 50) to amend the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts," approved
July 2, 1862, so as to extend the time, within
which the provisions of said act shall be ac-
cepted and hjcli colleges established;
A bill (II. R. No. 213) making appropria-
tions lor the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for tl e year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1807 ;
A bill (II. R. No. 331) to fix the rmirber
of judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and to change certain judicial circuits;
A bill (II. R. No. 35-1) for the relief of
Edward P. McKinncy, of Binghamton, New
York, late captain and assistant commissary
of subsistence;
A bill (I-I. 11. No. 421) for the relief of James
G. Holland, late acting assistant paymaster
United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 418) to anthoi-ize the con-
struction of a railroad through certain land of
the United States in Kansas ;
A bill (II. R. No. 4GG) erecting the Terri-
tory of Montana into a surveying district, and
for oilier purposes ;
A bill (II. R. No. 517) for the relief of Liston
II. Penrce ;
A bill (II R. No. 518) for tho relief of tho
owners of the bark Maria Henry;
A bill (II. R. No. 521) for the benefit of
Henry Home;
A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of the
heirs of Horace I. Hodges ;
A bill (II. R. No. 555) for tho relief of tho
owners of the Hawaiian.bark Kamahamaha V;
A bill (II. R. No. 557) to quiet the title to
certain lands within tho corporate limits of the
city of Benieia and the town of Santa Cruz,
in the State of California;
A bill (II. R. No. G29) for the benefit of
William G. Leo;
A bill (Ir R. No. 095) for the relief of
William Ii. Wheeler, of Bangui, Maine ;
A bill H. R. No. 727) to regulate the regis-
tering of vessels;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 115) for the
relief of John Wells & Sons, of Baltimore;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 119) for tho
relief of Isaac Ranney, internal revenue col-
lector for tho eighth district of Ohio ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) for the
relief of Caroline A. Randall, administratrix
and widow of Charles B. Randall, deceased.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone ail
prior orders and take up the bill making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment, according to the notice I gave yes-
terday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before put-
ting the question on that motion, the Chair
desires to present a large quantity of business
from the other House for disposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (II. II. No. 124) authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia—to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 230") to amend an act
to extend the charter of the Alexandria and
j Washington railroad, passed March 8, 180-3—
i to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 780) to protect tho reve-
nue, and for other purposes—to the Committee
on Finance.
pay of army officers.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 101)
for the relief of certain officers of the Army,
which were disagreed to by tho House of Rep-
resentatives and on which the House requested
a committee of conference.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the committee
on the part of the Senate be appointed by the
President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed - to by unanimous
consent.
widows' and orphans' pensions.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. C92) increasing
the pensions of widows and orphans, and for
other purposes, which were disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and on which
the House requested a conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the absence of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] I move
that the Senate insist, on its amendments and
agree to the conference asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the confer-
ees on tho part of the Senate be appointed
by tho Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
the grade of general.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to its
amendment to the bill (II. R. No. S) to revive
the grade of General in the United Stat.es
Army. The amendment of the House was in
line twenty of tho Senate amendment to strike
out before "Army" the words " line of the"
and to insert the word "regular."
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
joint committee on retrenchment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of tho House of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate to the House con-
current resolution for the appointment of a
joint committee on retrenchment.
The amendment of the House was to insert
after the last word of the Senate amendments
the following words:
And inquire into the accounts and statements in
reference to the Government, debt and the manage-
ment thereof, and tho mode of depositing and keep-
ing of tho public money and all accounts relating
thereto.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt that the
Senate amendments cover that ground already,
but to save time I move that the 'Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
final adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution from the
House of Representatives:
llesoheil, (the Senate concurring,) That tho Presi-
dent of the Semite and Speaker of tho House of
llepresentatives be authorized to close the present
session by adjournins their respective Houses on
the 25th day of Jul.v, iit twelve o'clock meridian.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that that be
laid on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS rose.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not propose to
debate it, hut I wish to ask whether it can be
taken up at any time.
Several Senators. It can be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I design to call it up
shortly, as soon as I am satisfied as to when we
can adjourn. I am not quite satisfied yet that
that day can be safely fixed upon.
