1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
this rebellion should present himself here; suppose
the State of Tennessee should comeback to theUmon
being freed of those who now control it, and that a
Legislature properly elected should send General Pil-
low here as a Senator from that State; X would vote
that ho should not be allowed to take the oath, be-
cause though not a convicted traitor, he is an admit-
ted traitor. I would not allow him to come here by
my vote; and if Senators ask me upon what prin-
ciple I act, I tell them I act upon my own individual
responsibility as a Senator of the United States. It
is for me to judge both with regard to expulsion and
with regard to admission; and it is between me and
my conscience, myself and my God, who will judgo
mefoi the manner m which X discharge my duties to
my country."—Congressional Globe, Part I, Second
Session Thirty-Seventh Congress, p. 870.
The Senator from Maine there laid down the
correct principle. Upon the question of cre-
dentials this whole question is before the Sen-
ate, and it is for us to consider on that question
whether the member presenting himself here
for admission is a traitor, or whether he is true
to his country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? I do not wish to
interrupt him.
Mr. DIXON. I am perfectly willing to be
interrupted,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator un-
derstand me now as contending that on the
question of credentials the whole question is
not before the Senate?
Mr. DIXON. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there is no con-
tradiction.
Mr. DIXON. I am not claiming that there
is a contradiction. 1 will state what I under-
stand the Senator to mean.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I say now that un-
questionably the whole thing is before the Sen-
ate ; but I say with reference to the prelimi-
nary question, as to the condition of the States,
that question may properly be left to both
Houses to act in concert upon it, because it
does not involve the elections, qualilications,
and returns of members.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator now says that
that question may properly bo left to both
Houses. The Senator told us before that it
must not be left I hero.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Under existing circum-
stances I think it should and must bo left to
them. 1 do not. think it absolutely essential in
all cases, but under existing circumstances 1
suppose, it must properly be let't.there.
Mr. DIXON. It is impossible for any man
to road the speech of the Senator without per-
ceiving that ',<> stated in at least a dozen in-
stances that tl .is is the ground on which we place
it, a mere question of credentials, upon which
we can go no further, and therefore ho says
Congress ought, lo decide, because if the Senate
decides for itself ilis a mere question of creden-
tials.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator admits that
that is as good a way as the other, and as proper
as I he oilier, he and I have no controversy.
Mr, FKSSEN'DEN. The Senator follows
out. I he ideas suggested by the President. I
stated what I understood the President to con-
tend for: I do not, know that he meant, it. I
only "ay that that is the inevitable inference,
aeeoiding to my judgment. I have no doubt
on the mere question of credentials presented
to the Senate alone, we could examine thewhole
subject if we saw (it, but I contend that under
existing circumstances, and from the impor-
tance of the question, the preliminary inquiry
as to the condition (if the States should be set-
tled by the joint action of both Houses in all
these cases in order that there may bo no col-
lision between them. That question does not
involve the question of the propriety or the reg-
ularity of the returns, qualifications, and elec-
tions of members necessarily, but it lies at the
foundation and might properly be considered
by itsel f. I understand, however, that my friend
from Connecticut and other gentlemen contend
that we ought not to leave that question of the
condition of the States to the joint action of
both Houses.
Mr. DIXON. I do. The Constitution makes
each House, separately, the exclusive judge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He says he does. I
was contending that it was a very proper ques-
tion to be so left. I understand the President,
so far as his ideas may be gathered from what
he has said, to be contending for the same thing
as the Senator from Connecticut. I say it is
no usurpation on our part, but a very proper
and reasonable and necessary thing under the
circumstances and condition of the country.
Mr. DIXON. I understand the Senator to
say that because the President took this ground,
that the Congress of the United States should
not inquire into the question of the elections,
qualifications, and returns of members here,
but that it should go to each House, as the Con-
stitution directs, therefore he could not vote to
sustain the veto.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I infer it from the fact
that he lays it down precisely, as I understand
him, in this way: that that matter is settled;
he says he has looked into this subject; he is
satisfied about it, and he insists that these men
should be admitted.
Mr. DIXON. I will say in reply to the Sen-
ator that the President says no such thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read his veto message.
Mr. DIXON. I take all his sayings, I take
his annual message to Congress, his last mes-
sage together, and I find he says there that he
brings these men to the doors of Congress in
fact, and that now it, is for Congress, each
House for itself, to decide as to their admission.
He goes on to say, and he has a right to go on
to say, for the Constitution provides that he
shall give us information in regard to the state
of the Union, that he thinks there ought to be
representation on the part of loyal men. But
the Senator and those who think with him (and
if T am mistaken I shall be very glad to be set
right by the Senator) state that those of us who
claim that the Senate shall judge alone arc in
some way letting down the bars, if I may use a
common expression, that we are throwing wide
open the doors of the Senate, that we wish to
admit or may admit traitors into this body,
because Congress docs not act on this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the attention of
the Senator to the language of the President
in the veto message. lie says;
"I would not interfere with the unquestionable
right of Congress to judge, each Ilousctoritsclf. of the
' elect ions, re turns, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers,' but that authority cannot be construed as in-
cluding the right to shutout, in time of ^oaco, any
State from the representation to which it is entitled
by tho Constitution."
The plain inference from which, I take it, is
that that is exactly what Congress is doing.
" At present all tho people of eleven States are ex-
cluded, thosowhowcro most faithful during the war
not less than others. Tho State of Tennessee, for
iiistanco, whoso authorities engaged in the rebellion,
was restored to allhcr constitutional relations to the
Union by tho patriotism and energy of her injured
and betrayed people. Before the war was brought, to
atermmafion theyhad placed themselves inrelations
with tbelJcncial Government, had established aStato
government, of their own, nnd as they were not in-
cluded in tho emancipation proclamation, they by
their own act had amended their constitution so as
to abolish slavery within tho limits of their State. I
know no i onsen why the State of Tennessee, for ex-
ample, should not tully enjoy ' all her constitutional
relations to the United States.' "
There arc some other things in the message
plainly intimating that Congress is attempting
to keep those Slates out.
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator deny the
correctness of that portion of the message?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; but Ideny the cor-
rectness of the inference from it, and what I
suppose to have been in his mind, and what I
think everybody else must see was in his mind,
and that is, that these States are in a condition
to be admitted.
Mr. DIXON. That is what I supposed the
Senator said. The Senator says he does not
deny the correctness of that statement in the
message, but he denies the inference that he
draws from it. The Senator can draw inferences
to a greater extent than most men. It. is enough
for ine if what the President says is correct. I
am not responsible, nor is the President respon-
sible, for the inferences that may be drawn from
it. What does he say ?
"I would not interfere with the unquestionable
right of Congress to judge, each House for itself, ' of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members.' But that authority cannot be construed
as including the right to shut out, in time of peace,
any State from the representation to which it is en-
titled by the Constitution."
The Senator admits the correctness of the
proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DIXON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose that in a time
of peace the Legislature of Tennessee is dis-
loyal and swears allegiance to the Emperor
Maximilian, does the Senator deny the author-_
ity of Congress to inquire into the character of
that Legislature?
Mr. DIXON. I do, and there I come di-
rectly to the point. It is for the Senate, not
for Congress, to make the inquiry if a Senator
from Tennessee in the supposed case presents
himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He denies the authority
of Congress to decide whether the constituency
is traitorous or loyal 1
Mr. DIXON. That is another point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very one I
put. If all the members of the Legislature
of Tennessee swear allegiance to the Emperor
Maximilian and send a Senator here, I want to
know of the Senator from Connecticut if Con-
gress has a right to inquire into the character
of that Legislature?
Mr. DIXON. I will answer that by asking
another question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to be in-
terrupting tho Senator, and before he answers
that question I desire to ask him another.
Mr. DIXON. Let me answer the first before
you ask another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I do not wish to
interrupt the Senator again I desire to say all
I have got to say, and then he can answer all
my questions together.
Mr. DIXON. 1 hope the Senator will not
put two questions at once. I desire to ask the
Senator this question: suppose that was the
case, that the Emperor Maximilian had entire
control of the State of Tennessee, and a person
claiming a right so to do should come here and
offer himself as a member of the Senate, and
should be received here; that, in judging of the
qualifications, returns, and elections of tho
member, the Senate decided that he was a Sen-
ator, has Congress anything to do with the ques-
tion? 1 ask him if the House of Representa-
tives can interfere? Is there an appeal to
Congress, or any other tribunal? I ask him if
that man is not a Senator in spite of the world?
Let the Senator answer that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator means to
ask me if the Senate has not the physical power
to admit anybody, elected or not, I admit they
have the same right to do it that twelve jury-
men would have, against the sworn and uncon-
tradicted testimony of a hundred witnesses, to
bring in a verdict directly against the evidence,
and perjure themselves. 1 suppose we have
the physical power to commit perjury here when
we have sworn to support the Constitution. We
might admit a man here from Pennsylvania
avenue, elected by nobody, as a member of
this Senate ; but we would commit perjury in
doing it, and have no right to do it.
Mr. DIXON. I am not on the question of
right. I am not on the question of moral right
or wrong. I am on the question of power. The
Senator says physical power. So it is in one
sense. W e would tell our Sergeant-at-Arms to
turn out a rejected member, and there it wonld
bo physical power. If we admitted him the
only physical power exerted would be the power
required of him to walk into the Chamber. I
say it is a question of power wholly, and it is
wholly in the Senate of the United States.
Congress may provide by law that a certain
State shall not be represented here, and if the
Senate of the United States sees fit to admit a
member from that State as a Senator, he is a
Senator, and why? Because the Constitution
says that each House shall be the judge of the
elections, qualifications, and returns of its own
