1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
refused to have anything to do with that amend-
ment ?
Mr. PAINE. I do not say that he refuses to
vote for that amendment, but I do understand
Mm—and if [ am mistaken I beg he will cor-
rect me—to have intimated to the Houselhat
notwithstanding that amendment he will vote
-against (his Veteran Reserve corps.
Mr. CONKL1NG. My friend I know will
indulge me in saying that he did misapprehend
me. What. I said was, that I should vote with
pleasure for the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] and should
seek to amend the section still further, if it was
not stricken out, so as to accomplish the ob-
ject which the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
PaikeJ now announces.
Mr. PAINE. I am happy then to under-
stand the gentleman as being willing to vote
for the Veteran Reserve corps if the provision
shall lie so framed as to meet his views.
Mr. CONKLING. If we are going to have
any, I will.
_ Mr. PAINE. Allow me to read this pro-
vision for the Veteran Reserve corps, as it
will stand amended by the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania:
The Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered by
'appointment from any officers and soldiers of volun-
teers or regular troops who have been wounded in
the line of their duty while serving in the Aimy of
•the United States in the late war, or have been dis-
abled by disease contracted in such service, and may
yet be competent for garrison or other duty to which
that corps has heretofore been assigned.
Mr. Speaker, I undertake to say that that pro-
vision is fair to all the wounded officers and sol-
diers of the volunteer and of (he regular Army;
that it embraces them all, and that under this
'provision it will be the duty of the Secretary of
. War and of the President—a duty which they
cannot evade honestly or fairly in reorgan-
izing this corps—to select out of the whole
body of the officers and soldiers wounded or
diseased those who are best fitted to (ill these
regiments. Now, I ask what objection there
can be to that.
I will not detain this House now by discuss-
ing all the arguments of the gentleman as to
whether or not this Veteran Reserve corps
should be established. I believe it is abso-
lutely certain that not only in peace but in war
we must employ a force equal to that embraced
in these regiments for the performance of just
exactly the duties which these men arid those
officers will be fully able to perform. And it
is absolutely necessary that we should retain
them in regimental organizations, and not have
them in detachments or in squads. Then, I
ask, what objections, upon principles of equity
and humanity and justice, can there be if we
undertake at once to provide for this case, and
to discharge a duty of solemn obligation to the
gallant men who have gone through this war,
and suffered in the defense of their ccftmtry,
and for the-maintenance of the national cxist-
o *
ence:
I shall vote to amend, improve, and perfect
this provision, and after that is done I shall
vote to retain it as a principal feature of this
bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I have been greatly im-
pressed by the remarks which have been made
by the distinguished chairman of the Military
Committee, [Mr. Sciienck,] as well as the
remarks o t'other honorable gentlemen who have
sustained this provision of the bill, in regard
to the bravery and valor of the men who are
to bo provided for by this section.
But I have not yet forgotten that we have an
interest sft stake in which thirty million people
aresjnterested, far greater and above the mere
interest which may be contemplated by this
bill for the benefit and advancement of those
who have been wounded in the late war. Now,
I am as willing as any man in this House to
accord to the brave and gallant soldiers every
effort to reward them for the duties which they
have performed upon the field of battle, which
may be within the legitimate sphere of our
action. Bat while I am willing to accord to
them all that we owe to them. I still remember
that we have a great country at stake, and that
we are here to-day deliberating for the purpose
of establishing an army for the whole country,
to represent thirty million people, an army
that some day may be marshaled against the
combined forces and hordes of Europe, that
may attempt to tramjde upon our rights.
But the interests of this particular class of
men, the particular claims that they have upon
the community, must give way to the interests
of the people at large. We must not allow
our feelings and prejudices in favor of these
men to so warp our judgments as to lead us to
legislate against the best interests of the coun-
try, merely because these men have exhibited
bravery and valor upon the field of battle and
have been wounded.
Sir, as much bravery, as much valor, as much
patriotism as were ever exhibited upon the
field of battle in any countiy, whether upon
this continent or upon any other, have been
exhibited during the late war by men who were
not wounded at all. And because men in the
discharge of their duty may have received
wounds that is no particular evidence of their
bravery over those whose bravery undaunted
defied the bullets that have whirled around
them, whoso bravery in battle was evinccd in
the most determined manner, and yet who had
the good fortune to escape any wounds what-
ever.
Now, those persons who have been fortunate
enough to obtain positions in this Veteran
Reserve corps took them with the distinct
understanding—at least I so understood it, and
I think almost every one so understood it—
that that Veteran Reserve organization was
merely for a temporal'}' purpose ; and because
they have had the benefits of those places for
two or three years of bloody warfare, without
being exposed to the dangers to which other
soldiers have been exposed, that is no reason
why we should pass this class legislation in
their favor, when they embrace not more tliau
one out of twenty of the wounded soldiers ,of
the Union Army.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does not the gentleman
know that the text, of the bill does not confine
it to this Veteran Reserve corps?
Mr. ROGERS. That is the meaning of the
bill and the only construction which can be
put upon it. If the intention is not to give an
advantage to the Veteran Reserve corps why
say that the officers shall be taken from their
ranks? AVhy is it that the body of the Reserve
corps to be established by virtue of this bill
shall be taken from the body of the Reserve
corps as it existsat this time? Now. 1 say that
this bill will authorize the officers of the Re-
serve corps as it now exists to take the places
in these ten regiments, while that other body
of wounded men. twenty times as huge, who
have been so unfortunate as not to get into the
Veteran Reserve corps, arc entiiely excluded
from the benefits of the Reserve corps to be
'established by this bill.
For one I am unwilling to make this dis-
crimination between those who have not had
the benefit of the Reserve or Invalid corps
and those who have had it. I assert, without
fear of contradiction, that the present Reserve
corps, or the highest maximum number of it
at any time during the war, would not consti-
tute more than one tweutieth of the wounded
soldiers of the Union ^nny. Why should we
make this class legislation here? These per-
sons have been protected and taken care of by
the Federal Government during three years of
war merajftbecause they happened to have the
good fortune to get in this Reserve corps, while
twenty times as many men who were not so
fortunate and who were exposed to the same
risks of battle are not provided for by this bill.
But I am mainly opposed to this bill for a
graver and greater consideration, and that is
for the interests of the country. I am not .
willing to do anything here for the benefit of
these men that will destroy the iaoralc ol the
American Army and impair its efficiency. No
instance can be pointed out in the history of
the world, from the time of Alexander the
Great down to the present time, where, in the
organization of a great army, an invalid corps
has been provided for in the v§ry commence-
ment.
Sir, I say that all history will b.e false if it be
true that it is to the best interest of any country,
at the formation of ah army,'to incorporate
into that army a body of men who are recog-
nized before they enter the army as unfit to do
the great work of military duty for the protec-
tion of the country when an invasion may come
upon it or an insurrection may break out in it.
Now, I am in favor of paying these men lib-
erally in the way in which the Government has
always provided for its soldiers in such cases.
It is enough to put them on an equality .with
the. other soldiers and officers of the . Army,
with the other brave men who have shown de-
termination and valor equally with them, with-
out making this particular class legislation, and
without specifying and picking out these indi-
viduals as the ones who are to have particular
consideration from the Government, by placing
them in this Reserve corps and, making it a
part of the permanent organization of the Amer-
ican Army. ■ •
As was remarked by the learned ancl elo-
quent gentleman from New York, [Mr. CoXK;
ling, ] cases will arise fast enough by accidents
and sickness and wounds received in the 'ser-
vice to constitute a corps of this kind in the
Army, without providing for such a corps at
the outset. You cannot point to the legisla-
tion of any country in the world where hereto-
fore provision has been made in the formation
of an army, that ten, twenty, or any other num-
ber of regiments should be composed and con-
stituted of men unable to do the most important
military duty.
Why, sir, I have understood from military
men, in conversation with them, that they want
able-bodied men in the Army, men able and
ready at any time when invasion may coma
upon the country on a sudden, when we have
not time to prepare for war, before volunteers
can be called out—that they may have able-
bodied and efficient men to advance to the pro-
tection of the country at once, and that is the
object and intent of the formation of a regular
army in this country.
When our Constitution provided that Con-
gress should have power to raise and maintain
an army, it had reference only to the raising
and maintaining of a regular army; and it is
a fact which the history of all countries in all
times attests that a standing army, which is to
be called upon in emergencies for the defense
of the country, should be composed of able-
bodied men, competent to render effective ser-
vice.
But, sir, it is enough for me to know that
General Grant, General Sherman. General
Meade, and General Thomas have all given
the weight of their opinion against the forma-
tion of any such corps as tins. Sir, I have
confidence in the patriotism and the sagacious
judgment of these officers. I do not pretend
to be a military man; 1 have never been in the
Army; but as one of the Representatives of
the people of this great country, i am ready to
accept the views of those who :ire better quali-
fied than 1 am to determine what is best cal-
culated to promote the oUic-ionl organization
of the Army of the United States. 1 am satis-
fied that the advice given In such men as these
is prompted by the purest motives and the
highest wisdom ; and 1 am willing to be guided
by that advice.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Will the gentleman from
New Jersey yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. ROGERS. 1 have only three minutes
of my time remaining, and 1 cannot yield.
Besides, sir, this very question has been under
consideration in theSenateotYne United States.
The Army bit! as first presented there con-
tained a section similar to this. But the com-
mittee of the Senate, to whom that -bill was
referred, struck out the whole section with
regard to the A eteran Reserve corps; and sub-
sequently two thirds of the Senate voted against
inserting in the bill any" such provision as that
