1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the same ground. As to the proper decision to 
be reached they stand on very different grounds.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose tlie House of Rep-
resentatives should decide the other way, and
refuse to admit Representatives from South
Carolina while the Senate admitted its Sena-
tors here, what would be the condition then,
would the State be in the Union, or where
would it be? Would it be in nubibus ?
Mr. DIXON. That is possible; we may
admit Senators while the House refuses to
admit Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will pardon
me. What would be the legal and constitu-
tional condition of South Carolina in that
event?
Mr. DIXON. I think the constitutional and
legal condition of South Carolina would in that
case be precisely what it is now. I do not think
it would alter it in the slightest degree if this
body should admit Senators and the House of
Representatives should refuse to admit Repre-
sentatives. I do not know that that would
affect the character of South Carolina as a legal
question. Take the Senator's own State-
Mr. HOWARD. Lot me put my own ques-
tion, if the Senator will pardon me. It involves
this point, as the Senator will see, whether the
war, as an existing state of things, has had any
effect to change the political status and rcla-
. t.ious of the people of South Carolina as a po-
litical community, which we commonly call a
State, or has it had no such effect?
Mr. DIXON. L would not say that it had no
effect, f never have taken that ground.
Mr. HOWARD, iiutwhat effect has it had,
if it had nnv ?
Mr. DIXON. There may be a difference of
opinion on that point,. I think, notwithstand-
ing, that South Carolina is still a State in the
Union. That is my doctrine and always has
been. I think that Tennessee is a State in the
Union. 1 think I hat there never was a moment,
when they were not Slates, and when, if every
citizen of those States had become repentant,
and t.lioy had come here and been received, and
you had been satisfied that, Lhey were entirely
repentant, it would not have been perfectly
competent, proper to say to those States, " You
shall have your representation without a re-
admission." Now, if the Senator suggests thai
there is no difference between Iowa and South
Carolina, or Michigan and South Carolina, T
do not, lake that ground ; but I say that South
Carolina does not need readniission into this
Union. Probably that is about the. difference
between us. I consider theiri somewhat in the
condition of a man and wife who have sepa-
rated for a period of years and who then come
together, they nerd not remai n and they do
not. If that may be made an illustration, 1 do
not. think there is a readmission of the rebel
Sfaks necessary ; I do not think remarriage is
necessary. 1 think they are still in the eye of
the law and the Constitution States; and pro-
vided the public safety in the opinion of the
Senate will permit it, these members will prop-
erly be readmitted to seats in this body. ISut
it does not, follow from this that, the strictest
examination should not be, made into all the
circumstances ot their condition, an examina-
tion which the Senate is fully competent to
make. This is t he constitutional tribunal where
it should be made.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Can we not inquire what
they have been doing in the mean time?
.Mr. DIXON. Individuals in the rebel States
have been fighting as there may have been fight-
ing in the ca.ie I put. Now, sir, I never could
see any great difliculty in this subject, but for
the question of slavery and the question of ne-
gro suffrage. If these Statis were now inhab-
ited by citizens of Connecticut and citizens of
.Maine and citizens of \v'est Virginia, who
would raise a question that they needed read-
inisMon? You would admit their representa-
tives, in my judgment, at once. I think the
Senator from Massachusetts would to-day re-
ceive them if they would allow negro suffrage.
Universal suffrage. I think, would satisfy him ;
and if that were allowed, he would not demand
their readmission as States before allowing them
representation.
But, sir, let us come back to the point. The
Senator from Maine says that those of us who
take this ground are in some way remiss; that
we propose in some manner to diminish and
lessen the force of safeguards in this body. It
is not for us to say where the jurisdiction shall
be. It is established by the Constitution. If
the Senate is made the body to decide, how
can we help it? The Senator says that lie de-
sires to preserve the independence of the Sen-
ate. He wishes to keep it in the power of the
Senate ; and what does he do ? I beg leave to
call attention to what the remedy of the Sen-
ator from Maine is. How is it that he proposes
to preserve the independence of the Senate
upon this question ? He has here a joint res-
olution, or rather a concurrent resolution, pro-
viding that no member shall be admitted into
either body without an act of Congress. The
object of this is to preserve the independence
of the Senate! How does he do it? By pro-
viding that we shall not admit a member into
this body until the law-making power—and, in
a certain contingency, until the law-making
power by a two-thirds vote—shall consent to it.
Does that preserve the independence of the
Senate? He proposes to place this possibly
in the power of the President of the United
States by a veto. It is not very likely that the
President of the United States would veto an
act of Congress allowing representation here
or in the other House ; but I do not know that
he might not veto a bill readmitting those
States. Perhaps ho might feel that it was
against settled principles. 1 do not know how
that is; but suppose he does. The Senator
says the independence of the Senate is to bo
preserved, and he places it in the power of a
single nian by a veto, at any time and at all
times, to exclude a member from this body!
I cannot see how the independence of the
Senate is lo bo preserved in that way. Sir,
what is this resolution?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator evidently
does not understand the resolution. He has
not read it carefully.
Mr. DIXON. 1 have examined it critically.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is "until Congress
shall have declared" the State entitled lo rep-
resentation. That, does not necessarily involve
a law.
Mr. DIXON. Is not a declaratory law a
law? What is Congress but the law-making
power?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may "declare" it
by a concurrent resolution, as this is.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator" insists on a
several resolution, why not have several action
in other respects ? 1 f he will agree not only to
several instead of joint resolutions but several
instead of joint acts, and will insert in his resolu-
tion ''each Ilouse for itself," making it several
throughout, I will agree to the resolution. My
objection to it is that it is joint.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. It does not go to the
President, necessarily.
Mr. DIXON. 1 agree this resolution does
nol go to him; but an act of Congress goes to
the President.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. It does not say "an
act of Congress.''
Mr. DIXON. What does it say?
That in order to close agitation upon a question
which seem* likely to disturb the action of the Gov-
ernment, as well as to quiet the uncertainty which is
asjit a ting the minds of the people of the eleven States
which have beendcclaicd lobe in insurrection, no
I Senator or Representative shall be admitted into
either branch of Congress from any of said States
until Congress shall have declared such Statoentitlod
to such representation.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. It may so declare by a
resolution like the one before us.
Mr. DIXON. Thatis not an aetof Congress.
If it, is an act of Congress you must have the
approval of the President, Your evasion of
the President's action in this case is because
it is not an act of Congress; it is the act of
cuch House by itself. Can you avoid the right
of the President of the United States to con-
cur or non-concur in every act of Congress?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not a concurrent
resolution, if we pass it, the act of Congress?
I do not say " an act of Congress."
Mr. DIXON. It is not an act of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it not the act of
Congress?
Mr. DIXON. No; it is not tlie act of Con-
gress.
The Senator says that this resolution is not
an act of Congress, is not the action of Con-
gress. I do not say that it is. The resolution
itself, I think, is so shaped as possibly not to
be the action of Congress. Why ? Because it
is several; it is not joint. I think there is a
very great doubt whether the Senator has
evaded the Constitution by this, although I
agree he has come very near it, and possibly
has done it. But I am not now talking of this
resolution, whether this is a law of Congress
or not; but I am speaking of the action of
Congress to which it refers, which it antici-
pates, which it contemplates. It provides that
no member shall be admitted into either branch
of Congress from such State "until Congress
shall have declared" the State entitled to rep-
resentation. Will the Senator deny that that
requires an act of Congress?
How can Congress declare a thing? Can
Congress declare that a certain State is not en-
titled to representation except in due form of
legislation? Nobody will contend for that.
When the Constitution says that Congress shall
do so and so, it means that the law-making
power may do it; and you may here«substi-
tute "the law-making power" for "Congress"
without altering the meaning in the slightest
degree, "shall be admitted into either branch
of Congress from any of said States until the
law-making power shall have declared such
State entitled to such representation."
I desire to ask the Senator if that is not the
moaning. This resolution I do not claim is
an act of Congress, nor do I consider it the
action of Congress, but of each House; but
that is immaterial. I say this means precisely
as if it was written, "shall be admitted into
either branch of Congress from any of said
States until the law-making power shall have
declared such State entitled to such represen-
tation."
What is the law-making power? It is the
two Houses of Congress and the President.
'That, is the position we are placed in by this
resolution, if it amounts to anything ;*1 agree
it docs not, but if it is of binding force you
neycr can admit a member into this body until
the President of the United States shall sign
fhe bill, unless you can do it by a two-thirds
vote over his veto. That is the mode in which
the Senate desires lo preserve the independ- "
encc of the Senate. I confess, again, I cannot
see it in that light.
But what is this resolution? I have a few
comments to make on it. It is very singular
in its inception and in its character. It was
introduced in the other House with the decla-
ration .that it was in consequence of the veto
message, and a great leader there stated that
he should have been willing to admit members
from Tennessee, if I am not very much mista-
ken, but for that veto message. And what does
the veto message saj;? That the President of
the United States desired such admission. That
lcaderwas willingto admit representation from
Tennessee if the President of the United States
had not expressed his desire for it. That is
the whole of it. I take the chairman of our
joint committee at his word ; I think that was
the reason; and I must say hare upon my re-
sponsibility that I do not think it a good reason.
It is not a good reason for refusing repiesenta-
tion to a State, that the President of the Uni-
ted States desires it, even if he expresses his
desire in a manner which some may consider
somewhat objectionable.
The Constitution says he shall give us infor-
mation of the state of the Uniojp It is his duty
to do it. He has done it. He nas told ns eon-
