2964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
respect, I sliall vote for its adoption, although
I should be glad to go further.
The substitute for the third section, which
we have adopted, disables the leaders of the
rebellion, both civil and military, from holding
office unless restored by act of Congress. Can
the South, can the men who are thus disabled,
complain of this? Were ever men who had
been guilty of armed rebellion against tlieir law-
ful Government treated with such lenity? The
history of the world shows no parallel of mercy
like this. Never before was there a rebellion
of half the magnitude of this, I might say of a
hundredth part the magnitude of this, that the
streets did not run with the blood of the offend-
ers. A war without cause, or pretended cause,
except that the opposite party had carried the
election in a constitutional way, which resulted
in killing and disabling probably half a million
men on our side, involving us in a debt of
§3,000,000,000 to burden us and our children
after as, and we exact as a penalty for it, and
as a measure of safety for ourselves, that the
leaders, instead of being hung, shall not hold
ofiice unless Congress shall for their good be-
havior or other cause remove the restriction.
What if they were the subjects of a political
delusion? What if they had been taught that
a State had the constitutional power to secede?
Have not all rebellions had as good a founda-
tion, and those who were hanged for it been as
sincere in their belief in the justice of their
cause as any man in this rebellion was? This
has never been regarded as any answer to the
legal liability. If a man or set of men make
war against their Government, they do it at the
peril of making the war successful or of taking
the legal consequences.
If when the rebellion was over we had ?aid to
every man engaged in it, ■' We will allow you
to retain your life and your property, but you
shall never par, icipaic in the Government of
the country you have attempted to destroy, by
voting or holding office,'' it would have been all
they could have expected or had any right to
expect. This is the basis upon which Mary-
land, Missotui, and other States have settled
it for themselves.
But we leave thegreat mass utterly untouched,
and the leaders with their lives, their prop-
erty, the full enjoyment of all their civil rights
and prhilogo?, with the right of voting for all
officers, both State and national, with the single
restriction they shall not hold ofiice. The dis-
proportion between the cause and the conse-
quence is so great as to almost make it ridicu-
lous. I know it is said that this is a measure
so har-h and severe that it will not be accepted
by the South. Bat I do not believe so; on the
contrary, I believe it will be acceptable to the
masses, that they will consider it a very easy
atonement, and that if there is anything like
punishment in it, it falls where it is deserved.
If there be any included in this class (as it is
agreed there may be) who were really forced
into the rebellion against their will, it will be
very easy to procure absolution by making the
fact appear to Congress.
The remaining propositions of amendment,
declaring the sacred and inviolable character
of our national obligations, and the illegality
and invalidity of the rebel debt, and of any com-
pensation for the slaves who have been freed,
admit of no doubt as sound propositions in
themselves. The only question that can be
made upon them is the propriety or necessity
of incorporating them into the fundamental
law. For myself, 1 think that although these
may in a certain sense be said to be matters of
a temporary character, stiil they involve inter-
ests of such immense magnitude that.it is proper
they should be settled in the most solemn and
enduring mode, and that their incorporation
into the Constitution will save disputes and
wrangling hereafter.
Mr. President, it has been said that all these
proposed amendments, as a whole, as a gen-
era! plan for the restoration of these States,
will not be acceptable to them, and that they
will not adopt them, or at least that they will
not do it willingly; and if they adopt them at
all it will only he under a kind of coercion and
because they cannot otherwise obtain what they
seek ; and that we have no right to secure even
l proper amendments in that way.
It seems to me that this plan, as a whole, is
characterized by so much moderation and for-
bearance that it cannot fail to commend itself
to the people of these States so that they will
readily and freely give it their sanction. _ But,
sir, if it be true that they are not satisfied with it,
and will only adopt it to secure their return
to share in the national power, I am so well
satisfied that this plan contains nothing but
what we have the right to insist on, and which
justice to the nation requires, that I should
feel no hesitation in saying kindly, but firmly,
"You must acquiesce in these amendments
before we will permit you to take part in the
administration of the General Government."
There is nothing new in this, either. Did these
States accept the amendment abolishing slavery
willingly—a much more important matter to
them than anything contained in these proposi-
tions? Did they declare their ordinances of
secession null and void or declare the rebel
debt invalid willingly? We know they did not,
but only because the President required it of
them. Has any one ever blamed the Presi-
dent or thought he was unjust to the South in
these requirements ? If the people of the na-
tion, through their representatives, believe that
something more should justly be required, they
have the equal right and should exercise the
right to demand it.
We should not exercise our power to make
any unjust demand, but what is just and right
to exact we should be wanting in our duty if
wo fail to have done.
Mr. President, it is a matter of great satis-
faction to me that at last, after so much and
so anxious deliberation, it appears so proba-
ble that Congress will be able to present a
plan upon which the requisite majorities of
both Houses will be able to agree, and espe-
cially when as a whole this plan commends
itself so well to my own judgment of what is
right.
It is known that some differences of opinion
have existed between Congress and the Exec-
utive on this subject.
Great differences have existed among our-
selves ; many opinions have had to yield to
enable us to agree upon a plan. If we are so
fortunate, as I trust we shall be, to pass these
propositions by the requisite majorities, al-
though they may not in all respects correspond
with the views of the President, I believe he
will feel it to be his patriotic duty to acquiesce
in the plan proposed, and give his powerful
influence and support to procure their adop-
tion. We are all aiming at the same grand
result, the difference is rather in the choice of
modes and means to attain it. We are all, I
trust, actuated by the same high motives of
patriotism, and all desire to see all these States
again acting harmoniously together. In a
matter of such grave importance, with no pre-
cedents for our action, with no guide in the
Constitution but that furnished by its general
spirit and purpose, it is not singular that great
diversity of ideas should exist. In such case
| opinions must yield to some extent, or else
' nothing could be agreed or settled, and all
would be anarchy. 1 will not allow myself to
believe that these measures will not, under the
circumstances, receive the sincere support of
the President, although he may not believe
them perfect.
Mr. President, there are men who believe
we are now on the verge of ruin, and that we
shall never again become a united and har-
monious people. But, sir, I believe they are
either cowards or croakers, who always see
the dark side of the picture. For myself, I
see no such cause of alarm. To me every-
thing looks hopeful for the future. We have
just gone through the greatest war the world
has ever seen. An unparalleled social revo-
! lution has taken place in the South—three or
' four million people turned from slaves into a
free people.
That in so short atimeafterthesegrcatcvcnts
so much of order and quietness and obedience
to law should exi-1 is astonishing. The world
never witnessed i's parallel. We did not ex-
pect it ourselves before the close of the war,
but now we are impatient and troubled because
it is not better. Time alone will smooth and
allay the stormy v, aves of excitement and pas-
sion caused by such momentous events. To
me, sir, a great and glorious future is opening
for our country. Slavery, the great blight ana
curse that has hung upon us, is ended forever.
The South, so long retarded by it, will be
opened and expanded by the influence of free
labor and free institutions. A new agriculture
will enrich and beautify her fields. Commerce
and manufactures will build up busy towns and
carry thrift and wealth along her great rivers.
All causes of discord between North aud South
being over, we shall become a homogeneous
nation of free men, dwelling together in peace
and unity. United and wholly free, our power
would awe the world. I hope to live to see
the day when all will agree that this great war
which has destroyed slavery, severe and bur-
densome as it was to this generation, was yet
one of those "blessings in disguise" sent by
the Great Kuler of all which proved the very
salvation of the nation.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, as I shall
vote for the plan agreed upon among my polit-
ical friends, it is proper that I should make a
biief statement of my reasons. While it is not
the plan that I would have adopted, as is well
known, still it is the best that I can get, and
contains many excellent provisions. It repudi-
ates the rebel debt and affirms the sacred obli-
gation of the nation to pay the debt contracted
in preservation of the Union. It does not
base representation on voters, which I pre-
ferred, but it approximates it more nearly than
any other plan presented, and recognizes the
principle that a white man in the North is en-
titled to equal representation with a white man
in the South. It declares that all men are en-
titled to life, liberty, and property, and imposes
upon the Government the duty of discharging
these solemn obligations, but fails to adopt the
easy and direct means for the attainment of the
results proposed. It refuses the aid of four
million people in maintaining the Government
of the people. It involves freedmen's bureaus,
civil rights bills, test oaths, and exclusion from
office, all supported by military power. I would
not object to these, for I recognize the obliga-
tion of full protection for all men, if there were
no cheaper, easier, and better plan for the
attainment of this worthy object. But the rea-
sons why I can support this plan are, that it
recognizes the obligations, which I hold sacred,
and does not preclude Congress from adopting
other means by a two-thirds vote, when ex-
perience shall have demonstrated, as it cer-
tainly will, the necessity for a change of policy.
In fact it furnishes a conclusive argument in
favor of universal amnesty and impartial suf-
frage. The longer the North strives to protect
the negro and the white loyalists of the South
from sure violence at the hands of rebels by
military power, supported by grievous taxa-
tion, with increasing danger of a consolidated
and despotic Government, the more clearly
will the necessity appear of returning to first
principles, and according the ballot to all men.
It is not the first time that the black man's aid
has been spurned by this Government, and it
will not be the first time that necessity has
driven us to avail ourselves of his support.
While his labor was added to the power of
treason traitors were triumphant: when it 'was
subtracted and added to the material resources
of the Government the Union forces were vic-
torious. While his political power is ignored
or added to disloyalty free government in the
South is impossible. When it is withdrawn
from rebels and pdded to the loyal forces the
Union and republican institutions will be safe.
The utter impossibility of a final solution of
the difficulties by the means proposed will
cause the North to clamor for suffrage. Test
oaths, exclusion from office, and military rule
