20(H
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
April 17,
contained in the bill reported by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I am satisfied that the members of the Senate,
in taking this action, were actuated by con-
siderations of duty and a regard to the best
interests of the country, guided by the knowl-
edge which they had derived from leading mil-
itary men.
However much regard, therefore, I may have
for the members of this corps on account of
the bravery which they have shown, I am not
willing, with all the light we have on this ques-
tion, to jeopard the interests of the country for
one instant for the sake of advancing the wel-
fare of any one class of people in this country.
Sir, these men ought to be provided for, and
the Government is able to take care of them;
and I am for inaugurating measures that will
break down this Freedmen's Bureau system,
this refugee system, and' this provost marshal
system, seeking at every man's heels for his
blood; and I am ready to vote for spending the
money of the Government in earing for the
soldiers. But do not let us undertake, in this
indirect way, regardless of the interests of the
country, to provide for these men. Let us be
liberal in appropriations of money for their
support, but when we are organizing an army
for the defense of the country, lot us seek to
insure the efficiency of that army.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. For my part,
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of a certain kind of
class legislation. I am in favor of legislation
for the benefit of that class of persons who are
the survivors of those that have lost their lives
in the defense of the country. I am in favor,
also, of legislation for the benefit of those who
have suffered wounds or incurred disability in
the service of their country. I am in favor of
such class legislation. And, Mr. Speaker, my
"objection to the provision of this bill with ref-
erence to the Veteran Reserve corps is that it
should, in my judgment, be extended so as to
include more of these men who have been
wounded or partially disabled in the service,
provided they are able to discharge the duties
required of them.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that the House will
observe that all the gentlemen who oppose this
Veteran Reserve corps, however much sym-
pathy they may profess for the officers and sol-
diers who have rendered faithful service, finally
settle down in their remarks to the point made
hy the gentleman from New Jersey that they
are opposed to any of the wounded men being
in the Army. Because General Grant has ex-
pressed the opinion that able-bodied officers
should be placed on duty in the far West and
in the South, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Coxklixg] attempting to support himself
by that opinion, argues in favor of giving all
the easy places to the able-bodied officers of
the regular Army, while I contend that the easy
positions should be given to the wounded and
disabled soldiers who have so nobly fought for
their country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the only question
that is here for discussion is whether a wounded
officer or soldier shall have the " soft places"
in the Army, the duties of which they can.dis-
charge as well as the most able-bodied officers
and soldiers.
It has been suggested that these men should
retire from the Army upon t.heir pensions.
Now, sir, I do not want them to be put in the
position of pensioners taking money from the
Government when doing nothing, while they
can discharge the duties of very many places
where we now have able-bodied officers. Men
in the Veteran Reserve corps if discharged
would only get eight dollars pension whereas
they now have full pay and are on duty; and
the officers, numbering some three hundred
and more, who now get full pay, would only get
pensions from seventeen to thirty dollars.
The gentleman wants to know how we are
to get rid of them. Let them be distributed
to the States and Territories according to the
number of troops raised. Of the three hundred
officers of the Veteran Reserve corps one hun-
dred and twenty-nine came from the State of
New York. Under the distribution suggested,
her share would be thirty-two. The others we
can easily fill up from the western States.
And it must be recollected that one of the
objections to the Veteran Reserve corps is that
it was not distributed fairly, and not because
members are opposed to providing for wounded
officers and men. The 'hill corrects that. It
provides there shall bo a fair distribution of
wounded men in this corps and not to turn
them all out.
For my own part I am in favor of providing
this for these wounded officers and men. I hold
in my hand a letter from a wounded soldier of
my own regiment, asking and praying for this
as a boon. I will read it:
"General, you know I have served my country as
a faithful soldier, from the beginning of the war until
the ending, and all I ask of it is merely to give me a
situation in the Army as a soldier. You know your
reginjeat was through many a hard-fought battle,
that I never was absent from one except when
wounded. I now bear the sears of thirteen wounds,
and I want a place as a soldier if I can get it."
Mr. Speaker, it is for the wounded soldiers
as well as the wounded officers I want a Vet-
eran Reserve corps. It is because we have
wounded officers and soldiers that a Veteran
Reserve corps is necessary.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to call the pre-
vious question on this section after making a
remark or two in behalf of the committee.
I am determined we shall not be misunder-
stood. I am determined to correct a misrepre-
sentation which has been insisted on although
again and again corrected. I do it by saying
this: the Committee on Military Affairs had
no idea of framing any bill providing for this
Veteran Reserve corps except by making
appointments to it from the wounded officers
from all arms of the service, at least so far as
volunteers are concerned. More than that, I
am willing it should be extended to include the
regular Army.
I will give notice to this House that no oppo-
sition will be made, but on the contrary my
entire approval given to an amendment such as
is proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia and the gentleman from Wisconsin—in the
fifth section, that the language shall be altered
so as to read that the Veteran Reserve corps
shall be officered from any officers and soldiers
of the volunteers and of the regular Army who
have been wounded during the late wai . I am
determined there shall be no misapprehension
about this, so that when gentlemen vote to
strike out the provision for the Veteran Reserve
corps I want it to be understood they are voting
to strike it out with the distinct understanding
that the officers are to be selected from all arms
of the service, officers and privates.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will go a little further, and provide
for the apportioning of the appointments to be
made among the several States. It is said the
appointments shall be made to the effect that
the public interest shall be subserved. The,
Veteran Reserve corps being in the service now
they would of course be selected according to
these dictates of public interest. If it be pro-
vided that these officers shall be apportioned
among the several States as nearly as possible,
I will, for one, vote for it,
Mr. SCHENCIC. I have no objection to
that. There is virtually a provision "as nearly
as the public service will warrant."
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. There is the
point.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman may move
an amendment when we come to that section.
We thought when we provided thafcjiese ap-
pointments should be made proportionately
among the States we were doing about as well
as ^ve could. We could not cut a man in two.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question in relation to the reorganization of
the Army. I would like to know what was the
proportion of the regular Army officers who
served in the war compared with the volunteer
officers belonging not only to the Veteran Re-
serve corps but to other branches of the Army,
who distinguished themselves and showed them-
selves equally efficient upon the field and in
discipline.' And I would suggest whether it
would not be fair to give to all such officers a
fair chance.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is so much a matter
of history that I shall not undertake to answer
it. I will only say that we shall have to depend
upon the statistics furnished at the other end
of the avenue, and I do not know but each
man hjd better make up his own table as to
the comparative merits of volunteers and reg-
ulars. 1 move the previous question.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have an amendment that
I wish to offer before this section is disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will withdraw my de-
mand for the previous question so as to allow
it to be read.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to state that by a
bill which passed this House a few days since,
the law on the statute-book depriving pension-
ers of their pension during the time they were
employed by the Government was changed.
Now, if this bill should pass and this Veteran
Reserve corps should be constituted, the offi-
cers and soldiers in that corps would receive
their pensions. Therefore I propose to insert
in line eight, after the word "corps," as fol-
lows :
And pensions of all officers appointed to the Vet-
cran Reserve corps, to privates enlisted in said corps,
to eeasc from their appointment or enlistment.
Mr. SCHENCK. That does not properly
belong here. I would rather not see it inserted
in this bill. It is the law now. I insist upon
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Davis to strike out of section four
the following:
Of ten regiments to be raised and officered as here-
inafter provided for, to be called the Yeteran Reserve
corps.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment',
it was decided in the negative—yeas 30^ nays
84, not voting 69 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Benjamin, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Conkling,
Davis, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Edwin N. HubbeW,
Jenckes, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough Mcituer,
Nicholson, Phelps, Rittcr, Rogers, Shanklin, Taber,
Van Aernam, Elihu B. Washburne, and James F.
Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Glarke, Coffroth,
Cook, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Eckley,
"Eggleston, Kliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grider.IIale, Abner
G. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Ilolmes, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hxilburtl, James M.
Humphrey. Ingersoll, Julian, Kellcy, Kotchara. Kuy-
kendall, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead. Morris, Myers, Newell,
Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson. Pcrham,
Price, Bamuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, J ohn H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Schenck, Scofteld,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stev^hs, Stilwell,
Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Ilenry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, W'lliams, Windora, and Woodbridge—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Banks, Bergen, Blow, Bromwell,
Bundy, Chanler, Cobb, Cullom, Culver, Darling,
Dawes, Dawson, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Dumont,Farquhar, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart,,
Higby, Hill,Hogan, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Demas Hub-
bard, John II. Ilubbard, James 11. Hubbell, James
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr,
Lafiin, Latham. George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence. Le Blond, Mclndoe, McKee, Moirill, Moul-
ton, Noell, Pike. Plants, Pomeroy, Radiord, Alex-
ander II. R^fe, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Strouse. Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Warner,
Wentworth, Whaley, Stephon F. Wilson, Winfieid,
and Wright—69.
So the amendment was not agreed to. ^
Mr. SCHBNCIv moved to reconsider the
vote by which Mr. Davis's amendment was
rejected ] and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be hud upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The fifth section was then read, as follows:
Sec. o. And be it further enacted, That the officers
of the thirty-seven regiments of infantry, first pro-
vided for in the foregoing section, shall consist of
those now commissioned and serving therewith, sub-
