1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8925
out of it, but this is a question that has been
before this body for the last six months. I
introduced a resolution months ago calling on
the Committee on Finance to investigate this
whole subject and report to us, not alone in
regard -to the disbursing officers, but in regard
to everybody else. If they thought it was im-
proper for such a law as that to pass, why did
they hot make a report to us on the subject?
s- Mr. SHERMAN. I can answer that. I can
state that in connection with this banking diffi-
culty there was the difficulty of withdrawing
or rather of redistributing the national bank-
ing currency. That was the principal question
upon which there was great difficulty and great
difference of opinion. I introduced a propo-
sition here and sent it to the Committee on
Finance; the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senjieu] also introduced a proposition, and
they were all considered. Finally, my friend
from West Virginia [Mr. Van Winkle] intro-
duced a proposition covering these points; but
we were not able to agree. In the mean time
a bill had been maturing in the House, and it
was deemed best to let the matter stand until
that bill came to us, to see if some system
could be adopted with a view to diversify the
national banking currency, and also to limit,
restrain, and regulate deposits.
Mr. GRIMES. According to the last report
that I read, there were between forty-seven and
forty-eight millions of the public money depos-
ited^:! the different banks. Most of this money
was in the great commercial centers, princi-
pally in New York, Boston, and Philadelphia.
There is riot much public money deposited in
the country banks. This provision, if it be
adopted, will not apply to them. It will only
apply to those cities where there is a public
United States sub-Treasury established by law ;
and I should like to know what the Senator
from Ohio means when he speaks about one
Of these collectors being compelled to travel
fifteen or twenty miles in order to make a de-
posit?
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that. I
said to the neighborhood of the Park; and
the Senator will see that the collector cannot
deposit anything in the sub-Treasury except
United States notes, legal-tender notes. He
cannot deposit national bank notes.
Mr. GRIMES. Then let the Senator amend
his law. Let him authorize the sub-Treasury
to receive national bank notes.
Mr. SHERMAN". That would be a very
dangerous and very embarrassing thing.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the Senator was
the Senator who carried the banking law through
this body, and I trust he did not induce us to
adopt any banking system here by which the
Government would be injured if it should
receive the notes of those banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The United States must
pay its debts always with United States notes,
legal-tender notes, when demanded, and has
no right to deal with others.
Mr. GRIMES. As I was saying, the amounts
deposited in the country banks are small. The
Treasurer makes it a rule not to allow a balance
of more than $00,000 to remain in their hands.
The bulk of this large amount of money,
$47,000,000, is in the large cities. It is used
there as the basis upon which the banks make
discounts; and the purpose with which the
banks seek to hold these deposits is to inflate
the currency, to do the very thing which I
understand it is the purpose of this Govern-
ment to avoid so far as it may be practicable.
I may be mistaken, but 1 should think we had
had a warning by the occurrences of the last
few months here in this city in this regard. I
should think that when a bank, right under
the eyes of the Treasury Department, explodes
in the manner in which the National Merchants'
Bank of Washington did, holding some half a
million of the public money in its hands, from
which I understand the Government will not
realize one farthing, that should be a sufficient
warning to us in regard to the proper meth-
ods in which we should dispose of the public
deposits.
Some inquiry was made of me just before I
rose to speak, as to what was the scope of this
provision. It does not affect any banks except
those within the corporate limits of the cities
where there are sub-Treasuries. It is said that
it will be some inconvenience to men to pro-
cure greenbacks with which to pay their taxes.
I do not believe it. If it be, then I am in favor
of withdrawing more of your national currency
and issuing more of your greenbacks, if they
are better than your national currency. That
is the way to obviate that. I voted against your
national banking system. I voted against every
amendment to it. I believed that the true sys-
tem was to issue your greenbacks. I did not
believe there could be any better security than
they. But now after you have gone on and
created your national banks, when we propose
to render the Treasury perfectly secure and
safe by providing that the public money shall
not be deposited with the national banks but
shall be deposited with the sub-Treasuries, the
argument is presented to us that we ought not
to allow this national currency to be received
in the discharge of public dues, and nothing
except the national Treasury notes. Well, sir,
I had not anything to do with bringing about
that condition of affairs. It having been brought
about, it seems to me that the safest and wisest
way now is to begin to remedy the evils in
which we find ourselves involved by restoring
the old sub-Treasury system just so far as we
can possibly do so.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
I think must be aware that it is the law (and
whether he voted for it or not does not make
any difference) that persons paying their taxes
may pay, and collectors receiving them are
obliged under the law to take, the issues of the
national banks. In the law creatingthe national
banks we provided that the notes should be
received for taxes and public dues. Having
provided in the law that they shall be received,
and the man who has a tax to pay having a right
to pay it in national bank notes, where is the
propriety in requiring the man who is obliged
to receive them to deposit them where they will
not take them ? The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa obliges the collector to deposit
in a place where they will not receive and can-
not under the law receive the issues of national
banks; and yet the collectors are obliged to
take them. It is certainly not only a manifest
inconsistency, but a great hardship to oblige a
collector to take the currency of the national
banks and then oblige him to deposit it where
it cannot be received. I think the amendment
of the Senator is not only a great hardship but
a great wrong.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am not willing that,
through the mistake of the Senator from Iowa,
the Senate should misunderstand my position.
I did not say that my only objection to this
amendment was that it would lead to discus-
sion. I said that one of the objections that I
had to it was that it would necessarily lead to
discussion and might defeat this bill, which I
thought ought to pass. My principal objec-
tion was that it throws the burden upon the
collectors to change the national bank notes
into legal-tender notes by forcing them to be
deposited, because the collectors are bound to
take them bylaw for the internal revenue; and
that is a burden which we have no right to throw
upon the collectors, to make the change and go
to these banks to redeem, when the law pro-
vides that they should be depositaries and in-
tended that they should be in aid of the col-
lectors of internal revenue. I believe I was
the first man who required a strict enforce-
ment of the sub-Treasury law, and in the short
period of four years, I think, we manifested
that it was the best system, and I still think
so. It is likely, if I had been here at the time,
I should have voted against these national
banks. I think they are the weakest system
in our paper currency now; but the object
and intention of them no doubt was good.
Now, the gentleman objects that there was
$47,000,000 in the different banks at the last
report. Does not he and every financial man
know that having to meet the great amount of
the public debt and the interest and the appro-
priations, the Secretary of the Treasury must
necessarily provide himself beforehand with
the necessary money to meet them and main-
tain the credit of the Government? Does he
not know that we must have a large amount of
money to meet and control any combination of
moneyed men against it? We know that when
fifty or a hundred millions are to be paid, that
fifty or a hundred millions must be provided for
beforehand, and it must necessarily be in pub-
lic depositaries of some kind or other.
Mr. JOHNSON. I voted for the amend-
ment of the honorable member from Iowa, but
it was under a misapprehension, as I find, of
what the law is, which seems to me to affect
the question. I understand now the law to be
that a collector is obliged to receive, if tend-
ered to him in payment of taxes, the national
bank currency. The law of the sub-Treasury
is that they are not to receive anything but
legal-tender notes. In a city like New York,
or any of the larger cities, the habit is univer-
sal of receiving indorsed checks as equivalent
to the notes of the bank upon which the checks
are drawn. It facilitates the transactions be-
tween man and man, and, of course, the trans-
actions as between the tax-payer and the tax-
collector. If you compel the tax-collector, as
nc is compelled by law, to receive the national
bank currency, you throw upon him the duty,
if you do not permit him to deposit it in the
national banks, of converting that currency
into legal-tender notes, and if he receives, as
he is obliged to receive—I mean by "being
obliged to receive'' because he cannot well get
on without it, without creating very great dis-
satisfaction and accomplishing no good—if he
receives indorsed checks, you compel him not
only to go to the bank upon which the checks
are drawn, which the bank has the right to pay
in national currency, but after he has received
that currency for the amount of the checks, he
is obliged to go into the market again and con-
vert it into legal-tender notes.
Now, with my friend from Iowa, I see the
danger—and that has been practically illus-
trated recently—of leaving these large amounts
on deposit in the national banks ; but then
there are other things to be considered. As
long as the national banks are in existence, and
the sub-Treasury system is in existence, we
must so legislate and so provide that each shall
get on without unnecessarily embarrassing the
public ; and I do not see, as the whole subject
is placed under the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who may limit the amount in
the national banks, and in whom we ought to
have confidence, in whom we must have confi-
dence in relation to all matters of the currency,
that there would be any very great danger in
suffering those collectors to deposit in the
national banks, instead of compelling them to
deposit in the sub-Treasury, which would throw
upon them the burden of converting what you
compel them to receive into legal-tender notes.
I shall, for these reasons, change the vote which
I gave upon the proposition when it was in
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word more
to say in reply to what has been said by the
Senator from Maryland. The great argument
that he makes, and I believe that is substan-
tially the argument made by the Senator from
Kentucky, is that a great burden will be thrown
upon the collector, inasmuch as the collector
is now authorized to receive national bank
notes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Compelled. _
Mr. GRIMES. Compelled to receive na-
tional bank notes, and he cannot deposit them
in the sub-Treasury. The whole argument, I
believe, of the Senator was predicated upon
the provision of the law which oompelled the
