1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
ject to such examination as the condition of their
being retained in the service as is hereinafter pro-
vided for; all the original vacancies in the grades
of first and second lieutenant, and two thirds of all
other original vacancies in each of the grades above
that of first lieutenant, to be filled by selection from
among the officers and soldiers of volunteers who
have sery.ed in the Army of the United States in the
' late war for the suppression of rebellion, and who
have been distinguished for capacity, good conduct,
and efficient service: but graduates of the United
States Military Academy shall be elieibleto appoint-
ment as second lieutenants. The Veteran Reserve
corps shall be officered by selection from the officers
of the present Veteran lleserve corps and by ap-
pointment from any officers and soldiers of volunteers
who have been wounded in the line of their duty
while serving in the Army of the United States in
the late war, or have been disabled by disease con-
tracted in such service, and may yet becompetentfor
garrison or other duty, to which that corps has here-
tofore 'been assigned. The officers selected to fill
original vacancies in the regiments of colored troops
shall be taken from among the present officersof col-
ored troops who have served in the Aimy of the Uni-
ted States in the laite war. And all appointments of
officers in the Veteran Reserve corps and in regiments
of colored troops shall bo made on examination, as
hereinafter provided, having reference to capacity,
good conduct, and efficient service in every case.
Mr. PAINE. In order to make that section
conform to section tliree, as amended, I move
to strike out the following:
All the original vacancies in the grades of first
lieutenant and second lieutenant, and two thirds of
all other original vacancies in each of the grades
above that of first lieutenant, to be filled by selec-
tion from among the officers and soldiers of vol-
unteers who have served in the Army of the United
States in the late war for the suppression of rebel-
lion, and who havo been distinguished for capacity,
good conduct, and efficient service; but graduates of
the United States Military Academy shall be eligi-
ble to appointment as second lieutenants.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following ;
And in making appointments to fill the original
vacancies in the thirty-seven legnnents thus pro-
vided for, and for a, period of three yenrs after the
passage of this act, all first and second lieutenants
and two thirds of the officers of each of the grades
above that of first lieutenant shall bo solcetcd from
anu?ng the officers and soldiers of volunteers who
have served in the Army of the United States in the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion, and who
have been distinguished for capacity, good conduct,
and efficient service; but graduates of the United
States Military Academy and enlisted men shall be
eligible to appointment as second lieutenants in
those regiments, as in the new regiments of cavalry,
under the provisions of the third section of this act,
and not otherwise.
Mr. SCHENCK. That amendment only
makes the section conform to what the House
has determined in regard to the other section.
I have no objection to it.
- Mr. G-ABFJELD._ If I understand the
amendment, as read, it provides that graduates
of the United States Military Academy and
enlisted men shall be eligible to appointment
as second lieutenants. I want to know if that
does not leave it open so that any man, whether
he has ever served or not, can go and enlist
one day and the next day be commissioned
under . this provision. I simply make the
inquiry.
Mr. PAINE. The amendment is carefully
guarded on that point, and prescribes precisely
the same conditions and requirements as are
prescribed in regard to the six new cavalry
regiments in the third section.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am satisfied. I see
that it is so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. In pursuance of the no-
tice I gave, I now move to strike out the words
"by selection from the officers of the present.
Veteran Reserve corps, and," and to insert
after the word " volunteers'' the words "or of
the regular Army;" so that the clause will
read:
The Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered by
appointment from any officers and soldiers of volun-
teers or of the regular Army who have been wounded
in the line of their duty while serving m the Army of
the United States in the late war, or have been dis-
abled by disease contracted in such service, and may
yet be competent for garrison or otherduty, to which
thatcorps has heretofore been assigned.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to move to amend
the amendment so as to provide that the pres-
ent officers of the Veteran Reserve corps shall
be mustered out and put upon a par with other
wounded officers, so that they may all take
tKfeir chance together.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. CHANLER. I understand this amend-
ment to allow any soldier who has been wounded
in the United States service to be promoted to
be art officer of the Veteran Reserve corps.
I understand the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] in this amendment, to have adopted
the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.] And from the point
of view in which I look at it I recognize in it a
step'in the right direction. I suppose it is the
effort of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
include the colored troops and permit them to
be made officers of the Veteran Reserve corps,
and that is proper, that is just, that is consist-
ent with the teachings of the modern " Moses."
[Laughter. ] And if gentlemen will only go on
in that direction they will reorganize the Amer-
ican Army on a basis that will make it irresist-
ible. They can " carry the war into Africa."
They can overcome all sections and all sexes.
I hope it was in that spirit that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania made that suggestion.
[Criesof"Louder!"] Louder! Sir,Iconsider
the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania loud enough. It speaks in trumpet tones
of the philanthropy and patriotism of that
gentleman.
Sir, I do not think the gentleman from Ohio
has looked into this question as deeply as he
should have done. I think he has allowed him-
self to be duped by the astute mind of the able
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
and if he is not careful he will find a bill intro-
duced here making a specific appropriation for
this very class of officers; for officers taken from
among the colored troops of the line who have
been wounded in the scrvice of their country.
For it must bo borne in mind that the appro-
priations which have been made for the Army
as now organized will not be sufficient for what
is here proposed.
This is a new movement; one in the right
direction, but still a new movement. The gen-
tleman from Ohio is being led in a direction he
knows not whither. If the American armies
shall be organized as is proposed, if the col-
ored troops are to be brought into the organiza-
tion, as is proposed by him and by the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, he must
consider the effect upon the existing organiza-
tion of the Army. Accepting the proposition
that has been laid down here by gentlemen on
the other side of the House, that the black man
is superior to the white man, then we must pro-
vide means for retiring our white officers. It
is not possible that the competition can exist
with safety to the white officers.
We have been told by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Air. Stevens] that the battles
of this country have been won by the colored
troops, led by white officers, to be sure. But
suppose those troops are to be led by black
officers, as suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, where are your white officers to
go ? 1 submit to the gentleman from Ohio that
he shall look well into these questions. He is
amending this bill in a manner which will
defeat it. There are gentlemen on the other
side of the House who cannot stand this thing;
there are gentlemen who are not ready to
officer the United States armies with colored
officers.
We have refused, through our committees,
upon a direct application to this House by
petition, to appoint colored soldiers as officers ;
but by this act of indirection, as suggested by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the Com-
mittee on-Military Affairs are being duped into
following a course which they themselves have
already refused to take, and they will stand
stultified upon the record of the House. ■
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. El,bridge]
suggests that this is a movement toward the
tropics; that it is an effort on the part of the
sagacious chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to move toward Mexico and the
tropics; to take possession of those countries
where the white man wilts and turns yellow,
and where nothing blooms but the cactus and
the negro.
Sir, this insidious effort on th'e part of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to destroy the
American Army is in keeping with his suc-
cessful effort to force the civil rights bill upon
this House, to reduce the dignity of American
citizenship, overriding the veto of the Presi-
dent, and placing the ipse dixit of a peculiar
clique upon the laws of the country.
I hope, before it is too late, before the Mili-
tary Committee is utterly committed to this
folly by its too great trustfulness in the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, this matter will be so
ventilated and placed before the country that
all may know whether or not the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs is aware of
bis position, whether or not he really means
that the wounded and disabled colored soldier
shall be made an officer of the Army of the
United States. Let that gentleman come for-
ward and avow whether or not he is in earnest
upon that subject, or whether he is innocently
allowing himself to be misled by the great phi-
lanthropist of the country, the venerable states-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONKLING. I will read the amend-
ment I desire to offer, and the Chair will be
kind enough to indicate the proper place in
this section for it to come in. It is as follows:
Provided, That tlio officers of the existing Veteran
Reserve corps shall, upon the passage of this act, bo
mustered out of service, and be put upon the same
footing with other disabled officers.
The SPEAKER. That amendment can be
offered to come in at the end of the section by
way of addition to the section, but will not be
in order for action until other amendments to
perfect the section have been disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. I will give notice that
at the proper time I will offer the amendment
I have read.
The SPEAKER. By general consent of
the House, the amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Coxklixg] can be re-
ceived at this time, to be voted upon when all
the amendments for the purpose of perfecting
this section shall have been disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. T move to amend the fifth
section by striking out in the twenty-fifth line
the words " the present," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words '' those who havo served as,"
and by striking out in the twenty-fifth and
twenty-sixth lines the words "who have served;"
so that the clause will read:
The officers selected to fill original vacancies in tho
regiments of colored troops shall be taken from among
those who have scivcd as officers of colored troopsin
the Army of the United States in the late war.
The language as it stands a', present assumes
that all the officers of colored troops are yet
in the scrvice j while in fact a great, many have
been mustered out even since this bill was
framed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "war," in the twenty-seventh
line, the following words:
But graduates of the United States Military Acad-
emy sliall bo eligible to appointment as second lieu-
tenants in these regiments as in the newregirnentsof
cavalry under the provisions of the third section of
this act.
So that the clause will read as follows: #
The officers selected to fill original vacancies in the
regiments of colored troops shall bo taken from among
those who have,scrved as officers of colored troops in
the Army of tho United States in the late war. But
graduates of the United States Military Academy
shall be eligible to appointment as second lieuten-
ants in these regiments, as in the new regiments ot
cavalry, under the provisions of the third section oi
this act.
Mr, FARNSVORTH. Why not make offi-
cers of other volunteer troops eligible to these
appointments? The section, if amended as
proposed, would confine appointments as om-
cers of these colored troops to those who have
been officers of colored troops and to cadets
who shall hereafter graduate. There is no
propriety in that. .
Mr. MARSTON. I more to reconsider the
