1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2965
will make the South anxious for amnesty, now
so lightly considered, and willing to take suf-
frage lo avoid certain and greater evils. While
the way is left open, as it is in these resolu-
tions, for both mercy and justice, the logic of
events will work out the great problem, and
satisfy all who are not now satisfied that the
march of this country must either be toward
consolidated, arbitrary power, supported by
enormous taxation, or toward amnesty and
•suffrage, union and liberty. If the arguments
presented by this plan do not convince at once
time will do the work. I will further remark
that it is a better plan than I expected could
be agreed upon, and I hope much good from
it. It may lead to a final settlement, and with
that view I shall give it my support.
Mr. HO WE proceeded to address the Sen-
ate. Without concluding, he yielded the floor
for an executive session. [Ilis speech will be
published in full in the Appendix.]
On motion of JSlr. HOWARD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business: and after some time spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 5, 1866.
The House mot at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, ltev. 0. B. Boystox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
mineral lands,
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, by unanimous consent, reported back
House bill No. 322, to provide for the survey
and sale of the lands of the United States con-
taining gold, silver, and other valuable miner-
als, for the assaying and coining of such min-
erals, and for other purposes, with amendments
and an accompanying report. The bill with
the amendments and the accompanying report
were ordered to be printed and recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands.
k1sw york and montana mining company.
Mr. STEVENS. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which Senate bill No.
203, to enable the New York and Montana
Manufacturing Company to purchase a certain
amount of the public lands now in maiket, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question was taken on the motion to
reconsider, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a bill to enable a
company to establish iron works in advance
of the building of railroads in Montana Terri-
tory. It passed the Senate unanimously with-
out any difficulty. It becomes necessary to
cause a survey of the lands, and this bill is the
result.
Mr. SPALDTN"G. I would like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
something in regard to the merits of this bill.
■ Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Holmes] had more particular charge
of the bill, and probably can explain it more
intelligibly than I can.
Mr. HOLMES. Mr. Speaker, the Commit-
tee on Public Lands have had this bill under
consideration and have directed me to report
it to the House with a recommendation that it
pass. The necessity for this bill arises from
the fact that the public Lands in Montana have
not been surveyed. Preemptors can take up
but one hundred and sixty acres of land each.
The parties interested in this measure have been
associated under the general law of the State
of New York providing for the incorporation
of manufacturing and mining companies. The
object of this company is to carry on the busi-
ness of ruining and manufacturing of iron and
steel in the Territory of Montana. I have
looked over their articles of association and I
find that they have complied in every respect
with the law of the State of New York under
which they are incorporated. They desire to
establish in the Territory of Montana iron works
of sufficient capacity, not only to supply the
mining interests with iron and such articles as
arc manufactured from iron, but also to supply,
if possible, the iron necessary in the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad. For this purpose
a large supply of wood land is absolutely neces-
sary.
Parties interested in this company applied
to the Commissioner of the Land Office to
ascertain whether they could go on arid pre-
empt the quantity of land required by tak-
ing a large number of persons who would be
entitled to preemption. They found that that
was impossible. Under the preemption law
only sufficient timber lo construct buildings and
for the necessary improvement of the land
could be taken. It became necessary, there-
fore, to apply to Congress, because the public
lands had not been surveyed. Parties acquainted
with this business estimate the quantity of land
necessary lo supply the wood for such a work
as this would be from twelve to twenty thou-
sand acres. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevexs,] who is familiar with this
matter, will be able to state precisely what is
required. I understand that there is attached
to his iron works a I'ot of sixteen thousand
acres, and that he regards that amount as quite
small enough for works of the magnitude pro-
posed to be established by this bill.
This bill does not ask for a donation of land.
It provides pimply that this company may go
on, under such directions as the Secretary of
the Interior may make, and select twenty sec-
tions of land, three of them to be mineral,
composed of iron or coal, and the residue,
seventeen sections, to be composed of wood
or timber land. The lands are to be selected
in such manner as the Secretary of the Interior
shall direct. They are to be bounded by lines
running north and south and east and west,
and are to be as nearly in a square form "as
possible. The company are to be at the ex-
pense of surveying the lands and furnishing
plats after survey for tho approbation of the
Secretary of the Interior.
They are to pay to the Government the Gov-
ernment price of §1 25 per acre for the lands
within two years from tho passage of this bill,
and within the same time they are to erect
upon these lands and have in operation iron
works capable of producing fifteen hundred
tons of iron per annum.
Now, as I said before, there is no gift asked
for or desired by this company. If they go
there and make this investment, an investment
of not less than $200,000, it is necessary that
they should have timber to run tho works for a
series of years. All they ask is that, as the
Government has not surveyed these lands so
that they can purchase them, that they be al-
lowed, at their own expense, to survey the
lands, pay the Government price for them, take
possession of them, and erect their works.
There is attached to a pamphlet, which I
have here, a letter from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office stating the difficulties
that this company would labor under if they
undertook to preempt those lands, and also a
letter from the Delegate from Montana and the
marshal, of that Territory, recommending the
passage of this bill. I will ask the Clerk to
read those letters.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department or tiif, I\tt?.riok,
trkxekal iia.yo orriot,
W-vsnixuroi, D. O., J larch 2J, 1866.
Sir: In reply to your letter of this date, making
inquiries as to tlic legality of taking timber trom pre-
emption claims, I herewith inclose circular of De-
cember 24, 1855, in which the construction of tho law
for the preservation of public timber id clearly set
forth.
From this it will be seen that, except for the im-
provement ot the land or the construction of build-
ings, fences, or other improvements upon the prem-
ises. preemptors arc not allowed to cut timber. Set-
tlers under the homestead act are brought within the
same restrictions.
Tho enforcement of these regulations is necessary
to prevent the spoliation of tho public timber and
the subsequent abandonment of the preemption or
homestead claims without compensation to the (ten-
oral Government.
The principle is, that parties are not allowed un-
necessarily to denude the land of its principal value
until they have acquired an absolute title; and this
is the only safe rule that can be devised, unless au-
thority should ho granted to sell the timber (tone.
To cut the wood to the extent propose"' by you
would make you liable to prosecution and penalty,
and oomplaint could be made by the Government
agent or by an individual.
Your letter is returned herewith for reference.
Your obedient servant,
J. M. EDMUNDS,
Commissioner*
0. D. Bakkett, Esq., Washington City, D. G.
Washington*, D. C., March 19,1866.
Gfytlemex: We, the undersigned,have examined
the bill introduced by Senator waoe on the 15th
instant, and numbered 203.
We do not see anything in the bill to which any
resident of Montana or any one having any interest
in that Territory could object; but on the contrary,
we know of nothing that would aid the development
of the agricultural resources and mineral wealth of
that Territory so much as having tho iron we need
manufactured on the spot.
Timber, grazing, and arable lands are in such pro-
fuse abundance there as lo preclude the possibility
of such a grant being construed into giving a mo-
nopoly.
Had tho public surveys been commenced with the
settlement of the Territory there would have been
no necessity lor making the grant: but, under the
circunr-t.uiccs, the noccssity exists, and we earnestly
recommend the passage of the bill.
SAMUEL McLEAN,
fj om Montana,
OEOliGI? M. PDfNEY,
United States Marshal, Montana Territoi-y,
Mr. HOLMES. The total amount of lands
which this bill authorizes them to preempt and
purchase is twelve thousand eight hundred
acres, of which ten thousand eight hundred and
eighty acres are to be wood or timber land. All
mineral lands except iron and coal are expressly
reserved, and the patents "when issued are to
convey no title to any lands thus reserved.
No one can over estimate the benefits both to
the General Government and the people of the
Territory of Montana that will accrue from the
establishment of works of this character in that
Territory. Industry, enterprise, and thrift will
follow and surround them. I hope the bill
will receive, as I believe it deserves, the sup-
port of every member of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I think these
gentlemen are launching upon a rather perilous
experiment. They must have great faith in the
influx of population into the Territory of Mon-
tana. The idea of making iron, the most val-
uable of all metals, even more valuable than
gold and silver, there in advance of much pop-
ulation is one which ought to be encouraged,
and can be encouraged only in the way set forth
here. As to the number of acres that would be
required to produce fifteen hundred tons of pig
iron and convert it into bar iron by means of
charcoal every ope acquainted with the subject
knows that it would require at least sixteen
thousand acres. I should think twenty thous-
and acres as little as any man would want to
start with. I have but a small establishment
myself, and yet I find sixteen thousand acres too
little for my purpose. I should not have
referred to my own works if the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Holmes] had not re-
ferred to them. They are situated in what are
called the South mountains, between Adams
and Franklin counties. There are four iron
works adjoining mine. One of them has more
land than mine has, about seventeen thousand
acres. Mine has between sixteen and seven-
teen thousand acres. I doubt if any prudent
man would think of putting charcoal iron
works on less than from fifteen to twenty thou-
sand acres.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would suggest t a
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vf.xs] that it makes a difference whether the
timber is hard wood or soft wood. He has
been speaking of hard wood in his calculations.
The timber in Montana is composed in great
part of soft wood, pine, hemlock, &c.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is correct.
If the timber should happen to be pine and
hemlock it would require more; twenty thou-
sand acres would be as little as would be ne-
cessary to carry on these works. Our chestnut
timber will grow in twenty years so as to be fit
for cutting for this purpose. But the timber in
