2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
vote by which the amendment just offered by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SchexckJ was
adopted.
The SPEAKER. That motion .will be
entered, and will he reserved tilt the question
is taken on the pending amendment.
Mr. PAINE. My object in offering this
amendinentwas simply to give to the graduates
of West Point, under the precise^ conditions
which we have imposed upon them in the eases
of the six new regiments of cavalry and the
thirty-seven regiments of regular infantry, an
opportunity to become competitors for second
lieutenancies in the colored troops. I see no
reason why the graduates of West Point should
be excluded in this case from the privilege
which they have in the other two cases.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to the gentleman's amendment, if he will make
it a little broader. I do not see why we should
extend the section so asto include graduates of
the Military Academy unless we also extend the
privilege to officers and soldiers of volunteers.
If the amendment be made as broad as the
provision with reference to the six regiments
of cavalry I shall have no objection.
Mr. MARS'l'ON. It was to accomplish that
very object tlmt I moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio was adopted. I desire that appoint-
ments to the command of colored troops shall
be thrown open, not only to those who have
served with colored troops, but also to all the
officers of volunteers.
Mr. PAIS"15. I do not say that I am opposed
to the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farxswortii] or the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Marstox ;] but it seems
to me that it is hardly fair to load down my
amendment in that way.
It undoubtedly occurred to the committee, in
framing this clause of the bill, that some con-
sideration was due to those officers of the Army
who had encountered during this war the pre-
judices which at first unhappily prevailed
against service in the colored troops. I am
ready to recognize the claims of those men who
were willing to stand up m the face of that
prejudice and serve as officers of colored
troops. If. however, the proposition of thegen-
tleman from Illinois be adopted, we may per-
haps fail to pbtain a proper recognition of the
desert of those officers who have heretofore
served with colored troops. I am in favor of
giving to the officers who have gallantly served
with the colored troopshitherto the first oppor-
tunity in the officering of these colored regi-
ments. But after this privilege shall have been
extended to them, I certainly am in favor of
giving to the graduates of West Point an op-
portunity to become second lieutenants of these
troops. I .shall probably vote for the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Illinois;
but I would rather vote for it as an independ-
ent proposition, and not as a load upon the
amendment which I have offered.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe I cannct vote for
the amendment or the suggestion. If I read
this rights, after the first vacancy the subse-
quent vacancies become open for all troops. I
do not know how many regiments of colored
tioops there were. Iam told there were nearly
two hundred. We have only eight regiments
provided for here. I think it is best to leave
it as it is. It only gives to those who served in
the colored troops the vacancies in these eight
regiments. I ihiuk it fair to Icaveftes this does,
all future vacancies to the discretion of the
appointing power.
Mr. PAINE. As there seems to be some
opposition to this I withdraw it.
The question recurred on Mr. Mabstox's
motion to reconsider.
Mr. FARNSV 0 RTIT. I have an amend-
ment which f think will cover the ground. I
move to strike out these words, in the twenty-
fourth. twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-
seventh lines:
The ofKccr.; scloecod to fiH original vacancies in
the regiments of colored troops fch&U be taken from
among the present officers of colored troops who have
served in the Army of the United States in the late
war.
And' to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The oSeers of colored troops herein provided for
shall bo selected and appointed in the same manner
provided herein for ofiiccrin? ttio sis regiments of
cavalry provided for in the third section of this act.
I think that will cover all that the gentleman
from New Hampshire seeks, and I hope, there-
fore, he will withdraw his motion to reconsider
so that I may move my amendment.
Mr. MARSTON. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move the
amendment. I am not particularly wedded to
this method of officering the colored troops.
It brings up the question to be determined by
the House. It places the colored troops upon
the same footing that you place the cavalry
and infantry, and on the same footing as the
Veteran Reserve corps. I do not see why the
door should not be open to all officers and sol-
diers who served in the Army for commissions
in the colored troops as in the cavalry.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, and
will give in a word my reasons. As it has been
already stated, there were nearly two hundred
regiments of colored troops for whom the offi-
cers were selected from the Army, and exam-
ined before be:ng appointed. I doubt whether
we had anywhere during the war so carefully
a selected body of men as those who com-
manded the colored troops.
I will remind the House that it required no
little moral courage to take position in the col-
ored regiments when they were first raised. I
remember we'll when I drew an order calling
a board which organized the first regiment of
colored troops. I know that many officers said,
''You cannot find enough respectable officers
i in this Army to officer that regiment." When
' a prominent staff officer accepted the position,
and was made colonel of the regiment, and the
ice was broken, we were enabled ultimately to
get it raised. For a long time men were com-
pelled to bear reproaches as commanders of
negroes. Those who bore the prejudice, and
who bore the taunts, and who showed them-
selves to be able officers, it is no more than
right,Ithink, should fill these vacancies. When
the original vacancies are filled they will be
then thrown open to all. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mi-. CIIAXLER. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
The act or part of any act which authorized the use
of colored troops in the Army of the United States is
hereby repealed.
All acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this sec-
tion of an act arc hereby repealed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will yield a few minutes
of his time so that I may reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. CHANLER. I yield five minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Illinois. Then I
propose to speak to iny own amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to reply to
the argument of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gakfield.] He says that it required a
considerable degree of moral courage at one
time for a man to take command of colored
troops. Now, I recollect very well that at the
very first organization of the colored troops
there were men enough in the Army of the
L'nited States who had the moral courage to
apply for positions in colored regiments, many
more than wore required to fill the regiments.
There was no time when there were not at the
office of Colonel Foster in this city pigeon
holes full of applications for positions as officers
of colored troops. Now, sir, why not open the
door to these men who had just as much moral
courage at the time as those who succeeded in
getting the commissions?
Mr. STEVENS, i remember in this House,
when it was proposed to raise colored troops,
that many declared that nobody could be found
to command them; and certainly a member
from Illinois declared that all the highest offi-
cers would resign if you put them in the field.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Who was that?
A Member. General Logan.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know
whether that general made that remark or not. *
I think I have heard him deny ever having
made it. But certain it is, and I presume every
member of this House who was a member of •
Congress at that time can bear witness to the
fact, that there were applications upon appli-
cations of soldiers in the field for the privilege
of being examined before this board and for
appointments in the colored regiments, a great
many more than could be appointed.
Now, hundreds of these soldiers thus apply-
ing were obliged to serve in the war in the
ranks because there were not colored troops
enough to admit them to these places. Why
should we not, then, open the door for these
men ? "Why should we confine the officering
of this colored corps to those that have served
with them? Open the door. I have no doubt
that all these worthy officers who desire to
come in and who have served well with the
colored regiments will stand a better chance
for appointment than new men. Undoubtedly
they will. But do not let us confine it to any
particular class of men. Open the door broadly
for competition to every man who deems him-
self worthy to seek the place.
Mr. CHANLER. My object in offering the
amendment to the amendment is to place
myself right upon the record, after having
endeavored in vain to induce the gentlemen
on the other side to officer the colored troops
with colored men. There is nothing so utterly
inconsistent in legislation as the effort of gen-
tlemen on the other side to induce a class of
our fellow-citizens to do the fighting and then
not give them the same reward they claim for
their own laborers in the field. There has
never been any greater incentive, offered to a
soldier than that of rising gradually from the
humblest to the highest rank. And when gen-
tlemen who have served in the field, after hav-
ing reiterated upon this floor time and again
how great are their obligations to the soldiers,
bring in here propositions to exclude the black
man from any chance of becoming an officer
in the Army, I deem it fit and pro'per at this
time to bring in an amendment whereby the
whole organization shall be repealed. It is a*
blot on the military organization of America,
a blot on the whole early policy and system of
this Government. You say that Democracy
at the origin of the Government claimed that
all men were equal. If the negro is your equal
at home, is he not. so on the battle-field ? And
if you deny him the right to march with the
sword at his side as well as with the musket
on his shoulder, you should, to be consistent,
take from him both. He should not be allowed
to use either as an implement of war unless he
is allowed to use both. There is no variation
or shadow of turning from the line of right and
justice in this matter.
I know that in their inner hearts the gentle-
men on the other side do not wish to officer the
Army with negroes. I know that this is the
last grand act of the apocalypse of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.J But
let him begin at the root by recognizing the
equality of the negro in arms as well as else-
where.
After riding over the President's veto of the
civil rights bill, are you willing to take the
position that, as regards the military service,
you have disenfranchised this people? The
slander is false and unjust. Such conduct as
that is political heresy and against your own
doctrine. I say that the Republican party is
to-day guilty of political heresy in not officering
the black troops with black officers. I know
that it has been ruled out of order to use such
language here, but f also know that in the face
of the facts you dare not deny that what I say'
is true. My friend on the left [Mr. Baldwin]
says that is sound doctrine. He, too, is waiting
