1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
200T
an opportunity, under the modem Moses, to
pass over the Jordan 
" Mr. PRTCE. Will the gentleman allow me
a word?
Mr. CHANLER. Oh, certainly. The gen-
tleman is always so very courteous. [Laughter. ]
Mr. PRICK. 1 want merely to thank the
gentleman for having given the House and the
country the information that Moses did cross
the Jordan. [Laughter.] We had thought
before that he never got over.
Mr. CHANLER. I thank brother Aaron
for his suggestion. I do not see the original-
ity of his idea, and I can hardly see the force
of his remark.
I ask the House to come to a vote upon this
proposition. I want to see how many men
there are here who are sincere, how many men
who, having cried up the colored soldiers, are
unwilling to give them the rank of officers in
the Army of the United States. I ask the
previous question on my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought it a good time
for the previous question to be demanded after
the gentleman had made a speech, and I rose
for that purpose.
Mr. CHANLER. I had no desire to cut off
debate upon this proposition. I did not mean
to demand the previous question, but I ask the
yeas and nays on my amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be called before I have an oppor-
tunity to offer my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's amend-
ment is already pending, and I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COJfKLING. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that. I will renew it. I want to say
a word or two upon my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw it.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon Mr.
Chaxluu's amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be land
enough to state the situation of the question
now ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxklixg] moved a proviso to be
added to this section, which was reserved by
general consent until the section should be pcr-
lected. There is now pending an amendment
to that amendment, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. After that question has
been taken, then, T will make the suggestions
which 1 desire to present to the House.
evening session dispensed with.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
evening session been dispensed with ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. WAStlBURNE, of Illinois. I move,
then, that until further orders, the evening ses-
sions be dispensed with.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. It is within the power of
a majority of the House to do it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, let us do it.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
confine his motion to this week.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will agree
to that modification.
Mr. BLAINE. Has the gentleman from
Illinois a right to make the motion?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; it is a priv-
ileged motion, pertaining to the order of busi-
ness in the House, and can be entertained
even pending a demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the gentleman
will modify his motion so as to make it general.
We can order evening sessions whenever we
want them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House how the matter now stands. The
House under a suspension of the rules directed
the holding of an evening session each day
except Saturdays " until otherwise ordere'd."
The words "until otherwise ordered" place it
in the power of the majority of the House to
order otherwise at any time. And they caa
order that there shall be no evening session for
any particular day, or they can order that the
evening sessions be dispensed with until other-
wise ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can the majority
of the House order an evening session at any
time, if the motion of my colleague [Mr.
Washburxe] prevails?
The SPEAKER. Certainly, at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
myself in favor of suspending indefinitely the
order for evening sessions.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move to amend
it so that the suspension shall be indefinite, to
the end that we may not be required to be on
the watch to ascertain if we are to come here
at an evening session.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. It may be necessary 
Mr. CONKLING. Is debate in order?
The SPEA KER. It is not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I think this prop-
osition should n'ot be debated either way.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Coxkltng to the motion of Mr. Wash-
burxe, of Illinois.
Upon a division there were—ayes 72, noes 22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled Senate bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 261) for the relief of Ann
Heth, widow of William Ileth, of Harrison
county, Indiana;
An "act (S. No. 241) directing the enrollment
of Agues W. Laughlin, the widow of a deceased
soldier, as a pensioner ;
An act (S. No. 252) granting a pension to
Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson; and
An act (S. No. 200) granting a pension to
Emeranco Gouler.
REORGANIZATION OF TIIE ARMY AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to reorganize the Army.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Chaxler to the amendment of
Mr. Farxsworth to the fifth section.
Mr. CONKLING. I stated a few moments
ago that I would make a brief statement in
reference to the amendment which 1 have
offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chaxler]
offered an amendment to the one offered by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth,]
and that the previous question has been or-
dered on those amendments ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has not been called; but the yeas and nays
have been ordered upon the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then why should the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxklixg]
discuss another amendment which he proposes
to offer presently, when he can discuss it just
as well after we have disposed of those now
pending?
The SPEAKER. By general consent the
proviso proposed by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxklixg] was regarded as pend-
ing, but not to be acted upon until the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] and other gen-
tlemen had perfected the section. And if the
previous question should now be called and
seconded, and the main question be ordered,
it would not exhaust itself until a vote had been
taken upon the" proviso offered by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Coxkxixg.] The
gentleman from Ohio can call the previous ques-
tion on the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] and the amend-
ment to that amendment moved by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Chanlkk.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I will call the
previous question upon the amendirentand the
amendment to the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon agreeing to the
amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 23, nays 85, not voting
75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Chanler, Coffroth,
Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider, Aaron Hard-
ing, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Mar-
shall, Nib lack, Nicholson, Samuel J. Randall, Hit-
ter,Kogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Tabor, Thorn-
ton, and Wlialey—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Barker, Baxter,Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell,Bromwell,Buckland,Bundy,Sidney Clarke,
Cobb. Conkling, Cook, Davis, Defrocs, Delano, Dem-
ing, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield,
Hale, Abner C.Harding. Henderson, Hooper, Asahel
"\V. Ilubbard, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson,
Kclley, Kelso, Keteham, Kuykendall, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mars-
ton, McClurg, McKee, Mercur, Miller. Mnoihoad,
Morris,Myers, Newell,O'Neill, Orth,Paine,Perham,
Phelps, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, J ohn II. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau, Sehenck.Shel-
1 abargcr, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Van Acrnam, Ward, Warner, Elihu B.
Washburno,HenryD. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Williams, James J?. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—85. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Beaman, Bergen,
Blow, Brandcgce, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Cul-
loni.Culver.Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, Dumont. Eggleston, Farquhar, Perry,
Goodyear, Gnnneil, Uriswold, Hairis, Hait, Hayes,
Iligby, Hill, llogan, Holmes, llorclikiss, Chester D.
1 lubbard, l)emas Hubbard, J ohn II. il utjbard, James
R. Hubbell, llulburd, James Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Laflin, William Lawrence. Le Blond,
Marvin, McCullough, McJLiuloe, Mcltuer. Morrill,
Moulton, Noell, Patterson, Pike. Plants, Pomcroy,
Radford, Raymond, Sawyer, Scofield, vSloan, Smith,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse. Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Trimble. Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Wentworth, Stephen I?. Wilson, Wiufleld, and
Wright—75. *
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Kerr had
paired with Mr. Hill.
The result of the vote was announced as above
St'Q'tOCl
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. DE MIN G. T ask the privilege of making
a personal explanation.
Mr. CONKLING. I insist on my motion
that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes sixteen, noes not counted.
personal explaxation.
Mr. DEMING. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. DEMING. A discussion arose yester-
day upon a personal matter, between the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] the
gentleman from New York. [Mr. Coxkxixg,J
and the gentleman from New York immedi-
ately on my right, [Mr. IUymoxd.] J paid
but little attention to the discussion as it pro-
gressed : but on reading the report in full in the
Globe of this morning, I feel it due to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Raymoxd] to add
a few words to the disclaimer which he then
uttered, that he was not responsible for the
paragraph in the Times, which was first read
by the gentleman from NewJersey, andwhich
was afterward commented upon by various
gentlemen of the House.
I was not present in the House when the
bankrupt bill was introduced by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Coxkxixg.] I shortly
afterward saw the gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and, [Mr. Jkxckes,] the author of the bill
which was acted on recently by the House,
and who, as we ajl know, has labored assid-
uously during the last two sessions to perfect
that bill: and he informed me that the bill
presented by the gentleman from New York
was the identical bill which he himself haa so
laboriously prepared. I thought but little ot
the circumstance at the time; butaclay or U\o
later, I saw a Darasjranh in the -New xoik
