1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
892T
the notes of the banks in payment of Govern-
ment dues, let them provide, by a little amend-
ment, that that shall be the fact; that the
notes of any of the national banks shall be
received by the collectors in payment of taxes,
and when he goes to make his deposits to the
sub-Treasury, that the sub-Treasury shall re-
ceive those same notes on deposit. It would
be the simplest thing in the world for such an
amendment or addition to the law to be made,
and I think it ought to be made.
My knowledge of banking is so inconsider-
able that my opinion is of no value on the
subject; but I never had any faith or confi-
dence in this national system of banking, and
I have not yet. The events that have taken
place have not been of a character to increase
my confidence. My distrust in this system of
banking has rather increased than diminished.
But without regard to the merits of the system,
I think that every step and every act of legis-
lation which Congress can adopt that would
restrict the amount of the issues of paper cur-
rency ought to be adopted. I believe that if
these deposits of forty or fifty millions that
have gone into the banks, were required by
law to be deposited in the sub-Treasuries where
they could not be the basis of an expansion of
the paper currency, the effect would be to some
considerable degree to restrict the issue of
paper by the banks; and with that belief of
the operation of the amendment, I am in favor
of it, and shall vote for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer this amendment
to the proposition of the Senator from Iowa:
And all officers of tlio Treasuiy are authorized and
required to receive on deposit from ail revenue offi-
cers a ny currency that is receivable according to law
upon taxes and public dues.
If it had been possible to stand by the sub-
Treasury system of the United States as estab-
lished a number of years ago, I would be the
last man perhaps in this body to consent to a
proposition of this kind. But laws have been
enacted authorizing the receipt of the national
bank currency in payment of the taxes and
dues to the General Government. Now, while
this shall be received upon the taxes of the
country, I cannot conceive why it shall not be
received in the Treasury upon deposit; and
therefore I offer the amendment.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I hope that the amend-
ment to the amendment will not be adopted.
The national bank notes are receivable in pay-
ment of the internal taxes and all public dues
except on imported goods, and they are bound
to redeem those notes in coin or legal cur-
rency. It was the intention, as I understand,
of those who made the national banks, through
them, to prepaie the country for a return to
specie payments. It is in the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as this money is
deposited in the local depositaries, to return it
to the banks for legal-tender notes or specie.
After returning all that is received, he will get
the legal-tender notes. Under the scheme of
the gentleman from Iowa, he throws the bur-
den of returning or exchanging upon the col-
lectors. It is within the power of the Secretary
-of the Treasury to have them returned.
I have great confidence in the Secretary of
the Treasury ; I believe that he intends to do
right. I believe that he is honest in his pur-
poses. I know that he must have a consider-
able amount of money at his command in ad-
vance in order to meet the public dues. I know
that sometimes it is convenient, when payments
are to be made in the West, to have money in
the West to draw upon; and when payments
are to be made iu the North to have money in
the North to draw upon. We used to keep
money in New York; we used to keep it at
St. Louis; and we kept it at Boston, and in
all places where there were national sub-Treas-
uries, and we kept it in the custom-houses and
in the land offices; and thus, where it was con-
venient to a party to receive his money, we
were able to draw for it at that place.
It was the intention, through the national
bank system, which is no favorite of mine, to
reduce the currency and to bring their notes
to the standard of legal tenders or specie as
quickly as possible, and through their aid and
assistance. It is capable of being so used now,
and in six or eight months wo should have,
under the proper organization of that Depart-
ment, a currency nearly equal to gold. It would
not be my policy to redeem any portion of the
greenbacks or legal-tepder notes, as they are
termed, except the compound-interest notes,
while they could be obtained by exchanging
the national bank notes for them. I think it
is proper to consider the agencv that was in-
tended and that these banks are capable of
affording in bringing us back to a sound cur-
rency with a reduced paper circulation.
I am as much opposed to lending the public
money to public depositaries as anybody else.
I think it ought not to bo lent or put out and
allowed to stay where it can be banked upon.
These bankers seek their own interest, and
they induce men who have large sums of money
to disburse for the Government to deposit with
them by offering interest for the sake of mak-
ing the difference. That is another great evil
which we have remedied by legislation, for we
have prohibited disbursing officers from so de-
positing the public money. I think that hastily,
upon an amendment of this kind, we ought
not to agree to the radical changc that is pro-
posed.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I am exceedingly reluc-
tant to differ v, itli the Senator from Kentucky,
for whose opinion I have so much respect; but,
I do not understand, if it be proper to adopt
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, why
it is not prope:' to adopt the amendment which
I propose to his amendment. I understand
the difficulty to be just this: the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa will require the de-
posit in the offices of the Treasury of the bills
of the national banks, and existing laws do not
authorize that. I understand that to be the
practical trouble with this proposition. Now,
if it be right to receive the bills of the national
banks upon Government dues and taxes, why-
is it not right to pay those bills into the Treas-
ury? That is what I cannot understand. Why
are those bills to be left in the hands of a col-
lector or in the hands of a bank? If it is right
to collect them at all they ought to be paid
into the Treasury. I never dreamed until this
morning but what they ivere payable into the
Treasury. I supposed they were deposited in
the Treasury like any other currency receiv-
able upon tiie Government taxes. 1 under-
stand that it is claimed by the advocates of the
banking system that the currency is well se-
cured, but depositors are not secured. Now,
the proposition of the Senator from Iowa is to
put an end to the system of making deposits
by Government officers as far as we can in
banks. I think that is desirable. At the same
time it is necessary to adopt this proposition,
if we adopt his.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment offered
by the Senator from Iowa ; and on that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YT'AH—Me-Brown, Creswell, Davis, Edmunds,
Grime's, Hendricks, Lane, McDougall. Norton, Ram-
sey, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—13.
NAYS — Meiers. Anthony. Buckalcw, Chandler,
Comiess, Fessenden, Foster, (lutlnie, Harris,
Henderson. Johnson, Kirkwood, Morgan, Morrill,
Pomeroy. Sherman, Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle. Wilier, and Williams—22.
ABSENT—JMe- «r«. Chirk, Cratrin, Dixon, Doohttle,
Howard, Howe, Nr<mith, Nve, Poland, Riddle, Sauls-
bury, Wade, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
title of the bill so as to make it read, "A bill
for the payment of the public debt." It all
relates to the public debt.
The motion was agreed to.
civil appropriation eili,.
Mr. GUTHRIE. 1 move to take up the
joint resolution (S. No. 123) in relation to the
settlement of the accounts of William P. Win-
gate, collector at the port of Bangor, Maine,
reported from the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The civil
appropriation bill, whieh was laid aside in-
formally by common consent to take up the
bill of the Senator from Ohio, in now before
the Senate.
_Mr. EESSENDEN. I think I must go on
with that now.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Well, sir, I give way to
yon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hill laid
aside informally will now be proceeded with.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 737)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1867, and for other purposes.
Mr. FESSBNDliN. In order to save time,
I suggest that the amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance be acted upon as they
are reached in the reading of the bill, so as to
avoid the necessity of two readings.
The PRESIDENT jwo tempore. That course
will be taken if there be no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section one, after line ten, to
strike out the following cl-ause:
For facilitating communication between tile Atlan-
tic aud Pacific States by elcctrieal telegraph, $40,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps 1 ought to
explain why the committee struck that out.
Under a law which we passed in regard to a
telegraph company to the Pacific, we by a sort
of contract declared that we would appropri-
ate $40,000 for ten years for this service, and
this is one of the annual appropriations to meet
it; but it was said on very good authority that
that company luid in fact broken its contract,
and broken it habitually. The provision in
that bill was that tliey should not charge over
three dollars for a communication of ten words,
I think, to California, and I am told that since
its consolidation wi'h the other telegraph com-
panies of the country they charge enormously.
On a communication to California over the
line they charge some five dollars in addition,
I believe, so as to make it eight dollars in fact
for a communication across the continent. We
thought that was an entire evasion of the law
upon the subject, and that it was best to strike
out this appropriation until the matter was
either corrected or explained.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to be in-
formed by the chairman of the committee what
his information is as to these charges.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. 1 refer the Senator to
the Senator from'Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can refer my friend to
his own colleague and the Senator from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Williams.] Perhaps they can tell
the Senator as much or more about it than I
can. I am informed, however, that the tax
on a message to San Francisco is something
like eight dollars. The Senator himself will
probably know.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is there any limita-
tion on them?
Mr. SHERMAN. In the charter, in the
law which gives them this $40,000 annually,
there is a limit of three dollars on a message
from St. Jo. to San Francisco.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Sacramento.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps to Sacramento.
We thought that charging this enormous
amount on this end of the line was an eva-
sion of the law.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think froin here to
San Francisco makes the difierence.
Mr. WILLI cU[S. As reference has been
made 10 me, I will say that I know that the
charge for telegraphing ten words from \\ ash.-
ington to Portland, Oregon, is $10 50; and
from Portland, Oregon, to Washington, it is
$11 50 in gold, and the company decline to
