1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
Mr. DIXON. The Senator of course meant
to assume that somebody had said that.
Mr. WADE. Allow me to say on that sub-
ject that I do not know what the President's
policy is. I cannot find it out. I do under-
stand, however, that he is violently opposed to
the course that Congress is taking on tlie sub-
ject ; but where the difference is between him
and Congress I cannot exactly see. He calls
us traitors.
Mr. DIXON. Not all of us.
Mr. WADE. Whom does he so call and
who not? Now, one moment, for I do not
wish to make a speech. The Senator said in
opening his speech 
Mr. DIXON. The Senator will allow me.
I prefer he should wait until I conclude.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. DIXON. I cited the Senator from Ohio
with entire respect. I wish nothing personal
in this discussion. The Senator said that some-
body wished to receive traitors.
Mr. WA DE. I did not say anybody did.
Mr. DIXON. He said a inanwho was will-
ing to admit a traitor was a traitor himself,
and so say I.
Mr. WADE. I put a hypothetical case.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator would not have
said that if he did not suppose that some hu-
man being took that position. 1 suppose he
referred to some one, but if he did not I am
glad to hear it.
I have attempted to state the vague,_ indis-
tinct, indefinite, undecided, and uncertain pol-
icy of those who dissent from the President's
policy. It is not my fault that it has that char-
acter. I have read from their various opinions.
If fliev are uncertain and indistinct and difficult
to define, certainly it is not the fault of the oppo-
nents of those opinions.
Sir. President, what now are the two great
systems of policy with regard to reconstruction
and reunion on which the minds of the people
of this country are to-day divided? One of
these systems, known, byway of distinction, as
that of the President, is indicated in the words
which I have cited from his veto message. _ It
contemplates a careful, cautious, discriminating
admission of a loyal representation from loyal
States and districts in the appropriate House
of Congress, by the separate action of each,
every case to be considered by itself and_ de-
cided on its own merits. 11 recognizes the right
of every loyal State and district to be repre-
sented by loyal men in Congress. _ It draws the
true line of distinction between traitors and true
men. It furnishes to the States lately in rebel-
• lion the strongest possible inducement to loy-
alty and fidelity to the Government. It" makes
treason odious'," by showing that while the trai-
tor and the rebel are excluded from Congress,
tlie loyal and the faithful are cordially received.
It recognizes and rewards loyalty wherever it
is founa, and distinguishes, as it ought, between
a Horace Mavnardand a Jefferson Davis.
What is the other policy? It contemplates
the entire exclusion of representation m either
House of Congress from any State lately in re-
bellion, irrespeeu\ e of its present loyalty^ or
the character of its people, until the adoption
of certain measures not definitely stated, whose
advocates agree neither as to the measures pro-
posed nor in the reasons given for their sup-
port—this exclusion to continue for an indefi-
nite and unlimited peiiod of time, declared by
some 1 o be for five years, by some thirty years,
and by some in a certain contingency forever;
the entiie icgion comprised within the thirteen
secedims States, including Tennessee, to be held
meanwhile as conquered territory, and to be
governed as subject provinces by the central
power, and the people thereof to be ruled as
vassals, liable and subject necessarily at all
times to taxation, while thus wholly deprived
of rcprescniatioii and of every right of self-
government. .
And now, to render certain this policy—or
at least in view of it—it is proposed by the res-
olution now under consideration to enact, so
far as such a resolution can enact, thatneitjer
House of Congress shall admit a member irom
any one of the States lately in rebellion, what-
ever may be'his own past or present character
and conduct, and however true and loyal may
be the people by whom he is elected, until con-
sent, by an act of Congress, passed by both
Houses and signed by the President, in the face
of the express provision of the Constitution, that
" each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tions, qualifications, and returns of its own mem-
bers."
These, Mr. President, are the two systems
of policy now presented for the consideration
of this country. One or the other must be
adopted by the Government. All minor issues,
and all intermediate views and opinions, must
gravitate toward and be absorbed by one or
the other of these great commanding systems
of policy; and all questions of local interest
or of minor details in the work of reconstruc-
tion become therefore unimportant, and may
be left out of consideration.
I have stated what I believe to be the true
issue in the briefest possible form of words.
Here, in my judgment, is the whole of this vast
question which is to agitate the public mind of
this country, and the decision of which is to
shape and control its governmental policy for
a long period of years. All points of mere
detail in regard to it will be lost sight of and
forgotten in view of the vast and overwhelming
idea of the permanent and fraternal reunion of
the people of every one of those States under
a common flag and a common representative
Government. It is impossible, in the nature
of things, that the public mind should be occu-
pied by any other political question. Until
this is decided, finally and forever, no personal
or party consideration can divert the eager at-
tention of the people from the exclusive inves-
tigation of this question. Nor can any thought-
ful mind doubt as to the final decision. Before
the war the love of the Union was the passion
of the loyal national heart, and now that the
war is over its passion will be reunion. For
a brief period the dissevered sections of our
country may be held apart by the main force of
party and of faction, but every day the mutual
attraction of the separated parts is growing
stronger and more irresistible. If there are
any who attempt to hold them asunder their
fate will be that of Milo:
" The Koman, when he rent the oak,
Dreamed not of tlie rebound."
They may be crushed, but the Union will be
restored under a Constitution amended and
purified, bv which slavery is forever abolished,
and freedom, with all its incidents, forever
guarantied.
Believing the first-named policy to be, as has
been conclusively proven by the distinguished
Senator from AVisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,J
that of President Lincoln, and that in adopting
it President Johnson has but followed in the
path of his predecessor ; and believing also
that this policy is but a continuation of the
great struggle in defense of the noble cause of
the Union, for which President Lincoln and all
his martyred brethren died, I declare my con-
fident trust that the people will support and
uphold Andrew Johnson in its advocacy and
defense, as in the darkest days of the war they
supported and upheld Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, by an
interruption of the Senator from Connecticut
in the course of his remarks he was forced,
from a question which I propounded to him, to
take the position that there was a difference
between right and power; and he claimed the
exercise of power, because there was the phys-
ical ability to do what lie asked for, thereby
admitting'that he had no right to do it. Now,
sir, I am not disposed to let the Senator from
Connecticut escape from that position. He lays
I down and maintains before this '>ody the posi-
I lion that the Senate of the United States and
the House of Representatives, each for itself
has the right—no, not the right: he admits that
they have not the right, but he says they have
the physical power, each body for itself, to■ de-
cide upon the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of the members. I admitted that they
had the physical power to do wrong. Every
human being is so created by the great Maker
of us all that he may do wrong; but it was re-
served for the Senator from Connecticut, occu-
pying a position here in this high assembly of
the nation, acting und'er an oath and appealing
to his Maker for the truth of what he should
say, to assert that the Senate of the United
States was the proper body tt> decide by itself
upon the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its members, because it had the physical
power to do so, and not because it was right. '
I forced him to that position, and I shall not
let him escape from it.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator forced me into
no such position; but let him go on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the very ques-
tion, as to physical power. Now, sir, I deny
that, as a Senate, we have the power to do
that which it is not right to do. We can
exercise no power but a rightful power; and
when I prove, as I shall, that we have no right-
ful power to determine what a State organiza-
tion is, I say we have no physical power to do
it, except as criminals and culprits, false to the
oaths we have taken and the positions we hold.
Sir, it is a monstrous doctrine, that a Sena-
tor of the United States has the physical power
to do what he has no moral right to do ; the
physical power to do what he has no rightful
power to do. Thai was the precise form in
which the question was put. I asked if the
Senate of the United States had the right, as I
put the question, and he corrected me and said
power—has the Senate of the United States
power to take a person from the avenue and put
him into this body—the physical power; and
he said they had ; that that person would be a
Senator here; that it was a question of juris-
diction ; and if they had the physical power to
do it they had the jurisdiction. Sir, I deny it.
I deny the rightful jurisdiction to do any such
thing. Was not that the case put to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut? Did he not go on to
comment on that very case, and say that Sena-
tors from Indiana were admitted into this body
who were never electcd, making that the basis
of his argument?
Mr. DIXON. Did I say that was right?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, you did not say
it was right; but you claimed that they had
jurisdiction to do it.
Mr. DIXON. Had they not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir ; it was a usur-
pation. That is the very point I want to bring
the Senator from Connecticut to.
Mr. DIXON. I desire the Senator to explain
to me why he submitted to it for a series of years
and finally by a two-thirds vote expelled the
member, if there was no jurisdiction and be
was not a member of the Senate. After we had
a majority in this body why did he not move a
resolution declaring that that person was not
a member of the body?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have often been com-
pelled to submit to things which I did not
approve. . .
Mr. DIXON. Compelled by a majority of
your own friends here, long before Mr. bright
was expelled?  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senators
will address the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was not expelled
for that cause. I voted at a subsequent period
to turn him out, before he was expelled. Has
the Senator forgotten that when that f>ei's°n
claimed a seat here, I took the ground that he
had no more right to a seat than any person
from Pennsylvania avenue who had never been
elected, but who, by arbitrary power, by phys-
ical power, usurped authority, was placed in
here ? Subsequently ule question arose again,
and in conjunction with the Senator from \ er-
rnont, who is now no more, (Mi. Collamer,)
who occupied the seat where the Senator now
sits, made a report in favor of one of the pres-
ent sitting Senators from the State ot Indiana,
insisting,"when he was elected to that place,
tiat heTiad a right to take the seat, that put-
ting the other person in was nothing but usur
pation.
