2968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
upon and pity her. The clamor of arms yet re-
sounds in her midst; while almost within sight of
this Capitol the ruins of the great rebellion are
yet smoking; and we are laboring under the
dreadful burdens of our debt and counseling
together how we can intrust a share of the Gov-
ernment to the tender hands of the men who
fought to destroy it; how we can consign the
lamb to the wolf tinder constitutional pledges
that the wolf shall forego his nature.
Mr. Speaker, we have little room for self-
congratulations over poor Mexico.
As you came here from your home, Mr.
Speaker, you passed over the little State of
Delaware, represented onthisfloorbyone mem-
ber and at the other end of the Capitol by two
Senators. Let us compare Delaware with
Mexico.
In i860 the total number of free persons in
Delaware over twenty years of age unable to
read and write was:
Of whites .6,661
Of free negroes .6,608
Total .13,169
We must add to these one half the total num-
ber of slaves in that year, namely, 1,798, and
we have a total of 14,068. Now, the total pop-
ulation of Delaware in that year was 112,216 ;
which being divided in half would give us about
50,108 as the total of persons over twenty years
of age. Of this number 11,008 are unable to
read and write, being one fourth of the popu-
lation. Truly, we have cause to set ourselves
above Mexico and commiserate her!
If popular ignorance has plunged Mexico
into poverty, anarchy, and ruin, what shall it
do for the United States ? Can the same cause
yield one set of results west of the boundary
line of Mexico and an entirely different set of
results east of that line? Let those who in-
dulge in such delusions turn to the present
wretched condition of the rebel States. In
what are they better than Mexico ? How many
degrees are "the '•corn-crackers," the "sand-
hillers," and the clay-eaters " above the
"greasers" and guerrillas" of Mexico?
How far were the dirty, unkempt hordes of
ignorant men who flocked under the standards
of Lee and Johnston fitted for self-government,
fitted £® hold up the polished pillars of the
great temple of law, order, and civilization ?
Let those answer who believe they can extract
the precious jewels of moderation and wisdom
out of the darkened brain of ignorance, wretch-
edness, and degradation. For my part, it ap-
pears to me as plain as the sun at noonday,
that if we permit ignorance to spread over the
land, doubling, almost trebling its numbers,
as in the past in every twenty years, eating
away our civilization, degrading our people,
impeding commerce, destroying manufactures,
making brutes of the masses and demagogues
of the leaders, that this great nation of ours
cannot by any possibility survive for half a
century.
It is no flourish of rhetoric to say that we
hold the destiny of mankind in our hands. See
with what eagerness we are scanned by the
civilized world; mark the efforts now being
made by foreign nations to approximate to our
institutions; listen to the words of the great
leaders of nations in the other hemisphere.
While Gladstone praises us, Napoleon soothes
his people by telling them that France and the
United Slates rest on the same ideas! Tyrants
are stealing our livery to serve the devil in. It
is something to feel that upon this globe we
are the forefront of civilization and human
progress and the undoubted masters of the
future.
But with this reflection comes home the over-
whelming responsibilities of our position.
We must not fall. We carry the world upon
our shoulders. No human prescience can cal-
culate the results of our destruction to the
cause of humanity.
Then let us eliminate that which is more
dangerous than slavery—ignorance. Let us
labor to make every man who votes an intelli-
gent, conscious, reasoning, reflecting being.
Then the true Republic will be realized. Then
the struggle of parties will be, not to hold back
the world, not to throw blocks before the car
of progress, but to strike down every error,
every wrong, every injustice.
Pass this bill and you give education a mouth-
piece and a rallying-point. While it will have
no power to enter into the States and interfere
with their systems, it will be able to collect
facts and report the same to Congress, to be
thence spread over the entire country. It will
throw a flood of light upon the dark places of
the land. It will form a public sentiment which
will arouse to increased activity the friends of
education everywhere, and ignorance will fly
before it. It will press forward in its work from
the bright villages of the N orth down to th e lowly
huts of the poor white and the poorer freed-
man in the South; down to the bayous of Loui-
siana, down to the everglades of Florida, down
to the very shores of the Gulf. And in its
track what a glorious assemblage shall pour
forward; the newspapers, the public libraries,
the multiplying railroads, the improved ma-
chinery for agriculture, the increased comforts
for the home, with liberality, generosity, mercy,
justice, and religion.
Pass this bill and after-generations will bless
your work. No man can sum up all its conse-
quences.
Here to this center will be brought all the
results of experience and experiment in the
pursuits of education. Here they will be an-
alyzed and eliminated, and from this center
they will go forth in an unceasing flood to all
parts of the land.
This is a foundation upon which time and
our enormous national growth will build the
noblest of structures. The hope of Agassiz
may here be realized; or even that grander
dream of Bacon, " that university with unlim-
ited power to do good, and with the whole
world paying tribute to it."
Mr. Speaker, the condition of the South is
the great argument in favor of the passage of
this bill at this time. We must take some
measure to provide for or induce the education
of its people, black and white. But, sir, I can
say with truth that 1 press this measure with
no unkind feeling toward the people of that
unfortunate region ; that T will do all in my
power to alleviate the sufferings they yet en-
dure; that their prosperity is identical with that
of the country, and their elevation essential to
the permanence of the nation. I press this
measure because it is just to all and will be
beneficent to all.
As war dies let peace rise from its ashes,
white-winged, white-robed, and luminous with
the light of a new morning—a morning never
to pass away while the world shall stand. Then
may be said, in "the language of one of our own
writers:
"How they pale,
Ancient myth and song and tale,
In this wonder of onr days.
When tiic cruel rod of war
Blossoms white with righteous law.
And the wrath of man is praise."
Mr. Speaker, I now yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Rogers.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman from New Jersey to yield to
me a moment that I may present some amend-
m e ii ts •
Mr. ROGERS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend as follows:
In scetion one, line three, after the word "estab-
lished " insert, the words " by the Secretary of the
Interior;" so that the clause will read:
There shall be established by the Secretary of the
Interior, at tlic city of Washington, a Department
of Education, Ac.
At the end of the same section add the following:
And for this purpose he is hereby authorized to
appoint two clerks, at a salary of $1,800 each per
annum.
Strike out section two.
In section three, lino two, strike out the words
" Commissioner of Education"' and insert in lieu
thereof the words "Secretary of the Interior;" so
that the clause will read:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to present annually, Ac.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I do not intend
to occupy the time of the House but a very
short time in making a few suggestions I
intend to present against the passage of this
bill. In fact, I did not know until the honor-
able gentleman who preceded me began to
speak that a bill of this character was before
the House. I had reason to believe that from
the experience we had in this House and in
this country no more Federal bureaus would
be attempted to be established for the purpose
of carrying out any particular ideas of philan-
thropy of any set of men whatever. I think,
sir, the finances of the country are now suf-
ficiently burdened and that we should allow
the States, as they have been in the habit of
doing, the entire control of looking after the
education of their children.
To establish here at the head of our Federal
affairs in Washington a bureau for the purpose
of giving the principles by which the children
of the different States shall be educated would
be something never before attempted in the
history of this nation. It was never thought
of before. I say here to-day, without fear of
successful contradiction, that at no time in the
history of this Government, from the time of
its first organization down to the present hour,
was there ever before an attempt to establish
a bureau or an institution of any kind or char-
acter at the head of Federal affairs for the pur-
pose of diffusing intelligence throughout the
States of this Federal Union.
I say, sir, in the first place, there is no
authority under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to authorize Congress to interfere
with the education of children of the different
States in any manner, directly or indirectly.
This bill is one similar in purport and effect, so
far as power under the Constitution of the
United States is concerned, to the Freedmen's
Bureau bill. It proposes to put under the
i supervision of a bureau established at Wash-
ington all the schools and educational institu-
tions of the different States of the Union by
collecting such facts and statistics as will war-
rant them by amendments hereafter to the law
now attempted to be passed to control and reg-
ulate the educational system of the whole coun-
try.
I say that this country will compare favora-
bly in respect to education with any country
upon the face of the earth. Go back to the
most glorious days of Rome and Greece or of
English history, and you will fiud nowhere a
population of the character and magnitude of
this where education has been more univer-
sally diffused or a people more intelligent.
I am content, sir, to leave this matter of
education where our fathers left it, where the
history of the country has left it, to the school
systems of the different towns, cities, and
States. Let them carry out and regulate the
system of education without interference, di-
rectly or indirectly, on the part of any bureau
established as ah agent of the Federal Govern-
ment.
This bill proposes to provide that there shall
be established at the city of Washington a
Department of Education, for the purpose of
collecting such statistics and facts as shall
show the condition and progress of education
in the several States and Territories, and of
diffusing such information respecting the or-
ganization and management of schools and.
school systems and methods of teaching as
shall aid the people of the United States in the
establishment and maintenance of efficient
school systems, and otherwise promote the
cause of education throughout the country.
The bill does not seem to be so broad m its
terms as the speech of the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] would indicate.
Although the bill docs not propose to go into
the States and interfere with the regulation of
the school systems there, yet it proposes to col-
lect such statistics which will give controlling
power over the school systems of the States.
How is it proposed to carry on the object in
view? To establish a bureau here which will
I cost this Government more than $100,000 a
