104B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator be kind
enough to tell me the date of that report?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot tell the date of
it now; the Senator will find it in the reports.
Mr. DIXON. Was it not before the final
action of the Senate on the subject?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. Fitch and
Bright were voted into the Senate by, as the
Senator admits,* usurped authority, and he
makes that a precedent now for another usur-
pation to get somebody else in. After they
were placed in the Senate by usurped author-
ity, my friend [Mr. Lane, of Indiana,] was
elected by the Legislature to the Senate, and
ho came here to take the seat oceupicd by one
of those usurpers. I tried to give him the seat
to which he was entitled. The Senator from
Connecticut is forgetful. He will find all that I
have now stated in our records. I was not still
under that usurpation. 1 think on that occa-
sion one of my colleagues, the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, now Secretary of State,
gave notice that from year to year, while he
retained a seat in the Senate, he would bring
up that question.
Now, air, I have shown that the only ground
upon whicli the Senator places himself is one
oi usurpation, one of physical power against, the
exercise of rightful authority; and ho is driven
to that position ; ho can occupy 110 other. No
wonder that he took it, for any other is wholly
untenable, at war with tiie practice of Lire Gov-
ernment, at war with the Constitution of the
country.
Now, what is Ihe question about which so
much has been said? The Constitution of the
United StnJ.es authorizes each House to judge of
the elections, returns, ami qualifications of its
own members; but that presupposes the exist-
ence of a body having authority to olect mem-
bers, and the question whether there is such a
body is reserved to Congress, not to each House
by itself, nor lo the President. How was it with
California? California claimed t.o be a State
of this Union. The question of the admission
of members from the State of California into
the Senate and House of Representatives, and
the recognition of the authorities which had
been set up in California, agitated this whole
Union; and what did Congress do? Did each
House consider whether the men sent here as
members should take their seals, and settle the
question in l hat way? Did it ever enter into the
mind of a single human being in either House
of Congress at that time, that, the Senate had a
right, lo decide that the persons sent, here from
California were entitled to seats, and that that,
would del ermine the whole question, as the Sen-
ator says, whether the organization which had
been inaugurated in California was a rightful
organization, to bo recognized or not? Nobody
thought of such a thing. The Congress of the
United States, both Houses, declared "the
Slalo of California shall be one, and is hereby
declared to be one, of the United States of
America."
Mr. STEWART. 1 desire to propound a
question to the Senator from Illinois. Does
he regard Tennessee now as in the. same posi-
tion as California was before her admission?
1;; that the idea?
.Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; but I regard the
Slale government setup in Tennessee as being
in precisely the condition of the State govern-
ment set up in California. The State of Ten-
nessee had once been organized as a State of
this Union ; the State of California never had
been ; the boundaries had not been fixed.
Mr. STEWART. Let me put my question
again in distinct form. You reamd the State
government now setup in Tennessee as pie-
cisclv the same thirur as thai set up in California?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ye.s, so tar ay our action
is concerned, applicable lo thn question.
^r\ ^I3\VAUT. So thnt it requires an act
of legislation, an act of Congress, to admit the
State. Is that the position? Then I ask if it
would not follow that there should be a neiv
act of admission every time a State changes its
constitution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all; nor does it
require any act of admission of Tennessee now.
I am assuming no such position. If the Sen-
ator will listen to me, and I am capable of
making myself understood, he will understand
my position. The State of Tennessee was once
in the exercise of all its constitutional relations
as one of the States of this Union. To that we
all agree. At some period in 1861 the State
government of the State of Tennessee was over-
thrown and another government was inaugu-
rated there, the members of which swore alle-
giance to some other government, not that of
the United States. While that condition of
things existed in Tennessee there was no State
government there, because the government set
up in hostility to the United States was not a
State government in the contemplation of the
Constitution of tho United States. That I pre-
sume the Senator admits. There was therefore
a time when tho State authorities were usurped
by enemies of the country, and there was no
organization there loyal to the country.
Now, what I mean to say is, that before the
State of Tennessee can be again in constitu-
tional relations with this Government, there
must bo set up' an organization loyal to the Gov-
ernment. Does anybody doubt that ? Who is
todeterminc whetherthatorganizationhas been
set up and whether it is a republican govern-
ment? Suppose that in the new organization
which is sot up principles arc adopted that are
anti-republican, what then ? The Constitution
says that the United Slates shall guaranty to
every State in tho Union a republican form of
government. Who is to inquire whether a
republican form of government has been set
up in Tennessee? Somebody must. Has the
President of the United States any authority to
inquire? Where did he get it? Whence did
ho derive it? As Commander-in-Chief of tho
Army? A great deal of confusion has arisen
in tho minds of some men by confounding the
powers of the Presidont of tho United States
with his powers as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. They have no connection with each
other. Tho Presidcntas President cannot draw
to himself any of tho powers belonging to a
commander-in-chief, and the commander-in-
chief or general cannot draw to himself any
presidential powers when acting as tho com-
mander-in-chief.
11 has been thought proper that the Consti-
tution of the United States shall designate who
shall command our armies, and it says that the
person who is President shall be commander of
the armies. It would have been competent for
the people in their Constitution to have said
that the person who was Chief Justice of tho
Supreme Court of the United States should bo
the commander of the armies; and if the Con-
stitution had so prescribed, the Chief Justice
would have had just as much power as Com-
mander-in-Chief of our armies as the President
has in that capacity. As Coimnandor-in-Chief
ho can draw no powers to himself in conse-
quence of being Presidont. He is designated
as Commander-in-Chief because he is the Pres-
ident, but ho aets either in the one capacity or
tho other. Now, neither as President has the
Constitution devolved upon the Executive au-
thority to determine what is a republican form
of government in a State, nor as Commander-
in-Chief of tho armies has it devolved upon
him anv such authority.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to put a case to
tho Senator. Suppose that when the army of
Lee was in the State of Pennsylvania it had ad-
vanced to Harrisburg. captured the State House,
and every State otlicer, and all the public ar-
chives of that State, had destroyed them all, had
burned down the State House, not leaving a
single State officer or a paper to show that Penn-
sylvania had been a Stale, would it after the
expulsion of tlmt army have required an act of
Congress to readmit Pennsylvania?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ihaveneversaiditwould
require an act of Congress to readmit Tennes-
see ; and when the supposititious ease that the
Senator speaks of arises, it will be time enough
to answer it. That is not the case. Itisalittle
like the hypothetical ease that the Senator from 1
Connecticut dwelt upon a few moments ago in
order to prove that somebody was in favor of
keeping out of the Union eleven States indefi-
nitely. How did he prove it ? Mr. Shella-
barqer had made a speech in the House of
Representatives in which he put a hypothetical
case, and had said that in case such and such
things were to happen, and he was asked the
question how long the present state of things
was to continue, he would with great regret say
'' foreverand there the Senator thought that
somebody was in favor of keeping the States
out indefinitely! Now, will any such hypothet-
ical case occur ? I can put a hypothetical case
to the Senator from Connecticut and he willsay
1' forever.''
Mr. DIXON. I think it will occur. What
he demands will never be granted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the President
of the United States say that if they were dis-
loyal he would keep them out? Now, let me put
a hypothetical case to the Senator from Con-
necticut. If the Senator from Connecticut was
satisfied that the Legislature of South Carolina
was disloyal and sent disloyal men here, and
continued to do so, I ask him how long would
ho keep tho State of South Carolina out?
Would he not answer with tears in his eyes,
"forever?" Or would he admit the men? Will
the Senator please to answer whether he would
let them in, traitors at home and traitors here ?
Let us have the answer.
Mr. DIXON. I will answer that question.
I should say that the State of South Carolina
should never bo admitted so long as it was un-
safe to admit her, so long as she was disloyal
to the Government. But I say because the State
of South Carolina cannot be admitted, therefore
the members of eleven States should not be ex-
cluded. Now, sir, the case put by the gentle-
man from Ohio to whom I referred was not,
strictly speaking, an impossibility or by any
means an impossible ease ; it was the very ease
which has happened. He says that here are
certain guarantees which must be required. I
think they never will be granted; he never can
carry those guarantees; but he says that until
they are carried he is in favor of forever ex-
cluding all these States. Now, the Senator says,
if I understand him, that he does not mean to
put a real case, but one which can never hap-
pen. Tho case put by the Representative from
Ohio was really the case before us; the guar-
antees which he demands are the very guar-
antees that are demanded by a large body of
men here, and he says that until these identi-
cal guarantees are granted he will keep all these
States out,the entire region out, forever. Now, '
the Senator asks me what I would do with the
State of South Carolina. I have never denied
that the Senate of the United States has the
right to keep South Carolina out forever if it is
unsafe to admit her; I say that the Senate of
tho United States must decide the question ; and
until tho Senate of the United States says lior
members are to be admitted she never can be
admitted to be represented here. Sir, it is not
a question of time with regard t,o that, but it is
a question as to who shall decide it, and it is
astonishing to me that the Senator does not
see it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have brought the Sen-
ator, then, to the admission that he himself
would do the same thing in the hypothetical
case which I suppose that Mr. Siiellabakger
said ho would do, except that when I put the
question to him how long he would keep South
Carolina out, instead of saying, as Mr. Shella-
liATiGER did, ''forever," ho said he would never
admit her. It is the difference between never
doing a thing, and not doing it forever. He
says my case will not happen. I hope it will
not. 1 hope the State of South Carolina will
not always be disloyal. I hope the State of
Georgia will not always be disloyal and send
the vice president of the rebellion here as one
of its Senators. But, sir, he wants to know if
because the State of South Carolina is disloyal,
Tennessee is to be kept out. No, sir, not at all.
I never heard anybody say so. I do not know
that anybody thinks so, and I do not believe
