2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Apiil 17,
Herald which affirmed distinctly that the bill
offered by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Coxklia'g] was a more perfect bill than the one
■which had been presented by the chairman of the
committee on the bankrupt law ;^hat it was such
a bill as could not be picked to piecesin debate;
that it was a bill which embodied all the legal
acumen of the House, and a bill which the
author of the paragraph thought would cer-
tainly pass. It seemed to me that, under the
circumstances, gross injustice was done by that
paragraph to the gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and ; and upon exhibitingthe paper to various
members of the House," they concurred with
me in that opinion, and agreed with me that
the injustice should be corrected. I went to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
and pointed out specifically the points wherein
I deemed gross injustice was done to the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, and I asked ofhim
the privilege of making in his paper a correc-
tion of that paragraph, solely for the purpose
of vindicating, as I conceived, the merits and
the ability ot the gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and. I stated to the reporter of the Times the
facts of the case, to wit, "that the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Coxklixg,] who had
voted against the bill of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, had subsequently introduced
that identical bill.
I did not make this statement with the inten-
tion of placing the gentleman from New York
invidiously before the country in any respect;
I was unconscious of being animated by any
motives inimical to him; and if the result of
my interference in this matter and the making
of these statements to the reporter has either
injured his feelings or prejudiced him before
the public, I wish to make this public disa-
vowal of any such intention, and to tender him
an apology.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will indulge me a moment 
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection
to the gentleman from New York making a
personal explanation?
There was no objection.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire merely to ac-
knowledge the courtesy and kindness which
have prompted the gentleman from Connecti-
cut ("Mr. Demixg] to make the explanation
which he has just made.
In the colloquy which took place yesterday
between my colleague [Mr. Uonklixg] and
myself, I did not teel at liberty to go any
further than I did in disavowing any respon-
sibility for the paragraph which appeared in
the Times, because I did not wish dircctly or
indirectly to draw into the affair any gentleman
■without having had previous consultation with
him. I feel obliged to the gentleman from
Connecticut for stating what is the simple fact,
that I had nothing whatever to do with origi-
nating, inspiring, composing, or printing that
paragraph.
Now, if the House will indulge me one mo-
ment longer. I beg to say that my position here
in a twofold capacity, as a member of Congress
and as the editor of a newspaper, puts me some-
times in an embarrassing posture. I am quite
ready always at the proper time and in the
proper place to be responsible to anybody for
anything I may say or do. I beg to add that I
do not think the floor of Congress a proper place
for making an explanation or for taking respon-
sibility for things said or done; and hereafter
I wish it distinctly understood while I will on
the floor respond to any gentleman for anything
I may say here, I will not hold myself subject
to being questioned. I will not hold myself
bound to answer any question which may be
put to me here upon this floor for what I may
say or do or what may be said or done in the
columns of the New York Times. I will answer
in the columns of the New York Times, when
addressed as editor of the New York Times, for
anything I may say or do in that capacity.
RECONSIDERATION OF A TOTE.
Hr. MAR8TON entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which an amendment to the j
third section of the Army bill offered by the ;
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] was ;
adopted yesterday.
EVIDENCE IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House evi-
dence in the contested-election cases of Boyd
against Kelso and Koontz against Coffroth; i
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL, of
Pennsylvania, the House (at four o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tbc following petitions; &c„ were presented under
tho rule and referred to the appropriate committees: •
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of James Coivin. 1
Thomas Black, ancl 1,000 others, wool-growers of j
Muskingum county, Ohio, praying for an increase ;
of duty on foreign wools imported into the United ;
States. i
Also, the memorial of James Cathcr, trustee and |
deacon of the Baptist church-at Glcnville, Gilmer :
county, West Virginia, praying indemnity for the i
use of the church property by United States troops.
Also, the petition of John Kugler, for indemnity (
for use of property at Camp Dennison, Ohio, by Uni- j
ted States military authority. I
By Mr. HITCHCOCK : The petition of citizens of j
Nebraska, praying for juat and equal laws for regu- j
lationof inter-State insurance*. '
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of J. R. Daily, I
charging fraud and mismanagement on tho part oi j
the American Colonization Society, ami asking re- i
lief.
By Mr. KETCIIAM : The memorial of General C. 1
II. Van Wyek, of Orange county, New York, asking j
that jjensions may be increased and the laws-so mod- J
ificd that persons entitled thereto may obtain the i
same with less delay and porplexitythan at present.
Also, the memorial of General 0. H. Van Wyek, ,
asking that thrift light guns, captured at Dingle's
Mills, South Carolina, m April, lbt>5, may be depos-
ited at Washington's headquarters, at JSewbuig,
New York.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of 18 officers of
the State Legislature of Pennsylvania, praying your
honorable body to protect the wool-growers ot the
United States, by imposing a duty of ten cents per
pound and ten per cent, ad valorem on all unwashed
foreign wools competing with American wools, the
value whereof at the last port of export, including
charges in such port, shall he thirty-two cents or less
per pound: and that aduty oftwclveeents per pound
and ten per cent, ad valorem be levied on all like wool,
the value whereof, including charges in port, shall
exceed thirty-two cents per pound; and that the4 above
rates of duties be doubled on washed wools, and
trebled on scoured wools.
Also, the memorial ot 25 members of the State Sen-
ate of Pennsylvania, prayingyour honorable body to
protect the wool-growers of the United States by im-
posing a duty of tcncents per pound and I en percent.
a<t valorem on all unwashed foreign wools competing
with American wools, the value whereof at the last
port of export, including charges in such port, shall
be thirty-two cents or less per pound; and that aduty
of twelvecentsper pound and ten percent, arlvalorem
be levied on all like wool the value whereof, includ-
ing charges in port, shall exceed thirty-two cents per
pound; and that the above rates of duties be doubled
on washed wools, and trebled on scoured wools.
Also, the memorial of 82 members of the Legisla-
tuicot Pennsylvania,praying your honorable body
to protect the wool-growers nf the United States by
imposing a duty of ten cents per pound and ten per
cent, ad valorem on all unwashed foreign woolscom-
petingwith American wools, the value whcieof at the
last port of export, including charges in such port,
shall be thirty-two cents or less per pound? and that
a duty of twelve cents per pound and ten per cent, ad
valorem be levied on alilike wool, the value whereof,
including charges in port, shall exceed thirty-two
cents per pound; and that the above rates of duties
be doubled on washed wools, and trebled on scoured
wook.
Also, the petition of 16 citizens of Meadvillc, Penn-
sylvania, praying your honorable body for a further
protection to the wool-growers of tho United States
by imposing a duty of ten cents per pound and ten
percent, ad valorem on all unwashed foreign wools
competing with American wools, the valuo whereof
at the la.st port of export, including charges in such
port, shall be thirty-two cents or les^per pound; and
that a duty ot twelve cents per pound and ten per
cent, od valorem h& levied on all like wool, the value
whereof, including charges in port, shall exceed
thirty-two cents per pound; and that the above rates
of duties be doubled on washed wools, and trebled on
scoured wools.
Also, the memorial of 28 distillers and dealers in
domestic spirits in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, respectfully representing that the exaction of
personal security for the payment of duties on spirits
deposited in general bonded warehouses entirely out
of the hands of the owner is, in street, a heavy tax
upon trade without any substantial advantage to the
revenue, but. on the contrary, will have a tendency
to diminish it by driving out of business all but the
wealthiest houses. Your petitioners, therefore, pray
your honorable body for the passage of a law requir-
ing1 the simple obligation of the party storing spirits
to pay the duties before removing, in lieu of the bonds
now required by law.
Also, the memorial of 58 members of the bar, nrac-
tiding in the .Federal court- at Pittsb.jrg, Pennsyl-
vania.. lespeetfuliy remonstiating again-1 the passage
of the bill to reorganize the Pedcrai judiciary, uoir
before the Senate of the United States, ior the follow,
ing reasons, Arc.
Also, the petition of 54citizens and wool-growers of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying your hon-
orable body to impose a duty of ten cents per pound
and ten per cent, ad valorem on all unwashed foreign
wools competing with American wools, the value
whereof at the last port of export, including charges
in such port, shall be thirty-two cents or less per
pound; and that a duty of twelve cents per pound
and ten per cent, ad valorem be levied on all like
wools, tho value whereof, including charges in port;,
shall exceed thirty-two cents per pound; and that
the above i ates of duties be doubled on washed wools,
and trebled on scoured wools.
By Mr. LAWREN CE, of Pennsylvania: A petition,
numerously signed by citizens ot Lawrence county,
Pennsylvania, asking an increase of duties on foreign
wools.
By Mr. MARSTON: The petition of William James,
and others, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying
that the recommendation of the Secretary ot tho Navy,
that $192,000 bo paid to the officers and crew of the
Kearsarge for the destruction of the Alabama, be car-
ried into effect.
Also, the petition of Micajah Lunt, and 33 others,
for the same object.
By Mr. MeKEE: The petition of 600 soldiers of the
tenth, fortieth, and forty-fifth Kentucky volunteers,
asking a bounty equal to ^100 per year be paid them
for tho time they served in the United States Army.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A petition from citizens of
*Pitt=burg, Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of
a law to permit steamboats to carry gunpowder when
packed in kegs made of iron.
By Mr. MORRIS: Pour petitions, numerously
signed by ci*«'.cns and wool-growers of the twenty-
fifth congressional district of New York, asking for
an increase of duty on imported wool.^
By Mr, PAINE: The petition of S.Kidder, and 135
others, citizens of Salem, Kenovha county, Wiscon-
sin, for increase of tariff on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of John J. Myi ick, and 50 others,
citizens of Lyons, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
increase of duty on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of S.S.Derbyshire, and76others,
citizens of Pleasant Prairie, Kcnosha county, Wis-
consin, for an increase of tariff on foreign wool*.
Also, the petition of James Bonnell, and 35 others,
individuals and firms of Milwaukee, for the enact-
ment of a Pedcrai insurance law.
Also, the petition of Thomas C. William?, and IS
otheis, citizcns of Yorkville, Racine county, Wiscon-
sin. for increase of duty on foreign wools.
Alto, the petition of Thomas Dale, and 23 others,
citizens of Yorkville. Racine county, Wisconsin, fof
increase of tariff on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of Delos Hale, and 35others,citi-
zens of Ocenomowoc and Summit, Wisconsin, for the
enactment of a Pederafinsurance law.
Also, the petition of Aretas Bailey, and 6) others,
citizens of Caldwell's Praiiie, Racine county, Wis-
consin. for increase of duty on foreign wools.
B.v Mr. RAYMOND: The petition of Charity,
mother of Stephen W. Weed, killed at Gettysburg
to be placed on the pension-list.
By Mr. SMITH: A petition from the Board of Trade
of the city of Louisville, Kentucky, praying Congress
to purchase the Oakland grounds near that city, and
the Government property thereon, for the purpose
of establishing a cavalry depotschool of instruction.
By Mr. U'ASllBURNE, of Illinois*: The petition
of Charles S. Burt, and otheis, of Illinois, manufac-
turers of agricultural implements, for reduction of
the tax on the same.
By Mr. WINDOM: The petition of J. II. Holland,
and 63 others, citizens of Morristown, Puce county,
Minnesota, asking for the passage of a law equalizing
soldiers' bounties.
By Mr. WOODBRIDGE: The petition Z. II. Cun-
fried, and 66 others, citizens of Arlington, Benning-
ton county, Vermont, for an increased protection to
American wool.
Also, the petition of John Balis, and 37 others, citi-
zens of Benson. Rutland county, Vermont, praying
for an additional protection on foreign wool.
Also, the petition.ot Asa Collins, and 27others,citi-
zens of Chittenden, Rutland county, Vermont, pray-
for additional duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Henry C. Gleason, and 40 oth-
ers, citizens of Shrewsbury, Rutland county, Ver-
mont, praying for an in urease of duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Hiram Jones, and others, citi-
zens of Waifsfield, Washington county, Vermont,
praying for an additional duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Boswell Bottum, and 103 others,
and Charles Bacon, and 60 others, for same purpose.
.Also, the petition of II. B. McLure, and 42 others,
citizcns of Middletown, Rutland county, Vermont,
praying for an increased dutv on wool,
Also, the petitionof James Riee,and38 others,citi-
zens of Powlet, Rutland county, Vermont, praying
for an increase of duty on imported wool. . .
Also, the petition of Seneca Root, and others, citi-
zens of Hubhardton, Rutland county, Vermont, pray-
for an increased protection to American wool.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Sherman, and oth-
ers, citizens of Plainfield and Marshlield, Washing-
ton county, Vermont, praying for an additional duty
on wool.
Al&o, the petition of Emory II. Clark, and 42 others,
citizens of East Cabot, Washington county, Vermont,
praying for an increase of the tariff upon the impor-
tations of foreign wools into this country.
