1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
of the volumes was to contain tabular state-
ments of the same nature as those that I sup-
pose are provided .for in the amendment of the
committee. I have no doubt from what has
been said that this Surgeon J. H. Baxter
should have the charge of that portion of the
work; but I think it is unnecessary and unad-
visable to make two works.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will allow
me, I desire to suggest that the Surgeon General
has in his department no records or statistics
whatever touching the subject of the physical ex-
amination of men for admission into the Army,
which shows the strength of this nation. All that
he has is records touching the diseases of the
Army, men who have been admitted and who
have become the victims of disease or of wounds.
Therefore, the two species of statistics, so to
speak, have no opposition to each other and no-
duplication of each other. The one relates to
the physical condition of this whole nation, as
shown by these examinations of men. both ad-
mitted and rejected; while the Surgeon Gen-
eral's office, from the very nature of the case,
only has the records of the wounds and dis-
eases of the soldiers actually in service; so that
there is no incompatibility or hostility in the
two matters whatever.
Mr. CONNESS. That is entirely true, as
Stated by the honorable Senator from Vermont;
but I presume that the records belong to the
Government, and that when the Government
is about providing for a medical history of the
rebellion, under the direction of the Surgeon
General, we can if we see fit (and it appears
to me it might be done with great propriety)
transfer the data described by the Senator,
which I know exist and come from another
source, to the Surgeon General's office, so that
the whole publication may be made together.
There is no necessary inconsistency in doing
that, because of the different sources from which
the information comes. It occurred to me
before the Senator from Rhode Island called
attention to it that it looked very much like the
character of a separate job to provide for this
second publication. I happened to be one of
a number invited to confer in 1804 in the War
Department 011 the subject of the disabilities
of men entering the military service or called
upon to enter the military service, and under-
stand very well the difference in the sources of
the information as well as the difference in the
class of information; but they are, neverthe-
less, statistics of the same kind and character;
one simply going to the fitness or unfitness of
men for the Army, and the other to wounds
and disabilities received in the service.
Mr. ANTHONY. The proposition to pub-
lish a medical and surgical history of the re-
bellion was first brought before the Senate by
a resolution which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. It was then reported
back from them with a recommendation that
it be referred to the Committee.on Printing,
and it was so referred. The proposition was
to print the medical and surgical history of
the war in five volumes ; and it was to include
—I certainly so understood—what is provided
for in this amendment, for which 360,000 is to
be appropriated. The Committee on Printing
were at first all opposed to the publication on
account of its great expense, involving an es-
timate of §250,000, and it would probably cost
considerably more than that; but upon further
examination, and upon looking at the museum
of the Surgeon General, and looking at the
records of his department, I believe we all
came to the conclusion that it would be advis-
able to publish it.
This war has been remarkable in everything,
and in nothing more than the development of
surgical and medical science. There have
been operations performed in the war that
have been uniformly unsuccessful heretofore.
There have been six successful operations of
amputations at the hip joint, and I believe
medical history shows but two previous suc-
cessful operations. Out of thirty-one attempts
in the Army, six were successful. I suppose
this information that the Government has be-
longs to the world, and that in the interests of
humanity and civilization we have no right to
suppress it; but I want the Senate to under-
stand what is going to be the cost of printing
it. It will not cost less than $300,000. I am
m favor of going on with the work. I think
it is due to science; I think it is due to the
world ; and I think it reflects the highest credit
upon our medical service ; but I think it ought
to be put into one work. I think that this por-
tion for which an appropriation is made in the
amendment, should be under the direction of
Surgeon H. Baxter after the statement which
has been made; but I think it ought all to be
put together in one publication.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no diffi-
culty about that; they can arrange that be-
tween them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am afraid that they
cannot arrange it between them. It looks to
me as if there was hostility between the Sur-
geon General and this surgeon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This will give each
man the credit that is due to him.
Mr ANTHONY. But if each man is to print
his portion under his own direction 
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are only to pre-
pare it. We put it all under the direction of
the Superintendent of Public Printing, and
that matter will be arranged by him.
Mr. ANTHONY. If they have their own
way, they will have two volumes just as differ-
ent as they can make them with type and paper,
no doubt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be well
enough to adopt the idea of the Senator from
Rhode Island and require that this should be
printed in connection with the report of the
Surgeon General—printed in the same style
and bound.in the same manner as the report
of the Surgeon General.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My impression is that
it is not necessary to do that. 1 think we can-
not settle that here. One is necessarily a very
expensive work ; it consists in a very great de-
gree of plates, photographs, and things of that
sort. A part of the Surgeon General's report
cannot be done at the Printing Office : that will
have to bo done under the direction of the Sur-
geon General himself. That which will have
to be done elsewhere involves a very large por-
tion of the expenses. Like all anatomical and
medical works, showing bones, diseases, &c.,
it must be full of illustrations fromplates; and
at the Surgeon General's office they have been
finding artists among the soldiers themselves
and preparing that matter, and it must neces-
sarily involve great expense. Ido not believe
that 3300,000 will meet the whole expense of
it. This, 011 the contrary, is a collection of
facts and tables. It is not more expensive than
other printing. I do not believe it will require
the style of printing that the other report, that
of the Surgeon General, does. It is, as the
honorable Senator from Vermont has stated,
a collection of facts showing the physical power
of the country from the description of the men.
I have seen some of these tables; they are
very interesting and got up with a great deal
of skill.
It must be some time before these publica-
tions will begin to any considerable extent, and
at the next session of Congress, if it is thought
proper to connect the two works together, it
can be done ; but I apprehend that we should
make a mistake now in declaring that this work
of Dr. Baxter shall be done in the same style
with that of the Surgeon General. They are
works of an entirely different and distinct char-
acter. The Committee on Finance thought
that under the circumstances it was a mere
matter of justice to this young man, who is a
very able young man, and a very excellent
young man, and has devoted his days and his
nights to this work, that just on the eve of
completing his labors it should not be taken
out of his hands and go to swell the already
high and exalted reputation of others, to whom,
perhaps, reputation is not of so much conse-
quence as it is to him. Under these circum-
stances the Finance Committee unanimously
came to the conclusion that this appropriation
ought to be made in this way. I think it is a
just conclusion, and I hope the Senate will
adopt it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the work is all eoin-
pleted, why do you want an appropriation of
$00,000?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
it will all be needed or not. That we shall
inquire about before it gets through. Let the
amendment stand as it is now, and of course
nothing will be expended that is not necessary;
it is under the direction of the Superintendent
of Public Printing.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert after line sixty-eight of
section one the following clause:
For repairs of the custom-house and post office and
the walks and fences adjoining the same, at Middle-
town, Connecticut, $5,000, the same to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a transfer from
the end of the bill where the item is improperly
placed. The committee wore satisfied that it
was advisable to make the expenditure.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was to strike out the follow-
ing item, from line two hundred and forty-four-
to line two hundred and fifty, of section one:
Eor compensation to the Commissioner and chief
clerk of the General Land Office (to be apportioned
by the Secretary of the Interior) in consideration of
theineieased dutiesdevolving on them from June 7,
1865, to December 31,1865, in connection with the cen-
sus of I860, $1,750.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following item, from line two hundred and
seventy-two to line two hundred and seventy-
five, of section one:
To enalile the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
employ a suitable electrician to take care of and
operate the lighting apparatus of the dome of tho
Capitol, at a salary of $l,5iX) per annum, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after lino
two hundred and seventy-five of sectiou one,
"for pavement in part in front of the War and
Navy Departments to be replaced with stone
flagging, $13,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and seveuty-four of section one,
"'for watchman-for Franklin square, $600."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing clause after the item just adopted:
For the compensation of eight extra clerks in the
office of Indian Affairs, under tho acts of August 5,
1854, March 3, 1855, and M;-.reh i, 1865, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, $11,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
previous item " for the continuation of the work
upon the north portico of the Patent Office
building, $50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing clause after the one just adopted:
For additional contingent expenses of the North-
east Executive Building, or the building occupied by
the Secretary of State, including extra watchmen and
laborers, £6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was to insert after the
item just adopted the following:
For salaries of commissioners under an aet to pro-
vide foi- the revision and consolidation of the statute
laws of the United States, approved Juno 27, 1866,
and for clerical services, and other incidental ex-
penses, the printing to be done by the Government
Printing Office, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing item after the clause just adopted:
To enable the superintendent of Indian affairs for
California to collect information and testimony m
regard to the claim of George McDouoral for beet
furnished Indians in the lower part of California in
the year 1852, $500, or so much thereot as may be
necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
