2970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
the passage of an act of Congress whicli will
establish here a bureau that will cost this Gov-
ernment at least §100,000 a year? Why, sir,
it appears as if we took no consideration or
account of the expenses to which we are sub-
jecting this Government. Why, sir, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has stated within a lew
days that the financial condition of this coun-
try is in the most delicate position in which it
has been during the war or since. Sir, in view
of the numerous failures of large banking
houses in England, in view of the general
financial depression and panic extending from
one end of Europe to the other, I implore this
House to exercise a vigilant care with reference
to our national finances, so that we may emerge
from this conflict with our financial credit un-
tarnished, as well as our national integrity vin-
dicated, so that we may proclaim to the world
the ability of the United States of America, not
only to put down the armies of treason, but to
pay the expenses of the war. And to do this
we must not be burdened by such legislation as
this, founded perhaps upon charitable views,
but calculated to inflict great damage upon the
finances of the country.
If this bureau is not to have extensive rami-
fications throughout the country: if it is not to
involve ail expenditure of thousands on thou
sands of dollars for the collection of statistics,
then it is simply for the payment of eight or
ten clerks to do nothing, fifteen or twenty thou-
sand dollars annually.
I think the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] who introduced the bill to
reduce the pay of the Army will hardly vote
for this bill, which will add to the expenses of
the Federal Government something like one
hundred thousand dollars a year at the lowest
estimate. It can hardly be expected that any
one who would support a bill to reduce the pay
of the oilicers of the regular Army can subscribe
to the principles embodied in this bill.
I hope, sir, that this bill will not be passed,
at least until members have given it a full in-
vestigation j and I trust that their party feel-
ings and party prejudices will not induce them
to pass a bill establishing a bureau such as
was never before heard of in the history of the
country, and which is but one more step to
centralization.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
treasury sales of gold.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury in response to a res-
olution of the House of the 26th ultimo, in
regard to the amount of gold sold by him since
May 1, 1860, the rates of sale. &c. ; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
pay of the army.
The House resumed the consideration of
the special order, being House bill No. 450,
to reduce and establish the pay of the officers
and to regulate the pay of the soldiers of tho
armies of the United States, upon which Mr.
Davis was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I have no in-
tention of trespassing lor a long time on the
patience of the House in the discussion of the
bill before us; but I wish to present a view
which I think is pertinent to it, and which is
based upon practical business principles.
Before, however, proceeding to the consid-
eration of the bill, I will say that 1 speak with-
out any degree of prejudice either for or
against the bill. I am for doing, so far as I
can, exact and equal justice to all parties. I
have no imputation to make upon the motives
of the committee who have introduced this bill
or upon the motives of any of the gentlemen
who have advocated or opposed its passage.
What we all wish or should wish is to do that
which is just as between the Government of
the United States and the officers of that Gov-
ernment employed in the protection of its
interests. The relations which exist between
the officer and the Government are peculiar.
They are unlike those which exist between the
Government and members of Congress, whose
term is temporary, or those exi.--.ling between
the Government and any other temporary
agent.
The officers of the Army are sworn into the ser-
vice as a profession, and except in the volunteer
force this service is intended to be for life.
They are educated to this service, and are the
appointed defenders of the public interests and
the national honor upon the field. The gen-
tleman. therefore, should look kindly upon and
deal liberally with those who stand to it in such
relation. The entire theory of the system of
payment to our military officers is that officers
of equal rank shall receive like compensation
for the personal service which each one in such
rank is supposed capable of rendering. Thus
all brigadier generals receive a certain and
equal pay proper. And the same with slight
modifications may be said of colonels, lieuten-
ant colonels, majors, captains, and lieutenants,
whose pay proper depends upon the several
rank of those officers.
But while the same pay is awarded to all
officers of similar or equal rank for personal
service and ability, it is evident that, while
the places of employment are widely scattered
and varied, from our national capital and our
sea-port towns and great cities, to the interior
of the country and the frontier settlements,
resulting in a vast difference of expenses of
living in these locations, the Government.owe it
to these its agents to compensate them in some
mode for the increased expenses of living in
localities where they may be stationed. And
this precise adjustment is sought to be effected
by the existing laws and Army Regulations in
respect to allowances and commutations. We
cannot ignore the fact that these differences
of expense in living depend upon localities; and
therefore, if the pay proper for a personal ser-
vice be assumed, the necessary expense of main-
tenance should be added, and that varies with
the po^t. city, or town where the offices are
located.'
I insist, therefore, that this bill, cither as it
was originally framed or as it has since been
amended, makes no just provision in respect
to this essential principle ol'justice. Take any
officer of the line, say a major general, whose
pay proper is about S2,6>0 per annum, and
whose allowances for rations, servants' cloth-
ing, forage, ifcc., while he is stationed in quar-
ters furnished by Government make up an ag-
gregate. perhaps,'of $0,500 or $7,000. If this
officer be sent where he can have no Govern-
ment quarters, and where it may be necessary
to furnish quarters for his family at an expense,
perhaps, of 82,000 or more per annum, where
every incidental expense is increased, it is
clear that he must be tho loser unless the Gov-
ernment shall, in some way, allow him com-
mutation for quarters. He is sent by the Gov-
ernment as its agent to attend to its business,
and every expense sustained by him not cov-
ered strictly by the compensation for peisonal
service should bo borne by the Government.
Again, if an officer be sent to some place in
the country where living is cheap, where labor is
low, and where quarters can begiven him by tho
Government, it is clear that these allowances
would be neither necessary nor reasonable.
We ought to look upon this question as one sim-
ply between principal and agent; and in every
civil appointment we know that the compensa-
tion of agents is an'd must be graduated upon
the basis of different allowances for different
locations. A companv in New York employ-
ing agents of equal ability to represent its in-
terests in Washington, in San Francisco, in St.
Louis, in Chicago, or ill Kansas, must assume
all the expenses of its various agents, paying
equalsalaries, or must graduate salaries accord-
ing to the expense of location. Any other sys-
tem would work inequality and injustice.'
The chairman of the Military Committee
presented this bill as one fixing uniform pay
for uniform grade, giving absolute pay in all
cases instead of rations or commutation, and
disci iminating only in favor of those doing ser-
vice in the field. But upon reflection the honor-
able gentleman [Mr. Sciienck] has canccded
the justice of a broader discrimination by pro-
viding for forage, and by substituting an in-
creased percentage of pay every five years
instead of the longevity rations now allowed
for continued service. But he has not gone
far enough to effect a perfect remedy. I shall
offer no criticism upon the chairman or any
member of the Military Committee. I know
that the honorable chairman wishes to be just
to the officers of the Army, but in his desire for
a system of simple ar.d uniform compensation
he has inaugurated a system which pioduces
discriminations and inequalities. Indeed, hav-
ing by his amendments conceded the very prin-
ciple which I claim to be applicable, I know
not why he should not go further and make just
provisions for all parlies, and for all conditions
of the servicc.
Under the existing law and regulations an
officer located at headquarters in Washington
is entitled to the same pay proper as an officer
of equal rank located at Portland, at Fortress
Monroe, St. Louis, Cincinnati, Dayton, or Car-
lisle, whether in Government quarters or in
quarters owned or hired by himself: but if the
officer furnish his own quarters, in the absence
of any Government accommodations, an allow-
ance is made for the additional expense.
Now, sir, what is the present commutation
of officers located at Washington for defraying
the expenses attending the location? Under
the existing law and regulations of the Army
the amount of commutation paid in the city of
Washington during the last year for fuel and
quarters, items not at all embraced in the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, is as
follows:
Commutation for year 1865—Recapitulation.
Kank.
Total
amount.
Tax.
Amount
paid.
Major concral 
81,874 95 i $93 74
$1,781 21
Brigadier general 
1,550 50
77 55
1,472 95
1,530 93
76 54
1,454 39
Lieutenant colonel and
major 
1,270 43
63 51
1,206 92
Captain 
976 45
48 84
927 61
657 45
32 89
624 56
These allowances are made to these officers
because of the difference of expenses in Wash-
ington and other points. It is because the bill
does not go far enough in that regard that I
am compelled to oppose it.
Again,it will be remembered that every offi-
cer who served under this Government and
receives compensation is chargeable with the
internal revenue tax, so that one twentieth of
his pay and commutation is deducted before it
conies to bis hands. There is another item
that has been entirely overlooked by the com-
mittee.
Now, sir, the system under which the Army
has been organized has been in existence for
over seventy years, and so far as I know there
has not been a single petition presented to this
Congress by any officer of the Army in favor
of a change. No such petition has been sent
here, no communication lias been received, and
no officer has been here asking that the ba«is
of pay and commutation should be altered.
Why. therefore, let me ask, is the change pro-
posed? The system which we have introduced
from other countries where it has worked well,
where it lias existed without complaint; a sys-
tem introduced as early as 17U4, under which
we have gone on prosperously and peacefully ;
a system under which the operations of tho
Army which we raised to put down the rebel-
lion were carried on triumphantly, why, sir,
is that system to be changed? Because it is
said that it is a mysterious system, and that
the people of this country desire to know the
amount which is paid to officers and agents for
service.
Sir, there is no very great mystery about it.
Any one of the constituents of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] who can read the
Army Register can determine precisely the
amount of commutation or pay due to an officer
of the Army. It is much more certain knowl-
