1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
the late President of the United States, who
thought that the public interests would be pro-
moted by the early recognition of the new State i
government set up in Louisiana, who thought i
it would be the best policy to admit the mem- j
bers who had been sent from Louisiana. They
were loyal men. The President of the United j
States and all of us wanted to strengthen those \
loyal men. We wanted to give them strength
at home. We desired that they should go back
to the people of Louisiana and say to them
that the Congress of the United States was dis-
posed to encourage them, just a3 we want to
say now to these members from Tennessee who
have been Union men, some of them all the
time, and have fought in the Union Army.
It is with extreme regret, for one, that I feel
compelled to wait an hour, to delay a moment,
in admitting them to their seats in Congress.
I want to strengthen them. T desire that the
people of Tennesseo shall see that these loyal
men who have come here are supported by the
nation, and I want them to have strength at
home that the loyal men may rally around
them. I undertake to say that that is the feel-
ing of every Senator. But, sir, we cannot do
that nntil we can ascertain whether the State
organization has been established upon such a
foundation that it will be true to the Govern-
ment.- We cannot do that if the probability is
that the day after we have done it the State
organization of Tennessee is to be overturned
and placed in rebel hands and another civil
war inaugurated and the Union men driven out
of the State. But we want to do it as soon as
it can be safely done, and I trust that it may
* be safely done very soon. I expect, from the
information 1 have, that we shall be able to do
it at an early period. I am sure there is no
authority for saying that it is the intention of
anybody to keep these members permanently
out of this Congress, or to keep the State of
Tennessee permanently out of the Union, as
they call it, and dissolve the Union.
There is one other idea to which I desire to
refer before 1 sit down, and that is, as to the
course of the Senator from Connecticut and
myself less than a year ago when I was anx-
ious to have the members from Louisiana ad-
mitted. What did I do at that time, as the
chairman of one of your committees, and by
instruction of the committee? Did I ask the
Senators from Louisiana to present themselves
and be sworn as members of this body? Not
at all; but by the unanimous instruction of that
committee 1 brought in a resolution similar to
that now introduced by the committee of fifteen,
and what was ii? If I had it here before me
I would read it, but I can state the purport of
it. It was a joint resolution declaring that the
State government which was inaugurated in the
city of Xew Orleans on a certain day is hereby
declared to be the legitimate government for
the State of Louisiana, entitled to represen-
tation in the Congress of the United States.
Anxious as I was to have those Senators and
Representatives admitted. I did not think, and
the committee did not think that they had any
proper authority to admit them until both
Houses by joint action agreed that the State,
its authorities having been once overthrown,
was in a condition to be repiesented here. All
of us who desired to admit those members were
acting logetli<n'then, and acting in harmony with
the President of the United States, and nobody
thought, and least of all did the lamented Lin-
coln "think, that we wore encroaching upon his
powers. That is precisely what is proposed to
be done now. As I made up my opinion de-
liberately then, the Senator from Connecticut
can hardly expect me to depart now, at the
biddincr of any one, from what seemed to me
upon conscientious convictions to be my duty
then, and what seems to me, acting under the
<;oleumitie« ot an oath, to be my duly to-day.
Mr. X YE obtained the floor.
Mr. DIXOX. I ask permission to say a
woi'd in reply to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr NYE." I yield for an explanation.
Mr. PIXOX." f will be very brief. Mr.
President, the Senator from Illinois exceeds
many members in this body in legal knowledge.
He exceeds them all in that peculiar solemnity
of manner in which he can point out the enor-
mities of those who differ from him on this floor.
If the solemnity of manner in which he de-
picted to the Senate the atrocities of the senti-
ments which I had uttered here could appear
in the report I fear I could scarcely stand before
my constituents.
The Senator represents me as being driven
into the position, and he says he has driven me
there, of claiming that this Senate has a right
to usurp power; that I justified a usurpation
of power. I think I need not say that I took
no such ground. I said nothing about physical
power until the Senator himself used the word'.
He said that a certain act was physical power.
I said the Senate could use physical power.
Any body which has jurisdiction of a subject
can abuse it.
The Supreme Court of the United States may
usurp power and may carry out its mandates.
The House of Representatives may do it; Con-
gress may do it; this body may do it. I do not
claim that they have a right to do it; but I say
that when the Senate of the United States in the
the case of Mr. Bright took upon itself to judge
whether he was elected, it was not a usurpation;
it was a wrong decision. I think they decided
incorrectly. I think that Mr. Bright before that
vote had no right to a seat here; but after the
vote the Senate acquiesced, and I understood
•the Senator himself to acquiesce in the decision.
He says that he afterwards presented a report
against the right of Mr. Bright to a seat. If
he did, he very soon abstained from pushing it
to a conclusion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had a vote on it.
Mr. DIXON. For two long years he acqui-
esced and the Senate acquiesced, for when the
party to which we belong came into power Mr,
Bright was sitting hero and acting here as a
legislator.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. That resolution was
taken up at the very first session after the other.
Mr. PIXOX. In the first place, it was decided
by Mr. Bright's political friends that he was
entitled to a seat here. Afterward a claimant
came here and demanded the seat. Many of
us took the ground that he ought to have if.
What did the Senate decide? That Mr. Bright
was the Senator.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. The Senate was Dem-
ocratic then.
Mr. DIXOX. Perhaps it was; but I say
that we had a majority in this body long before
Mr. Bright was expelled, and two decisions are
no better than one. Had we not a majority in
this body when Mr. Bright was expelled?
Mr. FESSEXDEX. But how long before
that?
Mr. DIXOX. I do not know how long, but
for a considerable time.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. He was expelled the
first session afterward.
Mr. DIXOX. One session at least, and we
all said then that the right of Mr. Bright to his
seat had been acted upon by the Senate, and
that he was a Senator. At all events, the Senate
took that ground when it expelled him. I say
that a man who is not a Senator cannot be ex-
pelled. If he was not a Senator a majority could
have so declared. We expelled him for mis-
conduct, for virtual treason.
Xow, the Senator says that the President has
no power to decide on this question. I do not
claim that he has the power to decide. I claim
this, that he has the power under the Consti-
tution to inform Congress of the state of the
Union, and that is all that he lias done. He
has stated to this body, in a message here, that
he thinks some of those States are in a condi-
tion to be represented. Is that usurpation?
Has he not a right to express that opinion ? Ts
it not his duty to express that opinion? He
does not decide it. He does not claim a right
to decide it. so far as I know. V\ ho shall de-
cide it? That heems to be the whole question.
My claim is this: that the Senate of the United
States has plenary jurisdiction of the whole
subject of the right of a -nember to a seat in
this body, both as to himself and his constit-
uency, the condition of his State, the fact
whether it, is a portion of this country. Every-
thing with regard to it, in my judgment, be-
longs to the Senate of the United States, and
the Congress of the United States is utterly
powerless on that subject. In spite of any act
of Congress the Senate of the United States
has a right to admit a member to this body upon
its own conscience, as the Senator from Maine
said he would do in the cas§ of Mr. Stark. That
was a case where there was no doubt of the
right of the body that sent him here to elect, I
admit, hut the character of the claimant was to
be considered, and the Senator from Maine said
that he on his conscience would go into that
entire question.
Now, one single word with regard to the
necessity of Congress acting on this subject.
T think if the precedents are followed, it will
be seen there is no such necessity. I think it
will be found that in the case of Michigan there
was no action by Congress. I think Senators
were admitted into this body and members into
the House of Representatives before Congress
had acted in any way upon the admission of
Michigan. Perhaps I am mistaken in that.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Connec-
ticut is certainly mistaken in saying that Con-
gress admitted Senators and Representatives
from Michigan before they admitted the State.
Mr. DIXOX. Very well. I am very sure
in the case of California there was none; but,
however, I will not insist upon that point.
Now, take the case of Louisiana. The Sen-
ator says that he and I agreed on that subject.
He says we were anxious for the admission of
the members from Louisiana. What was done
in this body on that subject? I am not sure
that the Senator from Illinois himself reported
a resolution to admit the members from Louis-
iana. I think the Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Laxe] moved to admit the members from Louis-
iana ; and I think the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] acting under a high sense
of duty, took upon himself the responsibility
of defeating that proposition by resorting to
every parliamentary mode that could be used.
Was not that the case? I think so. I think
the question was on the admission of members
from Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMB IfLL. If the Senator will look
at the record he will find that ho is mistaken.
Mr. DIXON. What was the-question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was on the joint res-
olution which was reported by me, as chairman,
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIXON. My impression is that Mr.
Lake, of Kansas, mo ved that those members be
admitted, and that on that question the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Howard,] the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner. ] took what I thought to
be the high responsibility of preventing the
opinion of the Senate from being expressed. I
think that to be the ease. The. Senator from
Massachusetts assents to it. What, then, v/as
the condition? It was proposed in this body
to admit members from Louisiana in the ab-
sence of an act of Congress. There was no act
of Congress declaring Louisiana admitted to
the Union, or restored to the Union, or lit m
any way to be represented here. It is true the
Committee on the Judiciary had reported a res-
olution for that purpose, but it had not been
adopted. It was then proposed to admit those
members; and there is not a Senator within the
sound of mv voice who will not bear witness
that this body, if it had been permitted to come
to a vote, would have admitted the members from
Louisiana. The Senator from Illinois was m
favor of that admission. He is nglit when lie
says that he agreed with me at that time. W hy
were they notadmitted? Because there was no
act of Congress for the admission ol the State I
No, sir; but because there was no law permit-
ting negro suffrage m Louisiana; and for that
reason the Senator from Michigan, the Senator
from Massachusetts, the Senator from Ohio,
and the other Senator from Michigan combined
together to defeat it—I will not spy in an im-
