1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
the minds of other bands of Sioux. I do not
Eee how it is possible to restore peac<^ on the
frontier unless we can dn it by some treaty
arrangement of this kind. The expense is
nothing in comparison with the object to be
accomplished.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There can be no peace
restored among the Indians oil our frontier
except bv compelling them to obedience.
Mr. RAMSEY. The trouble is to catch
them. I admit that the Senator is right in that,
but it is impossible, on these immense plains,
to catch these bands of Indians. We have had
a large number of troops operating against them
for years, but they have very rarely been able
to overtake the Indians.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They were never well
mounted.
Mr. RAMSEY. The great difficulty is in
carrying provender for your horses on these
immense interior wastes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there is
but one way to deal with these Indians on the
plains: you must feed them or fight them.
There is not much honor to be won by the
Army or by the Government in fighting with
these Indians. Compared with us, they arc a
very feeble people. W e are strong; we are a
great nation. They are wandering nomads
over the plains, with no more habitation than
the buffalo has. They go with the buffalo, and
where the buffalo goes. They live upon the
buffalo, and with the buffalo, and range over
those vast plains. The honorable Senator from
California suggests that we should by military
power reduce them to subjection and compel
them to obedience. Whenever we meet them
we can conquer them and. capture and slaugh-
ter them; but it is just as impossible, within
any reasonable amount of expenditure, to catch
these Indians and reduce them to obedience
by war as it is to catch the buffalo upon the
plains or the blackbirds that fly over the plains.
Sir, the proposition to organize great military
expeditions with artillery, to go through these
immense plains and to carry provender for
horses, where every bushel will cost you from
three to five and even ten dollars to feed the
horses on which you ride, is a proposition to
put the finances of the Government into a
bottomless pit.
I know it costs something to keep these
Indians together and feed them : it costs some-
thing to make treaties with them. My friend
from Ohio smiles at the idea of a treaty with an
Indian tribe. Ho thinks the thing is ridiculous
on its face. Compared with a treaty with Great
Britain, I admit it is a very trivial affair; but
so long as human nature is composed of those
elements which dwell even in the breast of an
Indian as well as a white man, by manifesta-
tions of friendship, by kind treatment, by pres-
ents, by feeding them, you can have peace with
them better than by fighting with them, and at
a hundredth part of the expense.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me ask the Sena-
tor, is not that a policy to continue the contro-
versy with them for many years, and will it not
be in the end more expensive?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We have been at war
with these Sioux since 18(52. I have no doubt
the expenditures of the Government in prose-
cuting wars against the Sioux, on these plains,
have amounted to over thirty million dollars.
There is a difference between making appro-
priations to the Interior Department to feed
Indians, and making appropriations to the War
Department to furnish the commissary depart-
ment, or the transportation department with
supplies. You come into Congress with an
estimate from the War Department for com-
missary supplies, and in a single bill of appro-
priation you will appropriate $400,000,000 per-
haps, all in one immense fund, which is drawn
upon by the War Department at will; and so it
is with the quartermaster's department; the
appropriation is all made in one vast sum. But
when we come to ask for appropriations for the
Interior Department., you go into the items and
take them up one case at a time.
Now, wa have negotiated several treatiesf
under the direction of the President, through
the instrumentality of the War Department,
with several bands of these Sioux Indians.
They were fed by the War Department, and
Congress never heard anytiii ng about it. Why
not? Because it was paid for out of the funds
of the commissary department and the quar-
termaster's department, and we never knew
anything about it. But now, wheu the War
Department say they have not the funds and
cannot furnish the commissary supplies any
longer, the Interior Department must furnish
supplies to these very Indians whom the War
Department have invited into council to see
if we can have peace with them; and when
the Interior Department presents its estimates
before Congress and we look into them, they
appear to be very large. The sum to be ap-
propriated here is $121,000, but it is not for a
single treaty. The Indians are invited to meet
at five different posts, hundreds of miles from
each other, some on the upper Platte, some on
the upper Missouri. I suppose they will assem-
ble, and if they assemble, and the War Depart-
ment is not prepared to feed them during the
assembling, what shall be done with them? If
we do not make this appropriation, the lute-
rior Department cannot furnish them sup-
plies. If they come together at our invitation
and then disperse, they will regard it as a kind
of breach of faith on our part to invite them
together in this way to negotiate for a treaty
and make no provision for them while they are
there.
I admit that abuses creep into the Indian
department, as is the case in every depart-
ment where money is to be expended. Abuses
creep in from the infirmity of human nature.
Men are tempted to take advantage of the
Government on contracts. Men are some-
times tempted to defraud the Government;
and in dealing with the Indians perhaps the
temptation may be stronger, if the Indians are
the only witnesses of their transactions. But
after all it is much cheaper for us to deal with
the Indians in this way than it is to deal with
them by arms. I say to my honorable l'riend
from California that I think there is just as
much honoi, and a great deal more humanity,
in feeding and blanketing and making presents
to these Indians than there is in chasing them
over the plains and slaughtering them, with
their wives and children. I hope that this
resolution will pass.
Mr. YvTLSON. How much does it appro-
priate ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One hundred and
twenty-one thousand dollars to pay the ex-
penses of their assembling at five different
posts. Some two thousand are expected at
one place; fifteen hundred at another, fifteen
hundred at another, &c.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not dispute the
point of present judgment with the Senator
from Wisconsin, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, whose particular busi-
ness it is to understand the present question.
Indeed, 1 think he is altogether right in the
present statement of what he desires to have
done by the Government. I think he is alto-
gether wrong, though, in the philosophy of his
policy. The remarks that 1 made some few
minutes since were de,signed rather to express
my view of what should be the policy than what
might be the ptopei thing now to be done. I
understand that our Government through its
proper officers has invited, fortrcatypurposes,
the Sioux Indians north of forty-five degrees
into council. This having been done, it should
be exactly executed, for the faith of t.he Gov-
ernment is involved in it. My remarks, when
I rose before, were directed to the permanent
policy, not the present action. Those Indians
having been assured that wo will treat with
them, and having been invited to meet us. they
must be treated as the3' have been treated here-
tofore.
I only wish to say now that 1 desire to have
done with that policy. 1 do not think that we
have been out of the order of life or nature
because the Indian has retroceded from the
country where he was born, westward and west-
ward still, crowded by the progress of higli civ-
ilization. I do not think that wrong. 1 think
it is one of the provisions of t.he Master that
thus it should be so. It is pleasant to me to:
think that the country that I properly inhabit
is now occupied by the Caucasian race, and it
there masters. It must happen so, for there is
a progression of races, and that progression we
have seen through all ages, from the Pelasgi
and the fair-haired men from the North who
came down from old Scandinavia and made the
heroes of Greece and then in Rome.; they who
conquered, debilitated, and demoralized Italy.
All these things indicate that there is a pro-
gression of races. I would not willingly injure
one of the race who inhabited our country when4
the first white man landed on these shores. I
am partial to the Indian race. I was taught
in my childhood bv the Oneidas 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that the order of
tho day may lie over informally until we can
come to a vote on this resolution.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If no ob-
jection be m^de, the order of .the day will _ be
informally laid aside, and the joint resolution -
which was under discussion will still be con-
sidered as before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to take
up any further time; but I have before me the
letter of General Curtis in which he states the
number of Indians that are expccted to assem-
ble at these different posts; at Fort Laramie,
twenty-five hundred; at Eorl Sully, two thou-
sand ; at Fort Rice, two thousand; at Fort
Bertliold, two thousand; at Fort Union, twenty-
five hundred. It will be seen, therefore, that
there are two thousand Indians and upward to
assemble at each one of these posts, and there-
fore I think the estimate iS not an extravagant
one.
Mr. NESMITH. I look upon this as a
matter of very great importance, and I hope
we shall have the immediate action of the Sen-
ate upon it. It is very well understood that
during the last season great efforts were made
to reduce the Indians of the upper Missonn
and from there to Montana to some state of
subjection or of peace. They had given great
annoyance to travelers and settlers in Dakota
and Minnesota as well as on the overland route.
Tho energies of the Government were directed
last summer to their subjugation. Failing in
that, it was deemed by the military officers and
the officers brought in contact with those peo-
ple that it was better to inaugurate some sys-
tem by which a treaty could, bo made with,
them, that it would be cheaper for the Govern-
ment apd better for all parties concerned that
some amicable arrangement should be made
which should secure peace on the frontier
and on the plains. The energies of the officers
of the Army and other Government officials
who were brought in contact with them last
year were directed to that purpose. The result
was t]jat arrangements were made whereby
large numbers of them are to assemble early
this spring for the purpose of concluding tem-
porary treaties formed by the military who wore
in that country last summer.
Under that arrangement it is expected that
within a few days large numbers oi these peo-
ple will be assembled at different points. They
come with the express guarantee and under-
standing on the part of the Government offi-
cials that certain sup] dies shall be furnished
them while there. We may question the right
of the officers to make this pledge in advance;
but that is a point of which an Indian has no
very correct comprehension. When lie meets
a Government official and lie pledges himselr
to do a certain thing, he regards that as tlie
pledge of the Government. The Indian does
not comprehend that the officer may not e
authorized to make pledges in advance where y
large sums of money shall be disbursed befor
appropriation bills are passed by Congress.
