1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
proper manner. That is for them to judge.
They are the judges of their own action. I
thought if I had token that course I should have
been wrong; but they prevented a vote on that
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
roc J will refer to the Journal oil that subject,
as he places me in a -wrong position.
Mr. DIXON. Certainly; I only wish to
ascertain the facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the Journal of Feb-
ruary 23, 1805, I find this entry:
"On motion by Mr. Tecmbdm. to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of tho bill until to-morrow, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
joint resolution (S. No. 117) recognising the govern-
ment. of the State of Louisiana,
"It was determined in tho affirmativo—yeas 20,
nays 17."
The Senator from Connecticut, voted with me
on that motion. The resolution came up, and
various motions were made, and we got no defi-
nite action upon it. The Senator recollects it
probably; but the question was not on admit-
ting members, but it was on recognizing the
government of Louisiana.
Mr. DIXON. That is as I supposed.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will permit
me-  
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will excuse me,
I prefer not io give way. 1 shall be through in
a moment.
Mr. HOWARD. Tho Senator has made a
statement in regard (o myself which requires
correction, and 1 hope ho will allow me to
correct it here.
Mr. DIXON. 1 will correct it myself. The
Senator was not in that combination, if that is
tho point in which I err.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; that is not the
point in which you err.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Connecticut is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DIXON. 1 must decline to give way.
The Senator will have an opportunity to reply.
Now, what was the condition of'alfaii's? llere
was a joint resolution, reported by the Com-
mittee on tho J udiciary, to recognize the State
government of Louisiana. The Senator says 1
voteil with him on that resolution. Very well;
if 1 did I probably voted right. What, then,
followed I That resolution was never adopted
by Congress. 1 think it was never adopted by
this body. Notwithstanding that failure, a res-
olution ivik oll'ered in this body for the admis-
sion of the Senators from Louisiana by name.
Upon Ilia! question did the Senate conic to a
vote? No. Why not? Because, as the Sen-
ator from Illinois then said, a fact,ions course
was pursued in opposition to it. I think I am
not mistaken in that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not upon that
question.
Mr. DIXON. It was on the question of
the admission of Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. We never
had that, question up for action.
Mr. DIXON. Then 1 stand corrected. I
have a distinct recollection that, somebody
denounced it as a factious opposition, and I
thought it. was the Senator from Illinois; but
he says 1 am mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Con-
necticut and myself ought not to misunderstand
the facts. Tho Senator is under a misappre-
hension, of course. We had no controversy
in the Senate about a resolution to admit Sen-
ators. The controversy in the Senate was on
the adoption of a resolution recognizing the
Slat" government of Louisiana, not on a motion
by the Senator 1'uun Kansas or anybody else to
admit Senators.
Mr. D1X0X. Was it not for the admission
of Senators from Louisiana?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. DIXON. Then I am mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may have been
such a motion, but there was no controversy
on that subject.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts diduotpreventtheSenate from coming
to a- vote on. that subject, I am entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You are mistaken.
Mr. DIXON. 1 will ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether I am right on that point.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the question was on
the joint resolution to which the Senator from
Illinois refers.
Mr. DIXON. Then I am mistaken. I sup-
posed it was on the admission of the Senators
from that State. If I am mistaken in that, of
course what I have said on that point falls to
the ground.
Mr. SUMNER. That was considered as
preliminary, of course, to the admission of
Senators.
Mr. DIXON. I know that we had a contest
on the admission of those Senators. I know
that we were divided on that subject. I know
that the Senator from Illinois thought that they
ought to be admitted. I so understood him.
I thought the majority of the Senate were in
favor of their admission at that session. Per-
haps I am mistaken. The rccord will show,
and I will examine it on that point
Now, one single word as to the right of the
Senate to judge of this whole matter. The
Senator says it is an act of usurpation for the
Senate to judge whether a State is a foreign
government, or at war against this G overnment,
or in any way, by reason of such a state of
things, unfit to be represented. 1 have already
read what Judge Story says on that subject,
and I will read it once more.
" [t is obvious that a power must bo lodged some-
where to judge of the elections, returns and qualifi-
cations of' the members of each House composing the
Legislature: l'or otherwise there could be 110 cer-
tainty as to who wore Icprit imuf ely chosen members,
and any intruder or usurper might, claim a seat and
thus trample upon thorightsand )>riv ilegesandliber-
tics of tho people. Indeed, elections would become,
under such circumstances, a mere mockery; and legis-
lation the exercise of sovereignty by any self-oonsti-
tuted body.
"Tho only possible question on such a subject is
us to the body in which such a powerahallbe lodged.
If lodged in anyothcr than thelegislativo bodyitself,
its independence, its purity, and oven its existence
and action may be destroyed or put into imminent
danger. No other body but itself can have the samo
motives to preserve and perpetuate these attributes;
no oilier body can be. so perpetually watchful to jruard
its own rights and privileges from infringement, to
purity and vindicate its own character, and to pre-
serve tho rights and sustain the tiee choice of its con-
stituents. Accordingly, tho power has always boon
lodged in tho legislative body by the uniform prac-
tice of lingland and America."
What is the legislative body? It is each
House of Congress. Congiess is made up of
two bodies, the House of Representatives and
the Senate, and, when it aets as a law-making
power, the Executive, who must give his ap-
proval. Now, the Senator says 1 have ad-
vanced here a strange doctrine, and he, cruel
limn ns he is, has driven me into a position in
which I have been compelled to assert an
enormous heresy, one that, is scarcely com-
patible with an honest desire and intention to
perform the duties of a Senator. 1 have taken
no such ground. I have taken no ground that,
the Semite has a right to usurp powers. 1 think
it, has jurisdiction of the entire question of what
constitutes a Senator in every aspect; and the
lacttlmt that power may be abused does not
go against its jurisdiction. That is all I said.
I said admitting it was physical power and it
inig :t be abused did not prove that the juris-
diet ion did not, exist. A jury may be corrupt;
they have the physical power to do wrong; but
they have jui isdiction of the question before
them, and they can render a verdict. That ver-
dict may be void for fraud or collusion or any
other reason. There may be an appeal and a
new trial. But here there is no appeal, no new
trial. The decision of this body is final. There
must be an end at some time of questions of
this kind, and the Constitution of the United
States has declared that the final decision shall
rest in the Senate of the United States, and in
the other House upon a similar question.
Docs it follow because it, may be abused that
the power does not exist? And am I to be
held up, in that solemn and magisterial tone
which the Senator is so fond of assuming, as a
man who has asserted before this Senate an
atrocious doctrine, to which, he says, with that
ample charity with which he covers the sins of
his colleagues, I was driven by his powerful
argument? If I was I am certainty excusable
for the position I took if I could use no other.
1 said that the jurisdiction existed. It might
be abused, but the fact that it might be abused,
that physical power might bo resorted to, did
not prove that the jurisdiction did not exist.
This body can exclude any member here, that
Senator himself or myself, for any reason, or
without giving a reason. Would it be right, to
do it? Of course it would not, but the fact that
it can be abused, that tyranny may be practiced,
and despotism may prevail here, does not show
that we have not the power.
I do not wish to be understood as agreeing
with the Senator from Illinois. He laid down
a doctrine to which I do not agree. I think
that a State lately in rebellion is not entitled
immediately to representation in this body or
in the other House; but who shall judge on
that question ? I say that this body and this
body alone has the right to judge on the ques-
tion of the admission of Senators, and that Con-
gress has no jurisdiction whatever over the sub-
ject. I do not say that an act of Congress would
be improper, but I say that this Senate would
not bo bound by it. I say that if Congress could
pass an act to-day, and it should be approved
by the President, excluding Tennessee from the
Union, we could admit a Senator from Tennes-
see as a member of this body, and I avow here
that I should vote for his admission in spite of
such a law, because I should think such a law
a violation of tho constitutional rights of this
body.
It will be remembered that when the resolu-
tion for the appointment of this committee of
fifteen was before the Senate I offered an amend-
ment to it providing that nothing therein con-
tained should be so construed as to impair or
delay the right of this body to judge of the quali-
fications of its own members. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] asked me if I
supposed that any law could do that. I said
no, I did not suppose so, but I would not pass
an act that seemed on its face to do it. I
would not pass an act that might be construed
as doing it. I think the Senator meant that he
believed Congress had no power to take away
the entire jurisdiction of this body over the whole
subject. It rests, in my judgment, here.
Now, sir, 1 do not suppose there is any Sen-
ator on this floor who would be more strict
and more radical, if you please to call it so,
than I should as to the question whether a man
from the rebel States was fit to be a member of
this body. I voted to expel a man in limine
coming from a loyal State at peace with this
Government, because he said that Jeff. Da-
vis's flag was his Hag. I differed front many
Senators in that respect; and now if a mem-
ber comes here from South Carolina I shall
require of him the strictest proof, not only that
his State is a fit one in all respects to be repre-
sented here, but that he himself is a lit asso-
ciate for Senators on this floor, and that it is
consistent with the public safety that he should
sit here. That, raises the question of time.
With regard to that, question I would not admit
that any party desires delay. I was not object-
ing to an examination on that point. 1 was ob-
jecting to theoretical propositions being raised,
schemes, projects, theories which require an
indefinite time for their decision and consider-
ation before the Senate could act on this ques-
tion. That is what 1 had reference to when I
spoke of the question of indefinite time, and
not to the time that this body might exhaust,
f should say that this body ought to take all tho
time that it, supposed to be necessary, however
long it might be, and if wo were acting on the
question of the admission of Sehatois from
Tennessee, I do not think the public miud
would be agitated because we took time to con-
sider it. But when you lay down the propo-
sition that no representation can possibly be
had from any State, irrespective of its char-
acter, irrespective of the loyalty of the claim-
ants until certain policies, projects, ar.d guar.
