2972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DUMONT. Certainly, and I say so yet.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the gentleman to
say that lie knew it, and also that lie had never
seen a pay-roll which told the truth; and I sup-
Eosed he meant that those pay-rolls liad passed
is supervision, and had been certified through
his instrumentality. If I have done him injus-
tice in that I ask his pardon.
A great deal has been said here upon the
subject of commutation of rations, and there
appears to be an issue raised on that subjcct
between the Military Committee and the friends
of this bill and some who are opposed to it.
Ithas been asserted here most positively that
under the present system and under the present
law there is no such thing as drawing rations in
kind by an officer. Sir, if that provision exists
under the law, then there could be mentioned
cases in which to deny it would operate as a
gross injustice. Now, I undertake to say that
the provision of the law to-day is such that it
is within the option of the officer to say whether
he will draw his rations, fuel, &c.. in kind or
will commute. Thegeutleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. P.uxe,] in whose ability, in whose integ-
rity, in whose character in every respect I have
the highest degree of confidence, stated that
all who had asserted a different principle were
utterly mistaken. I know he said it because
he believed it. He said he did not know where
the legislation was, but that that was the uni-
form practice of the Army and was the law.
Now, sir, if the gentleman will turn to the Stat-
utes of 1795, second session, chapter forty-four,
section eleven, he will find this provision:
"That tho commissioned officers aforesaid shall be
entitled to receive for their daily subsistence the fol-
lowing number of rations of provisions, to wit."
And after specifying the number of rations
to which the officer of each grade shall be
entitled, the section continues:
" Or money in lieu thereof at the option of said
officers, at the contract price at the posts respectively
where the rations shall become due."
Now, sir, that law was amended by an act
passed in 1796, in which we find a similar pro-
vision. I refer gentlemen to the Laws of 1796,
first session, chapter thirty-nine, section thir-
teen, where it is provided—
" That the commissioned officers aforesaid shall bo
entitled to receive for their daily subsistence the fol-
lowing number of rations of provisions."
After specifying the number of rations to
which the officer of each grade shall be enti-
tled, the section continues:
" Or money in lieu thereof at the option of said
officers at the posts respectively where the rations
shall become due."
Now, I know it will be said, and said with
apparent fairness, that the Government fur-
nishes rations at the posts where the officers
are located at the price paid by the Govern-
ment at the point of purchase. That is very
true; yet, sir, how often does it happen in the
experience of an army that stores are destroyed,
vessels bearing them are shipwrecked, ware-
houses are burned down, so that the officers
of subsistence have no recourse but to go to
the nearest market and there purchase sub-
sistence at exorbitant prices demanded for
provisions upon the frontier and in other local-
ities. Yet, in such a case, under the provis-
ions of this bill, an officer, instead of paying
what it would cost him for rations under other
circumstances, pays three or four times as
much from his fixed and unchanging compen-
sation.
Now. sir, while I think of it, let me state
that the reason why the change referred to has
been adopted is found in the Articles of War,
or in the Regulations of the War Department,
in regard to rations. In 1847 or 1848, soon
after we took possession of California, officers
in the interior, who were entitled to draw ra-
tions at their cost to the Government, found
that they could not live upon their pay. As I
have stated, the rent of a single room, scarcely
large enough to furnish space for a wash-stand
and a bed. would, in some instances, amount
to 8100 per month; board would cost six or
seven or ten dollars per day; labor would be
worth five dollars per day, and the price of
June 5,
everything else would be in the same propor-
tion. Officers in California, being entitled un-
der the law to draw their rations in kind at the
place where the Government held them, and at
the cost to the Government at the point of
purchase without transportation, drew their
rations in kind and sold them for two and a
half or three dollars per ration. In this way
one officer drew at one time, as I have been
told, $9,000 in money from the Government;
and thus he was enabled to sustain himself. I
see nothing unlawful in the act although it was
censured. This is the reason why this change
was introduced. It is not a matter of law. The
law stands to-day as I have read it, unrepealed
and in full force; and I do not believe that it
is best for us at this time to abolish a system
which has worked harmoniously and equitably
with respect to all parties, and to substitute
for it a system which fixes an arbitrary and
unchanging rule of compensation.
Again, sir, on the subject of forage, there
have been times when on the plains the horse
of an officer could not be supported for six
dollars a day. Yet this bill, as first intro-
duced, made no allowance for such a case.
The chairman of the committee has, how-
ever, very wisely, as I think, proposed, and
the House has adopted, an amendment obvi-
ating this difficulty; an amendment introdu-
cing into this bill the very principle on which
he based his objections to the existing law.
Now, sir, if he will go further, if he will do
justice in reference to the commutation of
quarters, I have no objection to the provisions
of the bill. All I ask is justice, and that is all
these officers demand.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] in
his opening speech assumed what was denied
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dumont,]
■who addressed the House yesterday on this
subject. The chairman of the committee then
said:
" This bill, it will be observed, is entitled 'A bill to
reduce and establish the pay of the officers and to
regulate tho pay of the soldiers of the armies of the
United States.'"
I have no doubt the gentleman -was entirely
sincere in that declaration: but I want to know
where the reduction is. Is it in reference to
those who have been long in the service? No,
sir. As to them, when you come to the amend-
ment he proposes in reference to the longevity
rations, you give an officer who has been long
in the service largely increased pay. You do
not reduce the pay of such officers, but you do
reduce the pay of those who cannot bear the
reduction. You take the junior officers, the
second lieutenants, and you reduce them. It
costs as much to clothe and feed a second lieu-
tenant as a major general. Their quarters and
their family relations maybe different, but their
personal expenses for clothing, &c., are gen-
erally not very unequal.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dumoxt,]
after criticising this bill, advocates it because
it is a lieasure for the increase of the pay of
the Army. If that be so, I say this is not the
time to increase the pay of officers of the Army.
And if it is to reduce the pay, I also say that
this is not the time to do so. I am not willing
in the year 1866, when a year has scarcely
elapsed since the gallant Army of the Repub-
lic struck down rebellion in the field ; I am not
willing that those who stood gallantly by the
flag, and who carried it on many battle-fields
through fire and blood to victory, now wounded,
perhaps disabled, broken down in health ; I
am not willing that they shall be met by the
Congress of the United States with a proposi-
tion to reduce their pay. I want every officer
who served his country well shall be liberally
compensated for the service he has rendered.
They stand high in the record of this nation,
exhibiting a more brilliant array of martial
deeds and prowess than was ever before exhib-
ited by any country in the world. I am not
willing that those men whose names are graven
indelibly on the tablets of time should now,
one year after the war has ended, have their
pay reduced by the action of this Congress.
Now, sir, whether it be to reduce the pay or
to increase the pay of the Army this is not the
time, and I wish this whole subject could be
deferred until the next session of Congress,
when a plan might be adopted embracing many
of the ideas of the honorable chairman of the
committee which would meet with the cordial
concurrence of the country. I am sure I should
be glad to sustain it.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.]
Mr. ROGERS. I believe I have only a few
minutes. How much time have I?
The SPEAKER. There are only fifteen
minutes remaining of the hour of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, of course my.
experience in military matters is very limited.
Much of the information that I have with regard
to the status of the Army has been derived from
the speeches I have heard delivered on this
occasion. But when I look at the act first
organizing the Army and fixing its compensa-
tion, which it is now proposed to change, I find
that it dates back to March 3, 1793. It is
enough for me to know that a system of pay
which has existed for over seventy years can-
not suddenly at this time be changed without
doing injustice to officers of the regular Army.
There is an impresbion on my mind—I think I
have seen it in this House from the commence-
ment of the session—that several gentlemen
who have not been educated at West Point have
been continually attacking the regular Army.
I believe that had it not been for the discipline
which the West Point officers, whose pay is
attempted to be cut down by this bill, infused
into the gallant volunteers, this rebellion would
never have been put down and secession in this
country would have succeeded.
Sir, I remember, in looking over the history
of this rebellion, that Stonewall Jackson at one
time with fifteen thousand men kept three able
generals on our side, who had not been edu-
cated at West-Point, in abeyance for six months
with sixty-five thousand men under their com-
mand, although if they had been educated
cadets it might have been the same.
I am further opposed to this bill because
there is no member of the regular Army who is
advocating it. This question has been brought
before the Congress of the United States at
different times. It was talked about in 182G,
and a report upon it was made by the then
Paymaster General, and his report was against
it; and it is a significant fact, which has be-
come a part of the history of the country, that
no Secretary of War, from the first Secretary
of War down to the present time, with the
exception of Jefferson Davis, has ever advo-
cated the system of pay proposed by the bill
now under discussion.
A Member. General Bragg.
Mr. ROGERS. General Bragg was never
Secretary of War. The only man who ever
held the office of Secretary of War, from the
commencement of our political existence, who
advocated this system of pay, was Jefferson
Davis. Braxton Bragg did recommend it, but
he was never'the Secretary of War of the Uni-
ted States. And, sir, during the late lebellion,
in the rebellious States, where nobody will
deny that a great army was marshaled, although
in a bad cause, Jefferson Davis and Braxton
Bragg, who was a general under him, both ad-
vocated the same system of pay that we have had
in force since the organization of the Army in
1795; and our whole experience through sev-
eral generations, and even the experience of
England for several hundred years before the
revolutionary war, demonstrate the fact that
no substantial change can bo made in the pay
system but what would interfere with the
morale and efficiency of the American Army.
I am opposed to anything that interferes with
the pay of the officers of the regular Army,
because I believe the nation owes them a debt
of gratitude, equally with the volunteers, that
they can never pay. I rerpomber that when
despotism reigned in this country, when men
were arrested and dragged from their beds at
