2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
That is a matter that cannot be brought to the
comprehension of the Indian. He treats with
the officer and looks upon him as one fully au-
thorized to enter uto and make these arrange-
ments ; and when a failure comes to carry out
the provisions or stipulations made between
that officer and the Indian, the Indian is bound
to look upon it as a species of bad faith exer-
cised on the part of the Government, and conse-
quently he considers himself justified in resort-
ing to hostilities for what he considers the bad
faith of the Government. ■
The view in which the Indian looks upon
this matter is that the Government is pledged
to certain things, and the certain things to
which it is pledged are set forth in detail in
this report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. It is an estimate showing all the de-
tails, all that is necessary to carry out sub-
stantially the temporary treaties' which were
formed last year and to meet the Indians this
spring, as was understood and arranged be-
tween the officers of the Government and the
Indians at that time. It provides for large
bodies of Indians being assembled at each
place; for instance, fifteen hundred Indians
are notified to assemble on the 20th of May at
Fort Sully; then, again, fifteen hundred more
are notified to assemble on the 1st of June at
Fort Rice; at Fort Berthold fifteen hundred
Indians are notified to assemble on the 20th of
June ; andat B'ort Union two thousand Indians
are notified to assemble on the 5th of July;
at Fort Laramie two thousand Indians are
notified to assemble on the 20th of May, and
so on. These different assemblages have to
be provided for. The Indians have been
notified that they are expected to assemble
there in pursuance of the negotiations which
have been had with them. They are doubtless
now on the way to these different points of
rendezvous ; and if this appropriation fails to
pass, I apprehend that we shall have a repeti-
tion of the scenes of bloodshed, outrage, mur-
der, and plunder which have been going on
for the last two years in that country.
The urgency for the passage of this resolu-
tion consists in this fact: that the Indians being
on the way to the different points of rendez-
vous it is impossible to wait until the general
appropriation bill can pass Congress to carry
oat the objects contemplated by this resolution
and by this detailed statement which I now
hold in my hand. If we delay it until that time
the period will have long passed when the Indi-
ans shall have assembled and this distribution
of supplies shoiild have taken place among
them. Therefore, for the preservation of peace
in that vast region of country, and in view of
the objects which the military officers report
can probably be accomplished—the making of
a permanent peace there and preventing a
recurrence of hostilities hereafter—I urge on
the Senate the adoption of the resolution. On
an examination of the details of the estimates,
as submitted by the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, I think
they will be found most reasonable, and the
sum is not so largo as to excite any very great
apprehensions on the part of Congress or of
the country if we are to realize what I appre-
hend we shall from this general negotiation—a
restoration of peace on the frontiers and on
the plains.
Mr. RAMSEY. In addition to the other
considerations which have been urged here on
behalf of this appropriation, I desire to men-
tion the fact that at this time many thousands
of our people are passing up the Missouri river:
many boats have already left St. Louis on their
way up to Montana; two thousand miles of that
route are through this hostile country; and
these Indians, as the Senator from Oregon has
said, will look upon the failure to furnish these
supplies as a breach of faith on the part of the
Government; and if our commissioners do not
meet them with the supplies, they will seek
revenge on the people going up there; and no
man can tel! what destruction of life and prop-
erty will ensue.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I wish to get at,
and what these Senators on the Committee on
Indian Affairs have not yet told us, is, who
authorized the assembling of these Indian
tribes. I have looked in these papers, and I
cannot tell who did it. Was it the Secretary
of the Interior, anticipating an appropriation
from Congress ? I see nothing to show that.
Did the Commissioner of Indian Affairs under-
take to make six new treaties with some ten
thousand hostile Indians without authority of
law?# If not, who did it? Or was it left to
some* wandering Indian agent or superintend-
ent of Indian affairs'!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to state on
that subject the facts. During the last year
hostilities were prevailing all over the plains.
General Curtis was in command, General Sully
being with the expedition far northwest, Gen-
eral Dodge down on the Arkansas. It will be
remembered by my honorable friend that a
committee was appointed on the part of Con-
gress last year to inquire into Indian affairs ;
and the gentleman who now sits in the chair,
[Mr. Foster,] myself, and other gentlemen,
were appointed upon that committee. When
we were upon the upper Arkansas, we were
decidedly of the opinion that it was better to
make peace with these Indians than it was to
carry on this system of warfare, which was so
enormously expensive and produced such very
little results so far as the capturing of any of
the Indians was concerned. We pressed the
consideration of it upon the President, the Sec-
retary of War, and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. They had consultations here in answer
to our communications to them by telegraph
and otherwise; and we received telegraphic
communications from them in return; and upon
full consultation in the Cabinet with the Presi-
dent, it was determined to enter upon a system
of negotiation of peace with the tribes instead
of carrying on hostilities. All the military
commanders were so directed by the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Interior, upon
instructions that were agreed upon between the
Secretary of War and the Interior Department,
with the sanction of the President. Commis-
sioners were appointed to negotiate treaties of
peace in the Indian country and up the Arkansas.
Among those who were appointed to nego-
tiate treaties on the upper Arkansas were Gen-
eral Harney, who is famous among the Indians
as a great general in fighting them, and Kit
Carson, who was equally famous. In negotia-
ting the treaties on the Platte and north of the
Platte in Dakota, General Curtis, who had been
irk com ma rid of the department, was employed
as one of the commissioners, and he entered
into those treaties that have been already con-
firmed. Other gentlemen were with him. Gen-
eral Sully and-General Sibley, the very officers
of the Army who had had most to do with those
Indians and knew the Indians best, and as I
understand it General Curtis is the one who
invited these Indians to these councils. Gen-
eral Curtis, as I understand, is to go out at the
head of the commission with a view of nego-
tiating the very treaties which they are invited
to make. This has all been done with the full
sanction both of the War Department and the
Interior Department and with the express sanc-
tion of the President, and I may say upon the
urgent recommendation of those gentlemen who
were connected with that congressional com-
mittee to look into Indian affairs; and I have
no doubt that if you carry out the policy and
carry it through of negotiating treaties, and if
we comply with our treaties in good faith and
give them the supplies which we promised, the
blankets and provisions which we promised, we
may have peace with them at a tithe of the
expense of dealing with them by the sword.
These are the facts.
Lknow, as my honorable friend knows, that
dealing with these Indians is a very different
thing from dealing with a great nation like Eng-
land or France; and of all the committees, I
doubt not, in the Senate of the United States,
there is no committee that has so difficult a task
to manage and get along with as this very In-
dian Committee; dealing with them is so un-
certain. It is after all an experiment. We are
dealing vith a feeble people, with a dying peo-
ple ; they will soon pass away, and nothing will
remain of the Indian tribes but the beautiful
names which they gave to our rivers and our
towns. This is to be their inevitable destiny;
but while they are passing along like sick chil-
dren on our hands, it is better to deal in the
spirit of humanity, to feed these dying people,
than it is to turn in and slaughter them by the
sword. That is my settled conviction from all
the information I have been able to obtain in
relation to Indian "matters.
Mr. SHERMAN. If these Indians had been
convened by the President of the United States
in pursuance of his executive authority to ne-
gotiate a treaty of peace and during a war, I ■
have no doubt it is the duty of Congress to ap-
propriate money to carry into effect the execu-
tive order. Undoubtedly the President of the
United States has the power to negotiate peace
with warring nations. If these Indian tribes
are warring nations, as they seem to be consid-
ered, as a matter of course he has the power to
negotiate a treaty of peace with them and sub-
mit it to the Senate for approval at the proper
time. The only question thafr arises then would
be as to the best mode of meeting the expendi-
ture. As far as I understand the Senator from
Wisconsin, the assistance and transportation
have been heretofore furnished by the proper
bureaus of the War Department, and now, for
the first time, it is proposed to introduce into
the Indian Office transportation and subsist-
ence of provisions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What I desired to say
was, that in dealing with these tribes in the
treaties which were" negotiated by (General
Curtis and by General Harney, the War De-
partment had furnished the supplies ; the Inte-
rior Department had not done it; and the
Interior Department now supposed that the
War Department would furnish these, until
from a letter received from the Secretary of
War the Secretary of the Interior is informed
that the War Department cannot do it, and
the thing is thrown on the Interior Depart-
ment, and the Interior Department must take
the responsibility of doing't; otherwise, the
Indians are invited to meet at these places, and
there are no supplies and we do not get peace
with them. It is a new cause of irritation and
a new cause of war, and that is just the exi-
gency and the necessity pressing upon the
Interior Department for oar action, and our
immediate action. Supposing that the War
Department would furnish the supplies to
these Indians as they had furnished them to
the others, the Interior Department took no
steps to procure these appropriations until
now. At all events, this is the first request
that came to the Indian Committee on the
subject. I do not know but that those esti-
mates that went to the Finance Committee
may have gone in some weeks ago. I do
not know when they went to that committee ;
but the matter first came to the Indian Com-
mittee yesterday, and with the urgent request
on the part of the Department that we should
take immediate action, because it was neces-
sary to purchase these supplies immediately
at St. Louis in order to send them up the
Missouri river or get them transported to the
place of meeting, which is already fixed, with
these Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to press
any opposition to this appropriation, because
I am deficient of information to do so : but. the
facts disclosed this morning show clearly, I
think, that the Indian Bureau ought to be
transferred to the War Department, or all
connection with the Indians transferred to the
Interior Department. That is manifest from
the statements which have been made. Here
is confusion between these two Departments
of the Government; neither seems to under-
stand its appropriate duties in this respect. _
The hill of items submitted to the Commit-
tee on Finance is so singular that since I have
read it this morning for the first time it strikes
me as furnishing a very strong argument why
