1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Wlh
midnight for their opinions, no general of the
regular Array countenanced or sanctioned such
proceedings. Sir, the officers of the regular
Army have been men who have ever stood by
the Constitution and the flag. They were the
men who led the Army against the British in
1812; they were the men who fought the Mex-
icans in the Mexican war, who waged battle
against the rebellion from the commencement
to the end. Many of them were killed and left
orphans behind them. And it is now too late
a period in the history of this country, when
the day of magnanimity has come, to take one
single cent or farthing from the pay and emol-
uments of the West Point officers who led our
regular Army through the conflicts of the last
four or five years.
It cannot be denied, and the fact will go
down to future generations as a proof of the
utility of the regular Army, that during the
late war the greatest military talent was shown
by those who had been educated at West Point.
When the flag of the country was almost trail-
ing in the dust, and the hosts of secession were
driving by bayonet charges into the ranks of
the brave volunteers and regulars, the brave
GeneralMcClellan, educated at WestPoint, led
them to victory and turned the tide of battle.
Sir, I believe that the stability, the perpe-
tuity, and the glory of the country depend upon
sustaining this class of men, who have given
their time and influence and shed their blood
in defense of the Union.
The Constitution of the United States makes
special provision for Congress to raise a regu-
lar army. It makes provision for the Army
whose organization is now under considera-
tion. The Army, as thus organized, has been
true to the country. When the foreign foe has
invaded our soil it has buckled on its armor in
defense of the Union. These officers of the
regular Army have spent years in lone camps
or in fortifications on the frontier, drawn away
from the luxuries of life, and cut off from that
association with their fellow-citizens which is
common to us all. That sacrifice they make.
I never knew an officer of the regular Army
who left anything but a legacy of love and honor
to his children. I speak to-day in behalf of
the gallant and brave men who belong to the
regular Army, as well as the volunteer soldiers
and officers. I say nothing in disparagement
of those officers who belong to the volunteer
service; but I do say that but for the gallantry,
the bravery, the knowledge, the skill, and the
military judgment of the hero of Antietam
(General McClellan) the Capitol of this coun-
try would have been taken possession of by
rebels, and the flag of rebeldom would have
floated from its dome.
A Member. To whom do you refer?
Mr. ROGERS. I speak of General Mc-
Clellan in particular, and to the able generals
belonging to the regular Army, and to the men
whose recorded acts of bravery are unparalleled
in the history of any war in the Old World or
in this.
Sir, I should be recreant in duty to myself
and in duty to the descendants who are to come
after me did I not sustain the men who have
upheld our flag and followed in the footsteps
of Washington, who drove the British from
those colonies.
Sir, after a conflict like this, when liberty is
once more secure, it is no time to attempt- to
take away one cent of that which is justly due
to these gallant officers of our regular Army.
What is the use of this bill? Who asks for
it? Not a single general in the Army. Every
single one of them is opposed to it. All the
reports made to this House from official sources
are against it. And yet gentlemen, because of
their admiration of the volunteer corps and
prejudice against West Pointers, are trying to
take away some part of the glory which belongs
to the regular Army. They want to make a dive
at them and take away some portion of their
pay and compensation. I say, sir, it is dan-
gerous to interferff now with them. What re-
ward is it to be a man belonging to the regular
Arraj, who left a situation yielding him ten
thousand a year and returned to the service, to
give him this compensation? Suppose he be
located at Washington, or at some other place
where his rations cost five hundred per cent,
more than at other points. Is not that officer
punished by a fine (o the extent of five hundred
Eer cent, on account of the location in which
e may happen to be if you make no allowance
for rations according to location?
I believe that it is dangerous to interfere
with the law which has been in existence for
so many years. This law, sir, was in exist-
ence when our fathers were not ruled by pas-
sion, but were animated by a love of perfect
liberty and united in principle and purpose
from one end of the Union to the other. But
now, when the Union is divided, when the
stars of eleven States are blotted off that flag,
when ten or eleven million people who are
equally interested with us in this great Army
are not represented here, when passion rules
the hour, I am not willing, for one, to inter-
fere with the pay of that Army which was
established in 1705.
What army is there that will compare in mag-
nificence, in splendor, and in efficiency with
our American Army? Sir, you may go back
over the history of the darkest ages; you may
turn to the history of modern times, and no-
where will you find an army in which the ?norale
is so complete or which has performed its
work so faithfully as has this Army of ours. I
must say, and take pleasure in doing it, that
the volunteer soldiers and officers have been
brave, gallant, and efficient. Yet, sir, their
efficiency was in a great part derived from the
discipline acquired by them through the instru-
mentality of officers educated at West Point,
and I do not hesitate to say that an army with-
out discipline can accomplish no more than a
mob, and it was the discipline of our volunteer
soldiers and officers that made them an army
able to compete with any army in the world.
Why, sir, there is no pay that will compen-
sate a man for periling his life on the battle-
field. The poor soldier who leaves his native
hills and goes to the field of battle for twelve
or fifteen dollars a month and perhaps six hun-
dred or eight hundred dollars bounty is not
compensated for the risk of life and limb that
he runs.
And with the exception of a few members,
there is hardly a member of this House who
would have gone into the Army during the late
war if he could have hired a substitute to take
his place, even though he sold his farm to get
the money to pay him. He thought too much
of his wife and his family, of his home and of
his own life to risk it, if he could, by selling all
he had, obtain money enough to buy him a
substitute.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Will the gentleman yield
a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot yield any more,
for my time is limited to fifteen minutes from
the commencement. There is no compensa-
tion sufficient to pay these men or volunteers
for their services in the Army. Our officers
ought at least to be sufficiently well paid so
that when they die they can leave means
enough to support their families. I believe in
paying our officers and soldiers properly for
their services, whether in the Army as volun-
teers or regulars, because if any men should be
well paid it is those who have saved their
country. The saviour of his country is to be
compared with the Saviour of the world, and
should bo so remunerated by us that those
coming after us will see from our example how
brave and heroic men should be rewarded.
There are no men more deserving the grati-
tude and care of their country than these men
who by their great and brave deeds have accom-
plished the salvation of their country; they
cannot be compensated in dollars and cents
for the services they have rendered.
Much has been said about the Government
having been at the expense of educating these
officers. How is it? A young man, having
perhaps a home of ease and comfort, enters
West Point, separating himself from the rest
of the world, and there receives an education,
and afterward devotes his whole life and abili-
ties to the service of his country, as General
Scott has done. Is there a man who would
have wished that General Scott should have
died without leaving a sufficient competence
for his family ? I think not.
Now, I suppose there are some on the other
side of the House who will consider my speech
a sufficient reason why they should vote for
this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the speech has
been an argument in favor of the bill. And
as both sides have been heard, I suppose there
can be no objection to my now notifying the
House that I propose to put _ an end to this
discussion by calling the previous question on
the bill.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will yield to me for
a few moments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to say that I
propose to hold the floor before calling the
previous question, and yield to two or three
members who desire to offer amendments,
and also for five or ten minutes each to two or
three others, and then I shall call the previous
question.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, I hope tho
gentleman will yield to me a few moments. I
asked the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Rogers] to yield to me a moment while he had
the floor, but he declined to do so. I suppose
he speaks so seldom, and then for such a short
time, that he did not feel that ho had any time
to spare.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] for a
few minutes.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I expect to vote against
this bill. But in doing so 1 want to say that I
do not in the slightest degree indorse the senti-
ments of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Rogers,] ana do not yield my assent to his
misrepresentations and slanders of more than
a million brave men who served in the volun-
teer service of the United States.
Mr. ROGERS. How did I slander them?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. By saying that they would
not have fought or made good soldiers without
the aid of the officers of the regular Army.
Mr. ROGERS. I did not say that. I said
they would not have won so great victories hut
for the brave officers of the regular Army who
commanded and led them.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Tho gentleman is like
an unbroken colt in a burr patch, you can
neither catch him nor hold him. [Laughter.]
Now, the idea of charging that the Army of
the United States, composed almost entirely
of volunteers, would have been but a mere mob
except for the officers of the regular Army, is
a slander upon the volunteer soldiers of this
country which 1 will not hear uttered anywhere
by any one without repelling it.
Sir, the regular Army has no better friend
in this country, in a humble way, than I am.
I have been its friend always, and I am its
friend now. I am a friend to West Point and
those who have been educated there, and I
shall vote against this bill and for that reason.
But I want it distinctly understood that in doing
so I do not indorse the sentiments of the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.] Rather
than indorse those sentiments I would vote for
this bill or almost any other. The gentleman
cannot have read the history of his country if
he believes what he has stated here. Wfiere
are die regular officers who organized, drilled,
disciplined, and led the volunteers of the Army?
Their numbers are just as a drop in the ocean
compared with those of the volunteers.
Mr. ROGERS. I would ask the gentleman
if he is a West Pointer. Perhaps that is the
reason this matter touches the gentleman so
much.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am not; I have never
seen West Point; and it is not necessary that
I should see it in order to know what volunteers
can do and have done.
The volunteer army of this nation put down
