1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201S
this whole subject ought to be transferred to
the War Departro-ent. The negotiations ought
to be made through military officers, the com-
manders of troops face to face with the Indians.
Then you will have some check on the expend-
iture. The Senator will see himself that there
will be no cheek here on the expenditure of
the money about to be appropriated. In the
subsistence department 110 ration can be drawn
except in pursuance of law, and there areforms
and modes of checking officers, so that there is
a system of accountability which it is almost
impossible to overcome. It is almost impos-
sible that frauds can be perpetrated in the Sub-
sistence Bureau of the War Department. So
ill regard to transportation ; that is done under
a system of accounts and checks, so that money
appropriated for the quartermaster's depart-
ment is certainly applied to the purposes to
which it is appropriated, though sometimes
frauds may perhaps be committed. This ap-
propriation, however, will be to another Depart-
ment of the Government, for supplies of a
character over which that Department has not
usually had any supervision. These estimates
provide for six Indian treaties with the aggre-
gated Indians that have been invited to par-
ticipate to the amount of something like ten
thousand.
The estimates are given in detail in the
papers furnished to the Committee on Finance,
and show that these Indians expected to be
aggregated in masses, men, women, and chil-
dren meeting together at five or six different
forts of the united States, from fifteen hundred
to two thousand at each fort, and they are there
to be fed on pork, bread, coffee, and the ordi-
nary rations of the Army for a certain time,
and treaties of pcace are to be negotiated with
them. There is no mode of transporting those
provisions from the settlements to the forts
except by new agencies. The quartermaster's
department has its contracts for the transpor-
tation of supplies in which competition lias
been had, proposals have been invited, con-
tracts have been made. But in the transpor-
tation of these supplies there will be no compe-
tition. The very necessity of immediate action
will compel the Department to transport these
supplies at whatever cost. The expense of
transporting the supplies will be almost equiv-
alent to their original cost. One of the bills
presented here shows corn used by one of the
scouts sent out, cost the Government eight to
nine dollars a bushel, when we all know that
in Iowa corn is now being burnt for fuel—it is
so stated in the papers; and certainly it is not
worth over twenty cents a bushel.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to state that
the .corn which feeds the horses of the Army
out there lighting the Indians costs from live
to ten dollars a bushel. That is one reason we
do not want to go out there with horses fight-
ing the Indians. It costs just as much when
the Army transports it out there as when any-
body else transports it. In relation to this
matter of transportation. I suppose the same
price will be paid as for Army transporta-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no limitation of
that kind.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Army transporta-
tion is always done by contract.
• Mr. SHERMAN. Bui done under and in
pursuance of law which requires the quarter-
master's department to contract. This would
not be under that law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Still there is a law for
contracts in the Interior Department just as
much as in the War Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will call the attention
of the Senate also to the character of the
presents estimated for as part of the $121,000.
I will give only a few of the items—thirteen
hundred pairs of blankets, to cost $9,7-)0 ;
one hundred and twenty dozen scarlet shirts,
cotton handkerchiefs, woolen blouses, thirty
thousand yards of fancy prints, and various
presents, amounting altogether to about thirty
thousand dollars, for some ten thousand Indi-
ans. It is not very much for each Indian,
'but it shows the peculiar mode of making trea-
ties with them. Wo gather these Indians to-
gether at _ various forts of the United States
under military authority; we there feed them
for twenty or*Thirt.y days, we furnish them
blankets and clothing, &c., and then our com-
missioners—I do not know who they are—
wrifeout a treaty of peace, and the Indians
sign it, ignorant of its provisions, unable to
read, poor, miserable creatures as they are
admitted to be ; and tlyit treaty is sent to the
Senate of the United States, the highest polit-
ical body in this nation; and how is it consid-
ered here ? It is ratified, as a matter of course.
I remember that in one case when I was a
member of the House of Representatives, five
Indian treaties were ratified, as I was informed
by a Senator, without their being read in the
Senate, on the last day of an executive ses-
sion, and when we came to make up the esti-
mates to carry those treaties into execution,
they were so large that they were actually sus-
pended, and not carried out for a lime. That
was the Oregon ease. I believe there was a
misunderstanding in regard to the terms of the
treaty, and finally it led to a war.
Perhaps this is as good an occasion as any
to say that there ought to be an end to this
mode of dealing with Indians. I have no
doubt these five treaties to be made by Gen-
eral Curtis and others—and no man could be
selected in the United States whom I would
nftire cheerfully trust with any power than Gen-
eral Curtis, whom I have known for many
years—will bo made in this way, and will prob-
ably entail on the Governmental! annuity for
a number of years amounting perhaps to from
$100,000 to $-500,000 ; I cannot tell how much.
The expense of our Indian service now is be-
tween two and a half and three million dollars,
and the whole number of treaty Indians, so
far as I can gather from the best information
I can get, does not exceed one hundred and
twenty-five thousand ; there are other Indians,
with whom we have no treaties ; so that the
cost of governing our Indians is greater than
the cost of governing this country during the
late war. It amounts probably to from ten to
twenty dollars a head ; and in addition to that
are all the vast sums that are expended through
the Army to keep the Indians in subjection.
The amount actually appropriated every year
for the benefit of the Indian service proper is
from two and a half to three million dollars,
and that merely to carry into execution treaties
and to pay the expenses of agents and super-
intendents. The number of Indians that are
included in our treaty stipulations has been
variously estimated from one hundred to throe
hundred thousand, but I believe it has been
more accurately estimated at the lower num-
ber, because they are constantly diminishing
in number. Then the Indians with whom we
have no treaty stipulations are now constantly,
year after year, making treaties, thus adding
to the expense of our Indian relations.
It seems to me that a system like this con-
ducted in this manner ought to be put a stop
to. I have net the information on which I can
say that this su'n ought not to be appropriated ;
indeed, it seei. s that the Government have
placed themselve ui a position where they
have agreed to r.i i these Indians in council
in the way they ha? e heretofore made treaties
with them". '.i;bo si'pulation has gone out with
the assent of the President of the United States,
and the military authorities have undertaken to
convene the Indians en masse at various forts of
the United States, and I do not see but that we
are bound, under the circumstances, to appro-
priate the money in some form, either to give
it to the military authorities, or to the Indian
Bureau. It is, however, a fair illustration of
the manner of our dealing with the Indian
tribes. I have been in hopes for some years
that the Indian Committee would report some
measure by which the Indians might be trans-
ferred to the Military Department, there to be
governed by military law until they should be
absorbed in the general population of our
Territories to be governed by civil law.
I know that some objection has been made
to transferring the Indians over to the territorial
.authorities and to the authorities of the new
States, on the ground that there is an antag-
onism between the whites and the Indians that
will lead the white man to disregard the rights
of the Indians; but I believe it would bo wiser
and better to give to the infant States and Ter-
ritories of the West aportion of the money now
appropriated by the Government for the sup-
port ot the Indians, and trust to the people of
the infant States and Territories to govern those
tribes, and disband our whole Indian system.;
or, if that cannot bo done on account of the
antagonism between the whites and the Indians,
then to transfer this whole Indian service to
the Army, and let them govern the Indians as
subjects of the United States; but the present
system of governing the Indians by treaty stip-
ulations, by bribes and presents, beans and corn
and pork,.furnished at the enormous expense
of from ten to twenty dollars a head to every
Indian in the United States, is a system that
ought not to be tolerated longer.
I will take this occasion to inquire of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs whether a proposition to transfer
the Indian service to the War Department is
not now pending in that committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; there is a prop-
osition now pending before the committee to
transfer the Indian Bureau to the War Depart-
ment ; but that is not involved in this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not involved, but
this is the only manner in which we shall have
the question of the Indians before us. We
have no opportunity to discuss these Indian
matters except when appropriations come be-
fore us; and they never come before us unless
when there is such an urgent and pressing
necessity to make the appropriations that we
cannot for humanity's sake stop to deliberate
on measures affecting the Indians. A year ago
every Senator will remember that a proposi-
tion was made to pay over to the Cherokees
and other Indians of the Southwest enormous
sums of money to relieve them from immediate
distress. We had no time to deliberate because
the demand was made on us in the name of
humanity to feed starving Indians, some of
whom had been true and loyal. Indeed, these
Indian questions are never brought before us
until under such urgent circumstances that we
cannot deliberate. There are very few Sena-
tors, probably, who would have been willing to
authorize the convocation of these Indians en
masse in the various forts of the United States
for the purpose of making new treaties with
them, and the question is now presented to us
in such form that we cannot deny the appro-
priation, simply because the executive author-
ities of the Government have directed the con-
vening of the Indians and we are bound to feed
them while they are there; we are bound to
carry their stipulations into effect; we are not
left to legislate or to judge in regard to the
matter.
Perhaps these remarks maybe considered as
rather out of order, as they do not affect the
immediate question before the Senate. I do
not wish to stand here as opposing this appro-
priation. Probably the faith of the nation is
bound to feed these Indians and take care of
them in the usual way. So we shall probably
be considered bound to ratify the treaty when
made, and we shall be bound to appropriate
money to carry the treaty into execution. We -
never shall have a change in this system until
one of two policies is adopted, either to trans-
fer the whole Indian service to the War Depart-
ment, or else to transfer the Indians to the
charge of the people of the States and Terri-
tories where they live, and that is a proposi-
tion which I hope will be adopted before long.
I am willing to leave to these new States and
Territories the government of the Indian pop-
ulation, and if necessary to give the aid of the
Army to govern the Indians, andif it is needed,
