1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
I
antees are secured, I think it is a very different
question. It strikes me that every Senator
who argues in favor of those guarantees will
agree with me. They all admit that the guar-
antees which they demand are a work of time,
and if they must be considered before this body
can act. there will be great delay. But, sir, I
have exhausted myself and the Senate, and I
shall say no more.
Mr. HOWARD. By permission of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, who holds the floor. I beg to
say a few words by way of explanation of some
of the statements made by the Senator from
Connecticut. I do not propose at this moment
to go into the consideration of the questions
which have been discussed here, although I
intend lo do so before the discussion closes.
I understand the Senator from Connecticut to
say that myself and certain other gentlemen
on this side of the Chamber strenuously op-
posed the admission, so to speak, of Louisiana
at the last session upon the ground that the
constitution then presented to us excluded
negro suffrage, and that we entered into a sort
of conspiracy or combination for the purpose
of keeping out that State for that reason.' I
really am at a loss to know upon what ground
it is that the Senator makes such a statement.
This is the first occasion that I have ever heard
of such a reason operating either upon myself
or those gentlemen with whom I cooperated.
I know this, Mr. President, and the Senator
from Connecticut would have done well to have
informed himself, I think, before he made so
broad a statement as that, that I opposed the
passage of the joint resolution to which refer-
ence lias been made here, not because the con-
stitution of Louisiana prohibited suffrage to
the negro population, but because that consti-
tution was got up under and by virtue of mili-
tary power: because it was not the free expres-
sion and voice even of the loyal portion of the
people of Louisiana. It was the result of mili-
tary occupation and military power present
within about one eighth part of the State ot
Louisiana at the time when it was made; and
at the time the effort was made to admit the
Senators from that State into this body the
United Stales had not possession of more than
one eighth part of the territory of Louisiana,
and a still greater proportion of the population
was in the actual control of the rebel armies
and the rebel government. It was for this
reason, and not because the constitution pro-
hibited negro suffrage, that I voted against the
resolution offered by my honorable friend from
Illinois to admit the Senators and Represent-
atives from that State.
I rose to make this correction in order to take
awav from the dexterous hand of the Senator
from Connecticut the use of that sly. and what
he regards as a poisonous dart, the love of ne-
gro suffrage. That question had not aiissen at
that time," not certainly in my own mind. I
acted upon broader principles. I acted upon
the principle that the Kxecutive at that time
had 110 authority \vhate\er to undertake or_as-
suine, directly or indirectly, to impart political
power or political government to a conquered
province or a conquered territory: and that is
a ground upon which I propose to act still: and
when the tiling is fairly looked into and exam-
ined in all iis bearings, it will be discovered tnat
that is the sreat roek upon which we Jhave split
ill this controversy. 1 will go no further on
that subject at this present time.
,\[i'. RAMSEY. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjnum. ^  
Mr. blXQN. The Senator will allow me to
pay in slating what I did in regard to the
Senator from Michigan. I quoted front memory,
id d'u
it intend to misrepresent mm.
Mr HOWARD. Certainly, there was no
intenitMii of the sort.
Mr. i'K<Sl'.\'l>FN. T ask the Senator from
Minni'Miia to withdraw his motion to adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. If it is desired to have au
executive se°sion, I withdraw the motion.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. FESSEND EN. I do not desire au exec-
utive session, but I want to say to my friends
on this side of the Chamber that if they intend
that we shall not become perfectly contemptible
iu the eyes of everybody it will be time for us
pretty soon to begin to do something, and not,
after these matters have been dragged out to
such a length, adjourn every day at this hour.
I gave notice yesterday that I wished to have
the debate continued longer than the ordinary
time. If we come in here and make a speech
a day in the way we have been going on, the
result will be that we shall never get through,
and never accomplish anything. There are
questions behind this that must be acted upon.
Gentlemen must make up their minds to stay
here a little later than this if they ever expect
to dispose of these matters. I hope the Senator
from Minnesota will not renew his motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. The day is so far spent that
I presume the Senator from Nevada would not
feel like going on with his speech this evening,
and as a matter of courtesy to him we should
now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very unwilling to
object to the extension of a courtesy to my
friend from Nevada, but if we adjourn simply
because a frieud on our side of the Chamber
has the floor and wants to take the morning to
make his speeeh, we cannot to-morrow refuse
the same request when made by some gentle-
man on the other side who may wish to go on
the next day. We must apply the same rule
to ourselves as to others.
Mr. HOWARD. I take it that "sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am sorry to be obliged
to do it, but as we must evidently apply the rule
somewhere I would rather make the objection
in the case of a political friend of mine than
in the case of one who did not occupy that
relation.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggestto tlie honorable
Senator wdio has this matter in charge whether,
until these discussions cease, the Senate ought
not to follow the example set by the House of
Representatives from time to time and hold
night sessions for the purpose of allowing Sen-
ators who have speeches to make to make them.
I know very well that night sessions are not
agreeable, but we are not here in times like
these altogether for agreoableness; and there
is nothing more true than the statement made
by the Senator from Maine that there is an ab-
solute necessity, not only of disposing of this
question, but "of great questions that stand
behind it and that are pressed back. It will be
remembered also, Mr. President, that we are
doing uo other business. Our morning hour is
consumed nearly every morning without pass-
ing a single legislative act of any kind. We
have no time to do other business here, and
the States we represent in local legislation will
suffer until we can get these questions now
pending out of the way.
I hope that gentlemen will prepare to sacri-
fice a little in this matter, a great deal if neces-
sary, and come here during the evenings and
make their addresses then. There is no doubt
in the world, while we might receive more light
from the speeches yet to be made on the sub-
ject, that, after the discussion we have had even
to this extent upon this question now pending
in the Senate, what is said is mainly repetition.
Still. Senators desire to be heard, but I think
they ought to agree to come here in the oven-
iug aniflet us hear them then.
Mr. HOWARD. Itis impracticable to come
in the evening. .
Mr. CONFESS. The Senator from Michi-
gan. for whose judgment and feeling.^ alike I
have t]ie greatest respect, replies tnat it is not
practicable. Now, what is not practicable ■
The Senator lias the power of locomotion, and
so ha\ e I. and so have we all. If the Senator
will .say it is not agreeable, then all that I have
! >aid wiil address itself to that proposition.
; Mr. HOWARD. What I mean to say is,
' what is undoubtedly in the experience of the
honorable Senator "from California, that it is
next to impossible to have a quornm of the
body together for the transaction of business in
the evening. We have almost always found,it
so, except at the close of the session.
Mr. CONNESS. We may discuss these sub-
jects without a quorum; we are not voting;, and
do not require a quorum, and we ma.js- meet
here and transacyhe business, such as it is,
that we are engaged in without the necessity of
a quorum. Sir, these are no ordinary times in
which we live. What was the burden of the
entire discussion to-day? Apart from certain
points of argument, the burden of the address
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, was to
the end that there was a demand fo«-the ad-
mission of these States, and those occupying
the position of the Senator from Connecticut
urge this against their friends here day by day'
in long speeches—burdensome speeches, I was
going to say.
Now, sir, if there is a necessity for the ad-
mission of these States there is certainly a
necessity of acting on the question in such a
manner as to dispose of it. I hope we shall go
on and sit in the evenings, as I have suggested.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the adoption of
the resolution from the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr; JOHNSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Bucltalew, Chandler, Davis,
Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson,Lane of Kansas, Norton, Nyo, Eiddle, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Van Winkle, W ade,
mtd Yritcs-"21.
NA\'S—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Connegs, Cragm,
Creswell, Dixon, Eessenden, Foster, Kirkwood, Mor-
gan, Morrill, ltamsey, Trumbull, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—lti. _ „ .
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Doolittle, Foot, primes,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Nesmitb, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sprague, and Wright—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 27, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business m order
is the consideration of the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution, reported on yesterday
from the joint committee on reconstruction, and
which was postponed until this morning, im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal.
Upon that question the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Higby] has the floor.
Mr. HIGBY. I will yield the floor for a few
minutes to my friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Newele] and others, who desire to have some
business disposed of now.
veteran' reserve corps.
Mr. NEWELL presented the joint resolu
lions of the Legislature of the State of New
Jerscy in relation to the Veteran Reserve corps;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
united states attorneys, marshals, htc.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent,
1 duced a bill supplementary to an act. entitled
' "An act to regulate the fees and costs to be
I allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
\ circuit and district courts of tlie Lmted States.
I and for other purposes," approved Hebruaiy
\ 20,1853; which was read afirstimd second time,
! referred to the Committee on the .Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
skweragii, 1/tc., ix wamuxcton.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 ask leave to report
! j,ack ';l bill from the Committee for the District
' of Columbia with a substitute : which I ask to
have printed and recommitted to that com-
mittee.
