1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
oath to the President of the United States, and there-
upon patents shall issue to said companies, or either
of them, as the case may be, for the lands hereinbe-
fore granted,to theextcntof ancl conterminous with
the completed section of said railroad and telegraph
line as aforesaid; and from time to time, whenever
twenty or more consecutive miles of the said road and
telegraph shall be completed and equipped as afore-
said, patents shall in lik^manncr issue upon the re-
port of the said commissioners, and so on until the
entire railroad and telegraph authorized by this act
shall have been constructed, and the patents of the
lands herein granted shall have been issued.
Sec. £. And be it further enacted, That the grants
aforesaid are made upon the condition that the said
companies shall keep said railroad and telegraph in.
repair and use, and shall at all times transport the
mails upon said railroad, and transmit dispatohes by
said telegraph line for the Govcrnmentof the United
States, whon required so to do by any Department
thereof, and that the Government shall at all times
have the preference in the use of said railroad and
telegraph therefor at fair and reasonable rates of
comnensation.notto exceed tho rates paid by private
parties for thosame kind of service. And said railroad
shall be and remain a public highway for the use of
the Government of the United States, free of all toll
or other charges upon the transportation of the prop-
erty or troops of the United States; and the same
shall be transported over said road at the cost, ehaige,
and expense of the corporations or companies own-
ing or operating the same, when so required by the
Government of the United States.
Sec. 6. A ad be it further enacted, That thesaid com-
panies shall file their asseiat to this act in the De-
partment of the Interior within one year after the
passage hereof, and shall complete the first section
of twenty miles of said railroad and telegraph within
two years, and at least twenty miles in each year
thereafter, and the whole on or before the 1st day
of July, 1875; and the said railroad shall be of the
same gauge as the Central Pacific railroad of Cal-
ifornia, and be connected therewith.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the r^aid com-
panies named in thisactare hereby required to oper-
ate and use the portions or parts of said railroad
and telegraph mentioned in section one of this act
for all purposes of transportation, travel, and com-
munication, so far as the Government and public are
concerned, as one cunnectcd and continuous line;
and in such operation and use to aftovd and secure
to eac-h other equal advantages and facilities as to
rates, time, and transportation, without any discrim-
ination whatever, on pain of i'oifciting the full
amount of damage sustained on account of suchdis-
erimination, to be sued for and recovered m any
court of the United States, or of any State of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in case the
said companies shall fail to comply wifh the terms
and conditions required, namely, by not filing their
a&scnt thereto as provided in section six ot this act,
or by not completing the same as provided in said
section, this act shall be null and void, and all the
lands not conveyed by patent to said company or
companies, as the case may be, at the dale of any
sucli failure, shall revert to the United States. And
in case the said road and telegraph line shall not be
kept in repair and lit for use, after the same shall
have been completed. Congress may pass an act to
put the same in repair and use, and may direct the
income of said road and telegraph line to bo there-
after devoted to the United States, to repay all ex-
penditures caused by the default and neglect of said
companies, or either of them, as the case may be. or
may fix pecuniary responsibility, not exceeding the
value of the lands granted by this act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the said
California and Oregon Railroad Company and the
said Oregon Company shall be governed by the pro-
visions ot the general railroad and telegraph laws of
their respective States, as to the construction and
management of the said railroad and telegraph line
heiviiibctoic authorized in all matieis not provided
for in this act. "Wherever the word "company" or
"companies" is used in this act it shall be construed
to embrace the words "their associates, successors,
and assigns,"' tho same as if the words had been in-
setted or thereto annexed.
sec. 10. And be it. further enacted, That all mineral
lands shall be excepted from the operation of this act;
but where thosame shall contain timber, so much ot
the timber thereon as shall be required to construct
said road over such mineral land is hereby granted
to said companies: Pi voided, That the term mineral
lands shall not include lands containingcoal andiron.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the said
companies named in this act shall obtain the consent
of the Legislatures of their respective States, and bo
governed by the statutory regulations thereof in all
matters pertaining to the right of way, wherever the
said road and telegraph line shall not pats over or
through the public lands of the United States
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That Congress
may at any time, having duo regard for the rights of
said California and Oregon railroad companies, add
to, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. BIDAVELL. This is the bill which lias
"been before the House two or three times, and
after being sent to the Committee on Public
Lands was reported upon favorably. I now
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from California whether the provision
of tho socond section of the substitute is in-
tended to prohibit the United States from
allowing preemption on its own lands. I will
read the clause to which I refer:
And thcsections and j>artsof sections of land which
shall remain in the United States within the limits
of the aforesaid grant shall not be sold for less than
double the minimum price of public lands when sold,
nor shall any of said lands become subject to sale at
private entry until the same shall have been first
offered at public sale to the highest bidder at or above
the minimum price aforesaid.
Mr. BIDWELL. The objection of the gen-
tlemah from Iowa as obviated by an amend-
ment of the Coinmittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMES. The Committee on Public
Lands have stricken out the latter portion of
the clause which the gentleman from Iowa has
read. The language which they have stricken
out is the following:
Nor shall any of said lands become subject to sale
at private entry until the same shall have been first
offered at publicsaletothehighestbidder at or above
the minimum price aforesaid.
This amendment obviates, I think, the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman's explana-
tion is satisfactory.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading and read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. BID WELL called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BIDWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (IT. R. No. 50) to amend the fifth j
section of an act entitled "An act donating
public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the bene-
fit of agriculture and the mechanic arts," ap-
proved July 2, 1862, so as to extend the time
within which the provisions of said act shall be
accepted and such colleges established j
An act (H. R. No. 521) for the benefit of
Ilenry Horne;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) for the
relief of John Wells & Sons, of Baltimore:
Joint resolution (IT. R. No. 119) for the
relief of Isaac Ranney, internal revenue col-
lector for the eighth district of Ohio;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) for the
relief of Caroline A. Randall, administratrix
and widow of Charles B. Randall, deceased;
An act (IT. R. No. 213) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, ana judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 18G7, and for other purposes;
An act (II. R. No. 334) to fix the number
of judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and to change certain judicial circuits;
An act (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of Ed-
ward P. McKinney, ofBinghamton, New York,
late captain and assistant commissary of sub-
sistence *
An act (H. R. No. 421) for the relief of
James G. Holland, late acting assistant pay-
master United States Navy;
An act (II. K. No. 448) to authorize tho con-
struction of a railroad through certain lauds of
the United States in Kansas:
An act (II. R. No. 400) erecting _ the Terri-
tory of Montana into a surveying district, and
for other purposes;
All act (II. II. No. 517) for the relief of Lis-
ton H. Pearce;
An act (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of the
owners of tho bark Maria Henry;
An act (II. II. No. 520) for the relief of the
heirs of Horace I. Hodges;
An act (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of the
owners of the Hawaiian bark Karaehameha V;
An act (H. R. No. 557) to quiet the title to
certain lands within the corporate limits of the
city of Benicia and the town of Santa Cruz,
in the State of California;
An act (H. R. No. 629) for the relief of Wil-
liam G. Lee;
_ An acti (H. R. No. 695) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Wheeler, of Bangor, Maine ; and
An act (H. R. No. 727) to, regulate the
registering of vessels.
RETRENCHMENT.
The SPEAKER announced the following
joint select committee on retrenchment on the
part of the House: Robert S. Hale of New
York, Robert C. Schesck of Ohio, Thomas
A. Jenckes of Rhode Island, Samuel J. Ran-
dall of Pennsylvania, and John L. Thomas
of Maryland.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when Con-
gress adjourns it will adjourn to meet again on Satur-
day, thclstdayof Deeembernext, unless sooner sum-
moned by the Presiding Officers of both Houses, which
power, in case of emergency, is hereby granted to
them.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a question of order,
and submit that this resolution cannot be enter-
tained as a privileged question, because it goes
beyond the matter of adjournment and pro-
poses by this legislation to confer upon the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses new pow-
ers not now authorized by any law.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Under
the Constitution Congress cannot, meet at any
other than the regular period named in the
Constitution, except on the call of the Presi-
dent of the United States, or in pursuance of
a law duly approved by him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
reply to that point, that the President of the
United States has power to convene Congress
at such time between the regular sessions as
he may deem fit. But the Chair is of opinion
(although this is a new question) that if the
two Houses take a recess they can authorize
their Presiding Officers to call them together at
an earlier day than that which they have named
for their reassembling. It is equivalent to an
indefinite recess. The Constitution allows Con-
gress to adjourn for any period exceeding three
days, both Houses concurring therein, and de-
clares that resolutions of adjournment shall not
be sent to the President.
Mr. STEVENS. As several gentleman desire
that the morning hour shall commence, and as
a number of members desire information in
regard to this question, I move to postpone
this subject until to-morrow immediately after
the morning hour, and that the resolution be
printed.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. Can this
resolution be introduced without unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
that it can, as it relates to adjournment.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Isitaprivi-
leged question?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FINCK. My point is that it confers
additional power upon the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has overruled
that point ot order, on the ground that, as the
two Houses can take a recess, it would seem
that they may authorize their Presiding Offi-
cers to call them together before the expiration
of the time fixed for the recess. For instance,
the House might, on taking a recess from Thurs-
day till Monday, authorize its Presiding Officer
to call them together on Saturday, if any exi-
gency should require it. If one House could
do this, may not both Houses, when taking a
longer recess, if they concur? Both Houses
could, uuderthe Constitution, resolve roadjoura
till the first Monday of next month, both Houses
concurring, and if a quorum was then present
eould adjourn similarly throughout the recess,
from month to month.
Mr. FINCK. I do not know that the Chair
