2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
to distribute to them the S3,000,000 the Indians
now cost us to enable them to administer gov-
ernment over them. The system of bribes,
treaties, and presents, ought to be abandoned
by the United States. *
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, some
of the remarks of my friend from Ohio, 1
think, challenge a moment's consideration.
I do not look upon what we give to the Indians
as in the nature of bribes. -I do not think
that the presents which are given, that what
we contract to pay them annually in the shape
of provisions and clothing, (for the payment
of money to Indians has been almost entirely
abandoned; what annuities are paid are paid
in clothing, or in provisions, or in some arti-
cles which contribute to their support,) should
be regarded as bribes. The truth is, the In-
dians inhabited all this vast country. I do not
claim that they held it by a title such as that
by which the civilized man holds his land in
fee-simple; but they existed, lived, and occu-
pied the country. The Indian thinks, and the
world believes, and mankind must admit, that
the Great Father above gave him his life, his
existence, upon these vast plains, and in this
rich and beautiful country. Our people, full
of the Anglo-Saxon blood and the Anglo-
Saxon disposition to make aggressions every-
where, powerful, increasing, spreading, ag-
grandizing, press in upon the plains and the
prairies and among the mountains to dig for
the gold and the silver of the mines of those
mountains, where the Indians and their fathers
before them perhaps for a thousand years, have
lived and held undisputed control. Now, if
we enter into all this goodly land, and by our
going there, cut off the game upon which the
Indian lived, surround him with the institu-
tions of civilization, which are death to the
savage man, surround him so that he cannot
live in the way in which he was accustomed
to live, do we owe him nothing? Is it just in
the sight of God or man for us to say that we
owe nothing to these people whose land we
are appropriating at our pleasure? I cannot
feel in that way. I think, therefore, that all
we give the Indian, if we give him ten times
as much as we do, would not pay him any
more than the debt that we really owe.
My honorable friend says we should put this
■whole service into the hands of the War De-
. partment. I do not now discuss the question
whether the Indian Bureau would be better
managed under the War Department than
under the Interior Department. That is not
the question that arises on this appropriation
bill, and I.do not propose to discuss this ques-
tion in advance of the action of our committee.
It is one of the serious questions pending be-
fore our committee on which we mean to make
a report during the present session for the ac-
tion of Congress. But, sir, putting the con-
trol of the Indians into the hands of the War
Department is by no means certain to reduce
the actual expenditures of the Government.
I will tell you what it may do. It may reduce
very much the troubles of Congress ; it will
certainly reduce the troubles of the Indian
Committee ; it will reduce the applications for
special appropriations in reference to Indian
tribes, because the estimates of the War De-
partment will all be made in one grand sum,
for the commissary department so many mil-
lions, for the quartermaster's department so
many millions, for the payment of troops so
many millions more. That will involve all
your dealings with Indians, and in those great
sums you will not see them, you will not feel
them, and you will think nothing about them,
and say nothing about them. They will come
up in the regular Army appropriation bill, and
it will all be done in an hour.
Mr. NESMITII. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin that expenditures of
this very kind were made for similar purposes
last year out of the Army appropriations,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, and Congress
never heard of it, Congress knew nothing
about it, because it was in the Army appropri-
ation bill, and no one can resist an Army
appropriation bill. Indeed, the Senator from
Ohio, representing the Committee on Finance,
will not stand up here to resist an Army appro-
priation in time of peace or ajgmy time.
Mr. President, in relation to what my_friend
has said about our treating with the Indians, I
wish to say that that has been theuniform prac-
tice of the Government from the beginning and
frombefore the beginning. The.colonies treated
with the Indians. The colonies were weak;
the Indians were stromg. The colonies were
glad to treat with them; they were regarded
then as to the colonies as independent and hos-
tile powers such as the colonies were content
to live upon terms of peace and amity with,
and they made their treaties, I believe that if
we kept our treaties now in all respects as faith-
fully with the Indians as the Indians keep their
treaties with us, we should have little com-
plaint. I believe that the difficulty has been
more on our part; and that the breach of trea-
ties, the breach of faith is as much to be attached
to the Government of the linked States as those
who act in its name, and indeed more than to
the Indians themselves.
But, Mr. President, I have taken up more ,
time than I intended.
Mr. POME-ROY. I rise to say but a single
word. While I have not much confidence in
the making of these treaties; I yet believe that
the Indian department, so far as the transpor-
tation of supplies is concerned, has as econom-
ical and as regular a system as the War De-
partment. The Senator from Ohio intimated
very clearly that this was inaugurating a new
system of transportation. It is not so at all.
The Indian department advertises every year,
as regularly as the War Department, for trans-
porting all their goods, so much per hundred
pounds per mile; and it happens that their bids
this year, and I do not know but that, it is so
every year, were a little lower than those of the
War Department. It is as economical a sys-
tem of transportation as any in the War De-
partment or any other Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if those contracts
will cover subsistence like this.
Mr. POMEEOY. Precisely. Alltheir trans-
portation is included in their advertisement,
and those who get the contract will have to carry
these goods with any others the department
desire to send, because they have entered into
contracts to do all the transportation of the
department at so much per hundred pounds
per mile, the same as is done in the War De-
partment, only that the price is a few cents
less. Then so far as relates to transportation
there can be no objection to having the Indian
department do it.
But, sir, I confess that I have very little faith
in the system of treaty-making with these In-
dians. These Indians are very badly demor-
alized, and if you make a treaty with them it
will not be really a treaty with the Indians but
with a few white men who have got among
them who want some goods and who use the
Indians for their purposes. If there had been
no white men mixed up among these Indians
we should not have had half the trouble we
have had. Bad men have gone out and got in
with these tribes and demoralized them. The
only result of arrangements of this kind is that
they keep the peace while the goods last; the
Indians will behave very well as long as they
are fed. I have seen many treaties made, and
I confess that I have but very little confidence
in them. When the Indians are hungry again
they will commit more depredations.
Mr. STEWART. I think there is no_doubt
that we shall have to make this appropriation,
inasmuch as there is an agreement to collect
these Indians and feed them, and the conse-
quence of a failure to do so would be terrible
to persons now on the plains exposed; buthav-
ing lived for the last fifteen years in an Indian
country, and having seen more or less of the
practical operation of the present system, and
having conversed with a large number of per-
sons who have seen more than I have of it, I
have no hesitation in saying that the whole
system is an absolute failure. It simply in-
volves the extermination of the Indians and
the extermination of a very large number of
white people. Peace lasts while your provis-
ions last. When the provisions mn out, in
order to get more the Indians commence mur-
dering, and before you have any notice of it
whole neighborhoods are cut off', women and
children are slaughtered, and war is inaugu-
rated for the purpose of their being bought off.
The Indians understand it perfectly well. They
boast of it. They say if they do not get their
presents they will do these things, and they
will get their revenge. I have been acquainted
with several chiefs who told me how they in-
tended to manage, understanding it perfectly.
The whole system is wrong; it corrupts your
agents; corrupts the men you send to the front-
ier; corrupts the Indians : causes a large num-
ber of persons to be murdered every year. It
is a long distance off, and you hardly realize
1iow many people are murdered on your front-
iers yearly. - Probably a great many more whites
are killed in battle and murdered on the front-
iers than Indians. Undoubtedly in all your
Indian wars five white men are killed to one
Indian. The Indians, however, are destroyed by
whisky and by feeding them for a time to excess
and by the habits and diseases that they acquire
from the white people. Small-pox and other dis-
eases are carried among them , and they areear-
riedoffin largenumbers. Virtuallyyou kill them
in that way, and they murder your white people.
That is the system that is going on. You mur-
der them by the whisky you carry among them,
and they retaliate by murdering your women and
children. That is the system, and I do not
think any system can be devised which is any
worse than this. I think the Committee on
Indian Affairs should bring in a plan for a
change. If you turn it over to the military you
will make'it somewhat better, because then you
will have a Department more responsible than
any you can organize for this special purpose.
I think it would bestill better to turn them over
to the new States'and Territories, and let them
take care of them. That -would be better than
the way yon are doing, and more humane. The
present plan is the most inhuman, the most
degrading, and the most lamentable in all its
consequences you can conceive of. You can-
not make it any worse by any change. But
now, inasmuch as there is an agreement made
with these Indians—and if we do not carry it
out on our part, there will be immediate and
terrible consequence visited upon the innocent
that are upon the plains under the impression
that they are to be protected, and that there
would be treaties made—we are bound to vote
the appropriation.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate withoutamendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
CONTRACTORS FOR VESSELS AND MACHINERY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day will now be resumed, having been
informally laid aside by common consent, being
Senate bill No. 220, for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels-of-
war and steam machinery.
Mr. WILSON. We had up yesterday morn-
ing a motion to reconsider the vote on the
Colorado bill. I desire to take that up and
have the question taken on the reconsidera-
tion, if possible-, this morning. I should like
to have the other matter go over if the gentle-
men who have the care of it will agree to that.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order is before the Senate. Does the
Senator make a motion to postpone it?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. WILSON. I givo notice that I will
call up the motion to reconsider to-morrow
morning.
The Senate reeumed_, as in Comrnittee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. No.
220) for the relief of certain contractors for
