S934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Mly understands the point I make. I submit
that, so far as this resolution proposes to con-
fer additional power on the Speaker of the
House and the Presiding Officer of the Senate,
it is not a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. It does confer additional
power, buttlie Chair thinks it is, notwithstand-
ing, a privileged question. All questions in
regard to adjournment, whether for one day's
adjournment, for three days' adjournment, for
a recess, orfor an adjournment sine die, and all
questions growing out of the matter of adjourn-
ment are held as privileged questions. But
they of course require a majority to adopt
them. They have always been entertained by
Speakers when there was no other business
before the House.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask to have the resolution
again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. THIMBLE. If we have authority to
pass this resolution I think it would be as well
to provide in it that in the event the Speaker
of this House and the President of the Senate
should disagree as to when Congress should be
reconvened, some one should be named who
should decide between them.
The SPEAKER. The resolution requires
the assent of both Presiding Officers.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the resolution be-
laid upon the table; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the resolu-
tion, giving notice that I will submit it again
to-morrow.
agricultural report.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; on the
adoption of which he demanded the previous
question:
liemlvrd. That t.hero bo printed of the Report of
the Commissioner of Agriculture for the year 1865,
one hundred anil sixty-five thousand copies; one
hundred aud forly-five thousand copies for the mcm-
bois of this House, and twenty thousand copies for
the Commissioner of Agriculture.
The previous question was seconded and the
main, question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
canal and suwekaojj company.
Mr. CONKLING demanded the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the unfinished business of the
morning hour yesterday, being Senate bill No.
190, to incorporate the District of Columbia
Canal and Sewerage Company, the pending
question being on seconding the demand for
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield to any-
body.
Air. ALLEY. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Ml LE BLOND. This provides for the
transfer of this canal.
Mr. F. THOMAS. It is the same old bill.
Mr. ItANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to provide that this canal shall be dis-
posed of to the highest bidder?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
Mr. ALLEY. That is the amendment I
wished to offer, but which the gentleman from
Illinois would not let me get in.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 58, nays 53, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS — Mes-srs. Alley, Amos, Delos E. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Boutwell, Boyer, Rroomsill, Conkling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Reming, Eckley, Eldridge,
Sarquhnr, Finck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding,
Hotehkir-s Chester D. llubbunl, Iluiuphiey, John-
son, _Kas?on, Keiley, Kerr, Kuykondali, Latham,
William Lawrencc, Le Blond, McCulloch, MeKee,
Moorhoad, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson, Orth, Phelps,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
John II. It ice, Ritter, Ross, Scofield. Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, iTaber, Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Warner, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wcntworth, and
Whaley—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson. Baxter, Beniamin, Bid-
well, Bingham, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Delano, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Higby, Holmes, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Inger-
soll, Jenekes, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, McClurg, McRuer, Mereur, Moul-
ton, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Per ham, Pike, Plants,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Sawyer, Shellabarger,
Stevens, Strouse, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Robert
T. Van Horn, Welker, Stephen V. Wilson. Windom.
and Woodbridge—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Blame,
Blow, Brandegee, Bromwell, Bundy, Chanler, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont. Eggleston, Goodyear, Grider, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Hale, Harris,Hayes,Henderson, Hill,
Ilogan, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Dcmas Hub-
bard, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Jones,
Julian, Kelso, George V. Lawrence, Loan,Marshall,
Marvin, Mclndoe, Miller, Morrill, Morris, Noell,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Price, Rogers, Rollins, Rous-
seau, Schenck, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stil-
well. Thayer, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Elihu
B. Washburne, Williams, James F. Wilson, Winiield.
and Wright—71.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
table. I am willing it shall be postponed to
any day gentlemen may agree on.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid upon
the table.
levy court in the district of columbia.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back without
amendment Senate bill No. 325, to give cer-
tain powers to the levy court of the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time
aud passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed tp.
mining and manufacturing company.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columhia, reported back without
amendment Senate bill No. 1*78, to incorporate
the Metropolitan Mining and Manufacturing
Company.
The bill was read.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment,
to strike out from the sixth section the words,
"and State of Virginia," so as to confine the
operations of the company to the District of
Columbia, where Congress has unquestionable
power to create corporations.
Mr. WELKER. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope, then, that the pre-
vious question will not be seconded, so that my
amendment may be offered.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Davis and Welker.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
i—ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time. It was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. ^WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
recess of congress again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state in
regard to the resolution offered this morning
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] that while he entertains the opinion which
he then stated to the House in reference to its
privileged character, relating as it does to the
adjournment of Congress, yet inasmuch as the
subject is a delicate one as enlarging the pow-
ers of the two Presiding Officers, and might
be important in its consequences, he will, if the
question is presented to-morrow, submit it, as
the rules authorize him to do, to the House for
its own decision, as that doubtless will be more
satisfactory to all the members than to have it
settled by a decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. That will be satisfactory
to me.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to call attention 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
national capital insurance company.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 23-1, to incorporate the National Capi-
tal Insurance Company, with a substitute.
The substitute was read.
Mr. HALE. I ask if it has been printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to move a re-
committal?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Merctir] has the floor.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman explain
it in a few words ?
Mr. MERCUR. It is an ordinary bill for
the incorporation of fire and marine insurance
companies.
Mr. HALE. I thought it was an Insurance
Bureau.
Mr. KASSON. I would like to understand
one feature in regard to the lien on property to
secure premium notes.
Mr. MERCUR. That has passed out of my
mind. The Clerk may read it. The commit-
tee had so many of these bills before them that
I cannot remember the distinctive features of
each. They were all acted on with care and
deliberation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask whether
the attention of the committee has been specially
directed to the corporators to know who they
are. I know there is a set of shysters about
the capital, and as I do not know these cor-
porators, I would like to be satisfied that they
are applying in good faith for an insurance
companythat is to be put in operation bythem-
selves, and that they are not getting privileges
from Congress with the expectation of selling
out.
Mr. INGERSOLL. As the gentleman seems
to be acquainted with the shysters of the city,
perhaps the Clerk had better read the names.
Mr. SCHENCK. Just as I have had occasion
to be engaged in the prosecution of them with
other criminals.
The Clerk read the names of the corporators
as follows: " Green Adams, Erastus Poulson,
Joseph J. Coombs, Robert Leech, John B.
Clark,jr., G. P. Reznor, FergusM. Blair, Rob-
ert L. Owen, Joseph M. Parish, and others."
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire whether
they are citizens of Washington or not.
Mr. MERCUR. I understand that a part
of them are, and a part are not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Some, I know, are not.
Mr. MERCUR. It appeared before the
committee that they are men of character and
good standing. One of them, Mr. Poulson of
Philadelphia, is personally known to me.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to ask
whether the powers aud privileges granted by
this act can be exercised or enjoyed without the
bounds of the District of Columbia without
the consent of the States.
Mr. MERCUR. No, sir; not without the
conse it of the States. You will find in all
these charters language like this, tuat they
may exercise their power here or elsewhere,
subject to the regulations of the places; and
