1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. What is
the bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is House bill No. 288,
to establish a complete and uniform plan of
sewerage of the city of Washington, and to pro-
vide for such improvement and regulation of the
tide-water front of said city and of the canals
and natural water-courses passing through the
same as may bo necessary for the public health
of said city and the general interest thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to that and everything connected with it
until we have passed upon some other faatters.
1.EAVJ3 0E ABSENCE.
Mr. ALLISON asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Kasson, for the
remainder of the week on account of indispo-
sition .
IIEIRS OF JUAN MIRANDA.
Mr. McRUEIi, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Juan Miranda, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
AMBROSE L. GOODRICH AND NATHAN CORNING.
Mr. WELIiER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution for the relief of Am-
brose L. Goodrich and Nathan Corning; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
rights of citizens.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the following joint resolution (II. it. No.
ti;i) proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States:
Unsolved in/ the Senate and Home, of Representatives
of the United Sfati's ot America in Congress assembled,
(two thiicU of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of tho
several States as an amendment to tho Constitution
of the United states, which, when ratified by three
fourths oi' the said Legislatures, shall bo valid aspai t
of said Constitution, namely:
Autici.Ii; —. The Congress shall luivo power to make
nil laws ivlmt shall bo necessary and proper to securo
to the citizens of ea.oh Stato all privileges and immu-
nities ol eiti/.ens m tho several States, and to a.11 per-
sons in the several States equal protection in the rights
ot lite, liberty, and property.
-Mr. 1I1UBY. Mr. Speaker, I differ from a
gieat many members of this House, and I pre-
sume that 1 shall differ from a great many in
authority as to the question of amending the
Constitution of the United States. I do not
believe in making any amendments that are
going by very slow degrees to a proper conclu-
sion. Neither do I believe in making such
amendments as will occasion a division in tho
public iniad as (o whether any improvement,
has been made or not. But an amendment
that will give strength to the Government of
the United States, an increased strength over
what it may have now under tho present Con-
stitution, will meet with my hearty concurrence.
1 understand this joint resolution, should it
become part of the Constitution of the United
States, will only have the effect to give, vitality
and life la poitions of the Constitution that
ni-obabh were intended from the beginning to
have life and vitality, but which have received
stieli a construction that they have been entirely
ignored and have become as dead mailer in
that in^inmu'iit. When we read this proposed
amendmi'iit we will think it already embraced
in the Constitution, but so scattered through
different portions of it thai it has no life or en-
ergy. But In condensing it, as we find it in this
joint resoluuou. should it become a portion of
the Constitution, it will then become operative
and beneficial.
Mr. Speaker, the article proposed, the adop-
tion of which by two thirds of this House and
of the other branch of Congress would be only
a preliminary step to its becoming apart of the
Constitution, is in these words :
The Congress shall have power to make all laws
wli nh snail be necessary and proper to secure to the
citi/.cus oi eaoh tetate all privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States, and to all persons in
Hi1-" s,,yer:'l states equal protection in the rights of
life, iioerty, and property.
Well, sir. 1 find in the beginning of the eighth
section of the first article the words, "Con-
gress shall have power;" and in the latter por-
tion of the same section are the words,'' to make
all laws which shall be necessary andproper."
"To secure to" are new words embraced in
this amendment. "The citizens of each State,"
and "all privileges and immunities of citizen^
in the several States," are words which are
found in the Constitution in another place.
The fifth article of the amendments of our
present Constitution provides that—■
"No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law."
The language of this proposed amendment
is very little different. It provides that Con-
gress shall secure—
To all persons in tho several States equal protec-
tion in the rights of lifo, liberty, and property.
Thus, sir, we find by an examination of the
Constitution that it was intended to provide
in these separate portions precisely what will
be provided by this article, should it become
a portion of the Constitution.
Why, sir, what force or value is there in ar-
ticle four, section one, of the Constitution, in
those words:
"The citizens of each Stato shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
If that provision had been enforced hereto-
fore, how different would have been the con-
dition of the various States of this Union. Had
that provision been enforced, a citizen of New
York would have been treated as a citizen in
the State of South Carolina ; a citizen of Mas-
sachusetts would have been regarded as a citi-
zen in tho State of Mississippi or Louisiana.
The man who was a citizen in one State would
have been considered and respected as a citi-
zen in every other Stato of the Union.
But, sir, that.provision ofthe Constitution lias
been trampled under foot; it has been consid-
ered in certain States of this Union as nuga-
tory and of no force whatever. The intent of
this amendment is to give force and effect and
vitality to that provision of the Constitution
which has been regarded heretofore as nuga-
tory and powerless.
Mr. Speaker, this resolution comes to this
House from the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion, a committee that was appointed at the
commencement of this session, not to exercise
the power of a star chamber, not to assume a
despotic control over both branches of Con-
gress or any portion of this Government, but to
do the servile work of Congress. That com-
mittee was appointed for the purpose of col-
lecting information in reference to the condi-
tion of those States that, have been in rebellion,
and when fully informed to report their action
and conclusions to both branches of Congress.
This committee have 110 power of legislation.
They have no power to prescribe. 'Choir only
power is to procure information and to report
to each branch of Congress their proceedings,
giving fliis body and the body at the other end
ofthe Capitol light in reference to tho condi-
tion of the States lately in rebellion.
Sir, in what I shall say, I shall forbear to
dwell upon tho condition of those States as to
the facts or details that may be produced, for
the simple reason that we have a body of men
who have been appointed for the purpose of
laying before Congress facts as to the true con-
dition of those States. And, sir, it is too lato
in the day for me to dwell upon those points,
when so many who are abler have long since
spoken on those facts and have presented tliem
so clearly to this body.
But, sir, T propose to dwell upon some points
that are of very great importance at this time
and in the present condition of the country. I
wish to call attention to a few points which I
consider of interest to all the members, and
particularly to those who wore members of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress. Iproposetoexamine
whether this Thirty-Ninth Congress is consist-
ent with the course pursued by the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, or whether we have shot off
from tho true line, and the Executive has taken
it up and is pursuing it: whether we are now
adhering^ to the great principles which we
deemed it our duty to maintain during the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, or whether we have
deserted them. And perhaps I will satisfy
members we are consistent, and that the true
course for the conservatives of this Govern-
ment in the great principles of humanity lies
here with this body, and with the one at the
other end of the Capitol.
Mr. Speaker, I ask this question: when can
each House assume the duties in reference to
the election, returns, and qualifications of its
members? The Constitution of the United
States in the first article answers the question.
The very first article of the Constitution tells us
what are States in the Union. The first article
of the Constitution tells us how many Repre-
sentatives there may be in each State of the thir-
teen. Section five provides that "each House
shall be tho judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its members." I answer the
question thus: whenever, either by virtue of
the Constitution or by law of Congress, which
the Constitution provides, a State may be ad-
mitted into the Union under the Constitution,
when by act of Congress a State is admitted into
the Union, and the number of its Representa-
tives is settled by law, then and then only can
each branch of Congress take up the question
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members.
Sir, let us look a little further into this sec-
tion of the Constitution and see what it does
provide. I invite the attention of members to
this section, and I do it for this purpose, that
they will find on examination that it does not
provide for legislation, but simply for the or-
ganization of each body. There is no legis-
lative power given in the fifth section of the
first article of the Constitution. It is essential
t,o the organization of each body to allow them
to make rules by which each body shall be con-
trolled. It is provided that each body shall be
the judge of the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its own members ; and it is further
provided that, a majority of each House shall
constitute a quorum to do business, but a smaller
number may adjourn from day to day, and may
be authorized to compel the attendance of ab-
sent members, in such manner and under such
penalties as each House may provide. It has
reference to organization and nothing else. It
says, further, that each House may determine
the rules of its proceedings, punish its members
for disorderly behavior, and with the concur-
rence of two thirds expel a member. It pro-
vides that each House shall keep a Journal of
its proceedings, and from time to time- publish
the same, except such parts as may, in their
judgment, require secrecy; and the yeas and
nays of the members of either House on any
question shall, at the desire of one fifth of those
present, be entered on the Journal.
It also provides that neither House, during
the session of Congress, shall, without the con-
sent of the other, adjourn for more than three
days, nor to any other place than in which the
two Houses shall be sitting.
Mr. Speaker, I have given you the whole of
the fifth section, showing what its provisions
are. It has reference to the organization of
Congress and the government of each House
while in session, and gives no legislative power
whatever.
In this section do we find wh.it we are re-
quired to do, and what is insisted upon by the
Executive that we, shall confine ourselves in
considering the cases of these eleven States
which have been in rebellion and which have
occasioned the sacrifice of five hundred thou-
sand lives and the burial of millions of the sub-
stance of the Union? Their Representatives
have vacated these seats for four years of their
own accord, and in the mean time those States
have occasioned the losses I have stated. W hen
they come to our doors -and ask to be admitted
we are told by the Executive of the Union we
shall act only under the fifth section of the first
article of the Constitution, which has reference
only to the organization of each body, and where
no "legislative power whatever is given to Con-
