2974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
the late rebellion, and they could have done it
as well if there had not been a single West
Pointer in the whole Army.
Mr. ROGERS. I don't believe it.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. The gentleman may have
stated what he believes, but it is not of the
least importance what he believes. I do not
think that he has any sufficient knowledge in
regard to the matter. I ask him, where are the
men of the regular Army who drilled and taught
the volunteers to fight? In the whole army of
the West—and gallant, brave men they were—
there was not a handful of West Pointers. I
had the honor of commanding all the regulars
in the West, and if they have a friend on earth
to-day I claim to be that friend. I feel it an
honor to be called their friend. I had hoped,
sir, that the gentleman from New Jersey could
oppose this bill without assailing the volunteer
army of the United States. As one of that
army I repel this assault upon them, and if I
were a West Pointer or a regular I would repel
it all the more strongly.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau,] in the
remarks which he has just made, totally mis-
represents me. His object appears to be to
place me in a false position before the coun-
try 
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not yield the floor
to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Bogeus.J
Mr. ROGERS. I claim the right to be heard
in vindication of myself against misrepresenta-
tion ; and I say that the records of this coun-
try will not sustain the gentleman from Ken-
tucky 
Several Members.* Order!
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ortie in
the chair.) The gentleman from New Jersey
will take liis seat. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiexck] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCIIEXCK. I have promised to yield
to my colleague [Mr. Garfield] that he may
offer an amendment to remove what he con-
siders an ambiguity in the bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman to grant
me three minutes that I may make an explana-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, I yield to my col-
league.
Mr. ROGERS. Well, all I have to say is
that the charge which the gentleman from
Kentucky has made against me is utterly false.
The SPExYIvER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New Jersey must take his seat.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, in the fourth section, after the words
"per month," in the ninth line, the following
■words:
For each month of faithful service in the second
year of his enlistment, and a further like increase of
one dollar moic per month for faithful service in the
third year of his enlistment.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
During the seeondyear of hisenlistment; a further
increase of one dollar per month during the third
year of his enlistment; and one additional dollar
per mouth during each additional year of his enlist-
ment.
So that the clause will read:
Hereafter each enlisted man shall, instead of any
allowance for bounty, receive an increase on his pay
proper of one dollar per month during the second
year of his enlistment; a further increase of one dol-
lar per month during thethird year of his enlistment;
and one additional dollar per month during each ad-
ditional year of his enlistment.
Mr. Speaker, the amendment which I have
offered is designed to render more definite what
appears to some of us a little ambiguous in
the language of the section as it stands in the
bill. The intention of the committee is, I
presume, that after a man shall have served
one year of his term of enlistment he shall,
during the second year, receive one dollar per
month more than during the first year; that
if he shall serve a third year he shall receive
an additional dollar per month, and so on, an
additional dollar per month for each additional
year of service. In order lo obviate what ap-
pears to me an ambiguity in the language of
the section, I have recast it, and I think it
expresses more clearly the intention of the
committee. I believe the chairman of the
committee will accept the amendment.
Mr. Speaker, while I am on the floor I will
say a word on the bill. I have been very much
surprised at the opposition which has been
manifested to this measure. In the first place,
sir, the bill comes from a committee that has
had this subject particularly in its charge and
has given it a careful and thorough examina-
tion. The very fact that the bill is reported
by that committee whose members have always
been stanch defenders of the Army should, it
seems to me, commend it to favorable consid-
eration. But what is of more cousequence, the
provisions of the bill arc such as commend
themselves to my judgment, and I approve it
on account of its own palpable merits.
I have heard no adequate reason offered in
opposition. The present system of pay and
allowances of Army officers is objectionable
because of its uncertainty, because of the ex-
panding and contracting mode of compensa-
tion. In the second place, the system is objec-
tionable because of the fact, which will not be
denied by any one familiar with the adminis-
tration of the present law, that the easier and
more comfortable an officer's duty, and the
further removed from danger, the larger is his
pay; while in proportion to the exposure and
peril of the service in which he is engaged the
smaller is his compensation.
Now, what I have just stated is a matter of
fact which every gentleman who has drawn
his pay as an officer of the Government, first
on active duty in the field and then on some
post duty, well knows. 'I believe no gentle-
man acquainted with the operation of the laws
on that subject will deny this statement. It
is a remarkable rule of compensation that the
more dangerous and arduous the duties of an
officer are the less is his pay, and the more
comfortably he is situated in quarters in a city
•where he is in safety in the midst of society
the greater is his pay.
The object of this bill, Mr. Speaker, is, in
the first place, to make the pay definite in
amount, giving the proper range in conse-
quence of the character of service, light service
the smaller pay and arduous service the larger
pay : and next, instead of the longevity ration,
giving a certain per cent, of increased pay for
more years of service, both to the officer and
the enlisted man. This is a wise provision,
and will cncourage men to remain in the Army.
The argument relied upon as the Samson
of objections by the opponents of this bill is,
that in some parts of the country it costs an
officer more to live than in others, that his
fuel, rations, and quarters" cost more, and
therefore the old system of pay and allow-
ances should be kept up so that the officer
may get what he needs from the Government
at cost price. T answer this by the fact that
our postmasters, our route agents, our territo-
rial judges and circuit judges of the. United
States have fixed salaries, without regard to tho
place where they may serve or the price of
board where they may live.
Mr. WOODJBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether it is not true that postmasters
and route agents are paid according to the ser-
vices which they perform and the locality in
which they may be stationed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am aware that on the
California coast in almost all salaries we have
made a discrimination, but that is an excep-
tion to our general practice. I say to the gen-
tleman that the principle of this bill to which
he objects is one which runs through all of the
official departments of the Government.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that the men who do
not engage in active service in the field should
not have, in addition to their comfortable posi-
tions, more pay than those who bear the bur-
den and heat of the conflict and rough it in
the field or on the frontier. I call upon the
members of the House who desire to do jus-
tice to the men who were the life of the Army
and whose acts illustrate the brightest pages
of our history, that those men shall not receive
less than those who have been in easy and
comfortable positions during the whole strug-
gle. I should like to hare it known through-
out the country that Congress will stand by
these men and say that pay shall depend upon
the character of service rendered, and that it
shall not be, as now, that the less duty shall
earn the greater pay.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will accept the amend-
ment proposed by my colleague. It does not
alter the sense at all of that section, and per-
haps makes it a little clearer.
I propose to insert after the word "field," in
the seventeenth line of the first section, these
words; "or on service as chief of bureau," so
as to give a brigadier general, the ranking offi-
cer of a bureau, the highest compensation of
his rank while on duty in that capacity. I
offer this after consultation with some gentle-
men of the War Department. It is but just
it should be included in that class.
The gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,]
who discussed this mattertlie other day, had an
amendment which, in his absence on account
of sickness, I will offer to the bill. In the mean
time I will hear what the gentleman from Ver-
mont has to offer.
Mr. WOODBRTDGE. It is of course known
by those who heard what I said upon this bill
yesterday that I am opposed to it both in prin-
ciple and detail, but at the same time, if the
bill shall pass, I desire to have it as perfect as
it may be made. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs does not give me
time to answer the arguments of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I simply content
myself by proposing the following amendment,
to come in as an additional section :
And be it farther enacted, That officers of the Army,
when on detached service, shall be allowed, in addi-
tion to their iixed salary, the actual cost of fuel and
quarters.
Mr. SCHENCK. I decline to yield to allow
that amendment to be offered. I have an
amendment to offer on behalf of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paike,] as a modi-
fication of or a substitute for an amendment
which that gentleman has already offered.
The gentleman from Wisconsin is absent on
account of indisposition, and he desires me to
withdraw the previous amendment and offer
this in lieu of it, to come in as an additional
section at the end of section five :
And ha it further enacted. That officer-? may pur-
chase from the properdepartmcnts the same amount
ot subsistence and fuel which they arc now permit-
ted by law to draw in kind, or commute at uniform
prices, torbe fixed from time to time by the Secre-
tary of War, not exceeding the average actual cost
of the same, exclusive of transportation, upon their
certificates that it is for their own use or the ueo of
their tamilies. But nothing in this act CQntained
shall affect the right of officers to use without charge
public barracks or quarters or building? hired for
their use >1 accordance with the laws .and regula-
tions now in force.
I have only to say that this does nothing but
declare the law as it now is. We have not pro-
posed by this bill to interfere with the permis-
sion to purchase subsistence and fuel; but to
remove all doubt this amendment has been
prepared by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
and I hope it may become a part of the bill.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am now appealed to by
thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mi-.Thayer]
to yield to him ten minutes of my time for the
purpose of replying to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dumoxt.]
Mr. THAYER. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck,] who
I hope will allow me to proceed for fifteen min-
utes, for I can hardly say what I desire to in
ten minutes.
I beg the House to understand that 1 do
not intend to traverse again any portion of the
ground I have already gone over in what I had
the honor to submit to this House upon this
subject. My simple purpose in rising is to
reply to some comments which have been made
by gentlemen upon the argument which I sub-
