1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2015
the construction of vessels-of-war and steam
machinery, the pending question being on the
amendment-of Mr. Nye to-the amendment of
Mr. Grimes, to strike out "twelve" and to
insert ''fifteen" before "per cent."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, before the
vote is taken upon cither of the amendments,
or the bill itself, the Senate will indulge me
with a word or two upon the merits of the
proposition contained in the report. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clauk] must
have satisfied the Senate yesterday that some
of the claims should not be allowed unless some
explanation can be given in relation to the
particular claims to which lie called attention
that is not to be found in this report. It is not
necessary that I should call the attention of
the Senate to the two cases to which he ad-
verted, because he did it so clearly yesterday
that it must be fresh in the minds of the Sena-
tors who were at that time present. The hon-
orable member from Massachusetts [Mr. Suji-
xer] seemed to suppose—and that was the
case with one or two other Senators—that what
the Senate has already done and what has been
done under the authority of the Senate's reso-
lution exclude us from the right to inquire into
the justice of these claims, that we are bound
to allow everything that was allowed by the
commissioners appointed under the authority
of the resolution of the Senate. If I took the
same view of that resolution as was taken by
the Senator from Massachusetts, I should cer-
tainly vote accordingly; but I do not so under-
stand the Senate resolution of March, 1865.
The resolution is:
" Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Navy ho re-
quested to organize a board, of not less than three
competent persons, whose duty it shall 'oo to inquire
into and determine howmuch the vessels-of-war and
steam machinery contracted lor by tho Department
in tho years'1862 and 1^63 cost the contractors over
and above tho contract price ancl allowance for extra
■work, and report the same to the Senate at its next
session. None but those that have given satisfac-
tion to the Department to be considered."
The whole authority communicated to the
hoard by the resolution was to ascertain, first,
what the contract price was, and second, to
ascertain what in point of fact was the whole
expenditure under the contract made by the
contractors; but why the expense exceeding
the original contract price was a matter not
submitted to them. The Senate wished to
know whether the expenditure exceeded the
contract price as a fact, reserving to them-
selves the right to decide, if it should be ascer-
tained that the amount did exceed the contract
price, whether the difference should be made
up by the Government, or how much of the
difference should bo made up by the Govern-
ment; and either of these questions would
necessarily involve a further inquiry not sub-
mitted to the. board by the resolution, what
were the reasons which induced an expend-
iture exceeding the contract price. The rea-
sons suggested in the two cases referred to by
my friend from New Hampshire yesterday, in
the first place, were not submitted to the board
to inquire into ; and in the next place, if they
had been submitted to the board, tlicy would
clearly have committed an error in supposing
that they constituted any ground at all binding
the Government to pay the difference between
the contract price and the actual expenditure.
I feel, therefore, under no obligation to allow
what was allowed by the board: and the ques-
tion before the Senatp is one to bo decided
under all the circumstances-of the case. Is it
right that these contractors should be allowed
more than the contracts with the Government
entitled them to demand? That they have no
legal right, I suppose Vill be admitted^ because,
although as between the contractor and the
Government any alteration in the vessels not
stipulated for in the contract would bind the
Government to pay the additional expense con-
sequent upon tho alteration, and perhaps would
bind them to indemnify the contractor for any
expense consequent upon the delay in the com-
pletion of the work because of the change of
the model of the vessel or the engine, it is per-
fectly certain, as all these contracts provided
that there might be a change, that as far as the
law is concerned, as between the Government
and the contractor, there would be no obliga-
tion to pay anything except for the extra work.
But we all know, and if we did not know it
the facts stated in the report bring it before us
very satisfactorily, that there must have been
in some of these cases a loss where there was
no failure at all on the part of the contractor.
The work which these contractors undertook
to perform was a novel one. As the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs told us the other day, no such vessels as
those that we desired to obtain had ever been
built before, or if ever built before they had
never been built in the United States, and
our mechanics were therefore in a great meas-
ure inexperienced in what would be the cost
of vessels of this description, and the Gov-
ernment were equally inexperienced. It was
impossible, therefore, that they should be able
to make any exact, accurate estimate, as they
arc able to do in relation to work the nature
of which is fully comprehended. They went
on therefore from time to time to change very
materially the model not only of the hulls of
these vessels, but of the engines, until they suc-
ceeded in obtaining, as I believe they have,
vessels equal if not superior to any to be found
elsewhere, and they rendered us very material
service during the late civil war. That service
was not only the service of putting it in our
power to terminate the war perhaps sooner
than otherwise it could have been terminated,
but it was in placing us before tho world as a
maritime Power of the very first rank, and that
fact alone gives a pledge I think of safety so
far as foreign wars are concerned. Nothing
but absolute necessity, a necessity growing out
of some imputation on the honor of other Gov-
ernments, or some gross violation on our part
of what is due to the other nations of the world,
would induce them to engage in a war with the
United States; and as I do not apprehend that
any such wrong will be done on the part of
this Government, I feel sure that none of the
nations of the world will ever engage in war
with the United States if they can honorably
avoid it; and that security has been accom-
plished in a great measure by the success of
these vessels.
I hold in my hand, Mr. President, a state-
ment of the reasons which in a particular case
led to an expenditure much exceeding the
amount of tho contract price; it is upon the
part of the contractors in the city of Baltimore
who built the machinery for tho Mackinaw,
machinery, as I understand, that has turned out
to be as perfect, and a great many think more
perfect, than any machinery that has been built
elsewhere for any of these vessels. 'They were
engaged in very profitable business at the time
they entered into this contract; they were soli-
cited to enter into the contract by tho Navy
Department; the works of the Navy could not
supply the immediate demands of the service,
and all the other works, private as well as public,
were oppressed by the urgency of the demand,
and these gentlemen were applied to to build
this machinery. Their statement is this—and
the Senate I am sure will creditiheir statement,
because two more honorable men are not to be
found anywhere. The parties to whom I allude
are Poole & Hunt, who built the machinery
for the United States double-ender Mackinaw.
They say:
1. Poole & Hunt accepted this contract at the soli-
citation of tho Navy Department, at a time when tho
n avy-yards and private marine engine builclin g estab-
lishments of the country were found to be inadequate
to meet the exigencies of the public service.
2. No specifications or drawings had been prepared
by tho Navy Department, for want of time. Tho price
to be paid for the machinery, namely. 882,000, was
iixed bv the Department, and Poole & Hunt assured
by said Department that the price thus fixed would
be ample, and the case of the Paul Jones, then but
recently completed, was cited as proof.
3. The specifications subsequently furnished to
Poole & Hunt by the Navy Department required in
their fulfillment much heavier and consequently
more expensive machinery than Poole & Hunt, had
supposed from the representations of tho Depart-
ment that they would be required to furnish.
4. The cost of tho machinery to Poole k Hunt was
greater than to some other contractors, fortfoe reasons,
first, that they were not regularly engaged in marina
engine building, and had to expend sums in rental of
wharf property, erection of shears for hoisting. &c.;
and secondly, that tho hull of tho vessel, which-was
built at one of the Government navy-yards, was not
delivered to Poole & Hunt for months alter the ap-
pointed time, during which time materials and labor
had advanced in price far beyond all anticipations.
5. Poo!CI & Hunt during a period of great public
necessity devoted their workshops to the construc-
tion of this machinery, to the exclusion of other
orders from private parties, upon which a fair busi-
ness profit could have been made, and in estimating
the cost mane no charge for their own services, but
include only the items of expense directly a.ndjnstly
chargeable to this work, and which determine tho
actual and positive loss.
6. Poole Hunt do notask to bo paid a profit upon
the cost of tho machinery, but having faithfully sup-
plied said machinery, at the positive loss as set forth
in tho report of tho naval commission, and having
had from tho Navv Department no other orders upon
which a profit could be made to offset the loss made
upon the contract in question, only claim to have
said actual loss reimbursed to them.
The actual loss as made to appear to the sat-
isfaction of the board I think was between
forty-two and forty-three thousand dollars.
As I have said, Mr. President, there is no
legal claim perhaps to make this demand; but
it seems to me very clear that in relation to
contractors having a claim under the facts
stated by these particular claimants, it is but
right that they should at least receive some
indemnity; and under all the circumstances
perhaps it would be a fair settlement of the
whole concern to give them a certain percent-
age above the amount of the contract price.
I should prefer the percentage of fifteen per
cent., but if the Senate are unwilling to giva
the fifteen per cent., of course I would vote foi
the proposed percentage of twelve per cent.
I could not vote for the whole amount pro-
posed to be given -by the committee of this
body, not only because it is perfectly evident
that in some cases there is no claim for any
amount, but secondly, because in a case of this
description it is fair that where there is a mu-
tual mistake there should be a compromise ;
and a compromise, as 1 think, can be made so
as to do something like justice to both parties
by giving twelve or fifteen per cent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 think'that a decided
majority of this body believe that some relief
ought to be given to these parties; but exactly
upon what terms and in what way the friends
of the relief are not fully agreed. I think that
an understanding can be arrived at which will
be satisfactory to all the Senators who believe
that something ought to be given. With a
view to that 1 move that the bill be contin-
ued as a special order until to-morrow at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIAXKS TO OEXERAL IIANCOCK.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up the
joint resolution, reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, of thanks to
General Ilancotk.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of th<? Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 58)
expressive of the thanks of Congress to Major
General Winfield S. Hancock. The resolution
is in the following words:
Resolved, it:c„ That, in addition to the thankshere-
tofore voted by joint resolution, approved January
23, 1801, to Major General George G.-Meatle, Major
General Oliver 0. Howard, and to the officers and
soldiers of the army of the Potomac, for the skill and
heroic valor winch at Gettysburg repulsed, dcleated,
and drove back broken and dispirited the veteran
army of the rebellion, the gratitude of tho American
people and tho thanks of their representatives in Con-
gress are likewise due, and arc hereby tendered, to
Major General Winfield S. Hancock, for his gallant,
meritorious and conspicuous share in that great and
decisive victory.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. J OHNSON subsequently said: I thought
that the resolution which the Senate has just
] passed, of thanks to General Hancock, stated
: on its face that it was unanimously resolved.
| It does not, and it will not appear that it was
I passed unanimously unless we amend it.
I Mr. WILSON. "By common consent it can
