1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
jority of Senators right there who voted, on that
occasion for the passage of this bill.
This shows the legislative action of Congress
while he who now sits in the presidential chair
was provisional governor of the State of Ten-
nessee, anJ was being supported there by the
military arm of the Federal Government against
the rebellion, whose fiery billows were threat-
ening to roll over that, State. Congress was
then pursuing its legitimate business. It was
pursuing the course it deemed not only politic
and wise, but just and equitable. It was pur-
suing the course it deemed it must pursue
under the Constitution of the United States, in
order to aid in the reconstruction of these States
as soon as it was possible to do so. While
those southern States wore seething and boil-
ing in the fiery billows of the sultry hell of
rebellion, Congress was deliberating here, and
making provisions for those States to come back
into this Union, if they saw fit to do so, under
the provision that was then being made.
Mr. Speaker, 1 will omit nothing. It is true
that our lamented President, the one who fell
by the hand of the assassin, did not sanction
that bill, or give it his approval. It is also
true that this is the same bill, in reference to
which a Senator from Ohio and a member from
this House from Maryland, came out with their
protest. But, sir, that does not alfeet the posi-
tion of Congress ; that does not affect the posi-
tion that members here look to do what little
they could do in these 1 tails to save this country
and the (iovernnient. Even if the present occu-
pant of I he presidential chair does claim to have
assumed the mantle of I he dead President, and
to befollou'ing in his footsteps, it does not show
any inconsistency on this question in this body
or the body at the other end .of the Capitol.
Sir, I think that President Lincoln did wrong
in refusing to sign that bill; and the terrible
death which ho received at the hands of an
assassin has not sanctified his position in my
estimation. While t respect him for his great
honesty, his integrity of purpose, and the most
exec] lent qualities of head and of heart, I cannot,
any the more believe in the correctness of his
cotirso upon that subject.
1 trust, Mr. Speaker, that I have now made
myself well umierslood in the points which I
have submitted in reference to the distinction
bet ween 1 he executive and the legislative depart-
ment; and tins is all that I designed to accom-
plish in that respect. But, sir, there is another
point to which 1 wish t.o call the attention of
every member of this House. It is one which,
1 think, has been to a great, extent overlooked.
An amendment to the Constitution has been
recently made. It passed this House on the
last day of January, hsii.l, and since that time
has received the sanction or the ratification of
the Legislatures of three fourths of the Slates
of this Union, and has becomo a part of the
Constitution of the. United States. What does
that amendment provide? Its provisions are
as follows: "Armor,K XIII.
"Si;c. f. XeitljerKlnvurvuorinvoliintnry servitude,
oxeept it luntislinn-iil for ri into whoroof tho party
sii/i!ir have boon duly eonv-ieted, sh:i!f exist within
the touted Stiitc^, or any idueo .subjocL to thoir jurts-
die! inn.
"SKe 'J. Oon™ros<s 'dull] huvo power to enforoo thirf
article by appro|iriato leijisUitkm."
Vow, sir, the Government of the United
Slates cannot do away with the force of the
exceptions.! portion of that article, which al-
lows n Slate to frame its laws so that a man
may be sold into slavery "as a punishment for
crime.'' The legislation of'a State may pre-
scribe as the penalty for a particular offense,
that the offender shall pay a fine, or be im-
prisoned in the Stale prison, or be sold into
siavery. Is there any powerin the Government
of the United States by which it can declare
that a State shall punish crime in only one
certain way? Is there in this Union a .single
State whose criminal code does not provide
alternative penalties? The law of my own
State provides that for an assault with a deadly
weapon v. ith an intent to commit bodily injury,
the offender on conviction may be sent to the
State prison for two years, or be fined in the
sum of $5,000. If the judge who pronounces
the sentence sees fit to impose a fine, the of-
fender, if he be able to pay it, suffers no other
penalty. By paying the fine, he saves himself
from imprisonment.
Now, let me suppose a case which not only
may happen, but has happened, in tho south-
ern States. Grant that the laws must be made
equal; that they must be administered equally
upon all classes, without regard to color or race.
Suppose that a Statg enacts a provision that a
party guilty of a particular offense shall, on
conviction, bo imprisoned in the State prison
for two years or be sold into slavery. Such a
provision operates equally upon all classes, but
the judge could discriminate, and could say to
the white offender, " Go to the State prison,''
while he could say to the black man, "Go into
slavery." You cannot prevent such things as
that by any legislation in these Halls. Such
things are being done now in the southern States,
as organized under executive authority. Let
Congress admit that those are Stales of this
Union, with the right of representation, and we
shall have given that system an irrevocable sanc-
tion beyond tho future control of the Govern-
ment of tho United States, because those States
are acting under the amendment of the Consti-
tution, rind can puss such laws in spite of any-
thing which we may do in this Hall, and you
leave slavery sealed upon the Government. That
is one of the results, if the Executive is right
in his position. We arc tied and bound, and
we cannot get by it; but if it requires legisla-
tion, then wo hold the power. But we cannot,
except we can get through an amendment of
the character of the one now pending before
this body, if they are States now, and have the
right to come upon this floor, and we can only
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of our own members.
I have heard a great, deal here, Mr. Speaker,
about taxing the people of the South and not
allowing them representation. I cannot see
any objection that the people who have buried
so nuui3' of the noble men of this Union in
their soil, as well as millions of our substance;
I can see no objection that, they are doing
penance and probation, and that some fruit is
coming from them to this Government.
Why, sir, we have been taxing without repre-
sentation ; and we are now taxing the people of
Nebraska, which is only a Territory, having only
a voice upon this floor and no voice at the other
end of (he Capitol. Nebraska furnished money
and furnished soldiers for the Government.
Nebraska was taxed during tho war, although
she. had no vote hero. How much better is
rebel South Carolina than loyal Nebraska?
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 beg to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the amendment to the Consti-
tution lie is advocating is intended or calcu-
lated to have any effect on the condition of the
Chinamen in California. J fit is to have any
effect upon the Chinese population there, let
us know what effect it is to have ?
Mr. HIGB Y. If the Government will annul
the treaty with China, the people of California
will get rid of the Chinese. 1 know something
of tho Chinese, and do not believe the gentle-
man from Indiana does.
Mr. N1 BLACK. I want information.
Mr. IIIGBY. The Chinese are nothing but
a pagan race. They are an enigma to me,
although 1 have lived among them for fifteen
years. You cannol make good citizens ofthem;
they do not learn the language of the country;
and you can communicate with them only with
the greatest difficulty, as their language is the
most difficult of all those spoken; they even
dig up then-dead while decaying in their graves,
strip the putrid flesh from tho bones, and trans-
port the bones back to China. They bring their
clay and wooden gods with them to this coun-
try, and as we are a free and tolerant people,
we permit them to bow down and worship them.
Sir, they do not propagate in our country.
A generation is not growing up in the Stale,
except an insignificant few in comparison with
the great number among us. Judging from the 1
daily exhibition in our streets, and the well ]
established repute among their females, virtue
is an exception to the general rule. They buy
and sell their women like cattle, and the trade
is mostly for the purpose of prostitution. That
is their character. You cannot make citizens
of them.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. HIGBY. I have a very few remarks to
make.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to finish his speech.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman want?
Mr. HIGBY. Five or ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I understand that gentle-
men on the other side have taken the position
that intelligence is not at all necessary to the
exercise of the right of voting; that a man,
from the fact of belonging to the human race,
is entitled to vote and to be called a man and
brother. I understand them to urge it is a
question of manhood and not a question of
morals, not a question of religion. If a China-
man is one of the human race, why should he
be degraded below the negro? Why should he
not receive the same right as the negro? I
should like to understand it. The negro is of
pagan race, and is a pagan before ho comes here.
Mr. HIGBY. But he is not a pagan now.
The negro is as much a native of this country
as the gentleman or myself. I will say, from
what 1 have seen of the gentleman, when he
knows that people as well as I do, I would abide
by his judgment in reference to the position
they should take in any civilized community.
Mr. NIBLACK. Oneword. Tho gentleman
is very kind. I have no difficulty myself in
arriving at, a conclusion upon this question; and
I was aware that the gentleman knew more
about the Chinese people in this country and
in the country from which they come than 1 do.
I asked for information. 1 want to understand
why we should exclude one race arad include
another, why wo should deny to these people
tho right of naturalization, for instance, and
allow it to others.
Mr. HIGBY. T will tell him. They are
foreigners and the negro is a native.
Mr. NIBLACK. Why do you not naturalize
them?
Mr. IIIGBY. I have given a very good
reason.
Mr. Speaker, I think the passage of this reso-
lution and the adoption of it by the States,
thereby making it a portion of the Constitution,
will give power over these subjects. But, sir,
it is no more than due and proper caution, in
the midst of the stirring events that we are living
in now, and in view of those which are past,,
that wo should hold the power which we pos-
sess here in this legislative body to decide this
question for ourselves, and in our own way,
without executive dictation. And we hold this
power if we insist, as we have been insisting,
and as wo are now insisting, that it shall be
decided by legislative action. Wo hold this very
subject of slavery that will grow up under the
exception to the late amendment en tirely within ,
our power, and we will thereby be enabled to
banish really and forever the institution of sla-
very from the limits of this country. And God
knows that is my heart's desire.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that the wisdom of this
House will run in the same channel that it has
done heretofore, and that the radicalism that is
talked about here, and which is made use of
only as a flimsy excuse by the enemies of the
country to stigmatize the very principles that
were held to by the Thirty-Eighth Congress as
the extreme of the revolutionary doctrines of
the day—1 hope that that radicalism will con-
tinue. It is the only straight-forward way of
dealing with the question. If we stand firm in
our adhesion to these doctrines we shall be the
conservators of the rights of the people and the
