3986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Dana to telegraph to Mr. Conkling to come to
Washington to consult with, the Secretary in rela-
tion to certain frauds in western New York, in re-
gard to which a report had been made by Major
Luddington. an inspecting officer, who had been sent
to New York for the purpose of investigation. The
Secretary of War testifies that he had himself deter-
mined that Mr. Conkling should take charge of the
investigation of those frauds, if he would do so, and
for that purpose directed the dispatch to be sent to
Mr. CoNKLiNGrequestinghimtocometo Washington.
On the 2d of April Mr. Conkling came to Washing-
ton and had an interview with the Secretary of War,
who then urged him to take charge of the investiga-
tion referred to,stating, at the same time, that "he
considered a diligent and rigorous investigation as
absolutely necessary to the safety of the country;
that we were at that time engaged in the midst ot a
draft; General Grant had commencedhis movements,
and thateverythmg depended upon keeping theArmy
up, and the means of keeping the Army up was the
diligent and vigorous rceruiting which was then go-
ing on." That Mr. Conkling expressed himself very
reluctant to engage in it. The Secretary of War ex-
pressed to Mr. Conkling an unqualilied opinion that
there was nothing in the service which he asked of
him incompatible with his position as a member of
Congress clect, and gave lnm reasons at length for
that opinion, and insisted that it was as much the
duty of Mr. Conkling to use his legal knowledge in
aid of the Government in carrying on the war as to
shoulder a musket to drive the enemy out of this
department, and that Mr. Conkling was not at lib-
erty to deny the Secretary of War the benefit of his
services.
The Secretary of War also testified that, if there
was anything wrong in Mr. Conkling's taking that
duty at the time, the wrong rests on the shoulders of
the Secretary of War, and not on Mr. Conkling's.
That the Secretary is the person that ought to be
responsible, in the public judgment, forforcing upon
Mr. Conkling what the Secretary regarded as a
public duty; and that ho had no other reason for
forcing it upon Mr. Conkling than the facts that ho
thought it a vital duty, and knew Mr. Conkling to
bo competent to perform it.
The Secretary of War directed Mr. Dana to pre-
pare the papers for Mr. Conkling in case he should
conclude to render the services required, and the
papers prepared and given to Mr. Conkling arc in
conformity with the instructions of the Secretary of
War. Mr. Conkling, after consultation with the
Judge Advocate General, whose views corresponded
with those of the Secretary, undertook to render the
services required.
It is clear from the evidence that, so far as Mr.
Conklinu's appointment having been made by Mr.
Dana, and the powers with which lie was clothed
having been vested in himby Mr.Dana,theappoint-
ment and the powers accompanying itwereconferred
upon Mr. Conkling by the Secretary of War him-
self; that Mr. Dana had nothing to do with the mat-
ter except to prepare the papers under the specific
direction of the Sccietaiy. These powers were speci-
fied in the following papers:
War Department,
Washington City, Apnl 3,1865.
Sir: _l am instructed by the Secretary ot War to
aulhoi izc yuu to investigate nil cases of fraud in the
provost marshal's office of the western division of
New York, and ail misdemeanors connected with
recruiting. You will, from time to time, make re-
port to the Dcpartmentofthoprogres3of yourlabois,
and will apply for any specif authority for which
you may hav9 occasion. The Judge Advocate Gen-
eral will be instructed to issue to you an appoint-
ment as special judge advocate for the prosecution
of any cases that may be brought to trial before a
military tribunal. You will4also appear in behalf
of this Department in any cases that it may be
deemed more expedient to bring before the civil
tribunals.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. A. DANA,
Assistant Secretary of War.
Eon. Roscoe Conkling.
War Department,
Washington City. April1863.
Hon. Roscoe Conkling having been appointed by
the Secretary of War toinve^tigatctransactions con-
nected with recruiting in the western division of
New York, all telegraph companies and opeiatois
arc respectfully requested to afford him access to any
dispatches which he may require for the purpose of
detecting frauds and bunging ciiminals to trial.
By order of the Secretary of War:
, . C. A. DANA.
Assistant Secretary of IFa?\
War Department,
Washington City, April 3,1865.
Hon. Roscoe Conkling having been appointed by
the Secretary of War to investigate transactions con-
nected with recruiting m the western division of New
York, all provost marshals and other military offi-
cers* arc hereby directed to give him free access to all
their official records and correspondence, and to fur-
nish him certified copies of any papers that he may
require.
By order of the Secretary of War:
C. A. DANA,
Asiitfant Secretary of War,
The committee have failed to discover that any
exti aordinai.v powers weie conferred upon Mr. Conk-
ling without the sanction of the Secretary of War,
which enabled him to violate the sanctity of per-
sonal business correspondence. It is certain that no
complaint that the .-unctiiy of any personal business
correspondence has been violated by Mr. Conkling
under that authority has been brought to the notice
of the committee. Both the Secretary of War and
Mr. Dana testify that the powers given to Mr. Conk-
ling were those usually given in such cases, and. in
regarckto this paper the Secretary of War testifies:
44 I do not understand the paper as giving him any
right to make use of private despatches, any way,
but to be a request only to telegraph ottieerstoafford
him facilities tor detecting frauds and bringing crim-
inals to trial. The other, as to the provost maishals
giving him free access to their records and corre-
spondence, is a general authority which is given in
all such cases, and is necessary for any person en-
gaged in these investigations to exorcise."
It appears from the testimony of Mr. Dana that
the appointment of Mr. Conkling was not made
without notifying General Fry, but that on the 3d of
April, the day of the date of the papers which were
given to Mr. Conkling. and the day on which he sig-
nified his willingness to undertake the duty, Gen-
eral Fry was informed by Mr. Dana that the Sec-
retary oT War had employed Mr. Conkling for this
purpose, and had directed that ho (Mr. Fry) should
put into Mr. Conkling's hands at once all the papers
relating to Major Haddock.
The statement of General Fry's letter in relation
to the sums received, or reported to have been re-
ceived, by Mr. Conkling, being adverted to in another
place, the next allegation of the letter is as follows :
"But, as hereafter shown, he was as zealous in pre-
venting prosecutions at Utica as he was m making
them at Elmira, and the main ground of difficulty
between Mr. Conkling and myself has been that I
wanted exposure at both places, while he wanted
concealment at one."
In investigating the charge contained in this para-
graph, the committee directed their inquiries first to
the question whether Mr. Conkling had been zealous
to prevent prosecution of pcisonscliarged withfraud
at Utica in the manner particularly specified in the
letter, or in any other manner; and, second, whether
Mr. Conkling had manifested any desire that any
frauds upon the Government at Utica should bo con-
cealed or any inquiry in rela tion to them suppressed.
In considering these questions it became proper for
the committee to determine the extent of the duty
which had been imposed upon Mr. Conkling by the
Secretary of War, and upon this question the under-
standing ot the Secretary oi War, by whom the ap-
pointment was made, is thus given m his testimony:
"I do not think that Mr. Conkling was authorized
or directed to institute prosecutions against any one
disconnected with Major Haddock. Major Haddock
was the chief of the de-payment; it was alleged that
he had accomplices: that these frauds were the result
of combinations and conspiracies, official and non-
ofiicial, for the purpose of plundei ins thepublicTreas-
ury; to con line the power him ply to Mjjor Haddock's
ea&e would have been ineffectually narrow. Thepower
was therefore given him to investigate everything in
connection with that transaction, and it would have
been unwise for the Government to limit it or confine
the investigation within a narrower compass than is
expressed m the papers. But the assignment of Mr.
Conkling on the couit-inartial determines the ques-
tion, the order detailing the court and assigning him
to act as judge advocate in the trial of Major Had-
douk and no other person. All that Mr. Conkling
couid do in respect to other persons than Major Had-
dock would be to prefer charges or proofs agair^t
others besides Major Haddock, and then it would
require the order of the Department detailing this or
some other court of which he might or might not be
amcmber as judge advocate, for the purpose of bring-
ing those eases to trial. Mr. Conkling could put
nobody on trial, except by tho special order of the
Department."
Ko evidence was given before the committeetend-
ing to show any direct effort on the part of Mr. Conk-
ling to prevent the prosecution of any one in Utica
or elsewhere, and the inquiry was therefore nar-
rowed to the question whether he had in any man-
ner neglected to communicate to the Department
information which he ought to have given in rela-
tion to frauds upon the Government, and especially
whether he had neglected to do so because such in-
formation would have been used against particular
individuals or persons living in Utica district. In
the inquiry upon this point the testimony was con-
fined, by the ruling of the committee, to the single
fact whether frauds existed which had come to the
knowledge of Mr. Conkling, and which he had not
mode known to tho Department. Evidence offered
in relation to alleged frauds in the Utica district, of
which Mr. Conkling was not shown to have had any
knowledge, was not received by the committee; nor
was evidence lcccivcd m relation to matters con-
cerning which full information had been given to
the Government: thecommittee believingthatitwas
the duty of the War Department to determine what
prosecutionsshould be instituted when the facts were
within the knowledge of the Department, and that
Mr. Conkling discharged his whole duty in that be-
half when the information which he had himself
received had been communicated to the War De-
partment.
It is true that considerable evidence has been
incorporated in the record which would have been
excluded by a strict adherence to the rule adopted
by the committee. This has arisen from the fact that
much of the testimony was taken while the House
was in session, and by different members of the com-
mittee, not having leave to sit during the sessions of
the House, and it was consequently impossible for
the members of the committee taking the testimony
to understand the precise connection of the testimony
offered with that which had been taken bysomeother
member of the committee, and it was deemed best to
be more careful not to exclude any evidence from the
record that might possibly be pertinent to the sub-
ject-matter of inquiry, than not to admit any that
might be wholly irrelevant.
The specifications given in General Fry's letter,
under the charge that " as hereafter shown, Mr.
Conkling was as zealous in preventing prosecutions
at Utica as he was in making them at Elmira," are
a3 follows:
"That Mr. Conkling complained both to the Pres-
ident and to the War Department of the action of
General Fry in the removal of Captain Richardson
(the first provost marshal ofMr. Conkling's district)
upon a report of Judge Advocate Turnei that the
proofs in his case disclosed a reckless persistence in
fraudulent practices.
44 The second issue was as to the testimony of Cap-
tain Crandall, after I had secured his removal from
duty on the recommendation of Major Luddington,
who thoroughly inspected the district, and reported
that though not legally guilty he had morally per-
petrated most glaring, inexcusable fraud oil the Gov-
ernment, and that he had quieted his conscience by
casuistry and regulated his actions by the counsel of
unscrupulous legal advisers. Mr. Conkling failed to
get Captain Crandall restored.
"The third issue was as to the Government's em-
ploying counsel to defend Captain Crandall after lie
had been relieved, and had carried with him, in vio-
lation of the orders of the Department, some $20,000
local bounty deposited with him in behalf of recruits,
and in regard to which he got into litigation. In this
Mr. Conkling failed."
The words "as hereafter shown," as they appearin
connection in General Fry's letter, that Mi\ Conk-
ling was as zealous 41 in preventing prosecutions at
Utica as in making them at Elmira," must refer to
the three specifications above given, because, unless
shown in one or the other of those specifications,it is
notshown atallin General Fry's letter that Mr. Conk-
ling was zealous "in preventing prosecutions at
Utica," or that "lie wanted concealment there." It
wa^ contended befoie the committee that these words,
44 as hereafter shown, "limited the ehaiges against Mr.
Conkling to the three specifications above given. If
this be so, the specifications signally fail to bear out
the charge made. In theease of Captain Richardson,
it was not the duty of Mr. Conkling to have reported
his ease to the Government, for the reason that tho
Government already had a full report of the ease from
Judge Advocate Turner, and it was for the Depart-
ment, and not Mr. Conkling, to determine what ac-
tion should be taken thereon, and because several
months before the appointment of Mr. Conkling to
investigate frauds in the western division of New
York, this matter had been placed in the hands of
William A. Dart, the United States distiict attorney,
who had charge of the case when Mr. Conkling re-
ceived his appointment. Mr. Conkling manifestly
did not attempt to prevent the prosecution of Cap-
tain Richardson by neglecting to furnish infomia-
tion which was within his knowledge and not within
the knowledge of the Government, nor by neglecting
to institute proceedings against Richardson, because
that was a matter with which he had nothing to do.
Did he attempt to prevent prosecutions at Utica by
complaining of the action of General Fry in the re-
moval of Captain Richardson ? The facts are as fol-
lows:
December 30,1861, Mr. Conkling addressed a let-
ter to the President of the United States, in which
the fact of the removal of Captain Richardson is
stated, and the belief of the writer that it had been
accomplished by the efforts of Major Haddock, in
whom the loyal people had no confidence, and who
wac suspected of fraudulent practices, (which suspi-
cion was afterward sworn to have been well founded.)
The letter refers to a rumor that charges had been
made against Captain Richardson, based, as the let-
ter states, upon affidavits prepared by those whose
character does not raise a presumption in favor of
their motives. And then the writer says: " Of course
I have nothing to say as to the truth of the charges,
if there are charges, as I do not know what they are.
I ought, however, to say that in common with others
I have kept a pretty close watch upon Captain Rich-
ardson, and that I have never discovered any corrupt
practices in him. But the point I wish to submit is
his being thus summarily disgraced without knowl-
edge of the ground and without his being heard."
The letter states that the supervisors through whom
themenhave beenraised had signed and lodged with
the writer on earnest protestagainst the proceedings.
No complaint is made in tho letter against General
Fry by name, or by spccial reference. The letter
referred to was written by Mr. Conkling, and the
coDcuirenccof the following eminent citizens of that
district was indorsed thereon: lion. W. J. Bacon,
Ellis H. Roberts, Hon. Ward Hunt, Erastus Clark,
T. R. Walker, and C. H. Hopkins. The committee
have failed to discover any evidence of any unwor-
thy or improper motive on the part of Mr. Conk-
ling, or the other gentlemen concurring in that let-
ter, nor can the committee perceive how it is possi-
ble to imagine that the letter affords any indication,
however remote, that Mr. Conkling was zealous to
prevent the prosecution of Mr. Richardson, or desir-
ous of concealing his acts from scrutiny. Indeed,
the main object of the letter seems to have been to
ask an investigation.
In relation to Captain Crandall no concealment
was possible, for the reason that a full report had
been made by Major Luddington before Mr. Conk-
ling is shown to have had anything to say or do in
reference to him; and surely Mr. Conkling could
not be in fault for not prosecuting him, whon, as
stated in Major Luddington's report, he had incurred
no#legaI guilt; consequently it. is not shown by any
evidence in relation to Captain Crandall that Mr.
Conkling was zealous in preventing prosecutions at
Utica, or desired concealment of any frauds there.
And here the committee might leave this matter of
Captain Ciandall.but it is considered but just to Mr.
Conkling that a true statement of his connection
with matters relating to Captain Crandall should be
given. It appears from the evidence of Hon. Ward
