1866.
THE CONGRESSICMA-L GLOBE.
297T
they reply, not the regular Army. Now let ine
ask, who constitute the regular Army ? The
regular Army as it exists to-day, so far as its
officers are concerned, is made up, more than
four fifths, of officers appointed from civil
life, and never educated at West Point. So
that disposes, I believe, of the apprehension
or fear in regard to this being a blow at West
Point.
What next? Who are they who are opposed
to the passage of this bill? Officers of the
regular Army? Sir, I aver, without the fear of
successful contradiction, that a very large ma-
jority of the officers, including some of the
very best in the Army, are exceedingly solicit-
ous that a bill of this kind should pass. But
they are officers who are not here in Washing-
ton ; they are officers who are away on duty.
Some of them have been here, however, and
within the last twenty-four hours I have been
appealed to by two or three of them who did
most gallant service in the field, sweeping the
rebels from the Shenandoah valley and per-
forming deeds of valor elsewhere, who desire
nothing more than that such a bill as this
should pass this House and should pass Con-
gress.
Now, sir, there is a good deal of the regular
Army away from Washington, away from Phil-
adelphia, away from New York, away from the
various stations about the country, away from
the headquarters of the various military depart-
ments and divisions. And everybody that is
away from those places desires this bill to pass ;
because it will more or less help them, while
everybody who is at this station desire this bill
not to pass, because it will out a little into their
pay. And that is the fact in reference to the
witnesses who have been arrayed here upon the
one side or the other.
But, sir, I will refer to the witnesses pro-
duced, and they are not so much witnesses as
to facts. Who are they? "Three that bear
witness." I hope I shall not be deemed irrev-
erent. And upon this proof, furnished for the
occasion by the War Department, gentlemen
have spoken pretty much all they have to say
upon this subject. They might just as well
have had this printed communication from the
pay department read at the Clerk's desk, and
there rested their case, than to have amplified
upon it and made it, perhaps, a little obscure
in doing so. [Laughter.] On the 10th of
March, after this bill was reported from my
committee, it was deemed important to get an
opinion in regard to it; and accordingly a copy
of the bill was furnished to my very excellent
friend, the present Paymaster General. He gave
his opinion that the bill was inexpedient and
ought not to pass ; and he sustained that opinion
by reports made heretofore upon that subject.
By whom? By Paymaster Towson in 182(1,
when the subject was before under discussion,
and he backed it up by a corroborating opinion
of Paymaster General Larned, made in 1856,
and he indorses the reports of both Towson
and Larned.
Mr. FAENSWORTH. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that that report is signed
by Paymaster General Brice ? 1 should think
not. I know that only two months ago I had
a conversation with Paymaster General Brice
on this very subject, and he told me then that
he thought, such a bill as this ought to pass,
and that it would certainly save the pay de-
partment very much trouble if the pay of offi-
cers were fixed at a definite sum, and not left
to depend upon various contingencies.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not only that, bat it is
a simplification of the mode of pay, saving a
vast amount of machinery of the paymaster's
department—a machinery now occupied in
ciphering out these long, inextricable roils,
which my friend from New York [Mr. Davis]
thinks that ''lie who runs may read," and
understand, too.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me
a word?
Mr. SCHENCK. As I have referred to the
gentleman, I suppose I must yield to him.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to know what effect
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 187.
this bill would have upon the pay of a major
general, a brigadier general, who had been in
the service thirty years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer that ques-
tion presently; I prefer to proceed now.
The Paymaster General says:
"I send you, herewith, an extract from an official
report of that prallont and much distinguished officer
of the warof 1812, Brevet MnjorGeneral-Nfaiban Tow-
son, Paymaster General of the Avmy for thnty-iive
years, (from 1819 till hi? decease ill 185f,) made to the
Secretary of War, April 3,182(3.
"Also a letter on the same subject, addressed to the
Secretary of War, dated February 18, 1856, by the
excellent successor of General Towson, tko late Pay-
master General Larned."
We have here got three witnesses on the
stand, and it is fair to look at the interest of
witnesses; they are Paymaster General Brice,
Paymaster Larned, 'and Paymaster General
Towson; all of the three, according to the
present policy, being stationed where they get
these allowances. Very naturally they do not
want the law changed. That is the whole of it.
I do not say this for the purpose of impeaching
either of these three gentlemen, and 1 will not
be misconstrued by having it said that I im-
peached them by referring to them in this way.
But 1 do say that Paymaster Generals are akin
to us, and to human nature—the human nature
that characterizes us—as much so as any others;
and it is a most unnatural thing to call upon
gentlemen and expect them to decry a system
by which they themselves benefit, and ask them
to come forward as volunteer witnesses to tes-
tify against it.
I wish those gentlemen had written to the
officers in the field. I wish they had sent out
to those who arc serving on the plains, or who
are on duty at the various posts throughout the
country ; who are with their troops doing the
hard, active work of their profession, consti-
tuting as they do a very large majority of the
whole number of the officers of the Army, and
obtained their opinions upon this subject. I
oppose witness to witness. I have had not
merely one but many communications and
appeals from officers of that class, who desire
that this bill shall pass, because it seeks to
do justice to them, and aims to establish some
fair and equitable relation between them and
others.
Now, I propose to illustrate this, not at any
great length, because I suppose the House has
had enough not only of the discussion upon
the general merits of the bill, but also of the
illustrations which have been presented here.
I will show how this bill will work, by taking
for instance the first officer upon the list, a
major general, and I do this at the risk of
repeating to some extent what I have already
said upon this subject.^The pay proper of a
major general, under the present system, is
$220 a month, or $2,040 a year. To that pay
is added commutation for four servants, at
sixteen dollars each per month, or $ 70S a year.
The allowance for clothing for those four ser-
vants is $312 a year. He is allowed for sub-
sistence for himself fifteen rations per day for
three hundred and sixty-five days, or five thou-
sand four hundred and seventy-five per year;
and for his servants four rations per day, or
fourteen hundred and sixty per year, making
an aggregate of six thousand nine hundred and
thirty-live rations, which, at thirty cents per
ration, would make $2,080 50. Then he is
allowed to draw forage for five horses, amount-
ing, at the present appraised value of forage
here in this city, to S208 50 for each horse,
making an addition of $1.0-12 50. Ho also
gets an allowance for fuel, which varies a little
in different places. But in making out the
allowance for fuel, they generally take the aver-
age cost of the best dry hickory wood, and set
that down as the price of fuel to be allowed.
As estimated here a major general is allowed
$309 02 for fuel. And then he is allowed as
commutation for quarters the further sum of
$1,290, making his aggregate pay S3.048 02;
or $048 02 more than the Secretary of War
receives. That is the pay of a major general,
when on duty here in Washington, or at head-
quarters in Baltimore, Philadelphia, or New
York, or out upon the plains at a post, or
wherever else he may be, doing the duty of a
major general at a station, as is the case with
most if not all major generals in time of peace.
Now it is true that of this sum $1,042 -50 is
for forage, which is in kind and not in cash.
All the rest of it is paid in cash. The gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. WooDBRIDGEj says
that these poor suffering soldiers cannot a/Ford
even to keef) a carriage. Sir, the peculiarity
of the pay of an officer of the Army is that he
can keep his carriage, while but few of the offi-
cers of the naval or civil service can do so.
The officer of the Army can draw for his horses
forage in kind, and therefore he can be sure
of having enough to keep his horses. And it
is also true that some of them drive around in
ambulances which belong to the Government,
and which cost the officers no more than their
forage does.
Mr. WOODBEIDGE. You were a major
general in command at Baltimore, at one time,
I believe.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir, and I speak
knowingly upon this subject, because I liave
been a part of it, though I will not consent to
be put into the confessional here. I was ena-
bled to live very well there upon my pay of
over $8,000 a year, a great deal better than I
can live here as a member of Congress upon
my pay of $3,000 a year. I did not save much
of my pay then; I save still less of it now.
Even when I was of that class of officers who
are better paid than any other class of officers
under the Government of the United States—I
mean the officers of the Army—X confess to the
extravagance of having spent pretty nearly all
of my pay. as 1 have no doubt my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Woonjiiiiuci:] would have done
under the like circumstances.
But that docs not touch the merits of this
question, to which I will nowgob-ack. It was
an unlucky illustration which the gentleman
made about these officers not being able to
keep their carriages, for in fact, they are just
the class of officers who are able to keep their
carriages. The Government feeds their horses,
for which the officer is at no expense, and he
can purchase n carriage of his own, or drive
about in an ambulance belonging to the Gov-
ernment. which also will cost him nothing.
Now, 1 like too see these officers driving about
in their carriages; I like to see them well paid.
But, as I said before, the difficulty with the
gentlemen who oppose this bill is that they
must deal with facts, and not with mere opin-
ions. Now, take from the entire pay of the
major general, which is $8,048 02, the cost of
the forage, $1,042 50, and there is left the sum
of $7,600 12. How does it happen to be so
much? Because that aggregate sum includes
$500 02 as commutation for fuel and $1,296
as commutation for quarters, making an aggre-
gate of $1,805 02 which these gentlemen got
by reason of being stationed at some town or
post, or away from the troops, and upon a dif-
ferent sort of duty ; while officers who are in
the field and with their troops do not get this al-
lowance. Subtract $1,805 02 from $7,006 06
and you have remaining $5,800 44.
Now, this biil does what? It gives to each
major general who is serving in his proper ca-
pacity as commandant of a military division or
of a department $7,000; and if he bo^upon a
less command it gives him $0,500. Thus it
takes. I admit. S00G 00 away from the major
general who is serving in this quasi civil capa-
city. in an administrative capacity or in a cler-
ical capacity, or in a military capacity not in
the immediate and direct command of troops ;
while it adds $1,200 in one case and $700 in
another to the pay of those major generals who
are actually doing the hard active duty of their
profession with troops and with their com-
mands. This explains why those officers who
are with their troops and with their commands
—constituting the large majority—are in favor
of some such bill as this; while the present
.system receives the support of those who fill
the easier, the quieter, the less dangerous posi-
tions, though my fiiend from Vermont thinks
