1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2017
are "after said adjournment;" that is, after the
adjournment of the Senate. The Senator.will
see that it does not interfere with the payment
up to the date of adjournment. I drew it in
reference to that. I drew it in a great hurry.
JIv intention was to permit the salary to be paid
until the last day of the session, but, beyond
that it is not to be paid. The amendment does
not conflict with the opinions to which the Sen-
ator refers.
Mr. NESMITH. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, if it is contemplated by this
amendment to prevent the payment of salary
to a person if he should be reappointed after
the Senate adjourns.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not. We
have no control over that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment
will cover the ease suggested by the Senator
from Oregon, else it will be a useless provision.
If the President the moment the Senate adjourn
can reappoint whom he pleases when the va-
cancy has previously existed, and pay him, the
confirmation of the Senate amounts to nothing,
and the Senator's amendment amounts to noth-
ing. 1 think it ought to embrace those cases.
While 1 am up, I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Missouri another amendment which
I think is necessary. Some years ago, I think
in ltfljo, a provision was inserted in an appro-
priation bill to prevent the payment of salaries
to persons who were appointed as officers in
cases where no such office existed, and also to
prevent the payment to persons who were ap-
pointed to (ill vacancies, which vacancies had
existed while the Senate was in session and
were not filled until after its close. That pro-
vision, [ think, read something like the one
which the Senator from Missouri has now intro-
duced. It prohibited the drawing of any money
from the Treasury, as I recollect it, to pay those
officers. But the point to which I desire the
attention of the Senator from Missouri is this :
notwithstanding that provision of the law, the
Government found no difficulty in paying the
persons whom it undertook to make officers
without authority of law, out of the depart-
mental contingent funds. The money was not
drown for that purpose; it was drawn as a
coitingency, to pay the contingent expenses
of the Department, and was then taken to pay
th ;se persons, who were not officers at all: for
the President of the Uniled States has no more
authority to make an officer, when the oflice is
n it established by the Constitution or by law,
fcl Sn.'&e has to make a king. I will call atten-
tion tb that provision of the statute.
Slty, HENDERSON. Do you allude to the
st'itute of 1803 7
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is on page 640 of
tb 2 twelfth volume of the Statutes-at-Large. It
was attached to the Array appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the provision:
"That no money sliall be paid from (lie Treasury
of theUnited States to any person actinsorassuming
to act as an officer, civil, military, or naval, as salary
in any office, which office is not authorised by some
previously existing law. unless whore such omceshall
be subsequently sanctioned by law; nor shall any
money be paid out of the Treasury as salary to any
person appointed duiinsc the recess of the loenate to
fill a vacancy in any existing office, which ya.oancy
existed while the Senate was in session and is by law
required to bo filled by and wiih the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, until such appointee shall have
been confirmed by the Senate."
Notwithstanding that statute, persons were
paid out of the contingent fund, as we have
learned in response to our resolutions of in-
quiry, introduced at the present session, I think,
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner.] The different Departments admit that
they have been paying officers 
Mr. SUMNER. In violation of law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have done it, I
think, out of the contingent fund. I believe
their responses show that. I think it is a vir-
tual violation of the law; it is a violation of
the spirit of the act. But I would take away
the subterfuge ; I would provide in this section
that no money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury fur that purpose, and no money shall be
paid out of any fund whatever to persons claim -
39th Cong. 1st Suss.—No. 127.
ing to have an oflice when there is no such
office. The Constitution of the United States
authorizes the President of the United States
to appoint all officers created by that instru-
ment or which shall be established by law ; but
he cannot appoint to an office that is not estab-
lished by law. Another clause of the Consti-
tution directs that officers shall be appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; and still another clause that the Presi-
dent may make temporary appointments to
offices in cases of vacancies which occur dur-
ing the recess of the Senate, and the appointee
shall hold his ofiicc until the close of the next
session of the Senate. That is a valid appoint-
ment, and such an officer is authorized to be
paid. But if the vacancy exist while the Sen-
ate is in session, it is the duty of the Execu-
tive to fill it, and he has no authority to fill it
afterward. The Constitution of the United
States vests him with no such power. It is
only when a vacancy happens during the recess
that he can fill it without the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate. If, then, a vacancy exists
now or before the Senate adjourns, while it is
in session, there is but one way under the Con-
stitution of the United States to fill that office,
and that is, by and with the advice and consent,
of the Senate; and if the President omits to
make a nomination, or makes a nomination
which is rejected by the Senate, the office must
go vacant until the Senate shall meet and con-
firm the appointment.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator that
we let this bill go over and have the amend-
ment printed, in order to take up the habeas
corpus bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is, perhaps, a mat-
ter of some importance, and 1 think, as my
friend from Iowa suggests, that we had better
let it go over and let the amendment be printed,
so that wo may consider it carefully. I think
this amendment ought to be so worded that
under no circumstances could the money ot tliq
people be taken to pay persons who are hold-
ing positions not provided for by law; or are
holding them contrary to the Constitution and
the law. I move that this bill bo postponed until
to-morrow, and that the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri be printed, in order-
that we may see exactly what it is.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that course being taken, and I will add a
slight amendment to the amendment as it now
stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the pending bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, and that the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiihrsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 248) for the relief of James G.
Clarke.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolution; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore of the Senate;
A bill (S. No. 2-18) for the relief of James
G. Clarke; and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 102) for the
relief of Alexander Thompson, late United
States consul at Maranham.
protection oe united states officers.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
238, in relation to the habeas corpus.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R- No. 238) to
amend an act entitled " An act _ relating to
habeas corpus, and regulating judicial proceed-
ings in certain cases," approved March d,
1808, the pending questionbemg on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to add at the end of the first section the
following;
But no such order shall be a defense to any suit or
action for any act done or oniitteu to be clone alter
the passage of this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
ji.r. ijau a i T propose to amend the
amendment reported by the committee by
inserting in line eighteen, after the word
"shall," the words ''by force of this act or
the act to which this is "an amendment;" so
that it will read:
But no such order shall, by force of this act, or the
act to which this is an amendment, bo a defense to
any suit or action lor any act done or omitted to be
done alter the tiassage of this act.
Mr. CLARK. I think there is no objection
to that amendment; I believe, on the whole,
that it is proper.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
"The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 now move, in section
one, lines three and four, to strike out the
words ''or other trespasses or wrongs done
or committed."
The object of this amendment is, not to
diminish the scope of subjects upon which this
section operates, but to take out from the sec-
tion what is a manifest admission that certain
trespasses and wrongs have been done and com-
mitted which Congress is asked to justify by a
mere enactment or edict. For one, I uo not
admit that the searches, seizures, arrests, and
imprisonments which we design to reach are
either trespasses or wrongs; and it will be
anomalous, it appears to me, in legislation to
declare in a law which we pass, that we do jus-
tify, even if we have the power, anything which
is a trespass or a wrong, an act for which a cit-
izen is entitled, by all the principles of law, to
redress. Therefore, my design is that these
obnoxious words, to me, may be stricken out,
so that the section will read: " that any search,
seizure, arrest, or imprisonment made, or any
acts done or omitted," &e., without giving
character to the act. Let the law decide that
Mr. HO W AIID. T see the object of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, but it occurs to me that wo
should retain the words'' trespasses or wrongs.''
The language of the section applies it only to
cases of search, seizure, arrest, or imprison-
ment ; that is to say, that will be the applica-
tion if the amendment is carried. It seems to
me I would not narrow it down to that partic-
ular description of acts. There may bo some
acts performed which arc neither searches, seiz-
ures, arrests, nor imprisonments, which ought,
to come within the purview of the act. I there-
fore venture to suggest to the honorable Senator
that he modify his amendment so as to insert
the word "alleged" before "trespasses;" so
that the section would read, " or other alleged
trespasses or wrongs done or committed.'
Will not that meet the idea which the Senator
entertain s ^
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears to me that the
terms following the words "imprisonment
made," which are,"or any acts done or omit-
ted to be done during the said rebellion, &c.,
arc as broad as language can possibly be made.
They are words of the most, general character;
and therefore my fnend from Michigan is mis*
taken when he supposes that this section will
be confined to searches, seizures, arrests, and.
imprisonments, merely; because then, with
the amendment, the bill proceeds to declare
in the broadest possible terms, " any acts done
or omitted to be done duringthe said rebellion.'
If we desire by language which is perfectly
supreme in its scope to cover every species ot
act which may be done, I am sure no more
chosen or fit language^ tould possibly be
adopted; and therefore it appears to me tor
the sake of good taste, as well as for the sake
of consistency, we ought not to begin an enact-
ment in this Congress by declaring that we
justify by a mere edict anybody s trespasses
or anybody's wrongs. t
Mri CLARK. I think this is mamlya ques-
tion about the construction of the bih. oi^rather
a question of verbiage more than anything else,
