2978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
that there is greater risk of life here in Wash-
ington than in the field of deadly combat.
Mr. WOODBJRIDGE. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman whether the officers who are
serving in the field do not have those very
things which are allowed in the way of com-
mutation to officers who are upon detached
service.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will tell the gentleman.
For fuel we subsisted principally on fence rails ;
sometimes we had green wood, when the sol-
diers could get it. For quarters, we had some-
times what the gentleman from Indiana de-
scribes—a number of fence rails leaned against
a fence, with some straw thrown over ; or, if
not that, sometimes the canopy of heaven,
sometimes a tent. Sometimes in a fort with a
garrison, quarters may be supplied by the Gov-
ernment ; but these are very different from the
quarters which gentlemen get who have the
food fortune to be at headquarters, or in the
far Department, or on recruiting duty, and,
as my friend from Indiana says, living under
an arrangement by which their tavern bills are
paid ; for that is the whole of it.
Here again my friend and colleague on the
committee [Mr. Blaine] is exceedingly dis-
tressed on account of certain officers who
might be ordered to some remote place in
some distant mountainous region where wood
might be $100 a cord. Now, does any man
believe that any ollieer sent to any such placc
ever paid to warm himself $100 a cord for
wood? The Government may have paid that
sum ; but the peculiarity of the matter is that
this bill does not touch those who are on gar-
rison duty in forts and who have their fuel
paid for and their quarters supplied by the
Government ; and though it might cost the
Government a considerable sum to warm the
officer sent out to one of those distant posts,
the ollieer, under the present system, saves all
his commutation. He probably does not draw
it at all, because at one of these outposts there
is no occasion for him to buy wood at $100 a
cord. That was a sort of fancy picture.
Besides, sir, we are not legislating bore for
a condition of tilings in which wood may be
$100 a cord. We are legislating for the ordi-
nary normal condition of the country in regard
to prices. Now, it may bo that when gold was
first discovered in California the prices of sub-
sistence in that region rose to such an extent
that it was a hardship upon an officer, civil
or military, to be sent out there at the com-
pensation ordinarily paid to any other civil or
military oflicer. It may be that the Govern-
ment found it necessary in that extraordinary
and exceptional ease to interfere. So, 1 appre-
hend, the Government might do again. The
difficulty is, these gentlemen want us to make
them the exceptional ease all the time.
How is this commutation 1'or fuel and quar-
ters? Gentlemen have talked something about
it, and those who havo not informed them-
selves would be led to suppose when an oflicer
is ordered to headquarters at Washington lie
has to spend his money in wanning the office
he occupies, and to pay the rent for that office,
ami that it is necessary he should have it all
back again in the way of commutation. No
such thing. If General Augur be put oil duty
here he has offices provided for him in which
all the business of the headquarters of this
department is transacted. He has a house
here with an oflice for himself, with all the
rooms appurtenant thereto, all of which are
paid for by the Government out of the Treas-
ury of the United Slates. And every pound
of coal and every stick of wood which is used
by General Augur in warming his headquarters
are paid for out of the Treasury.
What, then, is this commutation? It is not
what it, costs for the rent of offices for General
Augur or what is paid for warming them. It
is because the quartermaster certifies there are
no quarters to be furnished to him, as quai-ter-
masiers do on the slightest provocation, and
he draws in cash as commutation his Si,800.
He has the right under the law to do it. It
goes for General Augur or Mrs. Augur, if there
be one, or the little Augurs or gimlets, [great
laughter;] in other words, it goes to take care
of the family.
Take the case of an officer who is sent on
recruiting duty to the village of my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge,] if it is possible
that the gentleman, with all his polish and
refinement, resides in a village.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. ' I live in a city.
Mr. SCIiENCK. No, he says he lives in a
city. Well, I will take my rural friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I live in the country.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg pardon again. Per-
haps some gentleman here lives in a village
where now and then a man may be picked
up by a recruiting officer. Now, if a recruit-
ing officer be sent there Ire draws commutation
for forage, commutation for fuel, commutation
for quarters as though he were in Washington
city, with this difference, that in villages they
cut the rent per room down to nine dollars, •
whereas in this city it is put up to eighteen dol-
lars a month, and in New Yoik to twelve dol-
lars. Nine dollars a month will get a good
room in a village. This nine dollars a room is
to be multiplied by two, three, or four, accord-
ing to the number of rooms to which the officer,
by reason of his rank, may be entitle'd.
These gentlemen are trying to raise an issue
between this bill and the committee who re-
ported it, and which I trust the House is
going to sustain, and the gentlemen stationed
here at Washington. It applies no more to
gentlemen stationed at Washington than any-
where else. All over the country, wherever a
man is stationed away from active duty with
troops in the field or elsewhere, in garrison at
a fort where fuel and quarters are provided,
ho gets his commutation for fuel and quarters
whether he happens to be in the humblest vil-
lage or the largest and most expensive city.
My friend from New York [Mr. Davis] told
me of a grievous case. J t is the case of a gen-
tleman who served in Missouri. It illustrates'
how men who sell themselvos to be the slaves
of the Government as officers in the Army are
liablelo bo ordered around. This gentleman,
serving with troops in Missouri, was suddenly,
and without application on his own part, or-
dered to Washington city. It was hard to
live here, and he could not sustain his family.
Where had ho been? In Missouri. Where
was his family? Clifton, a village in Iowa.
While serving with troops he was content to
let his little responsibilities and their mother
stay at home in Clifton, Iowa. It was undoubt-
edly a hardship to sever those family ties by
taking him away from all the endearments of
home to the companionship of rude, rough men
in the field, no longer to have his prattling chil-
dren about his knee. But he stood it. When,
however, he came to Washington he must needs
have Mrs. Officer and the little Officers with
him. It was very hard for hini to live without
them, I dare say. He could not expect to in-
dulge in luxuries without paying for them. If
he had left his family at Clifton, Iowa, how-
ever, and had come on here, he would havo
drawn, under the present system, his pay and
commutation, with which he could have sup-
ported them in luxury, if they were only sup-
ported in comfort before in Iowa. And under
the provisions of this bill he would get just as
much as he got when ho was serving in the
field, for we make no difference against him,
although wc are unwilling to make any for him.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the gentleman
whether it would not make a difference to an
oflicer with a family twelve hundred miles
away and with a family two or three hundred
miles away, where ho can occasionally visit
them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was interrupted while
the geutleman was putting his question so that
I did not hear it. He will therefore excuse
me if I do not reply.
The allowances which I have referred to
under the law are those that appear upon the
surface. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis,] if I am not mistaken, claims that there
is no difficulty in understanding what officers
are paid under the present law. I can only
say that I do not quite understand it myself,
and I have never, yet found an officer cute
enough to make out his own account. I
thought I had shrewdness enough to make
out my own, but I found-that the paymaster's
clerk gave me two or three hundred -dollars
more than I could calculate. I leaned as far
as I could toward my own interest, and made
out what I thought ought to satisfy myself, as
men generally do in matters of money, but
when the paymaster's clerk found I was enti-
tled to more and forced it on me, of course
I took it. [Laughter.] It requires all the
astuteness of a Philadelphia lawyer — and
therefore I wish my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Thayer] was on our side, [laughter]—to
find out what an officer's pay really is under
the present law.
But without going into all these changes in
the law, how much is paid by one bill and how
much by another—and my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Dumont] says the pay has doubled within
his* experience—I see there are other little per-
quisites and advantages of a legitimate and
legal character, which, now that these gentle-
men put me on the stand, I shall undertake to
testify about. As for myself I am compelled
to make the best disposition of commutation
of fuel and quarters with my family when I
come to Washington with my $3,000 a year.
I am compelled to patronize the horse cars that
run on the avenue, particularly when they give
me a free ticket, instead of keeping my own
carriage, because I have no allowance for for-
age. But when it eomes to dealing with the
fellows at the market they will not take less
than about twenty-four cents a pound for par-
ticularly choice cuts of beef. But my neighbor
in the Army over the way gets) his for about
ten or twelve cents. Why? Because under the
present law—and we do not change it in this
bill—officers are authorized to purchase com-
missary stores at cost price from the Govern-
ment without taking into account the cost of
transportation any more than the wastage, the
cost of killing, or the interest on the money
invested, or any of the other contingencies
which enter into the actual cost before the
retail butcher adds his profit on the top of the
whole.
Mr. BLAINE. I want to ask the gentleman
whether or not this bill, as it now stands, does
not continue this forage just as before.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I would ask whether
the bill as amended does not give the right to
draw commissary stores as before.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely.
Mr. BLAINE. I would ask the gentleman
whether this bill does not give officers the right
at some posts to draw fuel in the same way that
the present law does.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. That is just the way in which
I understand it, and the gentleman has modi-
fied his bill so as to give the longevity ration. It
also continues the abuse of charges on com-
missary stores, just as now. It provides also
for a continuance of the abuse in reference to
fuel; so that a man ordered to the base of the
Rocky mountains can draw his fuel at the rate
of §100 per cord. The bill also contains the
abuse in regard to forage; so that the commit-
tee has given way in regard to these four par-
ticulars.
Mr. SCHENCK. I congratulate myself, sir,
that the gentleman from Maine has come over
to my side. This bill is precisely what the law
is now; and I expect that he will vote for it.
He said that he was going to ask me a perti-
nent question. Well, sir, I have answered so
many impertinent questions that I expected
something pertinent to the subject this time;
but I can make no answer to such a question.
This bill proposes to readjust and modify the
whole system and get rid of the greatest abuses.
His argument is that wo should do nothing
at all.
Now, in regard to this matter of the purchase
