3988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
positively prohibits, or by just implication denies,
any allowance of such compensation." This was said
by the court in a case where it was an officer of the
"United States who was claiming the compensation
for services outside of his salary.
the prohibitions.
We assume, then, that there is nothing in the general
relations of a member-elect of Congress to this Gov-
ernment, nor in the general principles of the law
growing out of that relation, which would forbid Mr.
Conkling becoming the agent or attorney of the Gov-
ernment, and receiving compensation therefor; and
that if his relations to the Haddock trial were illegal
it must be owing to some express -provision of the Con-
stitution or of the law. Is there any such legal pro-
hibition? The legal provisions which have been
brought to the attention of the committee, and which
are supposed to have some bearing upon the ques-
tion of the legality of Mr. Conkling's relations to the
Haddock trial and his compensation therefor, are
the following: .
1. The Constitution (article one, section six) de-
clares that "no person holding an office under the
United States shall be a member of .either House
during his continuance in office."
2. The eighteenth section of tho act of 31st August,
1852, (1 Brightly, 821) provides that " no person here-
after who holds or shall hold any office under the
Government of the United States, whose salary or
annual compensation shall amount to the sum of
$2,500, shall receive compensation for discharging the
duty of any other office."
3. The third section of the act of 3d March, 1839,
(5 United States Statutes, 349, and 1 Brightly, 820,)
which reads as follows: "No officer in any branch
of the public service, or any other person, whose sal-
aries, or whose pay and emoluments is or arc fixed
by law or legulations, shall receive any extra allow-
ance or compensation in any form whatever for the
disbursements of public money or the performance
of any other service, unlesstlie said extra allowance
or compensation bo authorized by law."
4. The second section of the act of 23d August, 1842,
(5 United States Statutes, 510, and 1 Brightly, 820,)
which reads as follows.: "Ko officer in any branch
of the public service, or any other person, whoso sal-
ary, pay, or emoluments is or arc fixed by law or reg-
ulations, shall receive any additional pay, extra
allowance or compensation in any form whatever
for tho disbursements of public money or other ser-
vice or duty whatever, unless the same shall bo au-
thorized by law, and the appropriation therefor ex-
plicitly set forth that it is for such additional pay,
extra allowance, or compensation."
5. The twelfth section of the act of 26th August,
1812, (1 Brightly, 821, 5 United States Statutes, 525,)
which reads as follows: "No allowaneo-or compen-
sation shall be made to any clerk or other officer by
reason of the discharge of the duties which belong
to any other clerk or officer in the same or any other
Department; and no allowance or compensation
shall bo made for any extra service whatever which
any clerk or other officor may bo required to per-
form."
6. Tho first section of the act of 30th September,
1850, (1 Brightly, 821, 9 United States Statutes, 5-12,)
which reads aslollows: "The proper accounting of-
ficer of tho Treasury, or other pay officers of tho
United States, shall in no caso allow or pay to ono
individual tho salaries of two different offices on ac-
count of having performed the duties thereof at the
same time. But this prohibition shall not extend to
the superintendents of tho public buildings."
7. The first section of the act of April 21,180S, (1
Brightly, 190, and 2 United States Statutes, 481,)
which reads as follows: "No member oi Congress
shall, dircetly or indirectly, himself, or by any other
person whatsoever in trust for him, or for his use or
benefit, or on his account, undertake, execute, hold,
or enjoy, in whole or in part, any contract or agree-
ment hereafter to be made or entered into with any
officer of the United States in their behalf, or with
any person authorized to mako contracts on tho part
of the United States; and if any member of Congress
shall, directly or indirectly, himself, or by any other
person whatsoever in trust for him, or for his use or
benefit, or on his account, enter into, accept, or aereo
for or undertake or execute any such contract or
agreement, in whole or in part, every member so
offending shall, lor every such offense, upon convic-
tion thereof before any court of the United States or
the Territories thereof having cognizance of such
offense, be adjudged guilty of a hi?h misdemeanor,
and shall be lined $3,000; and every such contract or
agreement as aforesaid shall moreover be absolutely
void and of no effect."
8. The first scction of the act of Juno 11, 1864, (2
Brightly, 105, and 13 United States Statutes, 123,)
whiHi roads as follows: "No member of the Senate
or House of llepresentatives shall, after his election
and during his continuance in office, nor shall any
head of a Department, head lof a bureau, clerk, or
other officer of the Government, receive or agree to
receive any compensation whatsoever, directly or
indirectly, for any services rendered or to berendered,
after the passage of this act, to any person, either by
him-jelf or another, in relation to any proceeding,
contract, claim, controversy, charge, accusation, ar-
rest, or other matter or thing in which the United
States is a party, or directly or indirectly interested,
before any Department, court-martial, bureau, offi-
cer, or any civil, military, ornaval commission what-
ever; and anypersonoffending againstthoprovisions
of this act shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and bo punished by a fine
not exceeding ten thousand dollars, and by imprison-
ment for a terra not exceeding two years at the dis-
cretion of the court trying the same, and shall be
forever thereafter incapable of holding any office of
honor or trustor profit undcrthc Government of the
United States."
the constitutional prohibition.
These are all ofthe existing laws which have come
to the attention ofthe committee, and which are sup-
posed to contain anything bearing, either nearly or
remotely, upon the matter of this service of Mr.
CoNKLixGbeing prohibited by law. There are other
laws which bear upon other points in this inquiry,
which will be alluded to.
With these provisions ofthe Constitution and law
before us, and assuming as law that which we have
above stated from the case of Gratiot vs. The United
States, (15, Peters, 371,) we inquire whether any of
these provisions of express law do away with that
general principle as applicable to the matter before
the committee; or whether either of these provis-
ions prohibit or render illegal what was done by Mr.
Conkling in the Haddock trial, he being.a member-
elect of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
To avoid, if we can, confusion, we first considerthis
without reference to the question whether Mr. Cock-
ling should be paid, as a member of the,Thirty-
Ninth Congress, for the same time covered by his
service in the Haddock trial, and for which time it is
suggested he was paid by the fee of 83.000, and let the
inquiry be first disposed of whether it was illegal for
Mr. Conkling- to assume that service and to take
compensation therefor.
And, in disposing of this inquiry, let it first be
granted that Mr, Conkling, in what occurred in that
service, became and was-a "judge advocate," in the
strictest sense, and that he was thereby made an offi-
cer of tho United States, and was not a mere agent
and counsel ofthe Government.
In entering upon this inquiry the committee do not
forget the truth nor the supreme importance of that
principle of our Governmentwhich was pressed upon
the attention of the committee in the argument of
this case, and which received, during the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, the sanction of this House, in its
approval of the report in the cases of Robert C.
Schenck and of Francis P. Blair. The principle to
which we allude is thus stated in that report:
"Nothing is plainer in the theory and plan of this
Government than the distinct and separate organi-
zation of the executive, judicial, and legislative de-
partments, and the sedulous care with which each
has been clothed and guarded in the exercise of duties
entirely independent of thcothers. Yettheattcmpt
to invest the same person with two offices, one legis-
lative and the other executive, and require of him
at tho same time the dischaige of the duties of both,
is, whether they bo conflicting or not, a commingling
of tho duties of the executive and legislative depart-
ments. Xtis bringmgtheExccutivehimselfinto the
very llalls of Congress, and if persisted in, might
ultimately prove as pernicious as if he had a Seat
therein, and as many votes as ho had commissions.
If one Representative in Congress may at the same
time hold under the Executive tho office of major
general, so may another, and another may as well be
a brigadier general, or hold any other official posi-
tion in the military service under the Executive and
Commander-in-Chief, and bound to obey him. By
such process the House may at anytime be put under
the control and become the pliant instrument of the
Executive to any end. Its members would cease to
be the Representatives of the people, and become
only tho agents of the Executive."
The framers of the Constitution saw this so clearly,
and felt the independence of the legislative over the
executive department was so essential and vital that
they deemed the inhibition worthy of an express con-
stitutional enactment, that "no person holding any
office under the United Slates shall be a member of
either House during his continuance in office." (Art.
1, sec. vi.)
Still, in view of this important principle, the com-
mittee have not been able to see how the acceptance
and discharge of the duties of the office of judge
advocate by Mr. Conkling, the duties, tenure, and
existence of which office (if such it was in him) were
in their nature such as would most likely be, and
were in fact, wholly ended and gone before he was,
by law or the Constitution, required to qualify as a
member of Congress, or to enter upon, assume, or
discharge any duty as such, conflicted with these prin-
ciples. Upon this subject-matter the committee deem
the following two propositions to be entirely settled
in our Government: 1. "The acceptance by a mem-
ber of any office under the United States, after he
has been elected to, and has taken his seat in Con-
gress, opera tes as a forfeiture of his seat." (See Van
Ness case, CI. and Hall, 122; Schenckand Blair case,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, &c.) 2. "Continuing to exe-
cute tho duties of an oftico under the United States
after one is elected to Congress, but before he takes
his seat, is not a disqualification, such office being
resigned or extinct piior to the taking of tho seat."
(See Hammond vs. Herrick, CI. and Hall, 287; Earl's
case, id.,314; Munford's case, ibid., 316; Schenck
and Blair's case, Thirty-Eighth Congress, &c.)
The committee agree with the reasoning and con-
clusions of the report, from which we have already
quoted, that tho continuance to hold another office
after the time when the law and the Constitution
requires the member-elect to qualify and enter upon
the discharge of his duties as a member, is, in legal
contemplation, an act of election by him to vacate
his office as a member; and such continuance to hold
the other office is equivalent in its legal significance
to the act of accepting and entering upon an office
tendered after the member was qualified. Both alike
vacate the legislative office. The act, therefore, of
Mr. Conkling in accepting an office not previously
held, which from its nature would terminate before
he would be required to assume any duty as a mem-
ber, had no more nor less effect in depriving him of
his right to enter upon his office as a member of Con-
gress than the act of continuing after he was elected
to exercise the duties of an office which he had pre-
viously entered upon would have. Neither operates
to vacate his seat in this House, the first office being
such as must be and was wholly ended or abandoned
before the time comes when he is requiied to enter
upon his duties as a legislator. The act of acceptance
of such atemporary office at such a time did notin its
nature indicate any election or purpose to abandon
or resign the membership in Congress. "The object
of the constitutional prohibition upon an officer be-
coming a member of Congress is attained, so far as it
can by this provision, if the inhibition attaches the
moment the member enters upon the discharge of his
duties as such, and nothing is gained by an earlier
application of it." There was, therefore, no consti-
tutional objection to Mr. Conkling's accepting this
office of judge advocate,if he did become such officer.
prohibitory statutes.
The acts of Congress above referred to, of the dates
respectively of March 3,1839, and of the 23dand 26th
of August, 1842, are, as is said by the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, (5 Opins.,768,) "the same m
their sense and meaning;" andas to all of these acts,
including that of September 30,1850, above cited, he
says, " they do not forbid a person from holding two
compatible offices at the same time. They were in-
tended to prevent arbitrary extra allowances in each
particular case, but do not apply to distinct employ-
ments with salaries affixed to each by law or regula-
tions." (See also 6 Opins., 80 and 325.)
If the committee were left to their own construc-
tion of these statutes of 1839,1842, and 1850, we would
have attained the same conclusion to which the At-
torney Generals arrived in these opinions. But when
there is added to the forceof these andseveral other
equivalent opinions by tho Attorney Generals of this
Government, tho weight of tho fact that all these stat-
utes were in force when most of the very numerous
decisions by this House were made, determining that
there was nothing either illegal or unconstitutional
in a member of Congress elect (but not qualified)
holding an office under the United States Govern-
ment, provided he did not hold it atter the time came
when the Constitution required lum to assume his
duties as a legislator, the committee could not hesi-
tate in coming to the conclusion that neither the
Constitution nor either of these statutes alluded to
in the opinion of the Attorney General were violated
when Mr. Conkling became (if he did)special judge
advocate, and took compensation therefor. Wo say
"took compensation therefor," because in all tho
cases we have cited the member-elect, as the commit-
tee understand the history of the cases, received his
compensation for his first office during the time he
held it, but not his compensation as a member for the
same time.
the statute against jobbing.
Although not quite in propcrordcr, itmay perhaps
as well be said hero as anywhere else, that the com-
mittee do not see what the statute of April 2l, 1808,
has to do with this inquiry. That act renders it a
crimo for any member of Congress^ to "undertake,
execute, hold, or enjoy, in whole oi in part, any eon-
tract or agreement, hereafter to be made or entered
into, with any officer of the United States, in their
behalf, or with any person authorized to make con-
tracts on the part of the United States." No "con-
tract" or "agreement" has been proved in this case
between Mr. Conkling and any other person, com-
ing within what is the obvious meaning of these words
in the act of 1808. The design of that statute is what
is expressed by the Attorney General of the United
States (4 Opinions, 48) when he says, " The object of
the statute is only to prevent jobbing between mem-
bers of the Legislature and the Executive for the
primary advantage of the former.'' Surely the prac-
tice which has been general and uninterrupted, as
must be within the personal knowledge of every in-
telligent citizen, of members of Congress acting as
the attorneys of their Government, has not subjected
all such attorneys to iudmUnent aud fine of ^3,000.
No one has suggested that such is the law, and the
committee would have made no allusion to it but for
the fact that it is presented to our consideration in
the brief of Mr. Conkling.
the act prohibiting members becoming clai5i
agents, etc.
The act of June 11,1864, cited above, renders it a
high crime for any member of Congress, at any time
after his election, " to receive or agree to receive any
compensation for any services rendered to any person
in relation to any proceeding, contract, claim, con-
troversy, charge, accusation, arrest, or other matter
or thing in which the United States is a party, or in-
terested directly or indirectly, before any Department,
court-martial, bureau, officer, or any civil, military,
or naval commissioner whatever."
This statute would have been directly in point had
Mr. Conkling received compensation for being the
counsel for Haddock in this court-martial. The fact
that this recent statute, passed m full and thoroughly
intelligent view of all the important questions of law,
which your committee is required to consider, care-
fully confines its prohibitions to preventing mem-
bers-elect from taking compensation for services ren-
dered before courts-martial, &c.," to any person" and
against the Government, and does not prohibit such
compensation being paid by the Government, nor
prohibit such service being rendered in its favor; and
this, too, in the identical case before the committee,
is one of the strongest possible legislative determi-
nations of the very question we consider. Here is a
law which comes up squarelyt face to face, in front
of that exact question we consider, to wit, whether a
member-elect to Congress ought to be permitted to
receive compensation for services rendered to either
of the parties to a trial before a court-martial. And
the Congress said it should not be lawful for him to
take compensation for services rendered to one side
—"anyperson"—and now shall we be told that Con-
gress meant to declare that it was equally illegal to
