1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
be obviously unjust. Elections are regulated now
unequally in some States, particularly South Caro-
lina, with respect to Charleston, which has a repre-
sentation of thirty members."
The sages who framed the Constitution saw
that it was necessary that the Federal Govern-
ment should decido who should be electors for
those who were to administer and maintain that
Government. What had the Federal Govern-
ment to do with the Legislature of South Caro-
lina? And would not Madison's allusion to it
have been irrelevant and impertinent if the
article under discussion was not intended to
empower Congress to remedy the inequality
alluded to by fixing the qulifieations of electors
of the most numerous branch, when determin-
ing those of electors for members of Congress,
President and Vice President? lie was too
precise a thinker and too cautious in expression
to have subjected himself to such criticism.
Again on the 2-ith of January I read, in
reply to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kar-
son,] who had combattcd my position, the fol-
lowing extract from the debate in the National
Convention on the 9th of August, 1787:
" Article six, section one, was then taken up.
"Mr. Madison and Mr. Gouvkrnkuu Morris
moved to strike out' cach llouso,' and to insert 'the
House of Representatives;' the right of the Legisla-
tures to regulate the times and places, &c„ in the
election of Senatois being in\olved in tho right of
appointing them ; which was disagreed to.
"A division ot tho question being callod for, it was
taken on the fust part down to ' but their provisions
concevniii',','
"The fust part agreed to,?i<*m. con.
"Mr. PrNCKXKY and Mr. Ru rue dun moved to strike
out t he i ('mainmi? p.i i«, namely, ' but then pi o visions
ooncomhi'r (hem nny :i( any tune bo altoiod by tho
Legislature of the (Muted Slates.' The States, they
contended, could and niu^t ho relied on in such cases.
"Mr. tumiiAM. it would bo as impropor to take
this power from I he national Legislature as to restrain
tho British Parliament from regulating tho circum-
stances of elections, leaving this business to tho coun-
ties themselves.
"Mr. Mvnrsotf. The necessity of a General Gov-
ernment supposes that tho Slate Legislatures will
sometime-* tail or refuse, to oonsultthceommon inter-
est at the expense of t heir local convenienco or preju-
dices. Tho policy of referring tho appointment of
the UoiiM) of Representatives to tho people, and not
to tho Loin>l:il ures of the States, supposes that, the,
result will bo somewhat influenced by thomodo. This
view of the question seems to dceido that tho Legis-
laturen of tho States ought not to havo tho uncon-
trolled right of regulating thotimes, places, and man-
ner ol holding elections. Lt wasimpo^siblc to forcseo
all (he abuses that might bo made ol the discrotionaiy
power. Whether tho electors should voto by ballot
or tu'va should assemble at lhis place or that
place; should be divided into districts or all meet at
one pi.ice; should all veto for all tho Representatives,
or all in a district voto tor a numhor allotted to the
district; these ami many other points would depend
on tho Legislatures, mid might materially affect the
appointments. WhenevertlieStalo Legislatures had
a lavonte measure to cany, they would take enro so
to mold their lobulations as to fayor the candidates
they wished to succeed. lb-side^, tho inequality of
the representation in the Legislatures of particular
States would produce u like inequality in their rep-
resentation in the national LegiMatm e, as ii was pi e-
Kumahle that the counties having tho power in the
former case would scouro it to themselves in the latter.
"What danger could there be m giving a controlling
power to the national Legislature? Of whom was it
to consist ? First, of a Senate, to bo chosen by the
Stale Legislatures. II tho latter, therefore, could be
trusted, (heir ivpre-u nfalivcs could not be danger-
ous. Second I v, of 1'epresentativcs el cetodbv tho same
people who elect t he State Legislatures. Surely, then,
if confidence, K due to the la I lei. it must bo due to the
former. It seamed as impioper m principle, though
it might he less inconvenient in practice, to give to
the State Legislatures (ins great authouly over the
election of (lie Representatives of the people in tho
general Legislature, as it would be to give to the latter
a like power over tho election of their representa-
tives in the Slate L' s'ishume.
_ "Mr. Kixo. 1 i this power be not given to the na-
tional Leu i,-l tit re. tneir i ight ofjudging ot the returns
of then mouibeis, mav be Irnstratcd. No probability
ha-? b<«en suggested of it ■< being abused by them. „1J-
thovf/h thiv swh/'tnr of eractina the (inierul Government
<>a tkf> authority of thc S'atc Lcfu^aturcs ha* brr.ti fatal
to the I't'iUra/ f"ilttbliKhiiu>n.tt it icould accm as if niany
geniir-mon vfill fnvto' the flanijrrou* idea,
"Mr. (<ouv lrn pur Morris observed that the States
might make tcil-e returns, and then make no provis-
ion-- for new cb ctions.
"Mr. Shhrva.n did not know but it might be best
to retain the clause, though he had himself sufficient
confidence m the State Legislatuic*.
" The motion of Mr. Pinckxhy and Mr. Rutledge
did not prevail.
"The word 'respectively' was inserted after the
word 'State.'
"Oo the motion of Mr. Read, the word ' their' was
struck out, and 'regulations m such cages' inscifed
in place or ' provisions concerning them,' the clause
then reading: 4but regulations in each of tho fore-
going cases may, at any time, bo made or altered by
the Legislature of the United States.' This was meant
to give the national Legislature a power not only to
alter the provisions of the States, but to make regula-
tionsin case the States should fail or refuse altogether.
"Article six, section one, as thus amended, was
agreed to, nem.con."
An alternative was before the Convention. It
was this: the power of deciding who should
vote for members of Congress, .President and
Vice President of the United States, and with
it the power to determine who should vote for
members of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature, must either be given to the
Legislature of each State or confided to Con-
gress. Gentlemen have doubtless observed that
Madison saw this, and said:
" It seems as improper in principle, though it might
bo less inconvoniont in practice, to give to the State
Legislatuies this gieat authority over the election of
tho representatives of the people in the general Legis-
lature, as it would be to givcto thelatteralikcpowcr
over tho election of their representatives in the State
Legislature."
And Mr. King pointedly repudiated the idea
of confiding this vital power to the States, when
he said:
"Although this scheme of Greeting the General
Government on the authority of the State Legisla-
tures has been fatal to the Federal establishment, it
would seem as if many geutlcmen still loster tho
dangerous idea."
What had brought the Confederacy, then ex-
piring, to its death throe? It was the fact that
it rested upon the Legislatures of the States;
and the members of the Convention framing an
instrument which should make a u more perfect
Union," placed this vital power where it should
be, where it would be used lor the maintenance
ofthe (Jnion; and did not conlideitto the States
which had just used it for the destruction of the
Confederacy.
Sir, I wish to project upon this House no new
view. I desire to'invoke no new rules of con-
struction, but I am willing to be bound by those
which prevail in all our courts, and in the courts
of the land from which we derive our laws.
They are most briefly and explicitly expressed
by Bluekstonc, and from his pages 1 take my
rules of construction:
"The fairest and most rational methocltointerpret
the-will of tho legislator is by exploring his intentions
at tho timo when the law was made, by signs most
natural and probable, and those signs arc either tho
words, the context, tho subject-matter, the cffcetsand
consequence, or tho spirit and reason of them all."
Again:
"Thcro aro three points to bo considered in all
remedial statutes
The Constitution, adopted as it was to-cure
the defects of the Articles of Confederation,
may be regarded as a remedial statute. The
old Constitution, the Articles of Confederation,
had failed utterly to accomplish its purpose. A
new one was to bo made to remedy its defects.
" Tlioi o are tin ee points to be considered in the con-
struction of all remedial statutes—the old law, tho
mischief, and the remedy; that is, how the common
law stood at the making ol the act, what the mihclncf
wns for whioh the common law did not provide, and
what rcmedv the Parliament had provided to curc
this mischief,"
Binding myself by those rules of construc-
tion, 1 undertake to make good the doctrine
that they who framed and adopted tho Consti-
tution ofthe United States did it to remedy the
evil ot a General Government depending upon
the judgment, caprice, or prejudices of tho peo-
ple of each ofthe several States. The Confed-
eracy had crumbled from its false foundation
upward to its cap-stone, and their object was to
make a luoie perfect Union, one that would
secure the blessings of liberty to themselves
and their posterity till the last syllable of re-
corded time. Their purpose wasto escape from
chaos and to create and perpetuate order. The
Union for which they provided was to rest on
the suffrages of freemen, each the equal of
others before the law, and was to be indivisible
and indestructible.
Next, sir, let me point you to the context.
The Constitution provides that ''the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of governmentand
the section to which I am referring gives Con-
gress the power to enforce the guarantee. If
the ultimate power to regulate the suffrage for
Representatives in Congress, and members of
the most numerous branch of the body that was
to elect Senators had been left to each State to
determine for itself, Congress could not have
enforced this guaranty or prevented the estab-
lishment of aristocracies or oligarchies.
The members of that Convention had suffered
for the want of an adequate and efficient Gen-
eral Government. They had endeavored to ad-
minister the Government of the Confederation,
and had found it utterly incapable of mainten-
ance. They therefore took care to arm the
Government for which they were providing with
power to enforce every right; privilege, and im-
munity accorded to the people, and to guaranty
a republican form of government to each State.
Another duty which they laid upon the Gen-
eral Government springs' from the provision
that—
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in tho several
btates."
In this connection, on a former occasion, I
illustrated the necessity of Congress possessing
the control over the suffrage in the States to the
extent I have indicated, which does not involve
the question of electors of State, county, or mu-
nicipal officers, by pointing to a bill then and
now pending before the Legislature of ''recon-
structed" Virginia, which proposes that the
privileges of citizenship shall be accorded to
the citizen of any northern State only after a -
continuous residence of five years ; and I said
then, and repeat now, that if a State can dis-
franchise the citizens of other States who may
settle within its limits for five years, it can dis-
franchise them for ten or fifty years, or any other
term wirhin the ordinary limits of the natural
life of man. The disfranchised citizens of a
democratic republican State would not be in
the full enjoyment of -'allprivileges and immu-
nities of citizens." The framers ofthe Consti-
tution provided against such possibilities by
confiding to Congress control of the "manner
of holding elections."
The evils they sought to remedy required
precisely the power which I assert was im-
parted to Congress by the fourth section of the
first article of tho Constitution. But I am not
willing to let the question go to the country on
my assertion, or the meager array of authori-
ties I have hitherto produced. 'To prove that
tho proposed amendment will but reinvigorate
a primitive and essential power of the Constitu-
tion, I pass, sir, to an examination of the de-
bates in the several State conventions to which
the draft of tho Constitution was submitted for
ratification. They exhibit most amply tho
broad construct ion which was given to the sec-
tion to which I have referred by both the ad-
vocates and the opponents ofthe Constitution.
They, in my judgment, establish beyond ques-
tion the fact that the members of the Fed-
eral Convention, the members of each of the
State conventions, and the enlightened people
of the whole country knew that the power to
determine the question as to who should be
electors of all Federal officers was vested, by
tho express language of the Constitution, in
Congress.
Patrick Henry, in tho Virginia convention,
June 17, 1788, said:
"Congress is to have a discretionary control over
the time, place, and manner of elections. The ltep-
rescntativos are to be elected, consequently, when and
where they please. As to the time and place, gentle-
men have attempted to obviate the objection by say-
ing that the time is to happen once in two years, and
that the place is to be within a particular district or
in the respective counties. But how will they obvi-
ate tho danger of referring the manner of election to
Congress? Those illumined genii may see that this
may not endanger the rights of tho people; but in my
unenlightened understanding it appears plain and
clear that it will impair the popular weight in the
Government. Look at the Roman history. They had
two ways of voting—the one by tribes and the other
by ecnturies. By the former, numbers prevailed; in
the latter, riches preponderated. According to the
mode prescribed, Congress may tell you that they have
a right to make the vote of one gentleman go as far
as the votes of one hundred poor men. The power
over the manner admits of the moat dangerous latitude.
Then may modify it as tliey please. They may regulate
the number of votes by the quantity of property without
involving any repugnancy to the Constitution."
