1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
In the same convention, June 14, six daj^s
later—
"Mr. Mason animadverted on the control of Con-
gress over the elections; and was proceeding to prove
that it was dangerous, when he was called to order
by 31 r. Nicholas for departing from fheelause under
consideration. A desultory conversation, and Mr.
Mason was peimilted to procced. He was of opinion
that the control ovgr elections tended to destroy the
responsibility. He declared ho had endeavored to
discover whether this power was really necessary, or
what was the necessity of vesting it in the Govern-
ment; but ho could find no goodreason forgiving it.
That the reasons suggested were, were that in case
the States should refuse or neglect to make regula-
tions, or in case they should be prevented from mak-
ing regulations by rebellion or invasion, then the
General Government should interpose."
In the same convention, Mr. Madison, June
14, 17K8, said:
"With respect to the time, place, and manner of
elections, X cannot think, notwithstanding the appre-
hensions of the honorable gentleman, that there is
anydanger, or if abuse should take place, that there
is not sufficient security. If all the people of the Utii-
ted States should be directed to go to tied in one place,
the members of the Government would be execrated
for the infamous regulation. Many would go to
trample them under foot for their conduct, and they
would be succeeded by men who would remove it.
They would not dare to meet the universal hatred
and detestation of the people, and run the risk of the
certain dreadful con^equenccs. We must keep within
the compass of human probability. If^a possibility
be the cause of objection, we must object to every
government m America. But the honorable gentle-
man may say that better guards may be provided.
Let us consider the objection. The power of regu-
lating the time, place, and manner of elections must
be vested soraewheic. It could not be fixed in the
Constitution withoutinvolving greatinconvemences.
They could then have no authority to adjust the reg-
ulations to the changes of circumstances. Ike ques-
tion then is, whether it ought to be fixed unaltci ably in
the State aovernments, or subject to the control of the
General Government. Is it not obvious that the General
' Government would be destroyed without this control ?"
I turn from Virginia to Massachusetts. On
two days of January, 16 and 17,178S, the debate
ran on this question. In its progress—
"Mr. Pierce,afterreadingthefourth section, wished
to know the opinion of the gentlemen on it, as Con-
gress appeared thereby to have a power to regulate
the time, place, and manner of holding elections. In
rcspectto the manner, said Mr. Pierce, suppose the
Legislature of this State should prescribe that the
choice of the federal Representatives should beinthe
same manner as that of Governor—a majority of all
the votes in the State being necessary to make it
such—and Conere^s should deem it an improper mari-
ner, and should order that it be as practiced in sev-
eral of the southern StaLeb, where the highest num-
ber of vote«? make a choice; have they not power by
this5eetion to do so?
'* Mr. Bishop rose and observed, that by the fourth
section Congress would be enabled to control the elec-
tion of Representatives. It has been snid, says he,
that this power was given in order that refractory
States may be made to do their duty."
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Ivassox] and
other members made that response to my sug-
gestion, and I beg tlieni to observe bow Mr.
Bishop answered it to the membei's of the Mas-
sachusetts convention:
"But if so. sir, why was it not so mentioned? If
that was the intention, he aoked why the clause did
not run thus: 'The times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections for Senators and Representatives shall
vancation. \ am, says Mr. Bishop, for giving Congress
as much power to do good as possible. It has been
said, Mr. President, that the eon duct of Rhode Island
in recalling it* delegates from Congress, has demon-
strated the necessity'of such a power being lodged m
Congress. I have been informed by pcoplcbelonsing
to Rhode Island, sir, that that State never has recalled
her delegates from Congress. I do not believe it has.
And I call upon the gentleman who mentioned it to
authenticate the fact.
"lion. Mr. King rose, and assured the convention
that the State of Rhode Island did, by a solemn res-
olution, some time since, recall its delegates fiom
Congress.
" Jlon. Mr. Gorman confirmed what Mr. King had
said, and added, that during the session of the Fed-
eral Convention, when seven States only were rep-
resented in Congress, application was made by two
companies lor the purchase of lands, the sale of which
would have sunk seven or eight million dollars of
the continental debt, and the most pressing letteis
were sent on to Rhode island to send on itsdelegates,
but that State refused. The consequence was the
contract could not: then be made.
"Mr. Bishop confessed himself convinced of the
foot, lie proceeded to observe that if the States shall
refuse to do their duty, then let the power be given
to Congress to oblige them to do it. Mut if they do their
duty. Congress ovght not to have the power to control
election?. In an uncontrolled representation, saysMr.
iliahop, lie? thesecuntyof freedom. And he thought,
by t hese clauses, that that freedom was sported with.
In fact, says lie, the moment we give Congress this
power the liberties of the yeomanry of this country
are at an end. But he trusted thes^would never give
it, and he felt a consolation from the reflection."
Mr. Bishop's assault upon Congress reminds
me of certain recent utterances of a like charac-
ter. I am, however, happy in the conscious-
ness that the people understand that executive
assaults upon Congress are in derogation Ofiheir
own rights. They recognizc in the popular
branch of Congress tlieir own immediate rep-
resentatives, and will sustain it in resisting all
encroachments on their rights by whatsoever
menaces they maybe attempted to be enforced.
Mr. CHANLEK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. KELLBY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANLEH. Docsthcgentleman recog-
nize the President as the representative of the
people or not ?
Mr. KELLKY. I recognize him as the agent
to whom has been confided by an inscrutable
Providence the execution of the laws of the
country. I recognize him as the one man in
all the Union who has the least right to come,
and, under threats of popular fury, dictate
to the law-making branch what laws it shall
consider and enact. He is excluded by the
Constitution and the law from that right and
that power.
Mr. CHAjSTLER One more question. Does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania recognize the
veto power as a constitutional power or as the
exercise of arbitrary power?
Mr. KELIjEY. I recognize the veto power
as one of the executive functions which the
President may legitimately exercise ; and I
know that it is exercised under responsibility
to Congress and the people.
I return, Mr. Speaker, to the debate in the
Massachusetts convention:
" Hon. Mr* Strong followed Mr. Bishop, and
pointed out the necessity there i?< for the fourth sec-
tion. The power, says ho, to regnlatethoelcc.tionsof
our federal Representatives must be lodged some-
where. 1 know of but two bodies wherein it can be
lodged—the Legislature? of the several States and the
general Congress. If the legislative bodies of the
States, who must be supposed to know at what time,
and in what place and manner the elections can best
beheld should sonppoint them, itc-annotbesupposed
that Congress, by the power granted by this section,
will alter them: but if the Legislature of a State
should refuse to make such regulations, the conse-
ojuencc will be that the Representatives will not be
chosen and the General Go vernment will be dissolved.
In such ca>e can gentlemen t?av that a pow erto rem-
edy the evil is notneces^ary tobe lodged somewhere?
And where can it be lodged but in Congress?
" I will consider its advantage m another respect;
we know, sir, that a negligence in th c appointment of
rulesisthe characteristic of all nations It) this State,
and since the establishment of our present constitu-
tion, the fuel officers of government have been elected
by lees than onetenth part of theeleetorsin theState.
We also know that our town meetings for the choice
oi officers arc generally attended by an inconsiderable
part of the qualified voters. People attend so much
to their private interests that thev are apt to neglect
this right. Nations have lost their liberties by neg-
lecting their privileges, consequently Congress ought
to have an interposing power to awaken the people
when thus negligent. >]\ en supposing, sir. the pro-
visional clause suggested bv thcwoithy gentleman
from Norton should be added, would not Congiess
then be the judges whether the dictions in the sev-
eral State* were constitutional and proper'- If so, it
will then stand on the same giound it now does. It
appears evident that there must be a general power
to regulate sreneral elections.
" Mr. Bishop .--aid the great difficulty with him was,
that the power given by the luuith section was un-
/ fin fed, and he did not yet see that any advantage
would arise from its being so."' * : *
"Mr. Cabot. For my own part I confer that I
pri/e the fourth section as hitrhly as any in the Con-
stitution, berause I consider the dnnoeicitie branch of
the national Government—thel ranch chosen immediately
I bv the peoi>I'\ av'intended to be a-dicl' on the federal
< branch, which latter is not ah immediate reprc«enta-
j tion of the people of Ameiioa, and is not chosen by
i them, but ii a representation of the j-overeiguty <>f
i the individual States, and its members delegated by
I the several State Logi^kuuies; and it the y«tc Leqi*-
> latvre■? ore 6uff> red to rryt'h'te couf!i'*irely thr elections
of the democratic branch, xhey by such an inter-
ference. first weaken and at last destioy that check ;
then may at first diminish and at lout juialhi^ aiiiiihilate
that control of the General Gov* nimnit w!n< h the people
ovqht ahcay^ to leave throvgh th>.c' ii-inudiate repre-
sentatives. As one of the people, therefore. 1 repeat
that in my mind the fourth scetiou is tobe as highly
prized of any in the Constitution,
> " A State Legislature under the influence of their
Senators who would have their fullest confidence, or
under the influence of ambitious or popular charac-
ter^ or in times of populur commotion and when tac-
tion and spirit run high, would introduce such regu-
lations as would render th e rights of the people insecure
avid of little value. They might make an unequal and
partial division of the States into districts for the
election of Representatives, or they might even dis-
qualify one third of the electors. Without these powers
in Congres* the people can have no remedy. But the
fourth section provides a remedy, a controlling power
m a Legislature composed of feenators and Repre-
sentatives of twelve States, without the influence of
our commotions and factions, who will hear impar-
tially, and preserve and restore to the people their equal
and sacred rights of election.
" Hon. Mr. White said, we oucht to be jealous of
rulers. All the godly men wo read of have failed—
nay, he would not trust a 'flock of Moseses.' If we
give up this section, says he, there is nothing left.
Suppose the Congress should say that none should be
electors but those worth fifty or a hundred pounds ster-
ling, cannot they do it* Yes, snid he, they can, and
if any lawyer (alluding to Mr. Parsons) can beat me
out of it, 1 will give him ten guineas."
# -1: sf * w # $ tfc
" Mr. J. C. Jones said it was not right to argue the
possibility of the abuse of any measure against its adop-
tion. The power granted to Congress by the fourth
section is a necessaiy power. It will provide against
negligence and dangerous designs. The Senators and
llepresentativee of this State. Mr. President, are now
chosen by a small number of electors / and it is likely we
shall grow equally negligent of our Federal elections.
Or, sir, a State may refuse to send to Congress its Rep-
resentatives, as Rhode Island has done. Thus we see
its necessity. To say that the power may be abused
is saying what will apply to all power. The Federal
Representatives will represent the people— they will
be the people—and it is not probable they will abuse
themselves. Mr. Joncsconcluded with repeating, that
the arguments against this power could be urged
against any power whatever." * * * *
"Judge Sumner proceeded to demonstrate the ne-
cessity of the fourth section, the absurdity of thesup-
position that Congress would remove the places of
election to remotepartsof the States; combatted the
idea that Congress would, when chosen, act as badly
as possible, and concluded by asking, if a war should
take place, (and it was supposable.) if France and
Holland should send an army to collect the millions
of livrcs they have lent us in the tim e of our distresses,
and that army should be in possession of the seat of
government of any particular State, (as was the case
when Lord Cornwallis ravaged Carolina,) afld that
the State Legislature could not appoint the electors, is
not a power to provide for such elections necessary
to be lodged in the general Congress?"
"Captain Snow. It has been said, My. President,
that there is too much power delegated to Congress
by the section under consideration. I doubt it; 1
think powci the hinge on which the whole Constitu-
tion turns."
A note is appended to the report by the
reporter of that convention. Tt is as follows:
"Several other gentlemen went largely into the
debate on the fourth section, which those in favor of
it demonstrated tobe necessary: first, as it maybe
used to correct a negligence- in elections; secondly,
as it will prevent the dissolution of the (Sovernment
by designing and refractory States; thirdly, as it will
opeiate as a checlc in favoi of the p<opte aaciinst ant/
(lesions of the l*'cdrr<d Senate and their constituents,the
State Legislatures, to deprive the people oj their right of
election; and fourthly, as it provides a remedy for the
evil, should any State, by invasion or other cause,
not have it in its power to appoint a place where the
citizens thereof may meet to choose their Federal
Representatives."
I submit the following from the debates in
the New York convention, June 2<5 and 20.1788:
"Hon. Mr. Lansing did not think it right that Con-
gress should have the power of prescribing or alter-
ing the time, place, and manner of holding the elec-
tions. He apprehended that the clause might be so
construed as to deprive the State? of an essential
right which, in the true design of the Constitution,
was to be reserved to them, lie therefore wished the
clause might be explained, and proposed for the pur-
nose the following amendment:
" 'llcsolved, (as the opinion of the committee,) That
nothing in the Constitution now under consideration
shall bo construed to authorize the Congress to make
or alter any regulations in any .State respecting the
times, places, or mannerof holding clectionsfor Sen-
atois or Representatives, unless the Legislature of
such State shall neglect to mnko laws or regulations
for the purpose, or from any circumstance be inca-
pable of making the same, and then only until the
Legislature of such State shall make provision m the
premises.' , ,
"lion. Mr. Jay s;:id that as far as he understood
the ideas of the i-entlcinan he seemed to have douKs
with respect to this pjragruph, and fenred it might
be misconstrued and abused. He said that every
Gorcrnment won imperfect unless it had the poicei oj
!! ■preserving itself, Suppose that by desiern or aeci-
!! dent the States should neglect to appointLcpicsent-
!i atives: certainly there should bo some constitutional
!j remedy for this e\il. The obvious meaning of the
:! paragraph was-, that if this neclect should take place
■ j Congress should have power, by law, to support^the
1! Governmentandprcvent thedissolutiunof lue lanon.
jj lie believed this was the design of the lederal Con-
| ^ Morris suggested that so far as the people,
I distinct trow their IyeffislstuiTH, t'itc eoneerned in
I the operation of the Constitution, it was absolutely
!i neeessarj that the existence  f tue '.eneral bovem-
!' irent should not depend ler a moment on the will of
! the Staio Legislature". The i o:rc- uerjictuatma the
'< | Government owjU to belong to then- federal linircsenta-
II lives; otherwisethe nghia oj tie people would beesaen-
'' tlally abridged."'
