1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2979
of commissary stores, I say that the amend-
ment sent to me by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paine,] and which I accepted and
offered to the House in his behalf, does not
alter the present law at all; nor did the bill as
originally introduced alter it.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, yes.
Mr: SCHENCK. Oh, no, sir. The gentle-
man would not understand it. An opportunity
is still left to officers of purchasing stores for
themselves. The original bill did not interfere
with that provision; but in order to make it
perfectly clear, to "make assurance doubly
sure," 1 have put into the bill the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine.]
Mr. BLAINE. What I meant to say was,
that the very abuses upon which the gentleman
has been commenting in reference to commis-
sary and to forage are continued in his own bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I beg the gentle-
man' s pardon; I was not doing that at all; I
was referring to these matters merely as an
illustration.
But, sir, in addition to these things which
appear upon the face, and which run through
all the different grades of the Army, there are
other advantages which these oflicers have,
who are so much whined about, and which we,
so far from taking from them, as it is said, this
bill really gives them.
I say that a major general, in addition to his
pay of S3,000—and it is the same with officers
of other grades—gets an advantage in the pur-
chase ot his beef and other articles of eon-
sumption. For instance, iff want tea or coffee,
beef or Hour, I must buy it at retail prices at
the baker's or the grocer's. But officers of
the Army can get these articles at the commis-
sary stores at commissary prices. They do it
now, and they can do it under this bill.
Mr. BLAINE. The iirst section of this bill,
as originally introduced, was in these words,
■■ that from and after the tlOtli September,
instead of the pay, allowances, and emoluments
of every kind, except as hereinafter provided,
the following shall bo the yearly compensa-
tion." Now, will the gentleman pretend to
say that this is not an u emolument"' or "al-
lowance," the privilege of buying articles of
consumption at a low price? The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] admitted it, and
at, his instance the gentleman from Ohio has
reinserted that very provision in the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. If so, then I have this
advantage over mv friend from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine : j if I am convinced whether by the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] or any
one else, that I have committed an error, I
admit it. But has he ever been open to any
such conviction? No, sir, never. [Laughter.]
These are privileges ami advantages which wc
did not take away from these officers ; which
we never intended to take away from them.
But in order to remove all doubt about the
matter, wo liavo consented that an amendment
shall bo put in declaring that we do not intend
to take them away.
Mr. WOODBBIDGE. I wish to ask the
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] this
question: whether a colonel at Fortress Mon-
roe, in command of the fortress, would not
under this bill receive S3.-5O0 a year, with his
fuel and quarters ; and whether a colonel in
the same branch of the service on duty here in
Washington would not receive but §'3,000 a
year, and out of that be obliged to pay for his
fuel and forage.
Mr. SCHENCK. The pay of the colonel
would depend upon the duty lie performs. If
he should happen to be performing the duties
of a position which gave him S3,500, he would
get it. of course. If he goes, however, where
he has less responsibility; if ho is assigned
to other duty, for instance as a clerk, as many
of these colonels, and lieutenant colonels, and
majors, and captains, and even generals, too,
are serving in W ashington, he would then get
just what a member ot Congress guts, and no
more. Now. if my lricud from Vermont [Mr.
Woodbuibge] can persuade himself that he is
not superior to a second-class clerk, then I will
give up the point.
But I have been interrupted so often I am
afraid my remarks will appear very disjointed
when they appear in the Globe to-morrow. I
will now try and conclude what I have to say.
Now, we leave to these officers all these
advantages and privileges of which I have.
spoken, because we are willing they shall be
paid, and well paid. And they are well paid.
1 insist upon it that the officers of the Army
as a class get higher pay than any other class
of officers in the service of the Government.
As I have said before, I do not think officers
of the Navy, even making all .allowances for
prize money, have as much pay as they should
receive; certainly they are not paid in pro-
portion to the officers of the Army. And
what has been the consequcnce? Despair-
ing of getting an increase of their pay, they
have managed by some ingenious device of
legislation to get through Congress, some two
or three weeks ago, a bill repealing the statute
which provided that none of these allowances
should be given to officers of the Navy. And the
moment they got that through the Secretary of
the Navy added thirty-three and one third per
cent., iu lieu of these commutations, to the
salary of every officer of the Navy who might
be ordered to perform the services indicated ;
thus becoming departmental law instead of
congressional law. Now, did the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Woodbwdgk] know that
he was voting for any such measure? Did
many others here know anything about it ? Did
they know they were voting to add thirty-three
and one third per cent, to a considerable class
of the officers of the Navy through the action of
■the Secretary of the Navy ? I can only say I did
not. Something came here from the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I was agieat deal absorbed, as
members know very well, with military matters,
and I voted for it, supposing it to be all tight.
And the first knowledge I had of it was the issu-
ing of this order by the Secretary of the Navy.
Now, the object of this bill is to take the
legislation upon this matter in regard to officers
• of the Army into our own hands, and make
the law say just what they shall receive for their
compensation when performing this, that, or
the other class of duties. 'The object is to have
this matter adjusted by law. to leave no discre-
tion to the heads of bureaus or the Department,
or to others; to prevent these officers from be-
coming dependent upon these heads, and place
them in a position where they may be orciered
to this duty for one year, to another duty another
year, and thus give all a chance, and not have
one particular class of officers put in one par-
ticular place and kept at one particular class of
duties all the time, as they now are, until, like
old hulks in port, tho barnacles grow all over
them. We propose to take these oflicers out of
their snug harbors, out of these little sea-water
coves, and run them up into the interior where
the fresh water can reach them, and then by
every principle of natural philo.-ophy the bar-
nacles will fall off and they will become cleaier
and lighter for duty. I do not want a system
which will encourage men to be kept in places
until they are mosa-grown, until lichens are
formed upon their legs and backs. On the con-
trary, I would keep them stirring: I would keep
them clear and bright, ready for action when-
ever and wherever the country may need their
services, whether in camp, in the iield, iu gar-
rison, in Washington, on recruiting service, or
wherever else their services may be desired.
And in this way only will you have the most
effective Army.
Now, I am not to be charged with being an
enemy of the Army, an enemy of regular offi-
cers, an enemy of West Point, or anything else
because I am for reforming these abuses and
dispensing with a vicious system of this kind.
I hold that he is the best friend of the Army
and of the country who is in favor of correct-
ing whatever may be wrong, no matter how
long the evil has existed, nor hov.- great it has
grown ; who is in favor of getting rid of it when-
ever a fitting opportunity arises for doing so.
I hope we shall now have a vote upon this
biil.
The previous question having been seconded
and the main question ordered, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Tho question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. TAYLOR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 40, not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Dclos Pv. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Eeaman, Bergen,
Bidwell, Bingham, Brandegee, Cromwell, Buckland,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth,
Cullom, Defrees, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eekley, Et?gleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Garfield, Grinncll, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Holmes, AsahelW. Hubbard, John
II. Hubbard, JamesR. Ilubbell, Julian, Kellcy, Kelso,
Koteham, Ivuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, JlcClurg, Mer-
cur. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris. Moulton,
Myers, Orth,Patterson, Perhnm, Phelps, Pike, Price,
William II. Randall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scotield, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Sloan, Spalding. Taber, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Ward. Whaley, Williams, James I?.
Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Chanler,
Conklixig, Davis, Dawson, Driggs, Etdridge, j'iiiek,
Glossbrennyr, Glider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hogan,
Hooper, Hotehkiss, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Marvin, Melluer,
Newell, Nicholson O'Neill, Samuel J. Randall, Rit-
ter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Taylor, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Woodbridge, and
Wright—!').
J\"OT VOTIXG—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
James M. A.-Jiley,Barker, Benjamin, Blow, Broomall,
Bundv, Cook. Culver, Dailing, Dawes, Doming, Dcni-
son, Dixon, Eliot, Goodyear, Griswnld, Harris, Hill,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas llubba rd, Edwin N. Hub-
bell. Hnlbind, Jame-Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Jones, Kas^on, Lyneh, Maivton. MeCullougb, Mela
doe. MeKce. Niblack, Noel!, Paine, Plants, Pome-
roy, Radford, Alexander II. Rice, Siianklin, Smith,
Starr, Stevens, ^Iilwell, Sliouse, John L. Thomas,
Burf Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne. llenry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, and Winlicld—58.
So tho bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. NIBLACK said: On this bill I have
paired with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Stevens. If he were here he would vote
for the bill, while 1 should vote against it.
Mr. ALLISON said: I desire to state that
on this question the gentleman front Illinois,
Mr. Ixgersoll, is paired with the gentleman
from Maryland, Mr. Haisms. The gentle-
man from Illinois, if he were here, would vote
in the affirmative, while the gentleman from
Maryland would vote in the negative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. DUMONT nio\ed to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military academy APPIiOPttlATION hill.
Mr. SPALDING presented the following
report:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (II. R. No. 37) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the j ear ending
June 30,18f>7, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, anddoixcomniend,
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House ol Repie^entatives recede fiom
their disagreement to the third, fitch, and sixth
amendments, and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the second amendment ot the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: in line two of tho said amendmenl strike
out the word "ten" and insert in lieu thereof the
word "five," aud the Senate agree to the same.
W. P. FESSEXDEN,
JOHN CONXESS.
GEORGE READ RIDDLE,
Maaagti n otiir-port of Uu c.
R. P. SPALDING,
S. M. CULLOM,
Muuf'jerx oa thtpatt of the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
jj AMENDMENT OF THE CONSITITTIOX.
ij The SPEAKER. The next business in order
it is a joint resolution (H. R, No. 63) proposing
