3940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
tution contains elements so repugnant to all just or
safo prmcipleaof government. - - /
But we are referred to authorities to establish this
proposition that a member of Congress is not an of-
ficer "of" or "under" the United States; and the
leading case relied on is the impeachment of Wil-
liam Blount, a United States Senator from Tennes-
see. The case is found fully reported in Wharton's
State Trials, 250. Justice Story (1 Constitution, sec-
tion 793) says this case decides that a United Stales
Senator is not a civil officer of the United States.
This remark of the learned author is obviously an
incautious one, and not fully authorized by what
occurred in that case. The same author in the same
section expressly declares that the "reasoning by
which the decision was sustained does not appear,
the deliberations having been private." He adds
that "it was probably held that civil officers of the
United States" meant such as derived their appoint-
ment from and under the national Government,"
&e. The defenses of Mr. Blount (see page 260) were
various. His main ones wore: first, that the of-
fenses charged were cognizable in the civil courts and
not on impeachment, they not relating to his official
duties; sceond, that he had been expelled from the
Senate before the trial of the impeachment, and that
he was therefore not an officer of the United States
and not amenable to the Senate.
As to what this case does decide, AYharton (page
31*7) justly says: "In a legal pointof view, all that
this case decides is that a Senator of the United
State3 who has been expelled from his seat is not,
after such expulsion, subject to impeachment; and
perhaps from this the broader proposition may bo
drawn that none are liable to impeachment except
officers of the Government in tho technical sense,
excluding thereby members of the national Legisla-
ture."
Judge Story further says of this decision that it
was one on " which the Senate was greatly divided,"
(14 to 11,) and which "seems not to have been quite
satisfactory to the minds of some learned commenta-
tors." (4 Tuck. Black. Com. App., 57, 58; Rawle on
Const., ch. 22. pp. 213, 214, 218, 219.)
Without, therefore, designing to determine that
the case of Blount did not decide that a member of
Congress was not a civil officer of the United States
"in some technical sense," tho committee are wholly
unable to come to the conclusion that the members
of the national Congress are not, in the enlarged and
general sense of the Constitution, officers of their
Government. The committee do not believe that
any authority is to be found holding that they aro
not. It by no moans follows, because a member of
Congress may not be tried by impeachment, that ho
is not a "civil officer of the United States" in the
senso we now consider. There aro othcrclauscs and
principles of the Constitution which affect the ques-
tion or tho right to impeach a Senator besides that
single one as to who are included in thejust senso of
tho words "civil officers of tho United States." Such
is that one providing a method for tho expulsion of
members; also those as to the separate and inde-
pendent action of the two Houses touching their own
mombovs, &c. These and like considerations may
well be held to control and qualify the words of th§
Constitution as to who may bo impeached. No one
can road the singularly able and exhaustive argu-
ment in the case of Blount and not realize that the
other principles and terms of tho Constitution ought
to and did control the &enso of the words "all civil
officers of 11)c United States-," as used in this clause.
Tho committee decline to find that an acting mem-
ber of Congress is not an officer of this Government
within the sense of at least somo of the clauses of tho
Constitution. The committeo here leave this impor-
tant question made in this case. The effort of tho
committee, so fur us this single point is concerned,
has been to bring to the attention of tho House the
leading considerations which must form the basis of
its determination by tho House, should its deter-
mination bo found ncccssary. In the opinion.of tho
committee, the determination of this point is not
necessary to the right determination of all that is
before the committee, and this is not, perhaps, a
proper ease in which to make a precedent upon so
vital a constitutional question.
act op 1852 includfs acting VEJfBEES in tiie word
"office."
But suppose it be granted that the constitutional
sense oi the words "officer of tho United States," or
"offico under tho United States," be what is in-
sisted by Mr. Conkling, does it follow that thev arc
used in so limited a sense in the act of 1852? Hav-
ing regard to the mischief meant to be prevented by
it, the committee have been wholly unable to find
adequate reasons why a member of Congress who
has taken his scat should nor, be deemed an officer
"of"or "under" tho Government in such sense as
that he should not be permitted to draw the salaries
of two offices at the same time, though holding but
one. To hold that a member of Congress is as free
as other men from human infirmities, and as little
liable to fall into temptation, is, probably, aceoiding
to him as high agradcof virtue as would be accorded
to him cither by the truth or by the judgment of his
fellow-men. But if you look to the nature and pow-
ers of his office, and the absolutely vital importance
of having him removed as far as possible from the
bad influences of corruption and avarice, such as ho
would be liable to encounter, could he become enti-
tled to the pay of many offices at the same time, the
propiietyof holding that this act of 1862 meant to
preclude members of Congress from receiving double
salaries becomes quite irresistible. We therefore
conclude that whatever may be the meaning of the
words " offico under the United States," as used in
■ the Constitution, they, in the act of 1852, ought to be
held to, and do, preclude an acting member of Con-
gress from receiving compensation for the duties of
any other office.
was mr. conkling, as acting judge advocate, an
officer?
We are now brought to the question whether Mr.
Conkling, in what occurred in this prosecution of
Haddock, became an officer of the United States.
That he did not we think is most readily ascertained.
An office is a particular duty, charge, or trust, con-
ferred by public authority, and for a public purpose,
with a right usually attached to receive a fixed com-
pensation for such service. Nothing can be plainer
than that no office of this Government can be cre-
ated or conferred except by some public authority
authorized by lawto confer it. Upon this very ques-
tion Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Maurice
(2 Brock., 101,) says; "It is too clear, I think, for
controversy, that appointments to office can be made
by heads of Departments in those cases only which
Congresshasauthorizedbylaw; andlknow of no law
which authorizes the Secretary of War to make his
appointment." And in that case it was decided that
Maurice did not become an officer, and that his con-
tract with the Government, on which the suit was
brought, was good only by reason of the fact that the
United States is a Government, and as such can, at
common law, make a valid contract with its agents
as to matters of Government.
The Constitution (article two, section two, clause
two) provides that "the President shall nominate,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, shall appoint" * * * * "all officers
of the United States whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for. and which shall be
established bylaw. But the Congress may by law
vest the appointment of such inferior officers as they
think proper in tho President alone, in tho courts of
law, or in the heads of Departments." This clauso
covers every possible office under or in the Govern-
ment. Aside fromtjie President, Vice President, and
members of Congress (these being the officersincluded
under the above words, "appointment herein pro-
vided tor,") there arc butthreerepositories m which
can be placed the power to bestow any office, to wit,
the President, (tho Senate assenting,) the courts of
law, and the heads of Departments. There was in
April, 1805, no law giving to any court or any head
of any Department any power whatever to confer
upon any person any office of general or special judge
advocate as an officer of tho Government.
Tho sixth section of the act of July 17, 1862, (2
Brightly, 25.) authorizing tho President, with the as-
sent of the Senate, to appoint a judge advocate, with
rank and pay of a major of cavalry for each army;
and the sixth section of the act of June 20,186i, (2
Brightly, 2oJ authorizing the President, with assent
of Senate, to appoint a Judge Advocate General, with
rank of brigadiergeneral, and an assistant, with rank
of colonel of cavalry, are the only laws then in force,
so far as the committee find, permitting the appoint-
ment of any judge advocate as such. Counsel in their
briefshave treated the forty-ninth section of tho Arti-
cles of War of April 10,1806, (1 Brightly, 79,) as being
also in force, which the committee assume, on their
authority, it was. This last permitted the judge ad-
vocate or the general or officereoramandingthe army,
detachment, or garrison, to "depute some person to
prosecute in tlicnamo of theUnited States"military
offenses. If there are any other laws bearing upon
these appointments they have escaped the attention
of tho committee. The same section lastnamcdpro-
vides that " the judgo advocate, or person officiating
as such,*' shall take a certain oath to keep secret the
doings of the court. (1 Brightly, 86.) The twenty-
fifth section of tho act of 3d March, 1863, (2 Brightly,
2G,) authorizes the judge advocateto issue process for
witnesses. This oath and these duties Mr. Conkling
took and performed in tho Haddock trial. He hadno
other appointment or commission than that shown
by the letters of April 3 by Mr. Dana, set forth in tho
letter of General Fry to Mr, Blaine. He was not
required to, nor did he, take tho usual oath of all offi-
cers of the United States, nor did he take tho oath
required by the act of July 2, 1862. (2 Brightly, 348.)
Without taking that oath ho could not eutor upon or
take compensation lor the duties of any office what-
ever, cxccpfc the office of President. There is no law
anywhere authorizing Mr. Stanton to appoint any
one to the office of judge advocate. In the letter of
Mr. Dana above quoted, it was fcaid that " the Judgo
Advocate General will be instructed to issue to you
an appointment asspecial judge advocate for the pros-
ecution of any cases that may be brought to trial be-
fore amilitary tribunal." But even this wasnotdone.
Under this state of law and fact the committee do not
think that Mr. Conkling either did or could become
an "officer" of the United States. Under these laws
a judge advocate or a general or officer might, under
the Constitution, "depute" Mr. Conkling as agent,
but could not give him an offico, because the Consti-
tution docs notpormit these men to be authorized to
appoint to office.
" duties of any other ofptce."
Tho onlv remaining question is, whether his being
paid 63,000 for five months'service, from April 3,1865,
was such a compensation for "discharging the duties
of any other office " as to require Mr. Conkling, in
justice or legal propriety, to either pay back what
he has received for those services or else not to draw
his salary as a member of Congress for that time.
The committee submit to the House the following
propositions as conclusions at which they have arrived
as to this point:
1. When a member-elect has drawn tho salary or
pay for any other office, for any time after the 4th of
March preceding his entering upon his duties as a
member of Congress, he should not receive any com-
pensation as a member of Congress for that same
time.
2. The act of 31st August, 1852, (1 Brightly, 821,)
which is relied on as prohibiting Mr. Conkling from
receiving the SB,000, does not apply to "duties" or
services for which there was no officer provided by
law whose duty it was to discharge them, and which
duties were, in their nature and in law, such that
"some other person" than an officer might legally
discharge them, ,r _
3. The duties discharged by Mr. Conkling were
duties for the doing of which the law had not pro-
vided, nor paid any other officer, and charged such
officer, as part of his official duty at that time and
place, to enter upon and do. But, on the other hand,
they are services which, in their nature and under
existing law, (1 Brightly, 79 and 80,) some other per-
son than a judge advocate could do. The law ex-
pressly permitted some person not a judge advocate,
and "detailed by him," and "officiating as such, to
discharge them. . .
4. The law, or military regulations in pursuance ot
law, may confer upon private individuals, not offi-
cers, powers similar to those usually exercised by
officers, such as that of issuing subpenas, swearing
witnesses, &c. Such is common in regulations# touch-
ing elections, special commissions, the duties in some
of the States of attorneys, of grand jurors, and the
like. These conferments of such temporary or lim-
ited powers do not, in the sense of the Constitution
and laws of the United States, necessarily constitute
the recipients of them "officers," nor make their
duties those of "any office."
5. Mr. Conkling's services in the Haddock trial
were not "the duties of any other office," within the
meaning of the act of 1852,'and he was entitled to
compensation therefor the same as for any private
service rendered by him in his profession. His hav-
ing, therefore, received this money as the ordinary
earnings of his profession, its receiptno more requires
him to decline to draw his salary for that time than
the collection of any of his other earnings during
that time requires it.
the animus of the blaine letter.
In the month of February, A. D. 1865, General Fry
entered into an arrangement with Colonel L. C.Baker,
chief of the United States detective force, and the
firm of Allen, Riley & Hughes, then notorious bounty
brokers in the city of New York, having for its object
the arrest of bounty-jumpers and deserters who then,
as was supposed, infested the vicinity of that city.
The arrangement was first made between Colonel
Baker and Allen, Riley & Hughes, in the city of New
York, but subsequently the plan was communicated
to General Fry, and by him approved.
The plan was as follows:
Lieutenant Colonel Ilges, of thefourteenthUnited
States infantry, was to be detailed, with orders to
open an enrolling and enlisting office at Hoboken,
New Jersey. Facilities were to be given all the
known bounty-jumpers and deserters in the vicinity
to enlist and desert with impunity until the facility
for such desertion should become known to all other
bounty-jumpers in the neighborhood, which was
supposed to be a sufficient inducement to secure,
upon a day fixed, tho enrollment and' enlistment of
a large number, who were to be arrested by a detach-
ment of United States soldiers to be detailed for that
purpose.
By a general order of the War Department at that
time the head of cach board of enrollment was re-
quired to detain and hold in his hands the local
bounty allowed to each recruit, which, at this point,
was $300. The object of this was to secure theai-
rival of the recruit at the point of rendezvous, at
which time the money was to be paid to the recruit.
Messrs. Allen, Riley & Hughes were to provide all
the cash necessary for this purpose. In consideia-
tion of such advancements, and the effect the enter-
prise might have upon the subsequent business of
Allen, Riley & Hughes, all bounty-jumpers and de-
serters enlisted were credited regularly upon the
books of the office, certificates of regular enlistments
were made and signed by the proper officer of tho
board, and the same delivered to said Allen, Riley
& Hughes, who were allowed to sell them to persons
desiring substitutes, or to the authorities of towns,
cities, or counties in the vicinity; and when such cer-
tificates wcro thus sold, suoh person or corporation
were accredited therewith as though such enlistment
had been made in good faith.
On the 1st day of March, 1865, in pursuance of the
foregoing arrangements, Colonel Ilges opened an
office at Hoboken and commenced taking recruits.
On the 4th of the same month he received, through
Captain II. J. Mills, the following instructions:
Washington, D. C., March 4,1865.
Captain H. J. Mills,
Provost Marshal Fifth District New Jersey;
Until otherwise ordered, you are directed to allow
credits for such men as Lieutenant Colonel Ilges,
captain fourteenth United States infantry, certifies
to you as enlisted by him. He is recruiting at Ho-
boken. Inform Colonel Ilges of this order. This
command is special and confidential.
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
Between the 1st and 9th days of March Colonel
Ilges received and mustered in fifty-four recruits.
Of these, only throe were enlisted with the under-
standing that they were ever to enter tho service.
Theremainingfifty-onewere enlisted with the knowl-
edge that they were notorious "bounty-jumpers,"
and as soon as enlisted suffered to escape by passing
out of a back room in the office. Certificates, regu-
lar in form were, from time to time, issued by Col-
onel Ilges, on account of such enlistments and mus-
ter, and delivered to Allen, Riley, & Hughes, and by
them sold to the authorities of Jersey City, which
city received credit for the same 
