2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
on the plaintiff. What is to prevent you from
enacting that the plaintiff shall not maintain
his action unless he shows that the person did
the outrage, committed the wrong without hav-
ing the public good in his eye rather than the
gratification of his own personal malice against
the individual wronged o,r the individual com-
plaining? I suggest whether this would not be
better; would it not be safer for everybody?
Then you put the burden upon the plaintiff to
show the gravamen of his charge, because if the
person was really clothed with authority from
the United States, then the old maxim with
regard to officers that everything they do is
presumed to be rightly done would be still
preserved, and the plaintiff would have his
remedy over and above that.
If a man clothed with authority commit an
act. of this kind, I tliink it is perfectly clear
that it would be required on the part of any-
body charging him with either misfeasance or
malfeasance in office that it be shown. If on
the other hand a person not clothed with this
authority should commit these wrongs, let him
be put upon the footing of other citizens; let
him have no advantage, even though he pre-
tended that he had authority.
Then, Mr. President, there is another sug-
gestion that I have to make. Is this bill to
extend everywhere, or is it to extend oulv to
those portions of the Union where rebellion
has prevailed? Or are we to establish the prin-
ciple that when rebellion prevails in any por-
tion of the United States, that of itself operates
to create a dictatorship in the Executive? Is
the suspension of the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus to be taken to mean that the
Executive or his officers may arrest everybody,
right or wrong? If that is to be the construc-
tion put upon it, it is a new construction, and
one which has never prevailed. If when the
writ of habeas corpus is suspended I am ar-
rested and denied the privilege, I am n ot thereby
debarred of my action for redress. The officer
is still responsible, responsible not only for his
malice, but for his blunders; and it behooves
him, before he exercises this extraordinary
power put in the hands of the magistrate under
these circumstances, to know wcil upon whom
he exercises it.
I know that an impression prevails in some
places that when you suspend the privilege of
the habeas corpus, all people, innocent and
guilty, without any difference or distinction,
may be arrested and may be held until the
supposed danger is over, without any remedy
on the part of those innocently arrested. Mr.
President, I take it, that is not the law, and if
it were the law, no republic could long exist,
because it is well known that the Chief Magis-
trate, the Executive of the nation, is the proper
judge of the time and of the circumstances
when it becomes necessary for him to exercise
this extraordinary power, and I have only to
refer to the cases of some South American
republics where this very principle was made
fatal and destructive to republican institutions
altogether. If you give the Chief Magistrate
of the Union the right to decide when the con-
tingency happens, and upon whom he shall
exercise this extraordinary power, then free
institutions are at an end, then a rebellion,
which of itself is not dangerous, will be a pre-
text of a very great danger to you, sir.
_ Mr. President, I would be glad to see this
bill so well considered as that no innocent man
should be deprived of his remedy, and I would
be glad to have it so well considered, too, that
no officer or other person in the service of the
United States, honestly in the discharge of his
duty, should be liable to be harassed in the
State courts and mulcted in damages for an
honest and fair performance of his duty, and in
my judgment that can be only attained by the
rule wliieh I have laid down. Put the plaint-
iff to make out his case; put the plaintiff to
show that the defendant acted without orders,
if you please: put the plaintiff to show that the
defendant, if lie had orders, executed them in
a wanton, malicious, and injurious, and if you
please unnecessary manner as it regards him;
put tlie plaintiff to show that with' or without
orders the act of the defendant was not justified
either by the municipal law or by the laws of
war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that not all there is
here? Would not any officer be liable still,
notwithstanding this bill, for an excess of au-
thority just as a sheriff or anybody else would?
This is only a protection for a man who does
an act under and by virtue of an order. That
is the extent of this bill; it goes so far and no
further. For acts wantonly and maliciously
done this bill would not protect him.
Mr. COWAN. Then, Mr. President, the
bill is much more limited in its terms and the
construction which the honorable chairman of
the Judiciary Committee would put upon it
than I have supposed.
Mr. THUMB DLL. I submit to the Senator
to read it himself, and I ask him as a lawyer
whether he would put any other construction
upon it. It professes to protect persons for
acts done '■ under and by virtue of any order,
written or verbal, general or special," issued
by proper officers. Now, I ask him as a law-
yer and as a Senator if he would hold that
that protected a man for doing anything he
might do. whether the order covered it or not.
I apprehend no court would give it such a con-
struction. and I submit to the candor of the
Senator himself if in arguing it it is fair to
assume that it is obnoxious to the objection
that he makes.
Mr. COWAN. I perhaps might agree that
if the order was specific and to be strictly con-
strued, then there would be no mischief here,
but if so there would be no remedy here. If
yon propose only to protect the officer or the
soldier where he can cover himself with a lit-
eral order to do the act that he has done, then
I am free to say that your act of oblivion will
go for nothing. Large allowance must be made
in the construction of these orders. . The order
is to do a particular thing. Well, as to that par-
ticular thing, nobody will) be complained of.
The order is to take the Senate Chamber: but
the order will not warrant the slaughter of the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire after
he has surrendered. But is not the intention
of this bill to cover that by the u order?"' Is
it not intended to say that when the Senate is
taken and when the soldiery are excited and
when blood is hot. this is under the order? If
it is not. what is it? My objection to it is that
it reverses the usual order. For an outrage
done to the Senator from New Hampshire under
circumstances of that kind, I would require
him to show that the outrage committed upon
him was wanton and malicious and unneces-
sary in the execution of the order. Is not that
the usual course of courts? The plaintiff must
make out his ease; the burden of it rests on
him, and he is required to make it out, and to
make out a complete case, even if the defend-
ant himself be not present and defending.
Clearly that is the case where men sue for torts.
The prisoner in criminal prosecutions was not
allowed to make any defense in ancient times,
and why? Because the King was bound to make
out a case of guilt to the exclusion of every
other hypothesis, or in other words to render
unnecessary or impossible any defense.
I think that is a clear, distinct, and plain
principle of the law, and I think it would afford
a far better protection to United States officers
than simply to declare that they shall not be
liable for certain acts done.
And, Mr. President, apart from this bill is
not the law so at any rate? Is itnotthe law of
the country to-day that whoever complains of
the act of an officer of the United States must
show either that he had no authority, or that
he transcended his authority, or that the act
that he did was not warranted by any law, mu-
nicipal or international? Is not that the law
to-day? What is this bill for? Is not the very
object of this bill to relieve against the law?
Is it not to cover, shield, and protect men who
have violated the law? Is it not for the pur-
pose of enabling a man to go into court who
has no lawful defense, and to make one? Then
the question arises, how is that best to be done ?
Is the defendant to make the defense, or is the
plaintiff to make the case? If the plaintiff
sues the officer in a particular character, if he
alleges that the wrong was done under color
of some special authority, is he not either to
show that that authority itself is unlawful or
that the defendant transcended it while he pre-
tended to be acting under it? I say it is a mat-
ter of grave consideration for us, and that we
ought not iu this especial juncture to be hasty
about this ; that wo conceive of some plan by
which the offiecr or the soldier as well as the
citizen may be protected.
Mr. President, I am very certain that outside
of the defined limits of the 'rebellion, as we
defined them, that which T have stated is the
law of the land. Within the limits of the
rebellion and where martial law might be law-
fully declared, I am not so certain. Martial
law, as I understand it, is the will of the com-
mander, in the absence of any other law. Mar-
tial law exists in the paramount necessity of
the case; or in other words, it is that ease
where the commander is obliged to administer
what in oae sense may be said to be martial
law, but in another is simply his own will, be-
cause there is no law and no other means of
administering any other law in the premises.
It arises where leges silent inter arma. Where
the courts arc open, where the laws may be
administered, the will of the commander can-
not be substituted in the room and stead of that
law, and his machinery for the execution of
his arbitrary will can in no case supersede the
proper tribunals of the country. To allow that
for an instant is to allow that we are the vic-
tims of a tyranny against which the world has
struggled during the historic era. There is not
a pase of our history—I mean the history of
Englishmen and the history of Americans—
that is not pregnant with lessons for our in-
struction upon this very point.
The law, as I said before, is supreme ; the
will of the whole people embodied in the Con-
stitution or the statutes is what we obey. Who
obeys any other sovereign? Do you, sir? Do
I ? Is any Senator here willing to take the
will of one man, or a dozen men, and put it
in the place of the American people, and dig-
nity it with the name of law of any kind? If
so. such man or such a Senator is unworthy
of a place upon this floor and is unworthy of
the name of American citizen. This is a Gov-
ernment of law, and not of men, and therein
is its great characteristic ; and it is prescribed
law, published law, law that men may read and
know, law the penalties of which cannot be
incurred while it is locked up in the brain, of a
tyrant, or when it is posted upon the top of
high posts where the people cannot read it, as
Caligula prescribed his laws.
Then, 1 say, where the law is in force.where
the will of the American people is the rule of
men's action, where the American people by
their Congress have not displaced that law and
subjected themselves to the will of a military
commander, there this bill can have no place.
At the same time, sir, as I said before, where
they have declared the inhabitants of a certain
definite, limited, bounded district in rebellion,
and where that district is under the arbitrary
will of the commander, which is martial law,
there, and there only, is an act of oblivion or
indemnity such as this is at all to be entertained
for one moment. That changes the presump-
tions; that is all. When a district was declared
by Congress to be in a state of rebellion, and
our officers were sent there to suppress that
rebellion, the presumption is in their favorthat
they did that which was right and proper to
suppress the rebellion; if they did not, it is for
the plaintiff who undertakes to arraign them at
the bar of the civil tribunal after the suppres-"
sion of the rebellion to slnjvv it.
But it is not for this Congress, nor for any
other Congress, to declare by one sweeping act
that nothing done in the suppression of the
