1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2981
fifth section of the act of Congress approved
February 21, 1823, entitled 'An act to revive
and continue in force certain acts for the ad-
justment of certain land claims in the Terri-
tory of Michigan.' "
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
SLOOP-OF-WAR IDAHO.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of joint resolu-
tion No. 99.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 09) for the relief of
Paul S. Forbes, under his contract from the
Navy Department for building and furnishing
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho, was read
the second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Navy, as in
his judgment he deems best, cither to accept
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho of the con-
tractor, PaulS. Forbes, at the contract price of
$000,000, or to transfer the vessel to the con-
tractor, on the latter giving bond, with good
and sufficient security, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Navy, to refund to the De-
partment, within six months from the date of
sucli transfer, all advances of money made by
the Government to him on account of the con-
struction and equipment of the vessel.
Mr. RAMSEY. This case was considered
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and they
came unanimously to the conclusion embodied
in the resolution, and have made a report in
the case, which, if read, will give as clear an
account of the whole matter as I can possibly
glThe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs on this question is asked for, and it
will lie read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Ramsey on the olst of May :
The Committee of Naval Affairs of the Senate, to
whom was referred the petition of Paul S. Forbes,
praying for relief under his contract with the Navy
Department. to build and furnish the sloop-of-war
Idaho, have had the same under consideration, and
submit the following report:
The papers in this ease show that oil the 22d day
of May, 1863, Paul S. Forbes entered into contract
with the Navy Department, to build a, steam screw
sloop-of-war, and to deliver her to the Government
fully completed within a period of nine months from
the date of contract, which vessel he aNo guarantied
should have a capacity of speed equal to fifteenknots
an hour. The contract price for the vessel was the
sum of $600,000.
It appears that instead of the vessel being deliv-
ered to the Government in ninomonthsfrointhodale
of contract, she is not vet, completely finished. And
it fuither appears that the vessel fails al-o in the re-
quisite of speed, and i^iot capable of making the
fifteen knots an hour lequired by the terms of the
conti act.
'flie vv Department admits, and yourcommittee
fully believe, that r. Forbes was actuated bv pa-
triotic motives in entering into thi;> contract, lie is
a merchant and ship-owner, and has had a. 1 :i rr<"
number of steamers built for the merchant marine,
and with marked success At a. time when the exi-
gencies of the countiy demanded a largo increase of
the Navy, and when every effort in that direction was
an effort for the public good, Mr. Forbes, fully believ-
ing that ho would thereby do the country a service,
came iorward with liis proposition to build the afore-
said vessel. lie did not expect to make any money
thereby, but he behoved that he could, with his ex-
perience and eneigy.fiuni^h the Navy with a^upei ior
vessel in a brief period, and thus assist the country
materially in the conflict, with hp-foes. The Secre-
tary ot the Navy, in a communication to the commit-
tee upon this subject, says upon this point, "That
Mr. Forbes did .'not engage in this work from mer-
cenary or pecuniary motives, I have ill way.-, be-
lieved." ' *' ' " Tie peisuadcd himself,
or was persuaded by others, that be could. 111 a brief
time, build a vessel possessing superior qualities to
any which the Navy Department could build."
Your committee arc informed, and believe, that
the vessel in question ha.-,cojt Mr. Forbes some three
hundred thousand dollars above the contract pricc,
or some nine hundred thousand dollars in all. They
are aUo informed thai. with the exception of the
engine, the vessel is well built, and that, she is fully
worth to the Government, notwithstanding the defi-
ciencies of her cngnics, the amountof the contract
pricc. Your committee, therefore, in view of this
fact, and in consideration of the patriotic motives
which prompted Air. Forbes to enter into the con-
tract, and also in consideration of the fact that the
Government is enabled to profit by tile knowledge
and experience derived fioinsueh experiments, feel
warranted in recommending, as tlicy do, that Mr.
Forbes be released from his contract fortheconstruc-
tion and furnishing of the steam screw sloop-of-war
Idaho, and that the Navy Department be anthonzcd
to purchase the vessel, when completed, at a cost not
exceeding the contract price. Or if, in the judgment
of the Secretary of the Navy, the interests of the Gov-
ernment may be the better subserved, he is empow-
ered to transfer to the said Paul 8. Forbes the said
vessel, when the said Forbes shall give good and suf-
ficient guarantee that he will refund to the Govern-
ment, within six months from the date of said trans-
fer, all moneys advanced by the Government to him
on his contract for the building and furnishing of
the said vessel. Your connni tec, therefore, report
the accompanying joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire of
the Senator who reports this resolution whether
there is any objection to striking out the alter-
native proposition which authorizes the Gov-
ernment to purchase this naval vessel at
ยง000,000, so as to provide simply that the Gov-
ernment may tran-fer all its claims to the vessel
and release Mr. Forbes from his contract 011
his giving bond and security to refund the
money that has been advanced by the Govern-
ment. I presume we have 110 use for this vessel
now, and it is just paying out ยง000,000 to a
patriotic citizen, as it seems, for a vessel that
we do not need. If lie can make any use of
her, and is willing to accept that alternative,
and the Government can get back the funds it
has advanced after waiting six months for them
and allowing him the use of them in the mean
lime, perhaps that will be satisfactory to him
and save the Government $1)00,000 for a vessel
which of course we do not need now. Wo
hove more vessels-of-war now than we have
any use for in time of peace, I suppose.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Illi-
nois carefully reads the resolution he will find
that it is entirely in the option of the Secretary
of the Navy whether to take this vessel, the
hull being said to be worth the money, or to
turn her over to Mr. Forbes on his returning
to the Government the money advanced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we any use for
the vessel?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know. That is
left to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Navy. It may be possible that for this par-
ticular vessel he may have use, but surely lie
will not take her unless she is required for the
public service. There is nothing obligatory
on him in this resolution. It is at his discre-
tion. If the Navy Derailment does not want
the hull of this vessel, which is very good and
w;orlh the money, of course the Secretary will
let Paul Forbes take her 011 his giving security
to return to the Government the money already-
advanced. I think the resolution, in its pres-
ent shape, is in 110 way objectionable.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to aslc the member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs in charge
of this resolution, the Senator from Minne-
sota, whether, when this matter was considered
bv the Naval Committee, they consulted the
Navy Department, and if so, what the conclu-
sions of that Department were. This vessel,
J think, was built under a special contract,
the object of which was to introduce a new
system of engineering applicable to the ma-
chinery of steam vessels, which is found, 1
believe, not to bewhalit was claimed it would be.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee 011 Naval ,
Affairs were informed that. Paul Forbes was :
willing to take the vessel off the hands of the j
Government, and return to the Government all j
the money that had been advanced, some three i
hundred thousand dollars. I think that is about !
all that is substantially provided for in the res-
olution. There is no necessity 011 the pait of 1
the Secretary of the Navy to accept this vessel I
unless it is eutiieiy agi ecable to Jo so. If he
does not want her, if the vessel is of no use to
the Government, of course he will not accept
her.
j Mr. CONNESS. I asked the honorable Sen-
j ator for certain information. Tf he is in pos-
! session of it, 1' should like to have it; if not.
of course we cannot expect it. That was as
to the views of the Navy Department upon
this transaction.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not aware that the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs have solicited the opin-
ion of the Navy Department as to whether such
a resolution as this should'pass Congress or
not, and I do not know that it is necessary that
we should do it. The question before that, com-
mittee was, what is due to the Government and
what is due to Mr. Forbes, standing in the re-
lation that he docs to the Government? And
we thought that the committee and Congress
could decide that as well as the Secretary of
the Navy; and I think the Secretary of the
Navy would concur with us in that opinion.
The history of this ship is somewhat instruct-
ive. It will be remembered that at the com-
mencement of the war we had no fast steam-
ships. All the steam vessels of the Navy had
auxiliary steam power, only to be used under
emergencies, and the average rate of speed of
the fastest of the vessels at that time was about
eight knots. A clamor was at once raised
(ill consequence of the attempts to run the
blockade established on our coast) against the
Navy Department, assigning as a reason that
the Navy Department had been exceedingly
derelict in its duty of securing to the Govern-
ment fast steamships. Among the persons
who were most clamorous against the Govern-
ment was a gentleman in New York by the
name of Diclcerson who was connected with
several patents, among which was Sickles's
eut-off, and who, although a lawyer, professed
to be, and to some extent is, well acquainted
with the theory of steam-engines, lie had
connected his cut-off with some paddle-wheel
steamers belonging to the house of Russell &
Co., in China, to run upon the Chinese waters,
of which house Paul S. Forbes is one of the
members, and is the active agent for them in
this country, I believe. Mr. Forbes was in-
duced, upon the representations of Mr. Dick-
erson, to believe that he could construct a
vessel that would exceed in speed any vessel
belonging to the Navy or that could be built
by the Navy; and at a time when there was
a great deal of excitement on the subject he.
came to the Navy Department aud proposed
to build a vessel of certain dimensions that
should diaw a certain amount of water, I do
not now remember how much, and carry a cer-
tain amount of armament, and should steam
at the rate of fifteen knots an hour. lie en-
tered into that contract. lie was to receive
for this $000,000, which was to be paid 111
installments. Of that amount $550,000 has
already been paid.
The hull of this vessel is a most excellent
one, as I understand, "and as the committee are
informed. It was planned by Steers, of New
York. When this question was before the
Senate at the last session upon the point
whether or not we would make an advance to
Mr. Forbes exceeding the amount, that was
allowed to be advanced by the Secretary of the
Navv according to the stipulations of the con-
tract. we were informed at the Navj' Depart-
ment that the hull of the vessel and the engine if
taken out aud used as old iron would be equal
in value to the amount that we would advance
by that bill; that is to say, $550,000. The ves-
sel has been completed and has had two trial
trips, and instead of making the speed that
Mr. Forbes contracted for and which lie antici-
pated, as did his engineer, Mr. Dickcrson. and
instead of beating the Navy Department ves-
sels, it is only claimed by her friends that she
makes somewhere in the neighborhood of nine
knots an hour. The engineers of the Navy
Department proper say that she does not make
that much speed, but I believe it is not claimed
that she does make more than that. Now, it
is proposed that the Government take the ves-
sel at ยง000.000. and the committee were unan-
imously of opinion that that was a fair propo-
sition to Mr. Forbes and to the Government.
It is my conviction, and such was the opinion
of the committee, and I am satisfied that is the
opinion aUo of the Navy Department, that the
