1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
premises: Provided, That Congress may prescribe the
time for the election of Representatives."
The following is the amendment proposed
by the convention of Hhode Island:
"That Congress shall not alter, modify, or inter-
fere in the times, places, or manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives, or either of
them, except when the Legislature of any State shall
neglect, refuse, or be disabled by rebellion or inva-
sion, to prescribe the same, or in case when the pro-
vision made by the State is so imperfect that no con-
sequent election is had, and then only until the
Legislature of such State shall make provision m the
premises."
And the convention of South Carolina ap-
pended to the act of ratification the following
declaration:
"And whereas it is essential to the preservation of
tlio rights reserved to the several States, and the
freedom of the. people under the operation of a Gen-
eral Government, that the right^ of prescribing the
manner, lime, and plaecs of holding the elections to
the Federal Legislature should be forever insepara-
bly annexed to the sovereignty of the several States;
this Convention doth declare that the sn.me ought to
remain lo all posterity a perpetual and fundamental
right in the loeal, exclusive of the interference of the
General Government, except in eases whore the Le-
gislatures of (he States shall refuse or neglect to per-
form and fulfill the same, according to the tenor of
the said Constitution." * ^ ^ **
"Resolved, That it bo a standing instruction to all
such delegates as may hereafter he elected to repre-
sent this State in the General Government to exert
their utmost abili tics and influence to effect an altera-
tion of the Constitution conformably to the aforegoing
resolutions."
That the Representatives of South Carolina
in the First Congress most faithfully obej',ed
these instructions to fix the germ of decay in
the Constitution, I will show directly.
By the propositions of amendment submitted
by the ratifying conventions of five States the
attention of the First Congress was distinctly
drawn to the question of the propriety of amend-
ing tlie Constitution in the particular named.
The action of that Congress on this subject is
therefore of the greatest significance, and well
worthy of review.
On "June 8,1789, James Madison, who, it
will lie remembered, had borne the foremost
part, in both the Federal Convention and that
of Virginia, as a member of Congress from
Virginia proposed, in the national House of
Representatives, nine amendments to the Con-
stitution. Was there among them one to limit
the powers of Congress as suggested by the
resolutions appended^}'those States to their
acts of ratification ? Let us see. Madison s re-
remarks. in presenting and explaining the.^e
propositions, will be found in the Annals of
Congress, First Congress, volume one, pages
440, 448-450.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman's time will be extended.
Mr. K15LLEY. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hale] to yield, and I hope
the House will grant me the indulgence of
extending my time. It is the fir-4 time since I
'became a member of the House that I have op-
pealed to the House to grant me such a favor.
Mi. HALE. If the gentleman's argument
touched the question before the House, or if it
is likely to touch it, I will yield ; but if it does
not 1 most- respectfully decline to do so.
Mr. KE LLK Y. I have thus far been engaged
in presenting the evidence from which my ar-
gument is to be deduced, and I supposed I was
laying broad premises to enable me to bring a
very cogent argument to bear upon the, ques-
tion before the House. I have, not without
some labor, quarried out matter, S portion of
■which I have given to the House, and I think
it will enable me to touch with some potency
the question before the House, a question which
is to go before the people, if we pass the amend-
ment, and the facts 1 am presenting ought to
bo considered by the people. As I am speak-
ing without brief or notes except copies of the
extracts t am presenting, I appeal to the court-
esv of the gentleman.
'Mr. HALL. I will yield to the gentleman
ten or fifteen minutes if that is likely to bring
the subject before the House.
Mr. KELLliY. Will not the House allow
me to go oil ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot, unless the gen-
tleman from New York yields the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I again ask the courtesy of
the gentleman.
Mr. HALE. Ifthegentlemanwillgetthrough
in fifteen minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot promise t6 close
in fifteen minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
make the motion that the gentleman be allowed
to go on for half an hour, and that it shall not
coxne out of the time of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hale.]
No objection being made, the extension of
time was granted.
Mr. KELLEY. Most of the proposed amend-
ments were subsequently incorporated in some
shape into the Constitution. They were mainly
designed to guaranty to the people the right of
petition, freedom of the press, trial by jury, &e.
No one of them, however, proposed or intimated
any change in that section which declares the
congressional right of control over the elections
of national Representatives. During the de-
bate which occurred when these propositions
were presented, Mr. Vining, of Delaware, said,
(as appears by the report on page 467 of the
Annals:)
"There were many things mentioned by some of
the State conventions which he would never agree
to on any conditions whatever; they changed the
of the Government and were therefore ohno.r-
wusto 'ity frienih. The honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia had not touched uponanv of them ; he was glad
of it beeauso he could by no means bear the idea of
an alteration respecting them. he referred to the mode
of obtaining direct luxes, Judging of elections," A'e.
On the 21st of July, Mr. Madison's proposed
amendments were referred to a select commit-
tee of one member from each State, of which
Mr. Vining was chairman.
On the ^8th of J uly that gentleman, as chair-
man of the committee, submitted a report, em-
bracing ten proposed amendments, which were
subsequently eonsideicd in Committee of the
Whole, and some amendments thereto adopted.
The debate on these propositions, in the report
of which the propositions themselves will be
found incidentally stated, extends from page
720 to 7S'J of the volume already cited. No
one of them, however, proposed to limit the
power of Congress with respect to elections for
Representatives.
But when the propositions of the committee
had been considered and reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole, August 18, 1789—
" Mr. Tcckbk, of South Carolina, moved that the
following oi'oi'osiiioiis ot ameiunncnts to the Consti-
tution ot the Uniied sMatc- lie referred to a Committee
of the \YiioIc llou&e, to wit. '
Among the propositions then submitted were
the following:
"Section four, clausc one, strike out the words,
'but the C\>ni,re.-s may at anv time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Scnatois.'
"Section litlh, clause one, amend the first part to
read tlm.-,: 'tOadi St.ite shall be the .iudpe, iieeouling
to its onn laws, ot the election of its S'oiatois and
Representative;* to sit in Congress and shall Umush
them v\i!h - -i i': ■! ■ ci edt n! ■ iJ. but each 1-Iouseshall
iud,Te ot the <i'v\hric:iturns ol its own members: a ma-
jority ot each Hou-e shall i oii-titine ,tc.'' —j'wh 7SH).
"Go tlio question, Shall tb'1 tab! tooooMtion* cf
amendmnit- be reterred to the eou-idei ation of a
Committee of the V,7hole House? it was determined
in the neged.vr"—Page 7''J.
Thus failed the first effort of South Carolina
to strike down the ultimate pow<*r of Congress
over the elections of its own members by giving
effect to the doctrine that the States had rights
paramount to the General Government. ^Lut
the champions of State rights had other efforts
to make, and a sain attempted to restrict, that
which they conld not destroy, the power of
Congress m this respect.
Al'ew days later, on the 21 st of August, the
constitutional amendments being again under
consideration, Mr. Lurke, of South Carolina,
who I may remark in passing had voted in the
South Carolina com ention against the ratifica-
tion of the Constitution, said:
"I move you, sir. to add to the articles of amend-
tnent the following : .
'•'Oonsm-s shall not alter, modify. or interfere in
the times, places, or manner oi holding elections ol
Senators or Hepiesentalives, cx.ct.pl when any State
shall refuse, or neglcct, or be unable, by invasion or
rebellion, to make such election/
" Mr. Ames said he 4 thought this one of the most
justifiable of all the powers of Congress; it was essen-
tial to a body representing the whole community that
they should have power to regulate their own elec-
tions in order to secure a representation from every
part, and prevent any improper regulations, calcu-
lated to answer party purposes only. It is a sole-
cism in politics to let others judge for them, and is
a departure from the principles upon which the Con-
stitution was founded." * * * * * , '
"Mr. Madison. Ifthis amendment had been pro-
posed at any time, either in Committee of the Whole
or separately in the House, I should not have ob-
jected to the discussion of it. But I cannot agree to
delay the amendments now agreed upon, by entering
into the consideration of propositions not likely to
obtain the consent of either two thirds ot this House
or three fourths of the State Legislatures. I have
considered this subject with some degreeof attention,
and, upon the whole, am inclined to think the Consti-
tution stand# very well as it is." * * * *
"Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, said he hoped it
would bo agreed to; that eight States had expressed
their desires on this head, and all of them wished the
General Government to relinquish their control over the
elections. The eight States he alluded to were New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylva-
nia, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and South
Carolina.
" Mr. Carroll deni ed that Maryland had expressed
the desire attributed to her.
"Mr. Fitzsimons. The remark was not just as it
respected Pennsylvania." # *
"Mr*. Sedgwick, of Massachusetts, moved to amend
the motion by giving the power to Congress to alter
the times, manner, and places of holding elections,
provided the States madeimproperones; foras much
injury might result to the Union Irom improper re-
gulations as from a neglcct or a refusal to make any.
It is as much fo ho apprehended that the States may
abuse their powers as that the United States may
make an improper use of theirs.
" Mr. Ames paid that inadequate regulations were
equally injurious as having none, and that such an
amendment as was now proposed would alter tho
Constitution. It would vest the supreme authority
in places where it was never contemplated.
"Mr. Sherman observed, that the Convention were
very unanimous in pushing this clause; that it teas an
important provision, and \f it was resigned it would tend
to wlwrt the Government.
"Mr. Madison was willing to make every amend-
ment that was required by the States which did not
tnul t<> destrou the principles and the ejlicnay of the Con-
stitution ; he conceived that the proposed amendment
would have that tendency; he was therefore opposed
to it." * ' * * * * *
"Mr. Titckfr objected to Mr. Sedgwick's motion of
amendment, because it had a tendency to defeat the
object of the pioposition brought forward by his col-
league, [Mr. Burke.] The General Government would
be the judge of inadequate or improper j emulations;
of consequence they might interfere in any or e\ ciy
law which the Stat-s might pa«s on that subject.
" Ife iciihed that (he Stale Legislatures might be left to
themselves to pa form everi/thina they were competent to
wilhout theuutdaocvof Co.wrchsS* •( * * *
"Mr. Goodhue hoped the amendmentneverwould
obtain.'M ■>>•.*. "llalhcr than this
amendment should take effect he would \ote against
all that had been agreed to. IIi<t greatest apprehensions
were that rhe State governments would oppose multfavarl
the ttc.nt.rnl one to well a deurce as finally to overturn if.
Now, to guard against this evil, he wished the Federal
Government to possess every power necessary to its
existence.
*• Mr. Burke. I believe that many of those gentle-
men who agieed to the ratification without amend-
ments did it from pimciples of patriotism, but they
knew at the same time that they parted with their
liberties; yet they had such reLiance on Iboviitueof
a future Congress that they did not hesitate, expect-
ing that thev would be restored to them unimpaired
ossoon as the Government commencedits operations
conformably *0 >vh:\l was mutually understood at the
sealing and'dcliverincr up of those instruments.
"it h«i< been supposed that there is 110 danger to
be apprehended lmm the General Gorornmenlof an
invasion of the rights of election. I will remind gen-
tlemen of an instance in the Government of Holland.
The patiiots in thai country fought no less strenu-
ously for that prize than the people of America; yet
by giving to the States general powers, not unlike
those m this Constitution, their right of representa-
tion was abolished. That they once possessed it is
certain, and that they made as much t;.lk about its
importance as we do ; but now the right has ceased,
all vacancies are filled by the men in power. It is
our dm v. theiefore, to pre\ cut our liberties from Do-
ing fooled away in a similar manner.
"Mr. M \dison observed that it was the State gov-
ernments in the seven united provinces wlucn nad
assumed to themselves the powerotfilhn? vacancies,
and not the General Government; therefore the gen-
tleman's application did not hold.
" The Mueiion on Mr. Sedgwick's motion for am end-
ing Mr. Burke's proposition was put aud lost. J ages
797, 802.
A vote was then taken by vcas and nays on
Mr. Burke's motion, and resulted-—yeas 23,
navs 2y. (Page K02.) .
Among the members who voted on this ques-
tion we find seven who had been members of
the Convention that framed the Constitution.
Only one of them, Mr. El'oridge Gerry, voted
for Mr. Burke's proposition; while six, Messrs.
