3942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
It was charged against General Fry, by Mr. Conk- 1
ling, that the motives of the former in his action in
regard to The Utica district were to be found in his
relations with Major John A. Haddock, who was en-
gaged in fiaudulent practices at Blmira. from which
it suited the policy of General Fry to divert public
attention by the prosecution of the alleged frauds at
Utica. It appeared from the evidence before your
committee that,some time prior to the transactions
at Hoboken referred to, Major John A. Haddock, act-
ins assistant provost marshal for the western district
of New York, had been suspected of the most flagrant
and corrupt violations of official duty. Detailed re-
ports of specific acts of official dishonesty committed
by him had been made to General Fry in writing on
several occasions. One by Edward Meloy, dated Feb-
ruary 3.1865, and another by Peter A. La Prance,
dated February 28,1865. Two of the alleged accom-
plices of Haddock in the fraudulent practices re-
ported, named Webell and Dalton, were arrested and
afterward sent to the penitentiary. Haddock him-
self, however, was not then arrested nor relieved from
duty. But on the loth day of March, 1865, Colonel L.
C. Baker telegraphed to Provost Marshal General
Fry to the effect that he had discovered most astound-
ing enlistment frauds at Elmira, with which Major
Haddock wasconnected. Soon afterward Major Had-
dock was arrested by order of the Secretary of War,
a court-martial was convened in his case, and Hon.
Roscoe Conkling authorized by the War# Depart-
ment to represent the Government at his trial.
If there be any circumstances in the testimony
which are susceptible of further explanation, either
by General Fry or Colonel Baker, (to both of whom
many of the statements relate,) your committeehave
not had the benefit of their knowledge, as neither
appeared as a witness in the case. As your commit-
tee have already explained, their investigation of
the matters with which they have been charged by
the order of the House has thus far been confined to
that branch of the case relating to the charges made
by General Fry against Hon. Roscoe Conkling, leav-
ing the other branch of the case relating to the charges
made by Hon. Roscoe Conkling against the Provost
Marshal General untouched. Whatever evidence
there maybe contained in the report of your com-
mittee which may raise a question touching the man-
agement of the Provost Marshal General's Bureau
has been admitted solely on account of its supposed
relation to the motives of General Fry in the publi-
cation of his charges against Mr. Conkling, as has
already been explained. So far, therefore, as the
committee have deemed it pertinent for that pur-
pose, they have heard and considered it, and for no
' other. It would be premature, and might work in-
justice if your committee, at this stage of their inves-
tigation, were to pronounce affirmatively in advance
upon a branch of the case only collaterally intro- ;
duced, and still further to be heard and considered.
Your committee therefore refrain altogether from
exuiesaing their judgment upon the guilt or inno-
cence of General Fry on the charge of the alleged
corrupt bargain with Allen and his connection with
tneHoboken enlistments.
They refrain also from any expression of th eir opin-
ion as to the credit to bo attached to the testimony of
Theodore Allen, (a witness sought to be impeached
by the party against whom he was called;) nor does
your committee undertake to <?ay at this time how
far the testimony of the said Allen is corroborated
and sustained by the other testimony in the case. So
far. however, as any of the evidence before jour
committee bears upon the point for the illustration
of which it was admitted they have not failed fully
to consider it. Whatever relative weight has been
attached by your committee to the varioustestimony
in the cause which brought them to their conclusion
in reference to the motives of General Fryin writing
the Blaine letter, it cannot be important at this time
to announce, since their conclusion on that point is
not equivocal, and is the unanimous judgment of the
committee.
The following copies of what purport to be two
letters—one by Colonel L. C. Baker, and the other
by General Fry—appear m a printed argument by
Hon. A. G. Riddle, which has been laid upon the
tables of the members of this House:
Officii Special Agency War Department,
In ew Yop.k, March 16,1805.
Sir: Since the capture of bounty-jumpers at Hobo-
ken repeated applications hare been made to me to
have said jumpers credited to the State of IN ew Jer-
sey. Colonel Ilges, the mustering officer, applied to
me, before going to Washington last week, to make
application to you to have said jumpers so credited.
I informed him that I did not think these men could
or would be credited, auvismg him (Colonel llges)
to apply to you for the required instructions or per-
mission.
On Tuesday last, while in Washington, and after
my conversation with you on the subject referred to
above, I leoeived a telegram from Colonel Ilges, re-
questing mc to obtain permission to make these
credits. This telegram I made no reply to. On my
return to New York yesterday morning I heard that
Colonel Ilges had made the credits. I sent for him
and asked him by whose order or direction he had
done •so. lie referred me to your telegram of March
o, nddiessed to Captain II. J. Mills, provost marshal
at Xew.irk, Xew Jersey, forhis authority. Unformed
him (Colonel Ilges) that I did not think that you in-
tended. by the telegram referred to, to convey any
order or authority to Captain Mills to ercdit bounty-
jumpers and de^erter^; that your telegram was in-
tended to on)y authorize thecreditingof such men as
were regularly ;md legitimately enlisted previous to
the Friday on which it was understood that none but
jumpers and dealers were to be enlisted. I have
advised Colonel Ilges to go to Washington to-night,
and to make guch explanations in reference to this
matter as you may require. These explanations, I
trust, will be satisfactory.
I am, general, very respectfully, yours,
h. C. BAAIUIV,
Colonel and Special Agent War Department.
Brigadier General James B. Fry, Provost Marshal ;
General United States, Washington, 1). C.
A true copy: GEORGE E. SCOTT,
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel V. S. v.
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Bureau,
Washington, D. C., March 29,1865.
Colonel: By the course of things in reference to
bounty-jumpers taken at Hoboken, Mayor Cleve-
land, of Newark, is placed in a very unfortunate po-
sition. If possible, he should bo relieved from it.
Under date of MarchJS I directed Colonel Ilges to
return the money in his possession to the parties who
advanced it as bounties for these men, the credits for
them being disallowed, and the money still in his
possession. It seems that under this order, reported
by telegraph to you on the 24th of March, Colonel
Ilges has delivered tho money in whole or part to
Theodore Allen, broker, and perhaps to some other
brokers, and thatMayorClevelandisunable to regain
possession of it.
The propermethod of disposing of thisbusiness nas
all the time seemed to me plain enough: it is this:
to allowno credits for the bounty-jumpers, men who
have already been enlisted and credited several times
over, but to credit any, if there be any, who are bona
fide recruits, and not jumpers. To return to the town
authorities ail the money they advanced on account
of men whom we do not credit.
I intended my order to carry out the above view,
but it seems that the money advanced by Newark has
been returned to Allen, the broker; perhaps it was
turned over to Colonel Ilges, through Allen, and on
this account he returns it in the same way. However
that may be, Allen should return the money to New-
ark, and I desire you to see Allen and tell him so.
Neither he nor any one else has any right to profit in
the matter." All necessary expenses connected with
the arrest of these jumpers, and the enlistment of such
as are proper recruits, must be paid by the United
States, so that there is no loss for individuals in the
case.
Please report to me as soon as practicable on the
adjustment of this affair.
You had better send for Mayor Cleveland also.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
Colonel L. C. Baser, JYo. 12 Vescy street, JSreto York
City.
A true copy: GEORGE E. SCOTT,
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel U. V.
The opening argument in the summing up before
the committee was made orally on behalf of General
Fry by Mr. Riddle, and was reported by one of the
reporters of the House. To this Mr. Conkling re-
plied. Mr. Riddle rejoined in an oral argument, but
which was not reported, and he had leave of the com-
mittee to reduce to writing this rejoinder, confining
it to the argument actually delivered, thi3 to be re-
ported to the House along with the other arguments
in the case.
No member of the committee has any recollection
of either of these two letters being either given in
evidence in the case or alluded to in any part of the
argument; and no member of the committee has any
recollection of ever seeing the original of either of
these letters, and neither of them has yet been fur-
nished to the committee. The first knowledge which
any member of the committee had, so far as can be
recollected, of either letter, was after writing the
foregoing part of this report, and upon seeing the
printed argument of Mr. Kiddle. The committee un-
derstand it to be now claimed by the counsel for Mr.
Conkling that these letters were not offered in evi-
"djence, nor alluded to in the argument, and doubts
are expressed to the committee as to the authenticity
of-one or both. General Fry's counsel insist that
these letters were given in evidence and commented
upon. Since the committee's attention has thus been
called to them, their effect in the case (treating them
as authentic) has been, by your committee, carefully
considered, and they do not change any conclusions
submitted in this report to which your committee
had come before they wereseen. The?e letters never
having been in the possession of any member of the
committee, the committee cannot, of course, make
any decision whatever as to whether these alleged
copies are copies of genuine letters of the dates they
bear; but the committee submit these alleged copies
with this explanation, that the House and all parties
may have toe benefit of them.
Your committee report to the House the argument
of Mr. Biddle, as printed by him, with the above
statement, as to its correspondence with the argument
made to the committee. They do this because the
committee are not willing to deprive General Fry of
any fact or argument in his defense which he may
desire to bti'tu to the attention oftheHouse to influ-
ence it1- action, although it may not have been sub-
mitted to the committeeduringitsdelibcrations. No
injustice, so far as the results of the committee'* ac-
tion is concerned, can be done to Mr. Conkling by
this course, as the committee came to no conclusion
as to the subject-matter of these letters which is ad-
verse to him.
Your committee have refrained from making any
recommendation as to proceedings by the Ifou^e
against General Fry for this breach of its privileges.
The reasons for this are in part to be found in the
circumstances connected with the introduction of
I General Fry's letter into this House by one of its
members. The committee doubted whether the
Housewould be inclined, or ought to adopt, any fur-
ther proceedings against General Fry touching this
violation of its privileges, except in connection with
the examination of Mr. Blaine's relations to this
matter. The latter is wholly outside of tho powers
of your committee.
Besides, all of the facts, and also the conclusions
of law and fact derived therefrom which bear upon
the question of the propriety of any further pro-
ceedings touching this breach of its privileges, are
by your committee here submitted to the House; and
hence the House will have no difficulty in deciding
what its action should bo in this regard, and would
not be assisted by any mere opinion or recommen-
dation of the committee upon a question lying so pe-
culiarly within the limits of the discretion of tho
House, and to be determined by its sense of fitness.
The execution of that part of the order of the
House in relation to the charges against General Fry
and his bureau will involve an enormous amount of
labor and of expense, and can be properly performed
only by a committee having a competent clerk and
phonographic reporter, and having leave to sit at the
places where the witnesses reside, and during the
sessions of the House, and also during the recess of
Congress. Whether, now that the war is over, the
public good to be attained by these investigations
will compensate for the large expense they will in-
volve is a consideration which should receive the
attention of the House.
Your committee, having fully and carefully con-
sidered the charges against Hon. Roscoe Conkling
contained in the letter of General Fry, are unani-
mously of opinion that none of the charges in the
letter, whether made directly and openly, or indi-
rectly and covertly, have any foundation in truth,
and that the conduct of Mr. Conkling in relation to
each of the matters investigated by the committee
has been above reproach, and that no circumstances
sufficient to excite reasonable suspicion have arisen
which could justify or excuse the attack made upon
him in the letter of General Fry.
The several charges against Hon. Roscoe Conk-
ling, contained in the letter of General Fry, being
unsupported by the testimony in any one material
particular, although ample opportunity was afforded,
at the cost of much time and expense, to enable the
writer of that letter to furnish his proofs, the com-
mittee ought not to refrain from the expression of
their condemnation of tho deliberate act of a public
functionary in traducing th.e official as well as the
personal character of a member of the House of
Representatives of the United States by the publi-
cation of a libel which he was so illy prepared to
sustain. Indignities offered to the character or pro-
ceedings ol the national Legislature by libelous as-
saults have been resented and punished both in^ Eng-
land and the United States as breaches of privilege;
and such assaults upon the official character of mem-
bers have been held punishable as indignities com-
mitted against the House itself. The reason for this
rest3 upon the same ground as that which justifies
the exercise of similar authority to punish for at-
tempts by personal violence, menaces, or briber to
influence tne conduct of members in their official
capacity.
Your committee deem it proper most earnestly to
protest against the practice which has obtained, to
some extent, of causing letters from persons not
members ot the House to be read as a part of a per-
sonal explanation, in which the motives of members
are criticised, their conduct censured, and they are
called to answer for words spoken in debate. Such
attacks upon members, made in the House itself, and
published in its proceedings, and scattered broad-
cast to the world at the expense of the Government,
are, in tho opinion of your committee, an improper
check upon the freedom of debate, a violation of the
Srivileges, and an infraction of the dignity of the
louse.
Your committee submit, for the consideration of
the House, thefollowingresolutions, and recommend
their adoption:
Resolved, That all the statements contained in the
letter of General James B. Fry to Hon. James G.
Blaine, a member of this House, bearing date tho
27th of April, A. l). 1866, and which wa* read in this
House on the 30th of April. A. !>. IS^j, in «o far as
such statements impute to Hon. Roscoe Conkling,
a member of this House, any criminal, illegal, un-
patriotic, or otherwise improper conduct or motives,
either as to the matter of his procuring himself to bo
employed by the Government of the United States
in the prosecution of military offenses in the State
of New York, in tho management of such prosecu-
tions, in taking compensation therefor, or in any
other charge, are wholly without foundation in truth;
and for their publication there were, in the judg-
ment of this Ilouse, no facts connccred with said
prosecutions furnishing cither a palliation or an
excuse.
Hrmlved, That General Fry, an officer of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and head of one of its
military bureaus, in writing and publishing these
accusation? named in the preceding resolution, and
which, owing to the crimes and wiongs which they
i; impute to a member of thi*< body, are of a nature
|j deeply injurious to the official and personal eharac-
ji ter, influence, and |uivileg(\s of j ueh member, and
;j their publication originating. as in the judgment of
jl the House they did, iu no mi.-apprehension of facts,
i| bat in the resentment and  a.*snon of their author,
!j was guilty of a <rro«>  violation of the privileges of
if sueh member and of tins House, and his conduct in
5 that regard merit* and receive®* it* unqualified disap-
: probation. _
S. STUXLABARGKR, Chairman,
W. WINDUM,
B. M.BOYKR,
!, K.C.COOK,
<! - SAMUEL L. WARNER.
