1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2983
Mr. TRUMBULL. A year ago.
Mr. GRIMES. We simply forgive him, for
and in consideration of the $350,000 that she
has cost him in excess of the amount we agreed
to pay him, for not having been able to bring
her to the speed he contracted for; that is all.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
printing of a communication.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Hcsolved, That five hundred extra copies of the
communication of the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
tile 23d of February, information relative to the
establishment of" a telegraph in connection with
the postal system, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
message jroj1 tiie iious1s.
^ Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call up the
unfinished business of the morning hour of
yesterday, being "the bill (S. No. 282) to reor-
ganize the clerical force of the Department of
the Interior, and for other purposes.
Mr. CONNESS. When this bill was up
yesterday morning, the last action had upon
it was in the nature of a motion 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will give way to allow a message to be
received from the House of Representatives.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiikbsok, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had Con-
curred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 3V) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending
the :->0th of June, 1867.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had disagreed to
the ^amendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 77) for the relief of
Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish,
for carrying the United States mail from Boise
City to Idaho City, in the Territory of Idaho,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. John II*. Farquhar of Indiana, Mr. Don-
ald C. McRuer of California, and Mr. William
E. Fixcic of Ohio, managers at the same on its
part. *
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 450) to reduce and establish the pay of
officers and to regulate the pay of soldiers of
the Army of the United States, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 203) to enable
the New York and Montana Iron Mining and
Manufacturing Company to purchase a certain
amount of the public lands not now in market;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
pay op the army and navy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I give way to the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
order to be printed the bill (H. R. No. 450) to
reduce and establish the pay of officers and to
regulate the pay of soldiers of the Army of the
United States, and upon that motion I wish to
say a single word.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the honorable
Senator will not. take up the remaining ten
minutes of the morning hour. I want to dis-
pose of this bill. The Senator from California
has the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. When some subject was
under consideration yesterday some animad-
versions were made upon the passage of a law
liere authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
allow a commutation to officers of the Navy.
The Committee on Naval Affairs are as con-
scious as anybody can be that this system of
commutation is a vicious system, and it was
assented to by them very much with a view of
bringing about a reform in this particular. A
bill has now passed the House of Representa-
tives reducing and fixing the pay of officers of
the Army, and has just been sent to the Sen-
ate. It has been said, and I understand that
some Senators entertain the opinion, that the
officers of the Navy now receive much higher
pay than officers of the Army. I simply desire
to say, in behalf of the Naval Committee, for
whom I am authorized to speak this morning
on this subject, and in behalf of the Navy,
that they will most gladly accept as the pay
of the Navy this reduced bill fixing the pay of
the Army for corresponding grades, and I trust
that when the Committee on Military Affairs
shall report back this military bill they \vill
attach to it a section which shall give to officers
of the Navy of corresponding rank the same
fixed, precise pay. without commutations, that
is provided for officers of the Army, and they
will most gladly accept it.
The PRESll)ENl pro tempore. The bill
will be printed; of course, when it shall have
been referred to a committee.
clerks in tiii5 interior department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now I must insist on
going on with the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall occupy but a very
short time in what I have to say. I was pro-
ceeding to observe that the last action had on
this bill yesterday was in the nature of a mo-
tion made by the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] to postpone its further consideration
that it might bo ascertained whether the so-
called " departmental club," of which he gave
us the history and proceedings, were to be
benefited by the passage of this bill. To that
view of the case 1 desire now to address a very
few remarks. This is a proposition to reor-
ganize 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the bill is not yet before the
Senate. The question is on the motion that
the Senate proceed to its consideration. The
Senate has not yet decided to take up the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I presumed there was no
objection to that.
Mr. WILSON, and others. Let the bill be
taken up.
/The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California addressed the Chair be-
fore the Chair had an opportunity to put the
question to the Senate. Of course the Chair
supposed that he wished to be heard on the
question whether the bill should be taken up
or not.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion before the Senate is to proceed to the
consideration of the bill named by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
282) to reorganize the clerical force of the
Department of the Interior, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. CONNESS. I was proceeding to say
that this was a bill for the reorganization of
the clerical force of the Interior Department,
a Department that it appears comes under the
condemnation of this so-called "departmental
club" in their proceedings, and therefore if it
were proper to take any notice in the Senate of
the United States (which I do not admit) of the
proceedings of this so-called departmental club,
there is no propriety in the position taken by the
honorable Senator from Nevada, so far as this
bill is concerned, growing out of those proceed-
ings. It is perhaps a matter to be regretted,
in behalf of human nature, that any part of so-
ciety, when drained to its dregs, should develop
such a quality of dregs as the organization and
proceedings of this "departmental club," so
called, have given us. It is to be regretted,
in behalf of human nature, that our kind should
at any time show, and jump so quickly to show,
subserviency to the source of power, no matter
what that source may be. I rise as much to
say a word in defense of the President of the
United States from any implied aspersion that
may grow out of the proceedings, as they have
been brought to the notice of the Senate, of this
so-called " departmental club," as for any other
purpose. I either mistake the character of the
President of the United States or such pro-
ceedings as those from employes of the Gov-
ernment but excite his contempt. I cannot
think otherwise. I do not say_ so in compli-
ment to the President, but I believe it must be
so. The practice of organizing these clubs com-
posed of men in the employ of the Government
and subject to be dismissed from day to day,
and complimenting their superiors, isonemore
honored in the breach than in the observance,
and I only regret that their proceedings have
been brought to the notice of the Senate at all.
I would not honor them with notice; they do
not deserve it in any sense whatever; and that
their proceedings, so discreditable to them-
selves, whoever they may be, should be made
any excuse for any line of action on our part,
in our legislation, is not, I hope, to be consid-
ered at all.
I believe that this bill should pass; and I
acccpt what was so well said by the honorable
chairman of the Finance Committee in regard
to the Treasury Department, and he spoke to
us from his experience and actual observation
in that Department, that a reorganization like
this which is now being made for'the Interior
Department is a public necessity for the Treas-
ury Department particularly. Men of the high-
est administrative and clerical ability are called
upon to perform the most arduous and respon-
sible duties, and are so poorly paid that they
cannot live in comfort in the city of Wash-
ington, much less in a condition of fair re-
spectability. 1 think it is discreditable to the
Government that it should be so. 'Chat the
Government should lose from its high places
its best and most admirable talent, its trained
effectiveness, because we fail to extend a fair
compensation to it, is something that we ought
to put an end to. I hope, sir, that this bill
will pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the bill
indefinitely.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will withdraw .that motion, and let a
vote be taken directly on the bill itself.
Mr. NYE. I did not know yesterday what
class of clerks this bill applied to. After the
adjournment of the Senate I tookalittle pains
to inquire into the subject, and I find that this
"departmental club" has its existence in two
of the other Departments, not in this.
Mr. SHERMAN. Which of the Depart-
ments?
Mr. NYE. The man who introduced the
resolutions which I read yesterday belongs to
the Second Auditor's office of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. CONNESS, [to Mr. Nye.] Do nig
honor him with notice.
Mr. NYE. I shall not; but as the resolu-
tions of the club recommend the removal or
resignation of Mr. Harlan, of the Interior De-
partment, I am satisfied that it has no connec-
tion with this bill. I therefore withdraw my
motion and shall consent to let the bill pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to postpone being-withdrawn, the question
is, Shall the bill be engrossed for a third read-
ing?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin a question. Does this
bill increase the pay of certain grades of offi-
cers in the Interior Department?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It does increase the
salaries of some of the heads of divisions, and
