2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. MORRIS. I hope the gentleman will
allow this bill to be submitted. It is of a local
character, pertaining to the courts of New
York.
Mr. ANCONA. I do not object to the gen-
tleman introducing his own proposition, but I
do objoct to his yielding to friends on that side
and not to those on this side.
Mr. BOYER. I renew the demand for the
regular order of business.
Mr. MORRIS. I have troubled the House
very little.
Mr. BOYER. I shall not withdraw it.
Mr. MORRIS. Much obliged. „
ORGANIZATION OF THE PEXSIOST OFFICE.
The House proceeded, as the regular order
of business, to the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being House bill
No. 278, reported from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, in amendment of the several
acts relating to the organization of the Pension
Office, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute therefor.
The pending amendment was to strike out
the second section of the substitute, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enaru-d. That the Secretary
of the Interior shall appoint, from the fourth-class
clerks in the Pension Office, one chief examiner of
Army invalid pension claims, one chicf examiner of
Army pension claims of widows, mothers, and or-
phans, and one chief examiner of Navy pension
claims; each of said chief examiners shall be allowed
$200 per annum in addition to the salaries already
allowed to clerks of the fourth cBiss: Provided, That
nothing in this section shall be so construed as to au-
thorize the appointment of a larger number of fourth-
class clerks than is now provided by law, including
the examiners aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the substitute, as amended, as follows:
He it enacted by the Seruxteaiul House of IZejjresentatives
of the L iiited States of America iii Coarjress assembled.
That from and alter the passage of this actthesalary
of the UommioMonei of Pensions shall be Si.OiX) per
annum, and the salary ot the chief clerk of tiie Pen-
sion Office shall be $l!,GU0 per annum.
Mr. PERIIAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Egglestow]
Mr. EGGLESTON. This bill as it now
stands merely increases the salary of the Com-
missioner of Pensions from S3.000 to §4,000
per annum, and the salary of the chief clerk
from $2,000 to $2,500. The question for us
to decide is whether it is right and just that this
increase for these two officers should be made.
_ I have given the subject some little atten-
tion, and the chairman of the committee stated
to the House yesterday morning the relative
salaries of other officers in similar situations
in this city. I was fully convinced, after hear-
ing that statement, that it was my duty to vote
for this increase of salary, and I hope that my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe,]'"w}io
is always so watchful of the Treasury in this
House, will not raise objection to the passage
of this bill as it now stands.
I find on looking over the list of salaries that
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey gets
SO,000 per annum, the Comptroller of the
Currency $5,000, the Treasurer of the United
States $5,00J, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue $4,000, and the Commissioner of
Patents $4,500.
Now, I undertake to say that neither of the
officers I have named ha -T' as many arduous
duties to perform as has the Commissioner of
Pensions. Every one acquainted with that
department knows how well and faithfully that
officer is daily attending to his duties. 1 have ij
had some experience since I have been stop- ■■
ping in Washington as to the expenses here, j
and I am satisfied that $3,000 per annum will f
not meet those expenses, oteomo within a thou-
sand dollars of it. I hope that in considera-
tion of these facts each member will vote for
this measure as it is just and proper.
Mr. PERHAM resumed the floor.
_ Mr. ROSS. I desire to move to amend the
bill by striking out "$4,000'; and inserting
"$8,000." fa
Mr. PERHAM. I am unwilling to yield
for an amendment of that kind.
Mr. ROSS. Tlieu allow me to make a
remark for a moment or two.
"Mr. PERIiAM. I will yield to the gentle-
man for a moment to make some remarks.
Mr. ROSS. I have quite a number of con-
stituents in my district who are capable of fill-
ing any of these offices, and they are willing to
take them at the salaries which we have here-
tofore been in the habit of paying.
Now, at the last session of-Congress I voted for
some increase of compensation to public offi-
cers. I did it for the reason that our currency
was depreciated, and everything in the way of
living was increased in price. But now the con-
dition of the country is changed; the prices of
articles- are getting lower; our paper money is
approximating more nearly to the value of coin ;
and I can see no necessity, in this juncture of
our public affairs, when we take into consider-
ation the condition of the people and the heavy
burdens they have to bear, of our increasing
the compensation of these officers.
Why, sir, I am astonished at the excuses
which gentlemen make for increasing the com-
pensation of these officers. They say that the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey gets $0,000,
and that the Comptroller of the Currency Bu-
reau gets So,000. Sir, as the Representatives of
an oppressed and burdened people, are we,
when we find out that an officer gets too high
a compensation, to bring up the compensation
of other officers to that standard? I should
have supposed that my distinguished friend
would rather have 'been disposed to cut down
the compensation of all these officers instead
of raising it. There is no necessity for an in-
crease. You can get the best talent of the coun-
try to discharge the duties of these officers at
the compensation heretofore paid by the Gov-
ernment, and it is placing unnecessary burdens
upon our already over-taxed people to increase
the compensation of officers now, when, instead
of things rising in value, they are tumbling all
the time.
It is much easier to get compensations up
than it is to get them down. . Gentlemen had
better take notice of this. These salaries that
were raised and that are now pointed to as the
examples by which we are to govern ourselves,
were increased for the reason that the currency
of the country was inflated and the prices of
living greatly enhanced in the city of Wash-
ington. Those reasons do not now exist, and
instead of increasing, it is our duty to cut down
and diminish expenses.
If you increase the salary of this gentleman
to $4,000, you will have to increase the salaries
of other officers in the same proportion. That
is not our duty. Our duty is to commence cut-
ting down instead of increasing: and f ask the
members of the House to come to the rescue
now and let us show that we are carrying out
in good faith our pledges to our constituents to
retrench the expenses of the Government and
not increase them.
Mr. PERHAM. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.]
Mr. KASSON. I understood the chairman
of the committee to say, as a reason for increas-
ing the compensation of the chief clerk, that
this Commissioner of Pensions has not a dep-
uty. I believe there is no department of a like
kind in the Government where the head of the
bureau has a deputy: and inasmuch as the
proposition is to raise the salary of the chief
clerk beyond the amount that is allowed to the
chief clerks in other bureaus, I think that we
should set a bad precedent, and one that would
be appealed to hereafter in other Departments
to the detriment of the public service, or at
least to the loss of economy in the service.
1 believe the highest amount paid directly for
a chief clerk of any bureau in the Departments
is $2,000 a year. If this chief clerk has not
that salary now, I will vote most cheerfully to
give it to him. And I would give him more
than that, if that was not equal to the amount
now given to the chicf clerks of the different
bureaus of the various Departments of the
Government.
In regard to the other point, the salary of
the Comrpissioner of Pensions, I am bound in
candor to sajrthat I agree with the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions [Mr. Pe::iiam]
that this officer's labors and responsibilities are
fully equal tb those who arc receiving the pro-
posed amount of salary. While I admit that
a man without a family may live here in this
city upon the salary the Commissioner of Pen-
sions now receives, and that good men, single
men, may be obtained to take the position with
that salary, as suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] I deny that the best tal-
ents and abilities of the country can be obtained
for that amount of compensation.
Mr. ROSS. I will agree to furnish from my
district good men at that salary.
Mr. KASSON. I fear that those men whom
my friend from Illinois calls '' good men'' would
not be regarded as those best fitted for the place
by the people of the country.
We know that in point of fact this officer is
a very able^and a very faithful officer, and that
the bureau, in years past, has never had more
than one tenth of the business which it is now
called upon to perform. Under these circum-
stances, I think, inasmuch as we have raised
the salaries of some other officers,'it is due to
this one to raise his simply to a proper and
corresponding amount, on no other ground
whatever than that of just compensation for
fitting and excellent services to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Will the
j gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. KASSON. I will yield for a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask my friend from Iowa if the same reasons
for increasing the salary of this Commissioner
of Pensions do not apply to the heads of all the
bureaus of the Government. Have not the
duties of all the Auditors, for instance, been
increased in very nearly the same proportion
as the duties of the Commissioner of Pensions?
And if you are going to undertake this thing. I
ask, why stop here? Why not go further? V.hy
not, as I said oil yesterday, increase the salary
of the Commissioner of Public Lands and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, as well as the
salaries of all the Auditors, who now receive
this very salary of $3,000 a year?
And let me say here that this is the time to
meet this question of raising the salaries of offi-
cers, for this is perhaps one of the strongest
cases that can be presented. There is no ob-
jection whatever to Mr. Barrett. As I said
yesterday, he is one of the ablest and most con-
scientious officers that we have. But that is
no reason why we should impose additional
taxes upon our constituents to pay him an
increased salary.
Mr. KASSON. In ordertliat I may answer
the question of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasiibukxe]—and I gave way for a ques-
tion only, and not for a speech, for 1 heard this
speech yesterday 
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not all of it.
Mr. KASSON. I think I heard the whole
of it. But before I forget the questions of the
gentleman I will answer them. The-salaries
of the other officers should not be raised now,
because Congress has, in point of fact, raised
them in many instances already, to meet the
present emergencies, and it would be nnjip-t to
raise them again. But the salary of this officer
has been left below the grade ol the salaries of
officers of corresponding bureaus of the Depart-
ments. I know heads of bureaus who now
receive from five hundred to one thousand dol-
lars more than this officer receives who do not
perform more than one halt the duties he is
called upon to perform.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then cut
the salaries of the other officers down, and not
raise the salary of this one.
Mr. KASSON. It is because it is just that
the salary of this officer should be raised that
the committee have reported in favor of rais-
ing it. If my friend from Illinois v\ ill intro
duce a bill to equalize the salaries of all these
officers according to some just rule I will go
