2984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
it also increases the salaries of the heads of
bureaus.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Above the pay now
given to officers of similar grades in other
Departments ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; I think not,
upon the average. I think the bill is right.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I find this state of af-
fairs to prevail hereif we increase the pay
of a single man of a particular grade, it is made
the basis upon which we must increase the pay
of every other man of the same grade in every
other place. Now, if by passing this bill we
an; increasing the pay of certain grades of
officers in one Department, so as to make it
necessary to increase the pay of all other offi-
cers of the same grades in all other Depart-
ments, I am against it, because I do riot think
that in the present condition of our finances
wo should do any such thing. If we commence
in this Department and run up the pay of cer-
tain grades of officers to a certain sum, we shall
be called upon next week to run up the pay
of similar grades of officers in all the other
Departments to an equal sum.
Mr. COWAN. I understand that this bill
does not disturb the payol'the different grades.
It requires more clerks of a higher grade.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Pays them more.
Mr. COWAN". No, it duos not increase the
pay of the grades. Persons in the lower classes
are to be paid as before ; but it creates some
additional chief clerks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Creates a new grade.
Mr. COWAN. It does not affect the pay of
the old grades.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tt, increases the pay of
the same oilicer with the same rank, as 1 under-
stand it.
Mr. COWAN. I have not, so understood it,
and I was a member of I he committee and
heard nil I In; various parties, and it. was evident,
to me IVom their statements that we should
have the same amount of work done and pay
less for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think 1 can inform the
Senator from Illinois how the matter stands.
The hill adds a new grade of clerks, and gives
them higher pay. U abolishes, substantially,
the lower grado of clerks in certain bureaus,
for instance, in tin; office, of the Secretary of
the Inlciioi there will be one disbursing clerk,
one chief clerk, one clerk of public lands, one
clerk <i( Indian affairs, one clerk of pensions,
three clerks at $1,800, four at $1 ,(i0t), Ionr at,
$1, f00, and none at §1,200. The real effect
is to raise tin; pay ten or iifteen per emit, in
olher words, if, di\idcs the pay of fortv-six
clerks, who an; dispensed with, among those
who arc retained. It, reduces the number of
clerks, and divides the pay of those dispensed
with among tin; others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T quite agree with much
that, was said by the Senator from California,
that. Ihc pay of these officers is too low at the
present, Iime 
The I'll ICS1DHNT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour Inning expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call.up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House joint resolution
No. 1-7.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By the courtesy of the
honorable Senator from Michigan, | Mr. IIow-
£jto. ] it is understood that the .special order is
to lie o\ er informally for a few moments in
order that this bill may be disposed of?
The. I'UESi DK\ f ]>r<i tempore. If no ob-
jection be made and that be the unanimous
consent of the Senate, the order of the day
will be laid aside temporarily.
Mr. TitLMBULL. I designed saying but
a word or two. I am quite satisfied that the
pay of the clerks, not only in the Interior De-
partment, but in the olher Departments of the
Government, is inadequate at the present time.
That is not only true of the clerks, but it is
true al-o of most of the officers of the Gov-
ernment. We have had before the Committee
on the Judiciary petitions from all portions of
the Tj nited States asking us to bring in a bill
to raise the salaries of the district judges. 1
think they ought to be raised. I thought so
two years ago,.during the war; but the com-
mittee at that time—and I quite agreed with
the committee then—thought it not advisable
to attempt raising salaries when we were en-
gaged in this .great war. But the salaries of
the district judges ought certainly to be raised,
and a .bill is now pending for that purpose.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Kxrkwood] is
correct in supposing that if this bill passes it
will lead to a raising of all the salaries. I
have no doubt we shall report a bill from the
Committee on the Judiciary at this session to
raise the salaries of the judges. I think they
are the poorest paid of any officers in the Gov-
ernment, almost. If you are going to have
competent men to fill judicial positions of high
importance, you must pay them reasonable
salaries. I shall not vote against this bill, be-
cause I am prepared for one to vote for an
increase of salaries; but if this bill be voted
down, we shall then understand that salaries
are not to be raised. The amount of the pre-
cious metals has been so much increased, so
much money is afloat, that it is not of the value
it was when these salaries were fixed, and it
seems to me that there is an absolute necessity
upon Congress to increase the salaries of the
public officers.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I feel inclined to vote for
this bill, because it arranges the Interior De-
partment by a redaction of clerks, and awards
compensation to those who do the work and
who must do it. I have no doubt' a judicious
change of the same kind applied to the other
Departments would be just and proper. Wo
should then retain the able, efficient, and work-
ing men in the offices who now do the business,
and they would get an adequate compensation
for it. 1 think we are in no condition to com-
mence a general raising of salaries. I have
no question that salaried officers are in general
poorly paid ; but it is much wiser legislation to
give compensation to the meu'who do the work
by dismissing men who do but little and who
are of but little account, to the Government. I
fear, however, that if this bill passes there will
be an application for an additional number of
clerks. Some people are never satisfied with
what they gel while there is a chance of get-
ting more, anil appealing to Congress or any-
body else who has the power to give. If there
was any way to increase the capacity of the
tax-payers it would bo well enough to go into
the business of increasing salaries.
'This. I think, is a bill properly framed to
give compensation to men who do the work
and to get, clear of those who do not work or
do not, know bow to work. A great many per-
sons in the public offices have got in there by
outside influence. 1 presume such is the pres-
ent condition of tilings. 1 know it was so in
the Departments years ago. There were then
always in the public offises a large number of
individuals who were incumbrances to the pub-
lic service and really retarded the men who
.worked and did the public business.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, with-
out making any argument I desire to say in
this connection, for I have been in communi-
cation with the Secretary of the Interior and
his Assistant, that it is my opinion that we
should have a general bill systematizing em-
ployment in all the Departments so that effi-
cient service might be properly compensated.
All persons conversant with the business of
the Departments know that about three out of
five employes of the Departments do not labor
during the reasonable hours of the day in the
transaction of their particular business, and it
is equally true that nearly three out of five do
not know how to perform the labor which the
public service requires. There should be ap-
plied to the Government service in the Depart-
ments something like the same rule that
belongs to our officers both in the Army and
Navy. Persons who have been disciplined in
a spccial department and have acquired the
knowledge necessary to perform the services
required with skill, should be maintained in
employment and should be entitled to promo-
tion. -1 look upon this measure as an inau-
gurating measure in the same line; but a com-
plete system of that kind should be devised by
some persons who have the authority to devise
these things, and made the law of the land.
I desire to say this because it is an opinion of
mine which I have long entertained, and which
is, I think, the opinion of all informed persons
who desire to see the public service properly
transacted by persons intelligent about their
particular business ; and therefore I am for the
bill.
The bill was passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 450) to reduce and estab-
lish the pay of officers and to regulate the pay
of soldiers of the Army of the United States
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
GOODRICH AND CORNISH.
_ The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) for
the relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan
Cornish, for carrying the United States mail
from Boise City to Idaho City, in the Terri-
tory of Idaho.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendments and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representa-
tives, and that the conferees be appointed by
the President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FK0.M THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills and joint resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. It. No. 438) in relation to the
courts of Washington Territory ;
A bill (II. R. No. G21) to regulate and secure
the safe-keeping of public money intrusted to
disbursing officers of the United States; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 1-18) to author-
ize the distribution of surplus copies of the
American State Papers in the custody of the
Secretary of the Interior.
JtEOONSTJIUCTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (II. It. No. 127) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Dooutti.e as a substitute for the
second section of the proposed article of con-
stitutional amendment.
Mr. I10\VE resumed and concluded the
speech commenced yesterday. His entire argu-
ment will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate will bear witness, and I have no doubt my
colleague will cheerfully accord the same, that,
never upon any occasion has a word fallen from
me calculated or intended to wound in the
slightest, degree the good name or good fame
of my colleague. I think no such word ever
escaped me, and if I know my own heart no
such word will ever fall from my lips. But the
remark which my colleague made when lie
concluded his sentence which had reference to
me, that in my history I had, politically, been
found where _ office or position brought the
highest price is a remark which if not construed
with more charitable feelings than most men
are capable of exercising, might be supposed
to contain some reflection upon the integrity
of my purpose in my political action: Sir. 'I
claim no infallibility; 1 am as liable to mistakes
as other men; but what I do claim is that in
what I have done in my political life I have
intended to do right. I mayliave erred in not
carrying those intentions fully into effect; but,
sir, that I ever intended in the slightest degree
to swerve in my political action for the sake of
offices or the price of offices in the market, is
to those who know me a statement wholly with-
out foundation.
