8044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
dne effect on the House, and that the action
of the committee in reference to the assault
against the"character of my honorable col-
league [Mr. Coxklesg] -will meet with its
unanimous approval. I" know not why £his
House should listen with any other feelings
than those of perfect indignation at the at-
tempt made by an officer of the Government
to assail the character of a member of this
House for commenting on the manner in wliieh
that officer discharged his public duties.
"What is the history of the matter? In legit-
imate debate on the section of the Army bill
relating to the Provost Marshal's Bureau, the
honorable member from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] made some remarks to which the Pro-
vost Marshal General took exceptions. In an-
swer, not by way of legitimate argument on the
subject before the House, the gentleman from
Maine had a letter from General Fry read at
the desk containing the grossest charges against
the honorable member from New York, [Mr.
Coxsxixg,] involving personal turpitude and
corruption, as well as malfeasance in office.
These charges were such as, if true, wonld sub-
ject my colleague [Mr. Coxklixg] to deserved
reproach, and to the loss of public or private
confidence. They have been carefully and pa-
tiently investigated by the committee ; abun-
dant time was offered to establish their truth,
andyet the author of these grave charges failed
signally either to prove or even attempt to
prove that he was sustained by one single fact
in justification.
The important inquiry arises, Mr. Speaker,
whether members are thus to be assailed by
persons Outride of the House for words uttered
in legitimate debate in the House affecting the
action of any public officer or the administra-
tion of any Department or bureau of the Gov-
ernment. If such a precedent shall be estab-
lished, I see no end to these libelous attacks
springing from what any member may deem it
his duty to utter in regard to the action of any
public officer.
But I wish to call attention to another con-
sideration connected with this subject. The
letter of General Fry was addressed to a mem-
ber of this House, and at the instance of that
member it was read at the Clerk's desk in vin-
dication of remarks before made by him upon
the relations existing between Mr. Coxklixg
and General Fry. I do not believe that any
member of the House has the right for any
such purpose to send up to the Cierk's desk a
letter from a third party containinglibelous mat-
ter affecting another member, and to ask that
it be read to the House and circulated, through
the Globe, over the country. If this be not
a breach of privilege, I am unable to say what
is. If it be not, any party designing it may
publish the most offensive and improper matter
in respect to a member and yet screen himself
from liability on the ground that he was using in-
formation imparted by another and incorpora-
ting into his speech, and thus spreading a libel
upon the permanent records of the country. If
we admit that principle, then, as I said before,
there is no end to the libels which may be read
here against members for the expression of
their opinions in (his Hall.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, I desire to ask my
friend whether he thinks it quite proper or dig-
nified for any member of this House, in discuss-
ing a public question, to bring into discredit
the name of a public officer, when that officer
has no chance upon the floor of the House to
defend himself.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer my friend. For
the very reason that the parties are public offi-
cers, that they are charged with the duties of
official administration, that they are servants
of the Government, and that Congress has not
only the right, but is bound to examine into
their action. I aver that a member may right-
fully criticise it. I say it involves no breach
of privilege, and no discourtesy, for any mem-
ber of this House to speak in regard to the
conduct of a public officer of this Government
legitimately before it for consideration in such
terms as ha may think proper.
If charges were made by my colleague against
the administration of General Fry of the affairs
of the Provost Marshal'sBureau, heas an officer
of the Army, charged with malfeasance in a
military duty, had a right to demand from the
War Department a court of inquiry to investi-
gate his conduct. He had here a perfect redress;
or he might have appealed to this House, de-
manding that a committee be charged with the
examination of the alleged malfeasance, and
that the author of the charges bo required to
substantiate them or retract them. Sir, the
very necessities of the public service require
that the Representatives of the people shall be
untrammeled upon this floor in their criticisms
upon the action of the public servants; and if
the lips of members are to be sealed in respect
to official administration, I know not in what
way the public are to be informed on subjects
of the deepest general interest, in connection
with which individual agents and officers may
merit either censure or praise.
But, sir, my object is not to enter into detail
upon the facts of this case so abundantly re-
ported,-but rather to ascertain by some appro-
priate mode of inquiry what are the rights and
whatarethe restrictions which should be allowed
or imposed upon this practice of presenting
letters containing libelous matter to be read as
part of debate in this House. Therefore, at a
proper time, now or hereafter, I will offer a res-
olution simply asking an investigation by the
same committee as to the fact whether any
breach of privilege has been committed by any
act of this kind in the introduction of any such
letter by any person. And I am induced to do
that more from the consideration that I believe
we must put our foot upon this practice or we
must be involved in these interminable difficul-
ties and personal explanations. I wish to say
that I do this without any sort of disrespect to
any member upon this floor, without any per-
sonal feeling whatever, but from a sole desire
to preserve that order and decorum in this
House which should belong to its deliberations.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
to discuss the report of this committee or the
resolutions submitted by them, but I simply
seek the floor in consequence of my colleague
[Mr. Davis] having intimated that he would
move a resolution of reference as to the rights
of the House, and the rights of members of
the House in regard to the publication of libels
like that reported upon by the committee ; and
I rise for the purpose of suggesting to my col-
league that when he offers that resolution he
make it a little more comprehensive, so as to
cover another branch of this case, which has
come to my knowledge within the last two
days. The report of the committee has been
exhaustive of the subject committed to it so
far as affects the charges brought against my
colleague in the libelous letter which was read
at the Clerk's desk.
Since the hearing before the committee was
terminated and since their report was made to
the House, I have received through the mail,
and I understand other members have received
the same document, a pamphlet bearing the
printed signature of James B. Fry. whom Iun-
i dersland to be this same Provost Marshal Gen-
j eral Fry, purporting to be instructions by Mr.
| Fry to his counsel for his defense before this
| committee. It strikes me as a little singular
i that the private instructions of the person on
trial to his counsel for the defense should be
printed and circulated among the body which
was to pass upon the subject after the counsel
has been heard in full before the committee,
and his argument printed for the benefit of the
House. In that pamphlet I find this very re-
markable language, which I think involves, if
possible, a higher breach of privilege even than
the original one. For bear in mind that this
is printed, orat least circulated, after the report
of the committee, falsifying the original charge.
This pamphlet says:
"Of the principal charges (contained in my letter)
I maintain and reassert not only the substantial but
the literal correctness."
In other words, after a fair trial and exam-
ination before a committee, with every oppor-
tunity afforded him to maintain his original
charges, and utterly failing to produce any evi-
dence whatever to maintain them, a pamphlet
is here circulated in which the original libel is
reasserted in its full length and breadth, and
in all its details. I submit that there is a ques-
tion of privilege for the examination, consider-
ation, and action of this House.
Another word in regard to this document.
It states by way of preface that this was a letter
of instructions which was addressed by General
Fry to his counsel, Hon. A. G. Riddle, on the
eve of the oral plea which Mr. Riddle made in
compliance with the requirement of the com-
mittee. If that were so truthfully, of course
these instructions would be privileged, as long
as confined to their proper and legitimate use,
but not when published for the reading of any-
body besides the counsel. But most singularly
Mr. Riddle, in his argument as the counsel for
General Fry, states to the committee that he
has had no opportunity of consulting with his
client and has received no instructions from
him, oral or written, except upon a single
point, while these instructions cover the whole
case. If the counsel told the truth in his state-
ment to the committee, it would appear that
this officer of the Army of the United States
was not only guilty of publishing a libel and a
pronounced libel on a member of the House,
but was guilty of doing it on the false pretence
that it was originally prepared and sent forth
as instructions to counsel when it was not the
fact, and when no such instructions had been
issued.
I therefore ask my colleague, [Mr. Davis,]
when he introduces his resolution to inquire
into the rights of members, to include the ques-
tion whether the House shall submit to such
publications as that contained in the pamphlet
which I hold in my hand.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
from New York has brought to the attention
of the House this letter of General Fry, and it
seems to be proper that I should allude to his
statements contained in that letter. The first
is the statement that a request was made by
General Fry to the investigating committee
for the privilege of preparing and submitting
by himself or by his counsel a written plea,
which request was not granted.
Now, 1 really cannot conceive what it is that
that statement refers to unless it be this : that
at the time we began to examine this cate, on
the first morning of our meeting, General Fry
applied to be permitted to make a written state-
ment to the committee, introducing his case
and his evidence, the written statement to be
unsworn. He was met by a  statement that
any evidence that was to be considered by the
committee must come in the usual way as
clearly and properly authenticated papers, or
the sworn testimony of witnesses, and that he
would be required to present any showing
against a member of the House in that way.
Nothing else occurred excluding General Fry
from the very largest latitude in presenting all
the views of his counsel and of himself upon
every possible question. Excluding myself
from the compliment, I may say that the com-
mittee was a miracle of patience in the way of
admitting and hearing arguments and testi-
mony on both sides.
And there is another statement here that is
equally singular, considering all the circum-
stances of the case. It is on the first page of
this pamphlet. He says:
"I formally applied to the committee for a copy of
the record, tho testimony having been i>UonufiTui>bic-
ally reported, and offered to pay tho expenses of
transcribing it, but was refused."
Now it will occur to every member of the
House that it would be a very singular request
to make of a committee of this House, whose
, proceedings are confidential and not to be dis-
closed except by the leave of the House, that
it should be required to permit its evidence to
go out into the town, into the offices of law-
yers, and to bo hawked about the streets. Of
courso tha committee would not permit the
