1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOWE. My colleague does not mean
to say that I have charged him with any such
thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My colleague does not
assume to charge it, but assumes to say that
it looks like it.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood my col-
league to say that from my course it would
seem that I was the most fortunate of all poli-
ticians to bo always where the offices could be
obtained which commanded the highest price
t in the market.
Mr. HOWE. No; not even that, though
that is very different from what my colleague
was replying to. After stating the situation
of parties and political affairs at these periods,
I did remark, expressly disclaiming any idea
of charging him with being untrue to his convic-
tions, that it was a most fortunate coincidence
that lie had always happened to have the very
convictions which at those different periods
bore the highest price in the market.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, those
words are equivocal. The inference to be
drawn is substantially what I said, if not to
cast an imputation, to raise a question as to
the sincerity of the motives which have con-
trolled me. Now, Mr. President, it is not
pleasant for a man to speak of himself; it is
pot becoming on ordinary occasions that a
man should speak of himself or for himself;
but, sir, upon a point like this, I may be par-
doned if I allude to other crises in my life in
which I have been called upon to take impor-
tant and decisive action in relation to my
political course.
And first, sir, I refer to 1847. In the con-
vention of the Democratic party of the State
of New York, when we were in possession by
force of arms of the territories of Mexico, and
the question of their disposition was to bo
determined, after Mr'. Polk, then President, had
recommended the disposition of those terri-
tories in such a manner as to give to slavery
a considerable portion of them—under these
circumstances, and when the responsibility was
upon the country, I, as a member of the domi-
nant party of the country, (a party which had
the Executive, which had both branches of
Congress, which was in a large majority in
almost all of the States,) had occasion upon
my responsibility to take action upon the pend-
ing question raised by the situation of affairs;
and that question was the same question whic'h
for twenty years has been the great issue, shall
slavery be extended into the Territories of the
United States or not? As a member of the
convention of the dominant party in the State
of New York I brought forward that resolution
denominated the "corner-stone resolution,"
upon which wc separated ourselves from the
majority and the dominant party in the State,
and organized what was denominated the Free-
soil party of the State of New York. That
corncr-stone resolution stood at the head of
the leading newspapers of New York and New
England and Ohio, and Wisconsin, too, as the
corner-stone upon which the Free-soil organi-
zation was laid.
Sir, for no purpose but to carry out what I
believed to be the duty resting upon me and
carrying forward the true interests of the coun-
try, we deliberately went into a great minority,
abandoned the majority and office and all
chance for office, all place and all thought of
place, abandoned all to give ourselves to the
principle which was involved in the struggle.
What followed? The Democratic party was
overthrown; General Cass, its candidate, who
was in favor of what was called the diffusion
of the institution of slavery by way of absorb-
ing it and blotting it out, was laid aside, and
General Taylor was elected. What then inter-
vened ? One of those things which seem almost,
as we look back upon it now, as the special
providence of Almighty God. The discovery
of the gold mines of California happening just
at this time carried the people of _ the free
States by hundreds and thousands into that
new Territory just acquired from Mexico; and
they organized a free State government with a
free constitution, came to Congress and de-
manded admission, and Congress dared not
refuse, for California was the golden Stale, and
a rising State on the west side of the Rocky
mountains, and she could not be held against
her will. She demanded admission ; and the
Senate of the United States, pro-slavery as it
was, was compelled to yield to the dfemand,
and California was admitted as a free State.
That was the result of the organization of the
Free-soil party of 1847 and 1848. It was a vic-
tory for freedom by the admission of that free
State which gave in this Senate a majority to
the free States of the Union.
What then occurred? There was got up
what was called a grand compromise. All the
great Whigs and all the great Democrats of the
country in this body and in the other House
got together and produced what was called the
compromise of 1850, and then it was pro-
claimed by the great men of the country, "The
slavery question is now forever ended; it shall
never be agitated again; now the country shall
be quieted; we shall hear no more upon that
subject." The two parties went into the nom-
ination of their candidates in 1852 upon pre-
cisely the same platform in that respcct. The
Whig party nominated General Scott, and they
declared there should be no discussion of the
slavery question at all countenanced or encour-
aged. The Democratic party nominated Gen-
eral Pierce, and they declared the same thing,
so that upon this question in 1852—the time
when my colleague charges upon me that I
abandoned the cause which I liad espoused in
1848 because he says I gave my support to
General Pierce in 1852—both the great parties
of the country occupied the same ground. It
is a fact to be noticed also that the groat ma-
jority of the Free-soil party with which I acted
in 1848, in the State of New York, as well as
in Ohio and Wisconsin, went into the support
of General Pierce in 1852. There was only a
little, small remnant of that party who voted
for Hale, who was in 1852 the candidate of
what was called the Liberty party. There were
a few who did so. The honorable Senator who
now occupies the chair [Mr. Pomerot] was
one who adhered to Mr. Hale, and I believe
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] also adhered to Mr. Hale in
1852; but there were very few of the Free-soil
organization either in Ohio or in New York
or in Wisconsin who did.
Here was no abandonment of principle on
my part. It is true I went upon the bench in
185'J, having been elected in 1852, in the State
of Wisconsin. From 1853 to 1856 I was con-
stantly engaged in the arduous duties of judge
of the first judicial district of Wisconsin, which
at that time was the most populous and had
the most business of any of the judicial dis-
tricts of the State; and while I was on the
bench I had sufficient regard to what I thought
were (he proprieties of that position not to
engage publicly in political affairs ; but from
the moment the Democratic party, which had
elected General Pierce on the pledge that the
slavery question should not be reopened, pro-
posed the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
to every person who conversed with mo on the
subject 1 freely, openly, frankly declared in
opposition to the project, and said that it would
be the dissolution and the destruction of the
Democratic party.
My colleague refers to the fact that in 1856
I gave my open' adhesion and my public sup-
port to the election of Mr. Fremont, but says
that I did not write a public letter or make a
public speech until after the adjournment of
Congress. Y'ou remember, sir—and I know
you do, for you were a resident of Kansas at
the time—that for long months here in Con-
gress the very question pending was whether
Congress would enforce the border-ruffian slave
code of Kansas, or would repeal it. If Con-
gress had repealed it, Kansas would have been
a fr®e State. 1 did not desire to go into polit-
ical life or to go into a struggle. I was engaged
in my profession, a profession that brings more
profit and much more eftse than any place like
those we occupy here. I had no desire to go
into it; bnt when the Congress of the United
States, under the influence of the Senate of
that day, determined that the^ could enforce
that bloody code upon the Territory of Kansas,
I could not withhold my declaration. Sir, it
was like fire in my bones and in my heart, it
demanded and would have utterance : and
when the utterance came it came red hot in
the denunciation of the infernal outrage that
was thus practiced upon the people of that
Territory; and as my colleague says—it would
not be becoming in me to say it—the people
of Wisconsin perhaps did feel grateful for what
I did in the canvass of 1853 in denouncing the
Democratic party and overthrowing it and
trampling the organization under our feet which
would justify' and sustain an outrage like that.
Mr. President, I never sought alliance with
the Republican party because it had offices
whose price was high in the market—no, sir ;
never. My colleague refers to my course in
Wisconsin, Sir, during the last six months,
ay, more than six months past, in the State
of Wisconsin no man has struggled harder than
I have struggled to save the Union party, to
save it to its platform, to save it to its prin-
ciples, to save it in its supremacy. There
is. hardly a man in Wisconsin this day who
does not know that the success of the Union
party there is due to those men who in the
convention at Madison united with me and
agreed with me in opinion there and in resist-
ing what was there proposed, to wit, to declare
by the resolutions of the Union convention that
the States of the South should never have rep-
resentatives in Congress until they extended
universal suffrage to negroes. Because we
resisted that in the State of Wisconsin we
saved the Union party and elected its candi-
dates by nine thousand majority when the very
proposition presented to the people based upon
negro suffrage was voted down by nine thou-
sand. Had we, consulting the public news-
papers, consulting the denunciations and the
clamor of the hour, been false to our position
and false to the crisis, had wo yielded to that
clamor, the Union party would have been ut-
terly overwhelmed in the State of Wisconsin
at the last election.
Mr. President, it has been charged that it
was through my instrumentality that that con-
vention refused to adopt any such new crced
or new platform which never had been incor-
porated as a part of the Union creed or the
Union platform. I have been charged with
the responsibility of that. If the responsibility
of that rests upon me, then it is true that I had
the honor of saving the Union party of Wis-
consin in its struggle last fall. But has the
course pursued by me there saved me from the
denunciations of the public press? Not at all.
For six months, from one end of Wisconsin to
the other, ay, from Boston to St. Paul, by
every one of a certain class of newspapers I
have been denounced as a traitor to the Union
party because I saved it from defeat. Sir, it
is not the first time in the history of the world
that men have turned in to crucify their^ sav-
iour. So far as 1 am concerned, my political
life may be ended ; but the principles for which
I have contended, the principles for which I
have made the struggle, will live. Men may
suppose that those principles are crucified:
they may imagine that the doctrine of the riglit
of the States to control their own institutions,
so far, at least, as to be permitted to declare
who shall exercise the right of suffrage wUlnu
their limits, is crucified and buried in the tomb,
with a stone rolled at the door ; they may im-
agine that these principles are dead and bur-
ied and will never rise again. So far as indi-
viduals are concerned, it is of but little cousc-
quence. I, as an individual, may have met
denunciation; perhaps I may be consigned
to defeat; but what of all that? What care I,
if the principles live? I tell you, Mr. Presi-
dent, and it is as certain as that the sun will
rise to-morrow, that the great principles for
which I have contended will live; their resur-
