1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2025
with liira in reducing those that are too high
and raising those that are too low. But I am
opposed to" a wholesale denunciation of a just
and proper compensation to a worthy and
faithful officer on the ground that it is setting
a bad precedent. From the beginning of this
Government to this day we have from time to
time felt compelled to raise the salaries of
vatious officers of the Government according
to the increase of their duties. And I do not'
know but that it may be so in the future. I am
opposed to going too fast upon the subject of
raising salaries. But I do believe it necessary
to provide just and proper compensation to
secure faithful and fitting service for the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. KALE. I desire to inquire whether the
objection taken by the gentleman from Illinois
to the increased expenditure proposed by this
bill cannot be obviated to the satisfaction of
all parties by making the money payable out
of the contingent fund of the House. I believe
that will remove all objection. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASIiBURNrE, of Illinois, it might
remove the objection of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hale,] but it would not
remove mine.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. ICaskox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KASSON. I have finished.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peuiia:i] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PERHAM. i will yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibckxe.]
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Karso.n] has said, with
some degree of truth, that I made substantially
the same speech yesterday that I have made
to-day. Sir. 1 bche\e that is the fact, for I
have made that speech pretty often, and I am
sorry to say with very little effect so.far as re-
gards my friend from ioua. I have appealed
more- than once to members of the House to
set their faces ngaini-t all such extravagant
propositions as this, but with very little efieet.
t'his ease is presented to us fairly and squarely,
aud now let the House decide whether it will
inaugurate this policy of laising salaries at a
time when, as my colleague on the other side
[Mr. Ro.sr.j has very properly said, the prices
of everything appear to be going down. When
the prices ot living are decreasing, and we are,
as 1 trust, reaching the gold standard, why
should we commence a system of increasing
salaries? These salaries when increased will
continue undiminished for all time. I have
never known a ease in which a salary has been
diminished.
Mr. PEiiHAM. I Bow yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Bevjamix.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I agree with both the gen-
tlemen from Illinois that this is a bad time for
the Congress of the United States to commence
a ,s}htem of laising salaries. But, sir, there
::ia\ be, and I think there are, exceptions to
this rule. The present salary of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, 53.000, was fixed in 1848,
eighteen years ago ; and it was fixed in accord-
ance with the rule adopted at that time that
the head of a bureau should receive half the
salary of a Cabinet officer. The salary of the
Secretaries at the time was $6,000 ; and hence
the salary of the Commissioner of Pensions
was fixed at $3,000.
in 184t> the Pension Bureau, as we all know,
was a small institution. There were compar-
atively few persons upon the pension-roll.
Xow. that bureau has grown to an enormous
extent: and the business of that bureau, I will
venture to say, is more extended and impor-
tant. and involves a larger amount of money,
th.tn the business of any other bureau of the
Government. But the salary of the Commis-
sioner. instead of being increased with the
increase of business, has actually been dimin-
ished. How? We have provided in our tax-
laws that S-.4O0 of his salary of $3,000 shall
he taxed at the rate of five per cent.; and to
that extent the salary has been reduced below
the amount at which it was fixed in 1848 
As was remarked yesterday by the chairman
of the committee, [Mr. Pemiam,] a vast amount
of money is involved in the transactions of the
Pension Bureau; and the very best order of
talent is required for the discharge of the duties
of Commissioner. It is admitted by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburxe] that we
have that kind of talent at the head of the bu-
reau at this lime. We wish to retain that order
of talent. We wish that the duties of that po-
sition shall hereafter be administered with the
same ability with which they are now performed.
Hence the committee believe that the salary of
the Commissioner should be increased from
$o,000 to $4,000. The latter amount is $500
less than the present salary of the Commissioner
of Patents; yet no gentleman acquainted with
the facts will deny that the amount of labor
required of the Commissioner of Pensions
equals, and I believe that it largely exceeds, the
amount.of labor required of the Commissioner
of Patents.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I wi«h to inquire of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamix]
whether he is aware that the Government has
found any difficulty in commanding at the pres-
ent salaries the requisite talent for any of these
positions, or whether he has heard that any of
the heads of bureaus have resigned recently
because they do not receive enough pay. If
there are any of these positions vacant on ac-
count of such resignations, I give notice to the
gentleman and to the country that there are
several gentlemen in my district who would be
glad to take these positions at the present
salaries.
Mr. BEX.TAMIN. I will say. in reply, that
I presume there can be found in my friend's
district gentlemen who are ready to take and
occupy seats in Congress without any compen-
sation. I will not say that they are equal in
point of talent to the distinguished gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Fauxswortii.]
Mr. STEVENS. 1 know some who are
resigning in consequence of deficiency of sal-
ary. The Attorney General Is about to lose
the services of his assistant, a most valuable
and efficient officer, because of the smallness
of the pay. Unless some measure be passed
we shall not be able to get alongxmuch longer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was saying, in answer
to the gentleman from Illinois, when he drew
a comparison between this Commissioner and
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, there was
no increase of business in the Indian Bureau.
It has not increased for ten years, and for
the next ten years is likely to decrease. It
is the same with the Commissioner of Public
Lands.
The gentleman from Iowa is slightly mis-
taken in supposing the salary of this chief
clerk corresponds with that of other chief
clerks. It is S200 less than that of other chief
clerks. They generally receive $2,2iX). We
make this $2.S0Q because of the increase
of the duties devolved upon this clerk, and
believe it to be right.
Mr. KASSON. Is not the gentleman in
error that the chief clerks of the bureaus re-
ceive $2,200? The chief clerks of Depart-
ments receive $2,200, and the chief clerks of
the bureaus $2,000. In the Post Office De-
partment the chief clerks receive $2,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is cor-
rect; some of the chief clerks of bureaus
receive only $2,000. Some I know receive
$2,200. The amount is not uniform. This
asks for an increase to $2,500. The whole
increase amounts to the sum of $1,500 ayear.
I think it is the (kity of this House to pay com-
petent officers adequate compensation, and
that is all that is proposed here.
Mr. PERIIAM. I hope I shall not be asked
to yield any further.
1 wish to say, in answer to the question why
the committee have not reported in favor of the
increase of the salaries of the heads of other
bureaus, that in the first place, no such prop-
ositions were referred to us for other bureaus;
and in the second plaoej there was no other
bureau the business of which had increased to
so great an extent as this. In most of the bu-
reaus the business remains about the same as
when the salaries were established. This has
increased ten times what it was. This office
has to make the disbursement of from fifteen
to twenty million dollars in sums of $100 and
less among individuals. It has to supply funds
to agents all over the country and to see that
the accounts rendered are correct.
Mr. CHANLEU. Is this intended as a pre-
cedent for the increase of other salaries? The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I understand,
says the Attorney General will resign unless we
increase salaries. I take that as an indication
of general increase of salaries. There are a
great many colored persons waiting to take
these places, as .well as your places here, and
there is no need to buy these white men to stay.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PERITAM. This was not intended to
establish any such precedent. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. PERIIAM demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and tlie
main question ordered.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
I want the country to know who favor increase
of salaries.
The yeas and nays were oi'dered.
J The question was taken; and it was decided
I in the negative—yeas 58, nays 03, not voting
j 02; as follows :
; YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Benjamin. Bi 1-
I well, LSmghara, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Colfro'-h,
: DavK Delano, Dixon. Donnelly, Dfiggs, Eclihy,
Ecrgleston, Earouliar, Garfield, Glos^brcnner, lia e,
■ Hayes, Holmes, Chester D.Hubbard, Ilulburd.lnst r-
; soil, Jenekes, Kclloy, Kelso, George V. La\vren< e,
! Lynch, Marvin, MeRuer, Morcnr, Millor,]VIoorheact,
I Moriill, Morns, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Perhai l,
I Samuel J. Randall. William il. Randall, Baym<"id,
I Rollins, Schenck. Smith, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Upson. Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van llprn, Wclker, Wbaley,
and Williams—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Delos P,. Ashley,
Baker, Beainan, Boutwell, Brandegee, Cromwell,
Broomall. Ciianler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cook,
Dcnuns, Eldudjc,Farnsworlli, l-'evry, linck, Good-
year. Gridev, Abner < \ Harding, Henderson. Asahel
W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Hum-
phrey, J ulnm, KabSon,Ketc!iaui,lvuy kendall,Lath am,
Jjoan, Lougyear. Marshall, Mar&tou, McCullough,
MeKee. Moulton.Xiblaek, Orth. Paine, Phelps. Price,
Alexander IL Rice, John ]I. liiue. Hitter, Rogers,
lloss, Scotield, Slianklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Snaidincr, Tabei, Thayer, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Ward, Elihu B. Waslibnrne, Henry D. Washburn,
Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Stephen 1'. Wilson,
and Wright—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Banks. Baxter. Bergen, Blaine,
Blow, Boyer, Buekland, Cobb, Culiom, Culver, Dar-
ling, Dawes, Dawson, Detrees, Dcuison, Dodge, Du-
mont, Eliot, Grinncll.Griswold, Aai on Harding, Ilar-
i is, Hart, liigby, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, llotclikiss,
, Demafe Hubbard, John II. Hubbard. James R. riub-
| hell. James Humphrey. Johnson. Jones,Kerr, Laflin,
! William Lawrence, Le Blond, MeClnrg, Melndoe,
! Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Pike. Plants, i'omeroy,
: ltadlord, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sloan. Starr, John L.
Thomas, Trimble, Warner. William B. Washburn,
I Windom, Wintield, and Woodbridge—(>2.
So the bill was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WASHBUUXE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Blaise was detained at his room by sick-
ness.
Mr. AX CON A stated that if his vote would
change the result he would vote in the affirma-
tive; as it was he voted "no.''
The result having been announced as above
, recorded,
i Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
] the vote by which the bill was rejected; and
I also moved to lay that motion on the table.
' Mr. ANCONA. On that I demand the yeas
! and nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
! The question was taken on laying the motion
| to reconsider on the tablel and it was decided
