THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, which wore
severally read the first time by their titles, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill (S. No. 2^ to preserve the right of trial
by jury by securing impartial jurors in the
courts of the United States.
A bill (S. No. 3) to carry out the principles
of a republican form of government in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
A bill (S. No. 4) to prescribe an oath to
maintain a republican form of government in
the rebel States. ' ■ ' ' "
A bill (S. No. 5)' in part execution of the
guarantee of a republican form of government'
m the Constitution of the United States.
A bill (S. No. 0) supplying appropriate legis-
lation to enforce the amendment to the Consti-
tution prohibiting slavery.
A bill (S. No. 7) to enforce the guarantee of
a republican form of government in certain
States whose governments have been usurped
or overthrown.
A joint resolution (S. E. No. 1) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
8) to reorganize the judiciary of the United
States; which was read the first time, and or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
9) to maintain the freedom of the inhabitants
in the States declared in insurrection and re-
bellion by the proclamation of the President
of the 1st of July, 18C2; which was read the
first time, and ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
ANTI-SLAVEHY AMENDMENT.
- Mr. SUMNER submitted the following con-
current resolution declaratory of the adoption
of the constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed:
- Whereas the Congress, by a vote of two thirds of
both Houses, did heretofore propose to tho Lesisla.-
turcs of the several States, for ratification, an amend-
ment to tho Constitution in tho following words,
to wit:
"Akticle XIII.
"Sec. 1. Hcither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except as a punishment for eriiac, whereof tho
party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within tho United States, or any place subjcct to their
jU%IcCUrCon8re5s shall lmve power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation,"
And whereas, at the lime when such amendment
vas submitted as well as since, there wero sundry
? which, by reason of rebellion, were Vvithout
, so that, while the submission was made
rial form, it was not. as it could not
lc to all the States, but to "the Jjcpritdaturc^
of the several States," in obedience both to the let-
ter find spirii oi the provision of the Constitution au-
thorising amendments, thorc being a less number of
Lcmdatim s of Spates than there "were States; and
■\vhareai3, since the Constitution expressly authorizes
amendments to be made, any construction thereof
whk-h^vould render the making of amendments at
time* impossible, must vioialc both its letter and Us
" 'lit; and whereas, to require the ratification to bo
fates withoutJbe-psialtires as well as by 44 the Le-
':urcs of the States," in order to be pronounced
^, woulu put it in the power of a long'-continued
rebellion to suspend, not only the peace of ihc na-
tnm, but it.-- Constitution also; and wherea0, from tho
terms of the Constitution, and the nature of the case,
it belongs to the two Houses of Congress to determine
when such ratification is complete; and wheieas
•more than thiee fourth* of the Lor islatures (o whk-h
the proposition was made have ratified such amend-
ment: Novv, therefore,
lin it rr-soived iy ti a S'-nn!e, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) Tin't the amendment abolishing
slavery has become, and is, a part of tho Constitution
of t:io United States.
Iiewlrcl, That notwithct •inelinf ihe foregoim? reso-
lution, and considering tho ^real public interest which
attacaes to tarn question, the -Legislatures which have
not ratified the amendment, be permitted to express
then; concurrence thercm by tho usual form ol rati-
fication to bo returned in the usual manner.
Juso/vtd, £li«it*!iO one of the Stales, to tho LcUda-
1 amendment could not be submit-
by reason of its being in rebellion acrainst the
ted States,.and hnyin? no Legislature, be permit-
I to resume its ie3uti'"i}ig, and have its Lc^i.-lai uro
iiowicdfjed, and irs Senators and Represent!.lives
iitted, until its Legislature shall have lirst ratified
such amendment in recognition of tho accomplished
RESTORATION OP REBEL-STATES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted for consideration
the following resolutions; which lie over under
the rules:
Resolutions declaratory of the auty of Congress in
respect to guarantees of the national security and
tho national faith in the rebel States.
Resolved, That, in order to provide proper guaran-
tees for security in tho future, so that peace and pros-
perity shall surely prevail, and the plighted faith of
the nation shall bo preserved, it is the first duty of
Congress to take care that no State declared to be in
rebellion shall be allowed to resume its lelationsto
tho Union until after the satisfactory performance
of five several conditions, which conditions precedent
iriust^be submitted to a popular vote, and bo sanc-
tioned by a majority oi the people of each State
respectively, as follows:
(1,) The complete reestablishment of loyalty, as
shown by an honest recognition of the unity of the
Kcpublic, and the duty of allegiance to it at all times,
without mental reservation or equivocation of any
kind.
(2.) Tho complete suppression of all oligarchical
pretensions, and the complete enfranchisement of all
citizens, so that there shall bo no denial of rights on
account of color or race.; but justice shall be impartial,
and all shall be equal before the law.
(3.) The rejection of the rebel debt, and at the same
time the adoption, in just proportion, of the national
debt and the national obligations to Union soldiers,
with solemn pledges nevor to join in any measure,
direct or indirect, for their repudiation, or in anyway
tending to impair the national credit.
(4.) The organization of an educational system for
the equal benefit of all without distinction of color
or race.
(5.) The choice of citizens for office, whether State
or national, of constant and undoubted loyalty, whose
conduct and conversation shall give assurance of peace
and reconciliation.
Resolved, That in order to provide these essential
safeguards, without which the national security and
the national faith will be imperiled, States cannot bo
precipitated back to political power and independ-
ence; but they must wait until these conditions are
•in all respects fulfilled.
CONDITIONS OF RESTORATION.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lutions Tor consideration; which wero ordered
to be printed;
Resolutions declaratory of the duty of Congress, es-
pecially in respect to loyal citizens in rebel States.
Whereas it is provided by the Constitution that
"the United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government;" and
whereas there arc certain States where, by reason of'
rebellion, there ti'c no State governments recognised
by Congress; and whereas, because of the failure of
such Staies respectively to maintain State govern-
ments, it has becomo the duty of Congress, standing
in the place of guarantor, where tho principal lias
made a lapse, to provide governments, republican in
form, forpuchStates respectively: ]STow, therefore, in
order to declare tho duty of Congress,
(1.; ,AVWccf7,_That whenever a convention is called
in any of Such States for the organization of a gov-
aiiment, the following pei sons have aright to be rep-
resented therein, namely, the citizens of the State
who have taken no part in the rebellion; especially
all those whose exclusion from the ballot enabled the
rest to carry the htate into the rebellion, and still
more especially those who beeamo soldiers in the
armies of tho Union, and by their valor on the battle-
field turned the tide of war and made the Union tri-
umphant: and Congress mutt refuse to sanction the
pjoceedmg"? of'any convention composed of'delegates
chosen by men recently in arms against the Union,
and exclinlin^ men who periled their lives in its de-
fense; unless its proceeding- have been first approved
by those hereby declared to be entitled to participate
therein.
^ i'Z.) JtcsoIvcJ, That the Constitution of the United
States boinr-, supreme over State laws and State con-
stitutions in icspcet of these matters upon which it
freaks, md the duty being n^w imposed by it on Con-
gress to legisbj e for the establishment of government
in sach States lx^pectivelv, it is hereby declared that
3io supposed State law or State constitution can be set
up as an impediment to the national power in the dis-
charge oi this duty.
i}\) l&volctd, That since, also, it has become the
duty of Congress to determine v/hat is a republican
form of government, it is lieicby declared that no gov-
ernment of a State recently in rebellion can be ac-
cepted as republican, where large niasres oi' citizens
who have been always loyal to the United States arc
excluded from the elective frnrelme, and crpcciallv
where the wounded soldier oi' the Union, with all
ins kindred and race, and also the kindred of otlieis
whose bones whiten the battle-fields where they died
for their country, are thrim away from the rolls to
give place to the very men by whose hands wound and
death were irujicted; moie particularly where, as in
some of then^States, the result would be to di-fian-
chi.-c the maioiilv ot the citizens who were always
loyal, and &ivc to the oligarchical minority recently
en^agod in carrying on the rebellion the power to oy-
pr"s< the lc:'Ld_majouty, even to the extent of driving
tiiem irons then' homes and depriving them of ail op-
portunity of hveJihood.
1.4.) Ac;o//vTL„t in all those cases where, by
roa-^n oi rc 'udhov, fheie is a lapvj m the State 'tov-
erntnent, and it btcomc? tho fluty of Congress to
provide a government tor the ntate, bo government
can bo accepted as "a republican iorm of govern-
ment" where a largo proportion of native-born citi-
zens, charged with no crimc and no failure of duty,
is left wholly unrepresented, although compelled to
pay taxes; and especially where a particular race is
singled out and denied all representation, although
compelled to pay taxes; more especially, whero such
race constitutes the majouty of the citizens, and
where tho enfranchised minority has forfeited its
rights by rebellion; and more especially still where,
by such exclusion, the oligarchical enemies of tho
Kcpublic can practically compcl it to break laith with
national soldiers andnaiional creditors to whose gen-
erosity it was indebted during a period of peril.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of liis intention to
ask leave to introduce bills of the following
titles:
A bill to authorize the construction of a
bridge across tlie Mississippi river at the city of
St. Louis; and
A bill to reimburse the State of Missouri for
moneys expended in arming, equipping, and
provisioning a militia force to aid in suppress-
ing tho rebellion, and for moneys otherwise ex-
pended in behalf of the United States.
HOUR Oi*' MIXMNG.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That tho hour of the daily meeting of tho
Senate be twelve o'clock, meridian, until otherwise
ordered.
RECESS.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no business
before the Senate, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
•Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
not press an adjournment. Perhaps the other
House may organize soon.
Mr. POMEKOY. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn and move that the Senate take a recess
for half an hour.
Mr. CLARK. Say till one o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. I accept that suggestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate take a recess until
one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is put, T sug-
gest that the better motion would be to adjourn.
1 believe it is the habit to adjourn early on the
first day. I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same motion was
made by the honorable Senator from Kansas,
and was withdrawn on the suggestion that per-
haps in a short time we should hear of the or-
ganization of the House.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not know it had been
made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the mo-
tion to adjourn withdrawn ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The ordinary course is
to wait a little while.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess until one o' clock.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed tho
chair at one o'clock p. m.
^NOTIFICATION TO THE HOFSE.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate adjourn.
It seems probable that the other TIon«e will not
be organized in time to enable us to inform the
President to-day of the assembling of the two
Houses, and their readiness to receive hiscom-.
munieations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Would it not he better
first to make amotion directing iItot "Unifica-
tion of our assembling be given to the other
floiwo ?
Mi1. FESSENDEN. I think that is not
usual.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is usual: at 1 erst it
has been for tlie last four Congn s>"S. i have
looked into the preceibnts lbr ten years ;s-<\
and the practice at the first session of each Con-
gre.-s has been lbr the Senate io meet and qual-
ify its members, aiiu then to pass an oider di-
recting the isecietary to inform xhe House of
Representatives that the Senate fa- met and is
ready to proceed to busines.-,, and (hen some-
times some little business has (,"inspired and
the Senate has adjourned until ne„\t day.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to that.
