2986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
rectum is certain; and those who stand in
opposition to them will find that they are liv-
ing, vitalizing principles; that they will have
recognition, and you cannot keep them buried
out of sight.
Mr. President, I have been betrayed, per-
haps, into saying more than I would have said
under other circumstances. I have no unkind
words to my colleague, no questions upon the
sincerity of his course, no imputations npon
his motives. I only rose to say, in my own
defense, that so far as my intentions are con-
cerned, I intend to pursue the right, if I know
where it leads; and, God helping me, I will
pursue it to the end, be the consequences what
they may.
Mr. I)AVIS. Mr. President, the pending
question before the Senate is, I believe, the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doomttle.] If it be the
pleasure of the Senate, I should like to have
the vote taken on that proposition now, so that
I may have the opportunity of offering two or
three amendments myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question before the Sen-
ate is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the second section, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Several Senators. Let it bo read.
The Secretary. The amendment is to
strike out the second section of the proposed
article, and in lieu of it to insert the follow-
ing:
After the census to bo taken in tho year 1870, and
each succeeding ccnsus, llepreseiitatives shnll bo ap-
portioned among tho several States which may be
included within this Union according to the number
in each Stato of male electors over twenty-ono voars
of age qualified by tho laws thereof to choose mem-
bers of tho most numerous branch of its Legislature;
and direct, taxes shall be apportioned anions tho
sevoiat States according to (ho valuo of tho real and
personal taxable pioporty situate m each State not
belonging to the Stato or to the United States.
.Mr. 11'IfMliUIjL. I would inquire if we
did not vote on that direct proposition once
before,
Mr. DOOL1TTLE.
Mr. CLARK.
voted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER
has not been taken.
been ordered.
Mr. HOWARD,
taken.
Tito finesl.ion licinsj taken by yens and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays :S1 ; as'follows:
,Cowan, Davis, boolittle, Guthrie,
llomlne.lt*, ,1 olnison, and Kiddle—7.
NAVS—.•Alrw.rs. Anthony, Ohandler, Clark, ('on-
iie-s, Craon, Kdimuids, Fos^emlon, Foster, (intnes.
Mill 11.-, Ilmv.ud, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane ol Indiana,
IUor«:ui, .\lomll, \orfon, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy,
Itains'T, Sheniiim, Sprague, Steivait. Sunmcr, 'i'rum-
hull. Van WuiUle, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
Y at CM - 111.
AllSKN'l' — Messrs. Brown, Uuckalew, (Ireswcll,
Uixon, Henderson, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Nes-
imth.Suulsliury, Willey, and Wright—l).
So the amendment, was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLIO. ]iy the courtesy of
the Senator from Kentucky I desire to offer
another iiinemlment. It is not the same as
the last; it differs in this respect, that it bases
representation upon male citizens who are
voters, and not. on male eleelors simply. I do
not suppose it will give rise to any discussion.
1 merely oiler the amendment, and ask for the
sense of 1 lie Senate by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out section two and
in lieu thereof insert the following:
Koprc^cntatives.shall bo apportioned a.mong tho
several States which may bo included within this
Union, according to tho number in cach State of
nialo citizens oi the United States over twenty-ono
years of ago qualified by tho laws of such Stato to
choose members of the most numerous branch of its
■Legislature, and. including such citizens as aro dis-
qualified by participating in rebellion. X>irecttaxes
shaJt be apportioned among the several States ac-
cording to the value of the real and personal taxa-
ble property situate in each State not belonging to
the State or to the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I voted for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin,
No, sir.
It was submitted, but not
The vole
The yeas and nays have
I hope the vote will be
not that I believe that representation in this
country ought to be based upon the voting pop-
ulation, but I voted for it as I thought it better
than the proposition that is before the Senate
from the committee. I think representation
ought to be based upon population, and that
taxation ought to rest upon the property of the
country ad valorem; and now that this ques-"
tion has been raised in this country, T believe
it will yet come to that before the question is
finally settled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but for a moment to explain the reasons for
the vote I shall give in opposition to what is
my own deliberate judgment on the question
now pending. The more I think of this ques-
tion the more I am convinced that the true
basis of representation in the present condition
of affairs is the number of male citizens who
under the laws of the States are allowed to
vote. This proposition, it seems to me, is a
simple one, plain and obvious, which puts a
citizen in one State on a footing of precise
equality with a citizen in every oilier State,
which equalizes the political power of all cit-
izens, and which will destroy all sectional an-
imosity. If this amendment be adopted, a
citizen of the State of Ohio has precisely the
same political power with a citizen of the State
of Massachusetts or of South Carolina, no more
and no less. The same number would be re-
quired in each State to elect a member of Con-
gress. The number of citizens could be easily
ascertained by the census, and the census rolls
could be attested very readily at each annual
election.. This proposition is simple, plain,
and obvious; and yet under the necessity in
which we are now placed I shall feel called
npon to vote against it. My reason for this I
will briefly stato. In my judgment some change
ought to be made in the basis of representa-
tion. The condition of the negro population
in the southern States, now deprived of all
political power, is such that to give to the
white people of those States tho right to vote
for the negro population and represent them
is to give them an undue advantage, one which
we could not justify even if they had not been
in rebellion.
There is 110 reason why tho white citizens of
South Carolina should vote the political power
of a class of people whom they say are entirely
unfit to voto for themselves. If there is any
portion of the people of this country who are
unfit to vote for themselves, their neighbors
ought not, to vote for them. The plain and
obvionsprinciple of representation is that every
voter should vote for himself, and for no one
else; those who have not the right to vote
should be represented by the majority of the
voting population, and not by their immediate
neighbors. There is no reason, for instance, why
because the State of Massachusetts has a pre-
ponderance of women a voter in Massachusetts
should^count more than a voter somewhere
else. There is no reason why, because in the
city of New York there is a very large element
of unnaturalized foreigners, a voter in the city
of New York should have more political power
than a voter anywhere else. There is no
reason why, because a white man lives in the
South, where they have a large mass of negro
population, a white man in the South should
have more political power than a white man in
Ohio. There is no reason why, because in
Ohio we have a greater proportion of voters to
our population than they have in other States,
we should be deprived of political power. The
truth is that every man who has the right to
vote should be counted one, and the aggregate
of votes should then be divided by the proper
number of Representatives in the political
body—the House of Representatives—in order
to arrive at a true and correct apportionment.
That is a plain and obvious principle, and if
that principle was adopted the southern States
would feel no local jealousy. They could not
feel any. No State and 110 community would
have the right to complain. The laws of. the
United States would fix the naturalization of
the foreigner; birth would fix the citizenship
of the native; there could be no controversy.
Then every citizen would stand equal before
the law, with precisely the same political power,
no more and no less. I say, therefore, that
this is the only amendment to the propositions
now submitted to us that 1 desire to make; but
I feel bound by the action of my political friends
to vote against this amendment. I place my
vote distinctly on this ground: here are propo-
sitions upon the details of which men would
naturally differ, and it was therefore necessary
for those who intended to support the mass of
the propositions to confer together and agree
upon those which they could support. There
must be at some point of every controversy of
this kind some surrender of individual opinion.
Although my opinion is as clear as it can be
upon any subject that this amendment is right
in itself, both branches of it, yet as we were
compelled to unite on some measure—and we
must all yield some of our opinions upon various
questions involved—there are five sections in
this proposed article—I feel bound to vote
against this amendment offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin, though in my judgment it
would do more than any other to heal the diffi-
culties by which we are surrounded. A majority
of those who will support the propositions on
which we are to stand believe that the measure
in the shape in which it is before us is the 5
wisest, and I am bound on that question to
defer my own opinion to that majority who
differ from me in order to secure the passage
of this resolution. I am the more reconciled
to this course because next to the proposition
now submitted I think the present is the best
that has over been offered. Next to the sim-
ple, plain proposition of basing representation
upon vo{crs, the section before us is the best.
It does recognize the equity of tho rule I have
mentioned. It bases representation upon pop-
ulation, and it excludes representation for a
class of people that have no political power;
but it stops short of the logical sequence of
the principle. It endeavors to save represen-
tation for certain portions of our country where
they have a population whom they deprive of
the right to vote; but it deprives the Sooth of
representation for a population which has no
right to vote. It is therefore to some extent
unjust, and yet it is more just than any other
proposition which has been submitted to us.
For instance, the proposition which I voted
for some two or three months ago, reported
b£ the committee on reconstruction, proposed
that if the South excluded any portion of the
negro population from voting the effect should
be to exclude the whole mass of that popula-
tion from representation. This proposition is
better than that. It is indeed better than any
other except the simple, logical proposition
of basing representation upon voters.
While I do not and cannot surrender my in-
dividual opinion on this subject, I shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin simply because it is necessary to
have an end to this controversy, and those who
are expected to carry these propositions be-
fore the people must agree upon some plat-
form, and I choose to stand by that which has
been agreed upon by those who are expected
to vote for some amendments to the Constitu-
tion. All those who believe that amendments
ought to be adopted must confer among them-
selves and get the best proposition upon which
they can agree,, and then they must abide by it
and. stand by it. Although my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] may say that that is
the result of a caucus, let me tell him that he
has submitted to such a result a hundred times,
and would do it again. I would always rather
submit to the deliberate judgment of a major-
ity of those with whom I act than to seek the
aid of my political opponents, uniting with a
minority of ray friends to make a platform that
nobody would be satisfied with.
Mr. WILSON. After the remarks made by
the Senator from Ohio I desire to say simply
that I regard this amendment as a proposition
to. strike from the basis of representation two
million one hundred thousand unnaturalized
