2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
in the negative—yeas 65, nays 62, not voting
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs, Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Beaman, Boutwell, Brandcgee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Bodge, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Finek, Goodyear, AbnerC. Hard-
ing, Henderson. Edwin N. Hubbell, Julian, Kuyken-
dall, Latham, Loan, MeClurg, McCullough, McKee,
Moulton, Niblack, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Price, John
II. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Scoficld, Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strouse, Thayer,
Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson. Ward, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, andWright—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Bingham, Boyer, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Coffroth,Conklmg, Davis, Demmg, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston, Farquhar, Garfield, Gloss-
brenncr. Hale, Hayes, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulbuvd, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, George V. Lawrence, Long-
year, Lynch, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Mor-
ris, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Rollins, Rousseau, Schenck,
Smith, Stevens, Stilwell, Taylor, John L. Thomas,
"Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Williams,
Windom, and Woodbridge—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Buckland, Cobb, Cullom, Culver, Dar-
ling, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Denison,
Dumont, Eliot, Grider, Grinncl], Griswold, Aaron
Harding, Harris, Hart, Highy, Hill, Hogan, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Marston,
Mclndoe, Moorhead. Morrill, Noell, Patterson, Per-
harn, Pike, Plants, Poineroy, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Sawyer, Sloan, Starr,
Taber, Francis Thomas, Trimble, and Winfield—66.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
The question recurred on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. PERHAM. Is a motion to recommit
in order?
The SPEAKER. The rejection of the bill
will have to be reconsidered first.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it in
order to withdraw the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER.' It is not, after the House
has refused to lay it on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the motion to recon-
sider prevails, will it then be in order to move
to recommit? .
The SPEAKER. It will.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
reconsider, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 03, nays 55, not voting 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. An com), Baldwin, Benjamin, Bid-
well. Bingham, Boyer, Buckland, Bandy, Header
W. Clarke, Coffroth, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Dricrgs, Eckley, Eggleston, Farqu-
har, Giossbrermcr, Hayes, Holmes, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester I). Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Kasson, Ivellcy, Kelso. Ketcham, George Y.
Xtawrenee, Lynch, Marvin, McRucr, Mercur, Miller,
Morris, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill, Perham,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Rollins, Schenck,
Smith, (Stevens, Btilwell. Strouse, Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, William B. \Vashburn, "Welker, Whaley,
Williams, and Windom—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos B, Ashley. Baker,
Beaman, Brandesree, Bromwell, Broomnll, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Cook, Deming, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Fmck, Gooilvear, Abncr C. Harding, Hender-
son, Edwin N. Hubbell, Julian, Kuykendail, Latham,
Loan.Longyear. Marston. McClur?. McCullough, Mc-
Kce, Moulton, Niblaek, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Price,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Ritter, Rogers,
Boss, Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Taber, Thayer, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson, Ward, Elihu 15. Washburne, XIenrv I). Wash-
bum,Wentworth, James F.Wilson, and Wright—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,Cobb,Conkling, Cullom,Cul-
ver, Darling, Dawson, Defrees, Denison, Dumont,
Eliot, Garfield. Grider, Grinnell. Griswold Aaron
Harding, Harris, Hart, Higby, Hill, Hogan, Hooper,
Hotohkiss, Dcmas Hubbard, John H.Hubhard, James
It. Hubbell, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey,
Johnson. Jones, Kerr, Laflin, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Marshall, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Morrill, Noell,
Patterson. Pike, Plants, Pomero.v, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sloan, Starr, Francis
Thomas, Trimble, Warner, StephenF. Wilson, Win-
field, and V/oodbridge—65.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, that motion is not in order.
executive communications.
■ The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of March 23,1866, transmitting a state-
ment of disbursements under the fifth section
of the act of Congress approved March 3,1865;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the War De-
partment in respect to the allowance of claims
for the apprehension of Booth and others.
resolutions OS texas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the convention of Texas in favor
of a southern branch of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to refer it to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that it be
printed and referred to the committee on
reconstruction.
The question being put, there were—ayes
30, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is in order to ask
a question for information, I would inquire
if this is to be referred to the committee on
reconstruction with the view of having them
reconstruct this railroad? Or what branch
of the business of reconstruction does this
proposition come under?
The SPEAKER. That is hardly a point for
the Chair to decide.
Mr. ROSS. It is for the purpose of never
getting a report, I suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANCONA. Is not the question first
upon the motion to refer to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that motion to be made.
Mr. ROLLINS. I made that motion, as I
supposed. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquired what
disposition should be made of the paper. The
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Rol-
lins] suggested in his seat that it be referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth]
arose in his place and moved that it be referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction. The
House is now dividing upon that question, upon
the last vote no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. By whom is the paper
signed?
The SPEAKER. By the president of the
Texas convsntion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay it on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The House is now divid-
ing upon the motion to refer. If that motion
shall be voted down the motion to lay on the
table will be in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to ask for in-
formation if it has not been the uniform custom
of this House, from the commencement of this
session to this day, to refer all such matters to
the joint committee on reconstruction?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
is that all subjects relating to the representation
of the so-called confederate States shall be
referred to that committee. In regard to all
other subjects the reference is to be decided
by a vote of the House.
Mr. RAYMOND. _ Has the division of the
House upon the motion to refer reached such
a point as to prevent debate-?
The SPEAKER. This debate has been
tolerated by unanimous consent.
Mr. RAYMOND. Is the question of refer-
ence still debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent, as th^t House is now dividing,
no quorum having yoted on the last vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the question has not
been fully understood. I would merely sug-
gest^—-
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
Is debate or colloquy in order pending a divis-
ion of the House upon a motion to refer?
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Debate is not now in order.
There was no quorum voting on the last vote,
and the Chair will appoint tellers.
Messrs. Wentworth and Boyer were ap-
pointed tellers.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes five, noes not counted.
So the motion to refer to the joint commit-
tee on reconstruction was not agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to refer this paper
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
emancipation celebration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will lay before
the House an invitation addressed to the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. It will
be read for information.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, April 12,1866.
To the honorable members of the
House of Representatives ;
We, the undersigned colored citizens of the District
of Columbia, most respectfully invite the members
of the House of Representatives to be present at the
celebration of the anniversary of the emancipation
of slavery in the District, to take place in Franklin
square, Thursday, April 19, at twelve o'clock m.
ALFRED K1GER.
EDWARD L. SAVOY,
DANIEL G. MUSE.
W. II. SHORTER,
Committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think this should be
referred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion, [laughter,] and I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. Does the invitation include
those members of the House who voted against
the emancipation of slavery in the District of
Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It includes all the mem- •
bers of the House of Representatives. It was
read only for information, and not for any
action of the House.
reorganization of the army.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 361) entitled "An act to reor-
ganize and establish the Army of the United
States."
The fifth section was under consideration,
having been amended so as to read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the officers
of the thirty-seven regiments of infantry, first pro-
vided for in the foregoing section, shall consist of
those now commissioned and serving therewith, sub-
ject to such examination as the condition of their
being retained in the service as is hereinafter pro-
vided for; and in making*appointments to fill the
original vacancies in the thirty-seven reggnentsthus
provided for, and for a period of three years after the
passage of this act, allfirstandsecondlieutenantsand
two thirds of the officers of each of the grades above
that of first lieutenant shall be selected from among
the officers and soldiers of volunteers who have served
in the Army of the United States in the late war for
the suppression of the rebellion, and who have been
distinguished for capacity, good conduet, and efficient
scrvice; but graduates of the United States Military
Academy and enlisted men shall be eligible to ap-
pointment as second lieutenants in those regiments,
as in the new regiments of cavalry, under the pro-
visions of the third section of this act, and not other-
wise; the Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered by
appointment from any officers or soldiers of volun-
teers or of the regular Army who have been wounded
in the line of their duty while serving in the Army
of the United States in the late war, or have been
disabled by disease contracted in such service, and
may yet be competent t©r garrison or other duty, to
which that corps has heretofore been assigned.
The officers selected to fill original vacancies in the
regiments of colored troops shall be taken from among
those who have served as officers of colored troops in
the Army oi the United States m the Jatc war. And
all appointments o£ officers in the Veteran Reserve
corps and in regiments of colored troops shall be
made ou examination, ab hereinafter provided, hav-
ing reference to capacity, good conduct, and efficient
service in every case.
The pending question was upon the following
amendment, moved by Mr. Farnswoiith, to
strike out the following:
The officers selected to fill original vacancies in the
regiments of colored troops shall betaken from among
tho.se who have served as officeis of colored troops in
the Army of the United States in the lata war.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
Tho officers of colored troops heroin provided for
