3946"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
If I remember the origin of this ease a mem-
ber of this body rose m violation of the rules
of this House and of parliamentary courtesy
and assailed the motives of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conkling:] and in jus-
tification of that assault, a few days afterward,
he introduced, under the pretense of a per-
sonal explanation, a letter which he sent to
the Clerk to be read.
Mr. PIKE. I do not wish to mix in this
feneral exculpation of the gentleman from
Few York. But I want to say to the gentle-
man from Illinois, in behalf of my colleague,
now absent on account of sickness, that he did
not bring this letter before the House in any
surreptitious way.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I did not so charge.
If I remember correctly he asked to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. PIKE. He did not. I presume the
gentleman does not mean to do my colleague
injustice.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would not do any
one injustice.
Mr. PIKE. My colleague told the House
that he had such a letter, and asked to have it
read. He did not rise to a personal explana-
tion and then have this letter read.
Mr. WENTWORTH. He rose to a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. PIKE. The record of the Globe will
show that- I am right. The House was fully
advised by my colleague of the character of
the letter when he offered it, and no objection
was made to its being read. The committee
seem to have fallen into the same error as the
gentleman from Illinois, and thereupon cen-
sure the practice of introducing letters under
the permission for personal explanation. The
fact was that my colleague rose stating that he
held in his hand a letter from General Fry
whom he considered to have been unjustly as-
sailed in a previous debate in the House. He
asked that the letter should be read as a mat-
ter of fair play. No objection was made. The
gentleman from New York consented if he
could have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Maine so far as he refers to me is mistaken. I
said, simply inferring that the letter had some
reference to me, although ignorant of its con-
tents, that I would make no objection for my-
self, if I could have leave to reply if anything
needing reply should appear. I gave no con-
sent. I had no knowledge of what the letter
was, nor was I in any respect in privity with
the outrage and indecency of its being read. I
simply refrained from objecting as I was as I
supposed in some way referred to, and did not
therefore choose to interpose objectionif others
did not..
Mr. PIKE. When the Speaker asked if any
one objected to the introduction of the letter—
and he put it twice clearly to the House—the
gentleman from New York rose in his place
and said he should not object.
Mr. CONKLING. I simply refrained from
objecting did not assent.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman makes a dis-
tinction between assenting and not objecting,
he is entitled to the benefit of the distinction. j|
I desire merely simply to state the position of ;j
my colleague in introducing the letter. jj
Mr. WENTW ORTH. Mr. Speaker, what ji
I want to say is this: the chairman of the com- ■'
mittee alluded to plantation manners. Now,
plantation manners are not generally located
in the North. At least it is not so generally
understood. General Fry is a native of my
State, and the gentleman who brought his let-
ter before the House knew what it contained;
he knew it contained an attack one of
his fellow-members, and one of his coequals in i
the House; and in sending it to the Clerk's j
desk to be read he did it for the express pur- :
pose of responding to the gentleman fromNew
York. And now my friend calls this planta-
tion manners. Why, sir, these manners are
up in the boreal regions—the northern part of
Maine and the northern part of Illinois. Gen-
eral Fry was one of the first graduates of West
Point from my congressional district. I take
an interest in his character, and my whole
State has an interest in it, not only personally,
but on account of the services of his family.
His father, when the war broke out, differing
politically from the Administration, raised a
regiment, and though he was between sixty and
seventy yfears of age he went into the field and
fought in some of the severest battles that took
place during the war. His friends are numer-
ous in our State, and as one of the Representa-
tives of the State I would not feel justified in
allowing this thing to be done, which it seems
to be the intention of the House to do, without
saying this much. And yet I feel that 1 am
under no obligation to defend General Fry,
although he was my own cadet, because he
should have shown me that letter. I under-
stand that he exhibited the letter to no mem-
ber of the Illinois delegation. There is not a
member from Illinois who would not have
advised him to have kept it to himself.
But, Mr. Speaker, to revert to the original
point, it does not screen a man when he wants
to attack some fellow-member of the House
to go to the Department, get a letter and send
it to the Clerk's desk to be read. And here
this report is brought in censuring him. As
for the gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxk-
lixg] I am free to say, as I presume every
member of the House is, that there is noth-
ing in his conduct that is not entirely to his
credit, and he has won laurels by the investi-
gation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am willing to
give the gentleman five minutes more.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker, m
we are passing by this subject, we are passing I
by the gentleman who introduced this letter to j!
censure him. Does any one suppose that the
gentleman from Maine when he introduced it
did not know for what purpose it was written?
What testimony is before the committee that
General Fry himself knew it was to come here?
But so far as he ia concerned that does not
affect the odium attached to him for sending
it here, or to others who gave it to the gentle-
man from Maine. But the point I object to
is, that the gentleman from New York should
bring down upon the head of this officer whose
character has stood up to this time without
reproach, one of the most gallant men we
ever had in the Army, whose integrity and
honor have always been sustained until this
committee made this report; and now the
whole of the odium of sending a letter here
is to be attributed to him, when I think it
belongs somewhere else.
I have several times during this session felt
it to be my duty to call gentlemen to order for
impugning the motives of other members. I
always differed in this respect with the Chair.
It would make an easy berth for the Speaker,
according to his decision, that a member who
had consent to make a personal explanation
could go on and say what he pleased, and we
would have to sit here and watch him. I am |
satisfied, since the Speaker delivered his re- I
cent opinion, that he is right in aparliamentary !
point of view. Hereafter, if anybody on this ;
floor undertakes to make a personal attack on I
another, I shall feel bound to call him to order j
at once. Had we done this when the gentle- I
man from Maine imputed bad motives to the I
gentleman from New York, we would have
saved ourseis es in the House all this trouble
and mortification. When such a contest has
once begun, it is the bounden duty of some
one member to rise upon the floor and demand
that it shall be stopped.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that some one will feel
it to be his duty, if he knows anything against
General Fry, to prefer the charges and let him
be tried by the proper tribunal. If he sent
that letter here, if lie designed it to be sent
here against a member of this House, I am
willing to go as far as any other member of the
House to fiv thi" proper eeri-nre upon him.
Should it appear, however, that he did not
intend to have that letter presented to the
House, then, so far as the prerogatives of the
House are concerned, it alters the case very
materially. I agree with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] if there be any-
thing against General Fry, let charges be filed
against him, and let him be tried by a military
tribunal. He is out of the House; there is no
one here to advocate his eause. No one knows
what he has to say. We have no explanation
why he sent that letter here. As he did send
the letter here, I am willing, to that extent, to
agree to the report of the committee. But
then there is the member who had the letter
read from the Clerk's desk. When he sent it
up to be read he virtually indorsed it. What
are we to do with him ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PIKE. I want to say a word in behalf
of my colleague.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will yield out of
my time after the previous question has been
seconded.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] was entitled
to an hour in which to close the debate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Illinois makes a valiant defense—I sup-
pose he means it to be such—of his protegtj,
General Fry, by attempting to shift the whole
responsibility upon my colleague.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 do not make any
defense of General Fry.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman insinuates that
my colleague by some wily arts induced Gen-
eral Fry to send that letter to be read in this
House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I did not say so.
Mr. PIKE. Is the gentleman authorized
by General Fry or any one else to say that my
colleague induced him to send that letter to
this House?
Mr. WENTWORTH. _ I do pot charge the
gentleman's colleague with having done so.
Mr. PIKE. I am glad that the gentleman
withdraws the charge.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I do not charge any
colleague of mine in this House with anything.
Mr. PIKE. I understood the gentleman to
say that my colleague induced General Fry to
send this letter here.
Mr._ WENTWORTH. I said I did not know
what inducements were brought to bear upon
General Fry to have him send4his letter here.
Mr. PIKE. I can say to the gentleman, if
he does not know, and 1 speak from a general
knowledge of my colleague's character and not
from having had any communication with him
on the subject—I can tell him that if he inves-
tigates the subject and learns the truth he will
find that his insinuations against my colleague
have no foundation. He generously defends
General Fry as he would any friend lie deemed
unjustly assailed, and General Fry furnished
him this letter expressly to be read in this
House as corroborating his statements in his
behalf.
Mr. WENTWOIITII. Have you seen Gen-
eral Fry?
Mr. PIKE. I have not. I have had no
communication with him. I do not propose
to defend him. I only speak of the part my
colleague had in this transaction. As to the
breach of privilege which is spoken of by some
gentlemen, the House knows of the debate that
occurred. My colleague had hi* say; the gen-
tleman from New York had his "say; which
got the better of it the record will show.
The gentleman from Illinois said my col-
league rose for a personal explanation and
then introduced the letter, acting under pre-
tense of his privileges. I corrected him ; and
now f have the Globe, which will show who
was right, am! it will show, too, that my col-
league is not subject to the implied ceusure of
