1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8947
the committee, if they mean it as a censure,
when in their report they condemn the prac-
tice of members coming in here, under the
color of personal explanations, and bringing in
letters from other persons.
Now let me read from the Globe containing
the report of the proceedings and debates of
the House of the 30th of April:
"Mr. Blaine. 'Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. Eliot] yield to me a moment?
"Mr. Eliot. Yes, sir.
"Mr. Blaine. I hold in my hand a letter from
Provost Marshal General Fry, which I ask to have
read at the Clerk's desk for the double purpose of
vindicating myself from the charge of having stated
in debate last week what was false, and also for the
purpose, which I am sure will commend itself to the
House, of allowing fair play to an honorable man in
the same forum in which he has been assailed.
" Tlie Speaker. It requires unanimous consent to
have it read. Is there objection?
"Mr. Coskliko. I infer that this has some refer-
ence to me. I shall make no objection provided I
may have an opportunity to reply to whatever the
letter may call for hereafter.
"Mr. Stevens. I hope this will be postponed un-
til we get through this bill. I object to interrupting
it in this way."
It was not read then. About an hour later
in the proceedings I find this:
"Mr. Blaine. I ask to send to the Clerk's tablo to
have read the letter thereading of which was obj ected
to this morning.
"Mr. Conkling. I do not object, but only ask, if
th e matter relates to me, to have opportunity to reply.
"Mr. Blaine. I wish to repeat what I said before.
"Mr. Koss. I object to the gentleman from New
York mnking a speech.
"Mr. Conklino. The gentleman docs not want a
letter to be read relating to a member and then not
permit that member to reply.
"Mr. Ross. I withdraw my objection.
"Mr. Blaine. I want this letter read for the double
purpose of vindicating myself from the charge of
having made an untruthful statement on this floor,
and to give, in the broad American sense, fair play
and opportunity to a worthy officer to be heard m a
forum where he has been assailed.
" I wish farther to say that, if, on investigation, Ibad
found I was in error in the statement 1 had made
touching the member from the Utica district of New
York [Mr. ConklingJ and Provost Marshal General
Fry. I would, moitifying as it would have been, apol-
ogized to the House. Whether I was iD error or not
I leave to those who hear the letter of the Provost
Marshal General."
And thereupon the letter was read. The
House can judge whether there was any inva-
sion of its dignity, when all the members con-
sented to have the letter read to them. Cer-
tainly my colleague did nothing but what was
fair and manly. The House cannot now com-
plain if they failed to object to the reading of
what they desired to hear.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, should
the resolution which my colleague from the
Onondaga district gave notice of a few min-
utes ago be adopted we should ascertain who
is tlie right man to be prosecuted in this case.
It has been suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] that we are pursu-
ing the wrong man; that General Fry, when
that letter was sent to Mr. Blaixe, might not
have known that it was to be used in this House.
Now, I do not wish to spend a moment's time
over that; I desire to call the attention of the
House to another subject.
Mr. PIKE. Does the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hotchkiss] believe that was the.
fact?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Thatwhat was the fact?
Mr. PIKE. That when General Fry sent
that letter fo my colleague [Mr. Blaine] he,
General Fry, did not expect it to be read in
this House.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I have expressed no
opinion upon the subject, and therefore I am
not to be cross-examined upon the subject.
But I would call the attention of the House to
libel No. 2. which has been sent stealthily into
this House and scattered around here upon the
desks of members. It has been kept away
from my desk. It has been stolen in here,
with this notice served upon the House :
"A rcaucst made by General Fry to the investi-
gating committee for the privilege of preparing and
submitting, by himself or counsel, a written plea was
not granted."
Here is an appeal to the House against the
conduct of one of its committees:
" The following letter of instructions was, how-
ever, addressed by General Fry to his counsel, Hon.
A. G. Kiddle, on the eve of the oral plea, which Mr.
Kiddle made m compliance with the requirements
of the committee. It gives a general but brief resumt
of the grounds on which General Fry rests his charges
against Mr. Conkling. and of his defense against the
charge which Mr. Conklino incidentally brings
against him."
There the _ attention of this House is called
to this question, on an appeal from the action
of their committee. He says they did not
treat him fairly, and he now appeals to the
House and calls their attention to this letter,
and asks them to review the matter. Now,
who has done that? I would like to know
who is the right man for that, and whether
this body has any dignityto protect. "We have
been lectured here this session from all quar-
ters, until finally clerks in the Departments
come here and read lectures to us, or use mem-
bers of this House for that purpose. Next
come in bullies and attack us, and attack the
officers of this House. When will the dogs be
set upon us? Such a libel as this is scattered
about this House, and the attention of the
House is called to it; and then General Fry
says:
"I have thus briefly reviewed the charges con-
tained in my letter. Of the principal charges, I
maintain and reassert not only the substantial but
the literal correctness."
A more impudent, a more insolent, a more
detestable libel never was presented to the
House. It is in defiance, of the committee and
in defiance of the judgment of the House. It
says in substance, "I will insult you, no mat-
ter what you say, no matter what yon do, no
matter what the report of your committee
may be."
The SPEAKER. The five minutes of the
gentlemen have expired.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield the gen-
tleman five minutes more.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I desire to say only a
few words more.
Mr. Speaker, if this matter should be referred
to the Judiciary Committee as a matter of law,
the special committee having found all the
facts, and this last libel being before us, that
committee will be enabled to ascertain who the
"right man" is; and by and by we shall be
able to find some one whom we maybe able to
bring into this House, that the Speaker may
talk to him and persuade him, perhaps, that he
really has been in the wrong in trampling upon
the dignity of the American Congress, by in-
sulting us, by treating us as no man would dare
to treat a common pettifogger in a decent jus-
tice' s court. By and by we shall rise, perhaps,
to sufficient dignity to resent an insult.
Mr. Speaker, it has been suggested here by
an honorable member that if a bureau of this
Government—a bureau reeking with corrup-
tion, a stench in the nostrils of the people—
comes in here and asks for a continuance of
public confidence and public favor, that it be
incorporated in a new law, perhaps ingrafted
upon the Constitution by way of amendment,
no member here has a right to rise and say
anything about the man who administers that
bureau. No matter how corrupt his conduct
may have been, our mouths must be closed, or
else when we approach the door of this Hall
ruffians may pounce upon us; or we may be
libeled by newspaper correspondents; it may
be heralded all over the countxy that this or
that member has violated tlie Constitution and
the law, and has disgraced himself.
The hirelings of the press throughout the
country have been busy libeling my colleague
ever since this infamous slander was read here,
the attacks emanating from this city, the press
being shamelessly prostituted for the purpose
of traducing him. I have told him to watt in
silence till the day of reckoning should come.
Now I want to have the verdict of this House
proclaimed throughout the Union.
There is one more point to which I wish to
call attention. This investigation has been
conducted by a committee who have become
acquainted with the question. I hope the
subject may not be taken out of their hands
and referred to the Executive for his action.
The Executive should hear the whole story
when it is told. "We have scarcely begun in
this matter. General Fry has not been tried.
"We tried Mr. Coi<k:likg. "We have, s<Tfar as
we have been permitted, shown General Fry's
motive in writing this libel, but have gone no
further. This committee should be continued
to investigate the whole case. They should go
on "in this line if it takes all summer."
Mr. Speaker, I had no idea of saying a word
on this subject; but when it is suggested that
a Representative on this floor has no right to
speak his mind independently on questions of
public interest, matters of legislation, I desire
to know whether that is the rule or not. If he
is to be tongue-tied here I would rather not
hold a position in this House.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
now ask that the vote be taken.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman from Ohio allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes,, sir.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Prelim-
inary to the question, I desire to say a word or
two. I have not had time to read this report,
nor do I wish in any manner to enter into the
personal matters to which it relates; but I want
to know of the chairman whether this commit-
tee in their report justify the taking of employ-
ment by a member of Congress who is in receipt
of his salary as a member of Congress and tak-
ing payment for such employment in addition
to his emoluments as a member of Congress. I
want to know whether the committee, irrespect-
ive of the parties involved in this case, justify
that or not.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The committee
find in their report that a member of Congress
who is qualified as such shall not hold any other
office or receive any compensation therefor.
They find that a member of Congress, after the
4th of March, the day on which his pay com-
mences under the law, cannot receive the sal-
ary of any other office during that time. A
member of Congress may be employed by the
Government as counsel, and such employment
may bo competently performed; and that is
what occurred in this case.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
understand the gentleman to say he believes a
member of Congress, subsequent to the 4th of
March and prior to the expiration of his term,
can be employed by the Government in another
capacity and receive compensation therefor.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is what the
committee find on the subject, if the employ-
ment is not an office.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania.. Can he
be employed against the Government?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In favor of the
Government he may be employed ; against the
Government he cannot be employed, because
there is a statute of 186-1 which expressly pro-
vides in this identical case of Mr. Coxkling,
that is to say, it provides no member of Con-
gress shall be permitted to be employed by
any person in any proceeding before a court-
martial, furnishing a complete legislative de-
termination that he may be employed in that
identical case on the other side, because the
provision of 18C4. in saying that a member of
Congress may not be employed by any other
person, would imply that he may be employed
in that identical ease by the Government itself.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That is
a fine distinction—a distinction without a dif-
ference. If it be not a violation of the letter of
the law, it is to my mind a violation of its spirit.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose a man had an
action of ejectmcnt against the Government
in Philadelphia and came to my colleague to
employ him. would he think himself barred ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
not a member of the bar and therefore I should
be barred. [Laughter.] i will answer my col-
league that I do not think it would be proper
for me while receiving pay as a member of
Congress (o be employed against the Govern-
ment 1 was sent here to represent.
Mr. STEVENS. Last September parties
