1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
shall be selected and appointed in the same maimer
provided herein for officering the six regiments of
cavalry provided tor in the third section of this act.
The question was taken ; and Mr. Fauns-
worth's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Conkliku as a proviso to the
section, the vote on wliicli had been reserved.
Mr. HALE. I desire to make a motion to
perfect the section before the vote is taken on
that amendment. 1 desire, with the leave of
the House, to enter a motion on which I do not
now desire a vote. It ?s an amendment, the
fate of which will depend upon the disposition
to be made of a subsequent section, and for that
reason I ask that it shall be reserved until the
House shall have considered the thirty-third
section. My motion is to strike oat in lines
four, five, and six the words, " subject to such
examination as the condition of their being
retained in the service as is hereinafter pro-
vided for.''
I propose hereafter to move to strike out a
provision in the thirty-third section, and if that
motion shall succeed then this clause will have
to be stricken out.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was reserved.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to move to amend
the fourth section of the bill by striking out.
the words " of ten regiments to be raised and
officered as hereinafter provided for, to be called
the Veteran Reserve corps," and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
And the Secretary of War is authorized and di-
rected to enlist men for the service who have been
wounded in the line of their duty while serving in
the Army of the United States, or who have been
disabled by disease contracted in such service, pro-
vided it shall be found, on medical inspection, that
by such wounds or disability they are not unfitted
for efficiency in garrison or other light duty; and such
men, when enlisted, shall be assigned to such post,
garrison, or other light duty, as the interests of the
service may require: Provided, That there shall not
be more than five thousand such enlisted men in the
service at any one time.
The SPEAKER. That section is not now
open to amendment. It lias been passed under
the operation of the previous question. The
House is now engaged on the fifth section, and
can only go back by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish the House would
allow me to go back for the purpose of offer-
ing that amendment. I propose to offer an-
other amendment to the fifth section, and if
that be adopted, this one ought to be.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks unanimous consent to go back to the
fourth section.
Mr. SCHENCK._ I must object to opening
up that section again.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer then the follow-
ing amendment to the fifth section:
Strike out the following clause:
The Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered by
appointment from any officers and soldiers of volun-
teers or of the regular Army who have been wounded
in the line of their duty while serving in the Army
of the United States in the late war, or have been
disabled by disease contracted in sueh service, and
may yet be competent for garrison or other duty, to
which that corps has heretofore been assigned. The
officers selected to fill original vacancies in the regi-
ments of colored troops shall be taken from among
those who have served as officers of colored troops
in the Army of the United States in the late war.
And all appointments of officers in the Veteran lie-
serve corps and in regiments of colored troops shall
be made on examination, as hereinafter provided,
having reference to capacity, good conduct, and effi-
cient service in every ease. , .
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
In making up the Army list, in pursuance of the
provisions of this act, there shall beappointed. in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the third section of
this act, from any officers and soldiers of volunteers
or regulars who have been wounded in the line of
their duty while serving in the Army of the United
States in the late war, or have been disabled by dis-
ease contracted in such service, and may yet be com-
petent for garrison or other duty, not less than ten
colonels, ten lieutenant colonels, ten majors, ten
adjutants, ten" regimental quartermasters, [ten regi-
mental commissaries,] onehundred captains, onehun-
dred first lieutenants, and one hundred second lieu-
tenants; and from any officers who have served as
officers of colored troops in the Army of the United
States in the late war, eight colonels, eight lieutenant
colonels, eight majors, eight adjutants, eight regi-
mental quartermasters, [eight regimental commissa-
ries,] eighty captains, eighty first lieutenants, and
<;iglity second lieutenants: Provided, lhatalioxncers
appointed or retained in the Army, in pursuance of
the provisions of this act, shall bo on the same foot-
ing in reference to pay, relative rank, and promotion
within th,e staff, corps, or arm of the service in which
they may be appointed or retained.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to explain, in a few
words, what this amendment is designed to
accomplish. During the discussion of this bill
thus far there has been developed in the House
a decided purpose to follow the lead of the Mil-
itary Committee in this: that those who have
been wounded in the service and also a certain
portion of the colored soldiers shall constitute a
part of the Army. Now, what we want is to
realize the wish of the House in sueh a way as
shall come as nearly as possible to making our
Army a harmonious unit.
The objection which I have to the mode in
which this bill proposes to effect its purpose is
that it gives us three kinds of Army : first, the
Army proper, that will be known as par excel-
lence the regular Army ; second, a portion of
the Army known as the Veteran Reserve corps,
made up in a special and peculiar way, offi-
cered in a special and peculiar way, and kept
distinct from the other branches of the Army ;
and third, an Army known as the colored
troops of the United States, officered in a pe-
culiar way, and kept entirely distinct from the
other two classes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe that nothing
can be worse for the efficiency and success of
our Army than discordant elements in its or-
ganization—especially in its list of officers—
walls of partition built up so that of one man
it shall be said, "He is an officer in the reg-
ular Army;" of another, "He is an officer of
the Veteran Reserve corps;" and of another,
"He is an officer of the colored troops." I
believe we can have all these elements, if the
House so determines, and yet not have eo
nomine these distinctions, which, I am very
sure, will, if adopted, he a source of infinite
difficulty, dissension, and heart-burnings in
the practical workings of the Army. We
have seen, during the late war, how that spirit
has been manifested between the volunteers
and regulars. We have seen how much diffi-
culty these distinctions have caused in every
department of our Army.
- What I desire is that we shall have one har-
monious Army, so that between officers of the
same rank there shall be no distinction in con-
sequence of their belonging to different branches
of the Army to which they belong. I desire that
all officers, whether assigned to the command
of colored troops or to the command of regu-
lar forces or to the command of soldiers of the
Veteran Reserve corps, shall be equally eligi-
ble to promotion in any of the different depart-
ments of the Army. This is the object of my
amendment.
I believe we can carry out substantially all
the ideas of the military committee, and still
realize more effectually the unity of the Army,
by not describing a Veteran Reserve corps, with
its special class of officers ; the colored troops,
with their special class of officers; and the
Regular Army, with its special classes of offi-
cers ; but by simply declaring that there shall
be so many colonels, so many lieutenant col-
onels. so many majors, so many officers of other
grades, commissioned as a part of the official
roster from among men who have been wounded
or otherwise partially disabled, and that they
may be assigned wherever the General-in-Chief
pleases to assign them.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Wasthere any difficulty or
discord in the French Army when it consisted
of Old Guards, Young Guards, and the army
proper?
Mr. GARFIELD.- "Well, Mr. Speaker, what
was consistent and harmonious in the French
army fifty years ago, under their peculiar sit-
uation of affairs, cannot justify us in making
up our Army of such discordant materials as
these. I am thoroughly and from principle
opposed to establishing this sort of divisions by
name in the Army of the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether, under the biil as proposed
by the committee, a major in a colored regi-
ment, for instance, could not be promoted to
a lieutenant colonelcy in one of the white
regiments.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no doubt it is the
intention of the committee that that may be
done. But I desire an affirmative statement
in the law to that effect, so that there can bo
no doubt of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I entirely sympa-
thize with the gentleman in that desire, and I
wish to have the bill so amended (if it is not
now in that shape) as to permit the promotion
of officers of colored troops to higher positions
in the while regiments, and the promotion of
officers of white troops to higher positions in
the colored regiments; so that officers in one
branch of the Ariny shall not be excluded from
promotion in another branch.
Mr. GARF1KL1). r have no doubt the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will adopt any propo-
sition that affirmatively embodies that princi-
ple.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gakfiei.d]—and 1 am glad to see
liis attention has been called to the subject, for
wo rccognizc the weight of his authority—to
state for the benefit of the House what will be
the number of officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will bo large enough
to officer ten regiments of the class of men
now designated in the bill as the Veteran Re-
serve corps and eight regiments designated as
colored troops.
Under this bill the military authorities, in
making up the Army, are required to take in
as many disabled officers as are needed to
officer ten regiments of disabled soldiers, and
the whole is to be a separate organization,
known by a separate name, the Veteran Re-
serve corps. My amendment adopts the spirit
and policy of the bill so far as to allow these
disabled men to enter the Army, but it pro-
poses to do away with these separate and
special organizations with distinctive names.
When the President, under the committee's
bill, appoints men for the colored regiments,
lie must appoint men who have served as offi-
cers of colored troops. Instead of saying just
such men a,nd none other shall be appointed
to command these troops, my amendment
throws open the door to all officers of the
Army, whether they have served in colored
troops or not, and any officer appointed will
be liable to be put in command of colored
troops. As the bill stands, we establish^ a
colored department, and provide a special
mode for the appointment of officers for that
class of troops. Wo also establish a Veteran
Reserve corps or invalid department, and pro-
vide a special mode for the appointment of a
class of officers for it. By this separate origin
and appointment of officers, to be known by
special names, to be ordered to special duty,
it seems to me we have built up separate and
dissimilar organizations, which will produce
endless confusion, and make a weak and dis-
jointed armv.
The Army of the United States, Mr. Speaker,
should not be an open hand with outspread
fingers, but rather a doubled fist, a unit, con-
solidated as nearly as possible into one homo-
geneous organization, so that a colonel of
infantry shall be a colonel for all infantry pur-
poses, and a colonel of cavalry a colonel for
all cavalry purposes, without regard to color
or sanitary condition of the soldiers he com-
mands.
I believe the amendment I have suggested,
while it will require a slight modification of a
few sections of the committee's bill, will work
harmoniously and remove the most serious
objections to what is known as the Veteran
Reserve corps. ,
Mr. WRIGHT. The honorable gentleman
from Ohio intimated that he was willing to
