1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ing of the French Chambers, announced his purpose
of withdra wing his troops from Mexico, and expressed
the hope that the emotions excited in this country
would be allayed by such declaration; and whereas
this Dation accepting said declaration in good faith,
it is but proper that it should insist, as a guarantoo
for its fulfillment, that no further employment of the
French troops in Mexico should be made, except to
S reserve the ttatu quo until the period for their with-
rawal arrives: Therefore,
ttwolved, That, in tho judgment of Congress, the
employment of French troops in further conquests in
Mexico would be and should bo considered as a vio-
lation of such pledge on the part of France.
Mr. DAVIS. If the purpose is to have this
resolution acted on at the present time, I ob-
ject to its introduction.
- Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I desire to
move that it be referred to the Committee on
.Foreign Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
There being no objection, the resolution was
introduced and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
portage lake canal, michigan,
Mr. DRIGG-S, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislatures of
tho States of New York and "Wisconsin, in
favor of an extension of the time for complet-
ing the Portage Lake canal, in tho State of
Michigan, and for an additional appropriation
of land therefor j which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
naval station at new london.
Mr. BRANDJ5GE13, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Ilvfioford, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
inslructed to inquire into the advantages of a site
offered to tho Government upon the liver Thames,
nejir New London, Connecticut, for naval purposes,
and to report upon tho expediency of accepting the
same for the purpose of establishing thereat a navy-
yard or naval station for tho construction, repair, or
laying up in ordinary of iron, iron-clad, or other
naval vessels, with leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM,
the J loiiso (at four o'clock and ten minutes p.
m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented under
tho rule, and roferrcd to appropriate committees:
Uvilr. BALDWIN: Tho petition of hospital stew-
ardH, in regard to the paymont of bounty.
.By Mr. CLAlUCy, of Kansas: Concurrent resolu-
tion* of tho Legislature of tho State of Kansas, mo-
juorializ-ing Uongro&s to nmUo ft grant of land to aid
iii tho const ruction of arailroad from Ehvood through
the northern lino of counties m said State.
Bv Mr. i'XJCJ LKSTON : Tho petition of George W.
Cone, and H7 others, citizens of Ohio, praying ibr an
ineicn-e of ihe (.niifoii manufactured articles.
l>y Mr. KCKLKY: Tho petitions of wool-growers
of Jeilcrton county, Ohio, asking additional protec-
tion on wool, bo us to placo them 011 an oquality with
manufacturers.
By Mr. KA6R0N: Tho petition of Thomas Evan",
David McKee, and 400 others, citizens of southwest-
ern Iowa, fur an amondniont of the United jStatcs
Constitution, in order to recognise therein Almighty
God and tho ruling government of tho Lord Jesus
Christ.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Howett Chand-
ler, and others, asking an amendment to the internal
revenue law*.
By Mr. LONGYKAR: Tho memorial of John F.
Millar & Co.. and others, paper and envelope mnnu-
fncturers and dealers and stationers, of Ann Arbor,
Michigan, protesting ujor ins>t tho enactment of any
law authorising tho Postmaster General to sell
fctamped envelopes at the valuo of the stamps im-
pressed thereon.
By Air. MelUJEIt: The memorial of officers of the
United Stales steamer Comanche; of officers of the
United .States steamer  Suwanee; of ollieers of tho
United Spates steamer Independence; and of ollieers
of Mai e .Island navy-yard, for increase of pay to oili-
ceis of the Navy.
By Mr. MKRCtJlt: The petition of 102 citizens of
Danville. Penn^ivama, praying for such a revision
of the tariff laws as will protect domestic labor and
invito the investment of capital in homo manufac-
tures.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of Elizabeth M.
Atwell,and 51 others, ladies of Ontario and Steuben
counties, New York, asking that the Constitution be
so amended us not to disfranchise any citizen on the
ground of sex.
Also, the petition of Willcts & Smith, of IFonoojre,
New lork, manufacturers of harvesters, asking ibr
relief a^amst inordinate taxes.
By Mr. 0 JSlsILL: A supplement to an act entitled
An act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and dis-
trict courts o£ the United States, and for other pur-
poses, approved February 26, A. I). 1853.
By Mr. IIOLLINS: Areiaonstranoeof D. L. Guern-
say, and others, against the passage of an act author-
izing the Postmaster (General to soil stamps and en-
velopes at the value of the stamps thereon.
Also, the petition of A. B. Classon, and 78 others,
for an act granting bounty of land to soldiers of 1S61
and 1862; and for a special bounty of land to the re-
enlisted veterans.
Also, the petition of N. M. Colston, and 102 others,
for an act granting a bounty of land to soldiers of
1861 and 1862; and for aspecial bounty of land to re-
enlisted veterans.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The 'petition of
officers of the Provident Institution, in the town of
Boston, for relief from tax on deposits in that insti-
tution.
Also, of officers of Plymouth (Massachusetts) Sav-
ings Bank, for the same.
Also, of officers of Ware (Massachusetts) Savings
Bank, for the samo.
Also, of officers of New Bedford (Massachusetts)
Savings Bank, for the same.
Also, of officers of Franklin Savings Bank, (of
Boston,) for the same.
By Mr. ROGERS: A petition from about 2,000
mechanics and workmen, of Paterson, New Jersey,
graying that a law may be passed constituting eight
ours a day's work for workmen, artisans, or labor-
ers of tho Federal Government.
By Mr. RAYMOND: Tho memorial of John J.
"Walsh, praying for the adoption of a gun-carriage
invented by him.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: Tho petition of citizens of
Tidioute, Pennsylvania, asking a reduction of the
tax on rock oil.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The petition of citizens of
Paducah, Kentucky, for compensation to Dr. J. Mil-
ton Best for property destroyed by order of tho Uni-
ted States officer commanding at that place.
Also, tho petition of Edward Naret, of West Vir-
ginia, for relief.
By Mr. SITGREAVES: Tho petition of Reese,
Mclich & Co., and others, manufacturers of agricul-
tural implements in New Jersey, praying a reduction
of tho excise tax upon sales or agricultural imple-
ments.
By Mr. VANIIORN.ofNewYork: Tho petitionof
plow-makers and manufacturers, of western New
York, asking relicffrom taxation as now exists.
Also, the petition of 101 patriotic Indies of Alabama,
Genesee county. New York, asking for suffrago.
By Mr. WJflLKER: Thopetitionof Whiting, Roller
& Co., manufacturers of harvesters and other agricul-
tural implements, at Ashland, Ohio, asking that tho
tax law be so changed that the materials used in such
manufactures already taxed shall not bo again taxed
ia tho hands of such manufacturers.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 28, 1866.
Prayer by tho Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, transmitting the annual report of
the Patent Office for the year 1865; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
senator from south carolina.
Mr. JOHNSON presented tho credentials
of Benjamin F. Perry, chosen a Senator from
South Carolina by the Legislature for the term
ending March 4, 1871; which were ordered to
lie on tho table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of
citizens of Clinton county, New York, in which
they represent that they are engaged in the
pursuits of agriculture, mining, commerce, and
I he mechanic arts, and would be at the present
time enjoying the benefits which flow from the
legislation (hat protects industry if it weie not
for the exceedingly heavy excise tax imposed
on them by the war. They go on and state
further that the duties on imports do not cor-
respond with the excise tax, and they pray for
increased duties on imports wherever the samo
are needed for the full protection of home labor.
I move that tho memorial be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS presented a memorial of the
Legislature of California, in favor of certain
amendments to an act to aid in tho construc-
tion of an overland railroad and telegraph line;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. STEWART presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Nevada, in favor of a speedy
trial of Jefferson Davis; which were ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, remonstrating against the
sale of the mineral lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Minos and Mining.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the enforcement
of the Monroe doctrine in Mexico ; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented five petitions of officers of
the Navy attached to the navy-yard at Mare
Island, California, praying for increased com-
pensation j which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial
of the Board of Trade of Detroit, Michigan,
praying for an increase of the duties on cop-
per ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of P.
A. Cushman, of New Hampshire, a manufac-
turer of agricultural implements, praying to be
relieved from the excessive duplication of taxes
which now bears so heavily upon that branch
of industry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. HARRIS, fromtheCommitteeonPrivate
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Jos6 Serafin Ramirez, praying for the pas-
sage of an act confirming to him the grant of
land known as the Canon del Aqua, in the county
of Santa Pfi, New Mexico, reported a bill (S.
No. 173) to confirm the title of Jos6 Serafin
Ramirez to certain lands in NewMexico; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 161) to incorporate the Women's
Hospital Association of the District of Colum-
bia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
171) for the relief of Reuben Clough, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (PI. R.
No. 122) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 80th June, 1867,
reported it with amendments.
bills introduced.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
174) to establish a hydrographic office in the
Navy Department; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to tho Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 175) to incorporate the Pharmaceutical
Association of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to tho
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. It. No. 85) to fix the rate of mileage
for officers traveling on public duty; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia. It
is as follows:
Joint resolution to fix the rate of mileage for officers
of the Array traveling upon public duty.
Rcnolvcd, d-c., Thatso much of the act entitled "An
act to define the pay and emoluments of certain offi-
cers of tho Array, and for other purposes,'' approved
July 17, 1862, as provided that the mileage ot olli-
eers of the Army traveling on public duty should
thereafter be six cents per mile, is hereby repealed,
and the rate of mileage to be hereafter allowed tu offi-
cers of the Army traveling upon public duty should
bo ten cents per railo when transportation m kind is
not furnished them by the Goverment.
pacific coast railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
133.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tho Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the billtS. No. 133) granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the waters of the bay ot San
