2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
accept any suggestion which would carry out
liis idea. I have prepared a proviso which
will, I think, answer the objection he contem-
plates removing, and with his permission I
■would like to have it reported as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will hear the gentle-
man's amendment read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Prmirfpd, That graduates of the Military Academy
at West Point and all officers of volunteers, includ-
ing Veteran volunteers and the Veteran Reserve
corps, shall b" eligible to all offices necessary to fill
vacancies under this bill: Provided, Such officer or
officers can pass a satisfactory examination before a
competent board of officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot accept that.
It is not germane to the subject now under
discussion.
The amendment which I sent up to the Clerk's
desk, and which the chairman was not willing
I should go back to offer as a modification of
the fourth section, was to the effect that the
Secretary of War shall be authorized and di-
rected to accept persons partially disabled as
enlisted men in the Army to the number of not
more than live thousand ; and that when they
were accepted he might put them into separate
companies, if lie chose, or even separate regi-
ments. I designed in that amendment to strike
out that clause of the fourth section which j
organized these troops as a Veteran Reserve
corps^and compelled the President to aggre-
gate all of that kind of troops and officers as a
distinct organization for special service. That
was my purpose in introducing it. If the amend-
ment which is now before the House shall pre-
vail, I hope the chairman of the committee will
allow me to go back and make the necessary
modification.
Air. SCHEXCIv. Mr. Speaker, every gen-
tleman in this House accustomed to legislation,
including my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,] must
know how much easier it is to attempt to put
here and there a patch upon a bill, which after
all will render it incongruous in its parts, than
it is to deal with that bill as an entirety with all
its parts coherent. I think if the gentleman
should succeed in making some or any of the
amendments he proposes, it would result in
marring the harmony ot'rhe bill asitnowstands.
and would only render necessary its recommit-
tal in order to "lick it into shape,"' to use a
vulgar expression.
So far as the amendment which I objected to
going back to insert in the preceding section is
concerned, it is borrowing language from the
tenth section of the bill, which contains a pro-
vision in reference to enlisting men who could
not otherwise pass medical inspection, unless
there was a statutory provision that they might
be received as enlisted men in the Army. And
the oiily object of inserting the amendment in
the fourth section instead of confining it in that
connection to matters to which it properly be-
longs, must be to get rid of the words " Veteran
corps." It seems to me it would be much better
in connection with the matter of enlistments,
which ii provided for in the tenth section.
Then comes the amendment which the gen-
tleman now proposes to the section under con-
sideraiion. that you shall not have a Veteran
corps, known as such, but shall authorize the
Secretary of Yv'au to receive as many into the
service, of ail grades, as would, if put together,
make up a sufficient number of officers for ten
regiments.
Now, what is to be done with these wounded
oflicers? You are either to take them as
wounded officers and mix them up with the
whole of the rest of the Army, so that you shall
have light duty and hard duty, garrison duty
and frontier duty, to be performed by a class
of men not quite well suited for hard duty,
because of their suffering arising from wounds
received in former service, instead of assign-
ing to that duty the able-bodied men who are
peculiarly fitted for it. You make your Army
incongruous in its character as regards its
efiieiency and capability and the physical char-
acteristics of its v arious officers. You mix them
ail up together.
And then does the gentleman intend to sep-
arate them, and assign them to duty iu ten
particular regiments? If so, that constitutes
a Veteran corps, and legislate as we please on
the subject it will always be called such. One
of these-two things he must do, either mix up
improperly and inappropriately, and to the
detriment of the service, officers of different
physical characteristics throughout the whole
Army, or else separate them. If you do the
former, you encounter a difficulty in that direc-
tion. If you do the latter, you have a Veteran
corps whether you choose to call it so or not.
If not known by law as such, it will receive
some soubriquet or nickname from those who
speak of it as a part of the Army.
Then in regard to the provision as to those
who have been officers of colored troops, why
make a special provision that yon shall select
enough 'officefs who have heretofore com-
manded those troops to command the eight
regiments, unless you mean to have eight regi-
ments commanded by them? Why select that
particular number of men who have had expe-
rience in command of colored troops, unless
you mean something by it? Why pick out
enough of those officers to replete them if you
are only intending to scatter them throughout
the Army?
It seems to me, therefore, that the only effect
of all this is simply to mix up the whole matter,
and to fail either on the one hand to accom-
plish the object intended or else to accomplish
it without giving the appropriate name, and
leave it to be nicknamed in such a way as those
who shall turn their attention to giving names
to these particular arms of the service may
choose when they shall once have been or-
dered.
Now, as to the latter part of the amendment,
I have no objection to it. It was the intention
of the Committee on Military Affairs of the
House to provide that without reference to
whether they belonged to one corps or the
other, in promotions hereafter to be made, there
might be promotions ia any oue arm of the ser-
vice without reference to these distinctions 01-
divisions, and that is all that is necessary, it
seems to mc, to accomplish the object the gen-
tleman has in view.
In the Senate bill, as originally printed and
laid upon our tables, there was a provision that
promotions in the colored troops, in the Vet-
eran Reserve corps, or in any branch of the
service should be confined to that particular
division of infantry. Afterward, when the
Veteran Reserve corps was dropped in the
Senate, the colored troops remaining, this sec-
tion was stricken out. and the bill of the Sen-
ate and the bill of the House both agree now
011 the subject of promotions in the divisions
created between different portions of the in-
fantry force; and therefore, the gentleman's
amendment will only cany out what, it seems
to me, is a fair construction of the bill, either
the Senate bill or the House bill. But, in order
to render it perfectly clear, as suggested by the
gentleman from Iowa, fMr. Wilson,] I have
no objection that it shall be made, by specific
terms, to be understood that promotions in that
way shall be competent hereafter. But as to the
original organization of these corps, I think
that while nothing is accomplished, except^
perhaps confusion, by that which is proposed
by my colleague, he will not escape from that
difficulty which he thinks, as I believe improp-
erly. will occur from having these different
brunches of the infantry of the Army.
Mr. FARNSWOR'TH. I wish to offer an
amendment which would more properly, I
think, precede the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] for it is an
amendment to the text for which the gentle-
man from Ohio offers a substitute.
I move to insert after the word "was'' in
the twenty-seventh line, the words:
Or from those who have served in_ other volunteer
troops either as 0ulcers, non-00m missioned officers,
or privates.
That will provide that the officers selected
to fill the original vacancies in the regiments
of colored troops shall be taken from among
those who have served, &c.
Now, as this bill stands, there are four regi-
ments'of white cavalryand fifty-four companies
of white infantry, making five and two filths
regiments; ten regiments* of colored troops,
being two regiments of cavalry and two of
infantry; and ten regiments of the Veteran
Reserve corps : and as the bill now stands, you
can only appoint in all the forces provided for
in this bill, from among all the troops that
have served in the last war, except the invalids
and those who have served with the colored
troops, nine colonels, nine lieutenant colonels,
nine majors, and line officers in proportion,
while the bill will require you to appoint ten
invalid colonels, ten invalid lieutenant colonels,
ten invalid majors, and so on, and also ten
colonels that have served with colored troops,
ten lieutenant colonels, ten majors, and a like
proportion of line officers.
The bill provides that the officers of the col-
ored troops shall be selected exclusively from
among those who have served with colored
troops, while it also provides that officers who
have served with the colored troops may be
appointed to the command of white troops.
The door is open for the captain of a colored
company to compete for an appointment as
captain of any one of the white regiments.
Mr. PAINE. I want to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether this is or is not the identical
amendment upon which the House voted when
it resumed the consideration of this bill this
morning.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; it brings
up the same question, but it is not the same
amendment. I desire to bring the question up
again, because I do not think the House under-
stood it when they voted upon it this morning.
I do not think this House intended to con-
fine the selection of the officers of these ten
colored regiments exclusively to those who
j have served with colored troops, while those
j officers at the same time may be appointed in
| any of the regiments of white troops provided
I for by this bill. In the reorganization of the
| Army why should we, among all the troops
[ that have served in this war, select ten colonels
from among those officers who served with col-
' ored troops, when you select from the great
| mass of the other soldiers only nine colonels
1 for the other regiments?
! And it is proposed by this bill that ten col-
onels, ten lieutenant colonels, and ten majors
shall be selected for the Veteran lieserve corps
from among the invalids of our soldiers, while
only nine colonels are to be appointed from
sound and able-bodied men.
Now, I think the bill ought to be amended
in these respects. I think that the door should
be opened more widely, and that we should not
make a privileged class, but allow the Govern-
ment, in the selection of these officers, to select
from among any who have served iu the late
war.
Mr. PAINE. I voted this morning for the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. FAiixswoRTH,] and I believe I was the
only member of the'House besides himself
who did vote in favor of it. And I am still in
favor of it as an independent proposition.
But I feel it my duty to call attention to some
statements made by the gentleman from iili
nois which seem to me to be incorrect. I
think he has not correctly stated the number
of colonelcies which shall be open to volun-
teers outside of the Veteran Reserve corps
and tlie colored troops. In the first place
there are the six new cavalry regiments, for
which colonels are to be provided.
Mr. FAIIXSWORTH. Two of those regi-
ments are to be colored regiments.
Mr. PAINE. Then there are four new cav-
alry regiments, at any rate. Then there are
eighteen new infantry regiments for which col-
onels are to be appointed.
Mr. FAIIXSWORTH. How does the gen-
i1 tlenian make out the eighteen new infantry
regimeuts
Mr. PAINE. There are now nine regiments
