is m.
THE CONGRESSiOMAL GLQIE.
Mr. WILSON. They have the right of
voting, absolutely, in Massachusetts.
Mr. COWAN. "Absolutely" if they can
read the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON. The same as white men.
Mr. COWAN. Then it is not absolute even
for a white man. That is the liberality of the
reformers of the present age. After all this
talk of political power and how it ought to be
divided among men, how every man great and
small, wise and foolish, should have his share
of it, a poor devil who cannot write has none
at all in Massachusetts. The honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio ought to have been reminded
of that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Colored men vote in our
State on the same terms with white people.
Mr. COWAN. Exactly. You put your
restraints not only upon negroes but upon
whites; but where is the restraint to be put on
the people down South? You do not put any
limitation there. You do not say to them, '' If
you lot the literary negroes vote you may have
all represented."
Mr. MORRILL. Suffrage is absolute in my
State—unlimited I may say.
Mr. CO WAN. I congratulate the honorable
Senator upon it; and now all I wish is that he
would go down to the Freedmen's Bureau—I
believe the transportation is free—and ship up
a hundred thousand negroes to Maine ; take a
hundred thousand of them there; I have no
doubt they would be well treated. Then these
philanthropic people would have an opportu-
nity to exercise their skill. They would have an
opportunity there to educate them and develop
them, and they would see after awhile exactly
what they could get out of them. If that wore
done, I could understand the philosophy of a
movement like this. I believe I shoulcl agree
to almost any new proposition if sufficient evi-
dence was given to me that the people who
urged it were honest in their designs, and had
not some covert advantage which they expected
lurking behind it. If Massachusetts had as
many negroes as South Carolina, I could well
understand her advocacy of this as being from
the purest motives; but when I find her saying
"You take the possum and I will take the tur-
key, or I will take the turkey and you take the
possum," I do not understand that kind of talk
to be fair.
And, Mr. President, I am opposed on prin-
ciple to meddling with Jliis matter. I am op-
■posed to it again on the ground that to me it
looks to be unjust, unfair, taking an unfair
advantage of people at an improper time. Is
this a time to amend the Constitution? I ask
honorable Senators if in their opinion this is
a time when the Constitution can be amended
well and properly, because, as I understand it,
if we are to amend the Constitution we must
amend it in such a way as to be satisfactory to
the people everywhere, not merely the people
of Massachusetts or the people of Michigan,
but to the people of Georgia and the people
of Louisiana, to the people of all the States.
Does any man want an amendment to the Con-
stitution forced through here under circum-
stances of ^his kind, against people who are
unable to resist, against people whom you will
not hear, and in the face of a numerical major-
ity in the country against you? Do you sup-
pose that is going to be beneficial? I ask in
all sober earnestness, is there anybody who
supposes that that will be for the benefit of
the country?
Again, suppose you pass this amendment
to the Constitution, and suppose the southern
States either for the purpose of getting them-
selves into line with you or for the purpose of
increasing their political power under it, should
admit the negro to the franchise, will your
children and your homes and your govern-
ments be the more secure for that? What is
the difficulty under which you labor to-day?
Js it that you have not voters enough? Is it
that the food upon which the demagogue fat-
tens has grown scarce and he has grown thin ?
Or is it the reverse? Is it not because dema-
goguism is rife everywhere; and is not dema-
goguism rife just in proportion as you furnish
it the material upon which to work? Degrade
your franchise, put it down in the hands of
men who have no intelligence, no virtue, and,
what is worst of all, no independence—put it
into the hands of men who have nothing to
hope from it except in so far as they can use
it for corrupt purposes, and shall we be safer
then, I ask? Do you suppose-that the people
of the States in which there are negroes will
send you more intelligent, more learned, more
virtuous, and more independent Senators and
Representatives here if you make this change
than they would without?
Mr. WILSON. They will send more loyal
men.
Mr. COWAN. "Loyal.'; What is "loyal?"
I ask Massachusetts what is "loyal?" What
is the meaning of the word ? A fellow that
votes with you! That is like the chap defining
" orthodox"—"orthodox is the way I believe ;
heterodox is the way the other man believes."
"Loyal" means an abolitionist, I suppose.
At least I find that everybody who does not
happen to be an abolitionist or tarred with that
stick, is said to be disloyal. Loyalty, Mr.
President, is a very simple word. Loyalty
means obedience to the laws. It means legal-
ity. Lcgalis meant law as well as lex meant
it. When a man alleges his loyalty to me, let
me see his reverence for the Constitution and
the laws. Show mo a man who disregards
either; show mo a man who does not believe
in the Constitution which brought this country
to such a pitch of prosperity l'or seventy-five
years and made us so great and so happy a
people ; show me a man that lays sacrilegious
hands upon that instrument, especially when
I know that half the time he does not under-
stand it and that he never read a commentary
upon it in his life; show me that man, and I
show you one who is not loyal. Show me a
man who for a temporary advantage, either for
himself or his party, would set a foot upon one
of his country's laws, and he is not loyal.
It is time we were beginning to understand
the meaning of words in this country. It is
time, now that the war is over, when passion
has subsided and when reason ought to come
back and resume her throne, that we ourselves
should be reasonable. Let us look at this in
the light of the past; let us look at it calmly
and coolly as we survey it in bygone thousands
of years, not as it looks to the eye blood-shot
with passion, red with a rage that is hardly
dying out. Let the lower stock indulge in pas-
sion if it is to be indulged in ; but here in this
the highest forum of the nation; here where,
if anywhere, there should bo justice and fair-
ness, and that broad view over the whole coun-
try which takes it all in and which considers
all the people as the people, virtuous, intelli-
gent, independent enough to govern the coun-
try ; let us hero bo reasonable, and especially
let us know the meaning of our words.
Mr. President, I have another objection to
this measure, and that is to that section which
imposes a punishment upon people who have
not been heard and who have not been tried
and who have not been convicted according to
law. If there is one thing above every other
thing necessary to the maintenance of personal
liberty—I mean your liberty, my liberty, and
the liberty of every man, great and small, noble
and ignoble—it is that no man shall be con-
demned until he is heard. Who could have
dreamed that men educated as we have been,
impregnated as we ought to be with the love
of English literature, English law, and English
history, could stand hero for one moment and
sanction a proposition of this kind, and par-
ticularly when we look back and see the con-
sequences which fell upon them from their bills
of attainder; and their bills of attainder were —
well, I was going to say they were right com-
pared to this, but that is not the word; they
were not the one thousandth part as reprehen-
sible as this, because when they undertook to
inflict punishment through the medium of the
Legislature, they took the criminal and named
him by name; they described him, so that, he
could be known; they did not attempt to throw
a drag-net over the whole country $nd to sweep
in thousands of people and ostracize them, or
punish them, make them eternal enemies.
Mr. President, if I wanted to sow the seeds
of another rebellion, if I wanted to plant that
fatal upas in this country, I would do it by
means of just such a clause as that which de-
prives all men of the right to hold office who
ever took an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, and that without hear-
ing them, without inquiring how they engaged
in the rebellion, whetherthey were commanded
in by a superior authority that they could not
resist, whether they were forced in by actual
physical force, whether they were deluded in, or
how they got in. What, sir, punish such people!
I have no word that will convey my sense of
the impropriety and impolicy, to say no worse,
of such a provision as that.
When I reflect upon the conduct of this Gov-
ernment toward those men at the very time
when it should have been on the ground to
rescue them, I am more and more astonished
at our own folly in uttering a word upon such
a subject. They owed allegiance to this Gov-
ernment. Did it owe them nothing? It owed
them protection. Did it protect thein? What
did it do? Many of the Senators within the
sound of my voice know that on the 4th day
of March, 1861, when we came here, the Uni-
ted States, the great protector of the people,
the sovereign authority of the land, that to
which they all looked, and had a right to look,
to preserve them their freedom of opinion at
least upon subjects of this kind—that Govern-
ment was that day ignominionsly out of pos-
session of seven States of the Union; had its •
feet on but two points in those States, I be-
lieve, Pickens and Sumter. Those were the
only two points in the seven States that wore
held; and held how? So far from being
able to protect the people, those places were
scarcely able to protect themselves, and Sum-
ter certainly was not.
Did wc go to the rescue? Did the Govern-
ment go and fulfill its part of the contract?
Did it give them protection? History answers.
No, sir, they were allowed to be driven into
that vortex of rebellion, nobody to stand be-
tween them and the current that was sweeping
everything with it. They were in, and now,
because they were in and because they were
in on account of the neglect of this Government
to give them the protection they deserved, they
are to be punished. It is time we looked at
it. Why should we not look at it? Are we
afraid to look it in the face? Are we afraid to
do right? Can we not now " be just and fear
not?"
Mr. President, let me suppose a case. An
old man lives in the South, an old Whig if you
please, strugglingfor the last thirty years against
secession, fighting it in all its shapes from nul-
lification down, voting for Bell and Everett, if
you please, in 1800, or voting for Mr. Doug-
las, because I suppose that everybody admits
that those who then voted for those men were
not disunionists, were not secessionists.
That old man sits there surrounded by his
family and surrounded by his slaves; slaves
that were born beside him, slaves perhaps that
his own mother nursed when she nursed him;
slaves that he loved; slaves that he was kind
to, and slaves that to-day would go to him for
a favor perhaps far sooner than to anybody
else. There he is, surrounded by his sons and
his daughters. In December, 18G0. a messenger
comes in, a son, if you please, and he says,
" Father,the State has seceded." "The State
seceded! What! Gone out of the Union!
Oh, we'11 see about that. Where is the United
States? Where are the United States officers?
We shall have a halter about these fellows'
nocks before they know what they are doing.
Seceded! Gone out of the Union ! We'll see
aboutthat.'' The old fellow bustles about, and
while he is bustling about- another son comes
in and says, "They have taken all the forts
except Sumter, and all the United States offi-
cers are out of commission, every one ; those
