1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Brorawc.il, Bundy, Chanler,Cook,
Cullom, "Culver,' Darling, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Dumont, Farnsworth, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Aaron Harding,
Harris. Hayes, Henderson. Hill, HoKan, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Xlubbell, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kuy-
kendall, Le Blond, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough,
Mclndoe, Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy, Rogers, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Francis Thomas, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Winfield, and
Wright—59.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ALLISON said: I would inquire of the
Chair if the joint committee on resonstruc-
tion is not authorized to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question on the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. RITTER. Will the gentleman from
Pensylvania [Mr. Stevens] withdraw that
motion for a moment ?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
leave of absence.
Mr. RITTER. I ask leave of absence for
my colleague, Mr. Grider, for the remainder
of the session.
Leave was granted.
provost marshal general's bureau.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask consent to sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House twenty thousand extra copies of the report
relative to General Fry, without the testimony.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
pension bills.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions two pension bills.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. BAKER, i ask my colleague [Mr.
Ross] to withdraw his objection. One of
these cases is that of a soldier who is stone-
blind and dependent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to anything
until the Representatives from Tennessee are
admitted to their seats.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. R. No. 300) for the payment
of the public debt, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
adjournment.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 53, noes 63.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 71, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. A.!lev, Allison. Baxter, Benja-
min, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Eliot, Anion Harding, Ab-
ner 0. Harding, Hare, Higby, Holmes, Ilotchkiss,
A:-ah el \Y. Hubbard, Humphrey, Inajersoll, Jenekes,
Johnson, Kelley, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, McRuer,
Mereur, Morrill, Moulton, Price, John H. Ricc,
Rousseau. Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield. Shellabarger,
Stevens, Trowbridge, Van Acrnam, Waid, Welker,
Wentworth, Williams, James K Wilson, Stephen F.
"Wilson, and Window—19.
KAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Ba-
ker, Banks, Bingham, Buekland, Reader W. Clarke,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrces, Delano, Doming,
Donnellv, Driggs, Kckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Far-
ouliar. Ferry. Fmck, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard. James R.Hubbell, Hulburd, Kerr, Iiet-
chuiu, Koontz, Lailin,Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear. Marston,
McKee Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Newell,
TS?bla&, Nicholson, Xoell O'Neill.Oith,Pike, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall Ray-
mond. Alexander H. Ricq, Ritter, Rollins, Ross,
Shanklin, Sltgreaves, Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Tay-
lor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
William B, Washburn, Whaley, and Woodbridge—71.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames," Ancona, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bid-
well,Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Dumont, 1'arnsworth, Garfield, Glossbrenncr, Good-
year, Glider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hayes,
Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kelso,
Kuykendall, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough, Meln-
doe, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Pom-
eroy, Rogers, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Francis
Thomas, Upson, Burt Van'Horn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Winfield, and Wright—62.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PAINE, said: I am paired with Mr.
Hale on this and similar questions. If he were
here he would vote "no," and I would vote
"ay."
The result of the vote was stated as above
recorded.
tennessee—again.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion in relation to Tennessee was recommitted
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 71, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 54, noes 56.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 68, not voting
68 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baker, Bax-
ter, Benjamin, Boutwell, Broomall, Sidney Clarke.
Cobb, Conkling, Davis, Driggs, Eliot. Aaron Hard-
ing, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Ilotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingcrsoll, Jenekes, Kelley,
Loan, Lynch, McClurg, MoRuer. Mercur, Morrill,
Moulton, Perham, Price, John H. Rico, Sawyer,
Schenelc, Scofield, Shellabureer, Stevens, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Ward, Welker, Went-
worth, and James F. Wilson—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Bingham, Boyer, Buekland, ReaderW. Clarke. Dawes,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Eeklcy,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Farquliar, Ferry, Fi nek. Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard. James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Ket-
cham.Koontz, Laflin, Latham. George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear, Marston,
Miller, Mooibead, Morris, Myers, Newell, Niblaeli,
Nicholson, Nocll, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
Ritter,Rollins, Ross, Slianklin, Sltgreaves, Spalding,
Strouse, Taber, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Burt Van
Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D.Wash-
burn. Whaley, and Woodbridge—68.
NOT VOTlN0—Mesois. Aneona, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Bromwell. Bundy, Chanler, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Dumont, Fainswortll, Garfield. Glo^sbrenner, Good-
year, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris. Hayes,
Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Demas Hubbard,Jidwm Jf.
Hubbell, Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kuykendall,
Marshall, Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe, Melvee,
Paine, Patterson, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy. William
H. Randall, Rogers, Rousseau, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell. Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson,
Elihu B. Washburno. William B. Washburn. U ll-
liams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Wright—b8.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be put, on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 34, not voting
177; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Bingham, Boyer. Buekland, Conk-
ling, Davis, Dawson, Delano, Doming. Donnelly,
Eeklcy, Eggleston. Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Fmck,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
JamcsR. Hubbell, Hulburd, Johnson, Kerr, Ketcbam,
; Koontz, Lafiin. Latham, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
I liam Lawrence, LeBlond, Marshall, Marston, Mc-
| Ruer, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Newell,
I Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps,
Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. R-iee, Ritter, Kollins, Ross,
Shellabarger, Sltgreaves, braiding, Strouse, Taber,
Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D.
Washburn, and Whaley—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, -Baxter, Boutwell,
Bromwell,-Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Driggs,
Eliot, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Iligby, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoil, Jenekes, Kelley, Loan, Lynch,
McClurg, Mereur, Morrill, Moulton, Perham, Saw-
yer, Stevens, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Ward,
Wentworth, Williams, James P. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—34.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, James M.Ash-
ley. Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen,
Bidwell, Blaine. Blow-, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling,
Dawes, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Farus-
worth, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kuykendall, Longyear,
Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe, McKee, Paine, Pat-
terson, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William H.Randall,
Rogers, Rousseau, Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin,Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Francis Thomas, Trimble,
Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Wright—77.
So the main question was ordered, whieh was
on reconsidering the vote by which the joint
resolution had been recommitted to the com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. SPALDING, (at five o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m.j I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BINGH AM. I hope that the motion to
reconsider will be agreed to, so that I may olfer
a substitute for the original bill, have the sub-
stitute ordered to be printed, and call the pre-
vious question. Then the House can adjourn,
and this question will come up in the morning
as unfinished business.
Mr. "WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he intends to press this bill
to a vote to-night.
Mr. BIN'GtiAM. If the arrangement I have
suggested be agreed to, I do not; otherwise I
do.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether he intends to
allow any debate upon this proposition, ttr to
permit any amendment to be offered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to
hearing the gentleman's argument in the morn-
ing ; but I prefer that the previous question
shall be called, this evening.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to know whether
the preamble has been sufficiently sugar-coated
for the majority of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I leave that to be decided
by the House when the vote shall be taken.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Ohio. We on
tiiis side have stood by him upon principle in
bringing up this matter ; and I hope that when
we reach a point where the vote can be taken,
the gentleman will not consent that the House
shall adjourn. We will stand by him clear
through. Let us have Tennessee in.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question has been seconded and
the main question ordered. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] moves that the
House adjourn.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
45, noes Gl.
Mr. PRICE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 63, not voting
7G; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baker, Baxter,
Boutwell, Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Driggs,
Eliot, Fainsworth, Aaron Harding. Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahel V,.
Hubbard. Jenekes, Kelley, Loan, Lynch, McClurg,
Mereur, Morrill, Moulton, Perham, Puce. Jobn a.
Ricc, Ritter, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Sh ell&bareei,
Stevens, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Welker, Wentworth, WilUarus, James F. Wilson,
and Woodbridge—43. _ . _ . ,.
"NTAYS—Mes?r=5.-Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Jiing-
ham, Boyer, Buekland, Davis, Dawson; petrees,
Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Leklcy, Egglestoi , M-
dridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Fmck, Hooper. Cnestor D.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
