1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
Francisco to Humboldt bay, in the State of
California.
Mr. CONNESS. When the Senate last acted
upon this bill it adopted the amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on Public Lands, who
recommended its passage; but there are a few
verbal errors in names which I should like to
have the privilege of correcting with the Clerk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cler-
ical errors will be corrected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. NESMITH. T move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. r s.
Mr. NYE. I should like to make an appeal
to the Senator from Oregon to let us take up
Senate bill No. 74,, for the admission of Col-
orado.
Mr. NESMITH. I should like to accom-
modate the Senator, but this bill will not occupy
two minutes, ft is a local bill. _ -n /a
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 58) granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in' the construction of a military road
from Corvallis to the Acquima, bay was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to grant to the State of Oregon,
to aid in the construction of a military wagon
road from the town of Corvallis to the Acquima
bay, alternate sections of public lands, desig-
nated by odd numbers, for four sections in
width on each side of the road. The lands
granted are to be exclusively applied in the con-
struction of the road, and to be disposed of only
as the work progresses. All lands heretofore
reserved by the United States by act of Con-
gress, or other competent, authority, are to be
reserved from the operation of the act, except
so far as it may be necessary to locate the route
of the road through them, in which case the
right, of way is granted.
The lands granted are to be disposed of by the
Legislature of Oregon for the purpose stated,
and for no other; and the road is lobe and
remain a public highway for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, free from tolls
or other charges upon the transportation of any
property, troops, or mails of the United States.
The road is to be constructed with such gradu-
ation and bridges as to permit of its regular use
as a wagon road, and in such other special
manner as the State of Oregon may^proscribe.
The lands hereby granted to the State are to
be disposed of only in the following manner:
a quantity of land not exceeding forty sections
may be sold; and when the Governor of the
State shall certify to the Secretary of the In-
terior that any ten continuous miles of the road
are completed, then another quantity of land
not to exceed forty sections may be sold, and
so from time to time until the road is com-
pleted ; and if the road be not completed within
five years, no further sales are to be made, and
the land remaining unsold is to revert to the
United States.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was in line six of sec-
tion one, after the words "alternate sections
of" to insert "unoccupied," so as to read, "al-
ternate sections of unoccupied public lands."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in line seven, to
strike out, the word ': four'' and insert the word
"three." so as to read, "designated by odd
numbers for three sections in width on each
side of said road."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in scction four,
lines four and eight, to strike out forty and ;
insert "'thirty,' so as to read, "that a quantity
of land not, 'exceeding thirty sections may be ;
soi d." !
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GUI MES. I should like to inquire of ;
the Senator from Oregon how much land we t
appropriate by this bill for the completion of
this wagon road.
Mr. NESMITH. The bill as amended ap-
propriates alternate sections of unoccupied
public lands, designated by odd numbers, for
three sections in width on each side of the
road; that is, it appropriates the alternate
sections for three miles on either side of the
road, equal to a continuous grant of three
miles. ., „
Mr. GRIMES. That is, six miles wide ?
Mr. NESMITH. It grants alternate sections
six miles wide. I will state for the further in-
formation of the Senator that this road is about
sixty miles long. About thirty miles of it is
through a settled country where there can be
no benefit from the land grant. The other thirty
miles is a mountainous region where the land
is comparatively of no value; but if the road
is made, and it is thrown open to settlement, it
will probably enhance the value of the land;
but at present it is not regarded as of any par-
ticular value.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. NESMITH. T observe a clerical error,
that the word "Acquima" is spelt wrong in
the bill; it should be " Aquina."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 20.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 20) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and a telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast, by the southern route.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. BROWN. There arc several amend-
ments reported by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad to this bill. _ I do not know whether
it is worth "while to go into them at this moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it stand over and come
up in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I will let it stand over as the
unfinished business for the morning hour to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The bill will
be laid aside by common conscnt.
representation of southern states.*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired within but a moment,
the Chair will call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the following resolution,
upon which the Senator from. JNrevada [Mr.
Nye] is entitled to the floor:
Resolved bv the House of UepresenMive«,(the Senate
concurring.) That 111 order to close agitation upon a
question which seom« likely to disturb the action 01
th ' "     
question wuiuii
tW Government, a* well as to quiet the uncertainty
which is agitating the minds of the people ot the
eleven States which liavo been declared to bo 111 in-
suriection, no Senator or Representative_sha'l be
admitted into either branch of Congress from any
of said States until Congress "hall havedeclaredsucli
State entitled to such representation.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, in striking a ring,
hit it where we may, we strike it in the center.
It is thus with the manifold questions before
the country. They are so blended, so inter-
woven with each other by inseparable connec-
tion, that hazard may_be incurred by giving
too much prominence in one direction, more
especially if we fail to comprehend at the
same time what is of equal importance in an-
other. We arc -fallen on times and emergen-
cies that have complicated questions beyond
all past precedent. If ever there was a time
that required rational deliberation, that time is
now. I need not say there will _be_ much and
wide disparity of opinion, for it is unavoid-
able. Allow me to venture the suggestion, sir,
that in the midst of our manifold embarrass-
ments and difficulties there is and can be but
one rule of conduct that will carry us yately
through; and that is, a firm adherence to sim-
ple principle.
In approaching the subject or questions be-
fore the Senate I will net attempt to travel anew
over the battle-fields where loyalty has success-
fully combatted treason. Though we cannot
avoid the tearful memory of our young men,
sacrificed in defense of the nationality, or more
inhumanly murdered in confederate prisons,
duty requires us to act, not from the force of
resentment for the past, but security for the
future. We cannot forget, nor should we, that
we are now contemplating the cause of a con-
flict that has filled the land with widows and
orphans; nor, Mr. President, whatever the in-
clination, will we be allowed to forget the vast
accumulation of public debt that will bang fof
years like an incubus on the toil and industry
of the country. It is no time now to gloss over
or attempt to palliate the motives in which the
rebellion originated. It is now necessary that
we should take these motives into strict ac-
count, not only for the purposeof'dealing with
the present, but also for the purpose of under-
I standing the better how to guard the future.
It has been said by a prominent Unionist of
1 the South that "the motives of the treason
should be stamped on the future history of the
war." With that sentimeirtfl concur. If ours
has been the cause of justice defending itself
against the machinations of injustice; if ours
was the cause of humanity defending itself
against brutality; if ours was the cause of Chris-
tian civilization defending itself against a rem-
nant of barbarism transmitted from a pagan
age; and if there has also mingled in the con-
flict a contention over the fundamental princi-
ples of government, it is well that the world
should know it. If Richard Cobden, of Eng-
land, truthfully characterized the revolt when
he pronounced it "an aristocratic rebellion
against a democratic Government," it is essen-
tial that our whole people should bo_ made to
comprehend the nature of the conflict. If it
has thus far been a battle between the opposing
principles of aristocracy on the one hand and
democracy on the other, then, sir, I will as-
sume that the settlement should be made and
a finality enforced in accordance with the exact
issue on which the battle has thus far been
fought.
A southern Unionist, who watched the prog-
ress of treason and analyzed its motives from
an inside view, has given the theory of the re-
I bellion in these words:
"Separation from the North; tho abrogation of
the democratic principle in southern.polities; tiio
institution of government through a privileged class,
making such government the agency to perpetuate
slavery," .
Our countrymen will be slow to believe that
such atrocity as this was embraced in tho rebel
programme. To induce such belief would re-
quire that irrefragable evidence which left no
room to doubt. To make the indictment for
such political crime as this would almost sur-
pass belief. To prove it true, nothing less than
the declarations of the rebels themselves will
answer ; we must, therefore, allow them to be
the expositors of their own meaning. Much of
the evidence I shall adduce has been captured
as prisoner of war. I will bring to the atten-
tion of the Senate a letter of Mr. Gamett, of
Virginia, to Mr. Treseott, of South Carolina,
written in 1851. This letter was captured by
General Hunter in the early part of the war at
the residence of Mr. Treseott, on Barnwell's
Island. It is as follows:
Virginia Convextiox, May 3,1831.
MvDkvb Sir: You misunderstood my ':1;/ letter
if vou supposed that I intended to visit Caio-
lina this spring. .1 am exceedingly ot
your kmdinvitauons, and it would afford mo thuufjtt
cstplcasurcto interchange mperson, sentiments with
i fnrrui whose manner of thinking so closely agices
with my own. But my engagemcntsheiccloselycon-
finc me to this eitv, and deny me sucha gry ti .leation.
filLCm°,^ be especially .lad to ™.Chiton next
the Southern Bights Associations, the, condition of
th?ng*?n your State deeply interests me ; her wise lore-
si"hf;md manlv independence have placed her at tho
hood of the South, to whom alone mic-.iearted men
can look w ith any hope or pleas ire. Jomentnu.- ;,i o
the consequences which depend upon your action.
Which party will prevail: the immediate seee-siou-
ists, orthose who are ow«  ed tu s^.aiatc bta„c action
atthis time? For my pari, I loroear to torm a Wisil.
