TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to me a moment ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose ?
Mr. HIGBY. To offer an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will hear
it read.
The Clerk read the amendment; which was
to add to the resolution the following:
Resolved further, That a standing committee of nine
members, to be called the Committee on Mines and
Mining, be appointed, who shall consider and report
on all guestions relative to mines and mining that
may be referred to them.
Mr. HIGBY. I will say that last session the
Senate established a committee of precisely the
character I have indicated.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman had attended to the reading of the res-
olution, he would have seen that the same reso-
lution which provides for the adoption of the
rules also provides for a committee to report
any further rules. I suggest to him that if this
resolution shall pass, and that committee be
appointed—as it will be—he can present this
rule, which he proposes, to its consideration,
and there will be no question about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire whether it is in order to discuss
the motion which is pending.
The SPEAKER. It is; the previous ques-
tion not having been moved.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I renew
my demand for the previous question upon the
resolution.
Mr. HIGBY. I will not press the matter
now.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
- Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote last taken be reconsidered; and also
liioved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion wa^ agfeed to.
NOTIFICATION TO THE SENATE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
' the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a message be sent to tho Senate, in-
forming that body that a quorum of the House has
assembled, and elected Schuyler, Colfax, one of the
Representatives from tho State of Indiana, Speaker,
and is now ready to proceed to business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote last taken be reconsidered ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider do lie on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE TO -WAIT ON THIS PRESIDENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three bo appointed,
on tho part of the House, to join such committee as
may be appointed on tho part of tho Senate, to wait
upon the President of the United States, to inform
him that a quorum of the two Houses of Congress has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to receive any
communication ho may make.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Washburxe of Illinois, Mr. Buooks, and Mr.
Kixley, as such committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote last taken bo reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRADE OF GENERAL,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to give notice of the introduction of a bill to
revive the grade of general in the United States
Army.
The SPEAKER. That will have to be done
in writing, under the rule.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am re-
fueated by the Secretary of State to ask the
Eouse to listen to a telegraphic dispatch which
he has just received.
No objection being made, the dispatch was
read, as follows:
Montgomery, Alabama, December 2,1865.
Hon. William II. Sewap.d :
The amendment is adopted by an overwhelming
vote. I will send you an authenticated copy at an
early day. Please see that Alabama is announced as
the twenty-seventh State. L. E. PARSONS.
The reading of the resolution was followed
by applause in the Hall and galleries.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and call the previous question upon it:
Resolv'ed by the Senate atvd House of Representatives
in Congress assembled, That a.joint eonimittcc of fifteen
members shall be appointed, nine of whom shall be
members of thcHouse and six members uf the Senate,
who shall inquire into the condition of the States which
formed the so-called confederate States of America,
and report whether they or any of them arc entitled
to be icprcsented in cither House of Congress, with
leave to report at any time by bill or otherwise; and
until such report shall have been made and finally
acted upon by Congress, no member shall be received
into either House from any of tho said so-called eon-
federate States; and all papers relating to the repre-
sentation of the said States shall be referred to the
said eommittce without debate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to allow me to oifer an
amendment, to insert the words "and all reso-
lutions touching the question." [Cries of " Oh,
no!"]
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. Has unanimous consent
been given for the introduction of the resolu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I object to its introduc-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules
so as to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
129, nays 35, not voting 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, liaker, Baldwin, Hanks, Baxter,
Beuman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Ib'andogeo, Bromwcll, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Header \Y. Clarke, Sidney Clark, Cobb. Conk-
ling, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Barling, Davis, Bawes,
Defrecs, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Ecklcy, Egglcston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Griimell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
H ayes,Higby, Hill, Holmes, Iloopei, Hotchkiss,Asahei
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
JohnH.Hubbard, JamesII. Hubbell,Hulburd, James
Humphrey, Itigersoll, Jcnekes, Julian, Kasson, Kel-
lcy, Kelso, Ketchum, Kuykcndall, Laflin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, Lynch, Marvin, MeClur-t, MeXndoe, McKee,
McRuci, Mercur, Millei, Moorhead, M')t nil, Monis,
Moulton, Myers, New ell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patter-
son, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plimts, Ponieroy, Price,
Alexander H. Itice, John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schcnck, Scofield, Shcllabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Thayer. John L.Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn,llobertT. Van
Horn, Ward, Warncr, Elihu-B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn. Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—12*1.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Lover, Brooks,
Chanler, Dawson, Denton, Eidridge, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Iiogan,
Edwin N. Hnbbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
LeBlond, Marshall, McCullough, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Radlord, Samuel J. Randall, Kilter, Rogers,
Itoss, Strousc, Tabor.To.ylor, Thornton, Trimble, Win-
field, and Wright—S3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Farquhar, Garfield, Harris, Henderson, Jones, Kerr,
Marston, William H. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Sitgrcavcs, Smith, Stillwell, Francis Tho-
mas, and Voorhees—18.
So, (two thirds voting in favor thereof,) the
resolution was received.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to inquire if it would
not be in order to move to postpone the res-
olution until after the receipt of the President's
message?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if
the previous question were not sustained.
Sir. DAWSON. Then I move to lay the
resolution on the table; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and ifc was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 133, not voting
12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Dawson, Denison, Eidridge, linck, GIoss-
brenner, Goodyear, Giidoi, Aaron Harding, Iiogan,
Edwin N. Iluobell, James M. Humphrey. Johnson,
George V. Lawrencc, Le Blond, Marshall, McCul-
lough, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Radibrd, Samuel
J. Randall, Rittcr, Rogers, llo&s. Siianklin, Strousc,
Tabor, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Winfieid, and
Wright—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow,
lioutweli, Brandegee, Bromwcll, Broomal I, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Claikc, Sidney Clark, Cobb, Conk-
. ling. Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
-Dofrecs, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont. Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, larnsworUi, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Grmneli, Griswold, Hale, Abner C.
Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asalicl W. Hubbard. Chester
D. Hubbard, IK1 - Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James R. Hub boll, ltnlburd, James Humphrey, In-
gersoil, , Jcnekes, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Kelso,
Ketchum, Kuykcndall, Laflin, J jatham, U iliiam Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
(Ilurg, Melndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorliead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps,
Piko, Plants, Poineioy, Price, William 11. Randall,
Alexander H. Bice, John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Selienek, Scofield, Shollabarger, Sloan.Smith, Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Stillwel!, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, L'p^on, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Wclker, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, James 1<\ WIN on, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—133.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos 11. Ashley, Blaine,
Garfield, Hanis, Ilait, Jones, Keir, Raymond, Rous-
seau, Sitgrcaves, Francis Thomas, and Voorhees—12.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question then recurred upon seconding
the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the concurrent resolution submitted by
Mr. Stevens.
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 36, not vot-
ing 13 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Barker, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Bran-
degee, Bromwcll, Bioomall, Buckland, Bundy, Ileader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clark, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dcfrees, Delano,
Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eekloy,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farnswoith, Ferry, Garficid, Giin-
ricil:Grisv.'oi.'i, Hale, Abner 0. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Hill. Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I). Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Ilulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoil, Jcnekes, Ju-
lian, Kasson. Kclley, Kelso, Ketchum, Kuykcndall,
Laflin, Latham, Gcuige V. Lawienco, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin,
McClurg, Molndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, ,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rieo, John 11. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schcnck, Seofield, Siiellabargcr, Smith, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Stillwell, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
RobertT. Vran Horn, \\ ard, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Welker, Wentwoith,"Whaley, Williams. James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge— 133.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finek, Glcss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Hogan,
James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Le Blond, Me-
Cullouirh, Niblaek, Xirinn.-o;), Noell, Radlord, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sit-
grcaves, Strousc, Tabor, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble,
Winfield. and Wright—S>.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos II. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Blaine, Farquhar, Harris, Edwin N. HubbeH,
Jones, Marshall, Plants, Rousseau, Sloan, Francis
Thomas, Voorhees, and William B. Washburn—13.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho concurrent resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table. •
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCIiENCK moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. NIB LACK. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Scuenck] to withdraw that motion,
in order to give me an opportunity to ofi'er a
resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot do it.
'Ilic question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and there were—avos iifty-eight, noes
not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn,
