2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 37, noes 54; no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 58, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Baker, Baldwin, Bidwell,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, Buekland, Chanler,
Conkling, Davis, Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Farquhar, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Good
at. jvciioj, ivcjcu, ajuu.ii, isiuv/iurg,lucxvuer,
Miller, Moorbead, Morris, Myers, Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Sog-
ers, Spalding, Taber, Francis Thomas, Van Aernain,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Went-
worth, Williams, and Wright—ol.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Barker, Baxter, Benja-
min, Bingham, Boyer, Bundy, Deming, Dixon, Driggs,
Farnsworth, Ferry, iinck, Hale. Abner C. Harding,
Henderson, Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 3.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Ketch-
am, Kuykendall, (xeorge V. Lawrence, Longyear,
Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McKee, Mereur,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Price, William H. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Sehenck,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stevens, Stilwell,
Taylor, Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson, Elihu B. Wash-
fourne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whaley, and Woodbridge—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Bromwcll, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney CJarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Cook. Cullom. Culver,
Barling, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Denison, Dumont,
Eckley, Eliot, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris,
Hart, Higby, Hill, llotchkiss, Bemas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, JamesR. Hubbell, James Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Lafhn, Latham, William Lawrence,Le Blond,
McCulIough, M clndoe, Morrill, Moulton, N oell, Orth,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Alexander-
H. Rice, Rousseau, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanklin, Sloan,
Starr, Strouse, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
Warner, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Winfield—74.
So the amendment was disagreed to. *
During the roll-call,
Mr. INGERSOLL stated that he was paired
with Mr. J. L. Thomas.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was rejected ;
and also moved to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the am&ndment
proposed by Mr. Coxkung to add to the sec-
tion the following proviso:
Provided, That all officers of the existing Veteran
Reserve corps, except those now actually detailed
for duty in the Freedmen's Bureau or otherwise
actually and necessarily employed, shall, upon the
passage of this act, be mustered out of service and
put upon the same footing with other disabled ofii-
eers not now in service.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Boutwell
in the chair.) On this amendment the main
question is ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment. And I call attention
to the fact that the previous question exhausted
itself on the amendment preceding this.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair,
upon reflection, thinks that the previous ques-
tion has exhausted itself and does not cover
this amendment. The Clerk is of a different
opinion, and the Chair followed that.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was not understood that
the previous question covered thisamendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
rules that the amendment is open to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would it be in order to
stop discussion on this section? I have no j
objection to amendments being offered and ]
voted upon. j
The SPEAKER, (resuming the chair.) The !
House is not in Committee of the Whole, and
debate is limited to fifteen minutes. The pre-
vious question being applied to any section cuts
off any member from, amending it. You pass
by the section by the operation of the previous
question and go on to the next.
Mr. SCHENCK. My object is to stop the
interminable discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen may ar-
rive at that object if the House will consent that
debate shall be considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and allow fifteen minutes for and
against each amendment. Then, when debate
is closed on a section, amendments can be
offered and voted on, but not debated. Now,
the previous question cuts off both debate and
further amendment. Shall the rule be adopted
as in Committee of the Whole?
Several Members, Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
ruling of the Speaker pro tempore, [Mr. Bout-
well,] that debate was not cut off upon the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
CoxKLiJfG.] This proviso was reserved when
the previous question was demanded by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schejtok.]
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I do not see
the necessity of this amendment. The Depart-
ment can muster out at any time. And if after
you pass this bill you muster them out they
will all be entitled to three months' pay,
according to the law.
Mr. CONKLING-. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether he has taken the pains to
ascertain how many officers of the present corps
would be retained in the corps to be estab-
lished if an impartial distribution of commis-
sions takes place among all the wounded officers
and soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not taken anysuc?h
pains, because I do not see what it has to do
with the selection of officers impartially. That
is drawing lots, I suppose. Those who have the
appointment of them will select just whom they
chooSe,_ twenty, thirty, or forty, byname. And
as I said before, so much will be saved by
allowing them to stay in. If they are not
wanted they will be mustered out. I cannot
see any need of mustering all of them out and
letting them go home and draw three months'
pay, and then bringing in the same men again.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is merely singling out
these wounded officers of the Veteran corps,
and giving direction to the War Department to
do what they can do in other cases. Congress
has never done any such thing before. They
are all left under the operation of law to be
dealt with by the military authorities in the
same way. I do not understand why any such
discrimination should be made. Or if made in
this ease, I would suggest whether we might
not as well extend it to other officers and give
instructions as to the mustering out of other
arms of the service.
I demand the previous question on the
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope not without giv-
ing me an opportunity to state why I offered it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I supposed the gentleman
was through. I have made no special argu-
ment against it andl really wish to get through
this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to explain
in one word why I offered this amendment.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I move the pre-
vious question on the pending amendment.
Mr. CONKLING-. The gentleman, then,
refuses to allow an explanation to be made.
We will see whether we can carry out the
understanding of the House or not.
The question was taken on the demand for
the previous question; and there were—-ayes
31, noes 61.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to detain the
House but for a moment. And I wish first to
repel entirely the insinuation made again by
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs that any assault is intended upon these
wounded officers. It must have been repeated,
I think, for the benefit of the galleries here and
the galleries elsewhere; because I hope no
gentleman upon this floor is to be frightened
from his propriety or sense by the repetition
of a statement which has no foundation what-
ever in fact. An assault upon whom? The
House has consented to retain this provision
upon the guarantee—-for it comes to that—of
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs that impartiality, in theory and in sub-
stance, is to be preserved in the dispensation !
of these commissions. How? By putting upon !,
a par the wounded officers and soldiers of the |j
country; by not making a distinction in favor il
of those who for the past three years have been
enjoying what, in the parlance of the day, are
called " the soft places" in the Army. I say
that the House has consented to retain this
provision in the bill upon the assurance and
declaration that the bill is to be so modified as
to secure that impartiality.
This provision is offered merely to carry out
that understanding; merely to say that these
officers, except so far as they are now in some
way employed, shall be put simply upon a par,
fairly, with other officers disabled by disease or
wounds.
We are met by the chairman of the Com-
mitte on Military Affairs with the objection
that such a provision is unnecessary. I will
admit it for the sake of the argument. If it be
unnecessary certainly it will do no harm. Let
us put it in out of abundant caution, so that
wounded officers throughout the country, even
though they are not here in Washington, or
belonging to any organization keeping special
guard and watch over our legislation, may know
that they have the same opportunities as any-
body else. If this amendment is mere sur-
plusage it is harmless, and let it be adopted
for the sake of fair dealing, and to carry out
the understanding of the House.
The able gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
StevexsJ makes a practical suggestion; he
says that this amendment would involve some
expense. I beg to ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] whose fairness and
good judgment as exhibited on this floor I
I respect as a military man, whether it be true
that the mustering out of the service of ten,
twenty, or thirty of these men, assuming that
they would be reappointed, would involve any
expense whatever that would be appreciable or
| to be talked about? I will thank him to state
| to the House whether it would or would not.
; Mr. PAINE. In answer to an inquiry made
j by the gentleman some little time ago I replied
! that the expense of mustering out these officers
| would not be appreciable. But it did liot occur
I to me then that there would be the three months'
| pay due. I do not know now how that matter
| would stand. If that extra pay were involved
; of course it would be an additional expense;
but I do not know how that matter stands.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. William
J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
| House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, joint resolutions of the House No.
88, expressive of the thanks of Congress to Gen-
eral Winfield S. Hancock, and No. 108, appoint-
ing managers for the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a resolution (S. R.
No. 69) making an appropriation to enable the
President to negotiate treaties with certain In-
dian tribes, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
reorganization of the ahjiy again.
Mr.CONKLING. Everybody will see, assum-
ing that the three months' pay would be due,
that the expense would not be so great as if
we continued the regular pay of all these men
pending the selection. Again, I am informed
that a muster-out and a muster-in, as a simulta-
neous act, would not involve this three months'
pay-
Now, if I can get tile attention of the mem-
bers of this House, I ask them to consider for
a moment the utter insignificance of the ex-
pense of which we are speaking. I have had
a computation made, approximating certainly
as nearly as I can arrive at it by consulting
gentlemen who know, which shows that there
cannot be fewer than two hundred thousand
men and officers in the country who have
served in the armies of the Republic, and who
have become disabled by wounds or disease.
Now, in these ten regiments there are three
hundred and sixty commissions, or in the
proportion of about one commission to each
forty disabled officers -and soldiers in the coun-
try. So that if the distribution of these offices
