2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
that were true were frightened, and those who
did not want to give up their offices have been
threatened, and they have all resigned ; there
is no United States officer in South Carolina."
What then? Where is your Government there
to protect this man? He may have been a
member of your Congress. He may have taken
an oath to support the Constitution twenty
times. He may have been a member of this
body. What is he told? Where is ho to go ?
He says, "I will see about this." He is an
active, vigorous, energetic man, and ho comes
up here to Congress, and he finds Congress
sitting at this end of the avenue, he finds the
President sitting at the other end, and he tells
them " South Carolina has seceded; you are
out of possession; you cannot protect anybody;
the whole people there are at the mercy of these
secessionists. What are you going to do?"
What did you do at either end of the avenue?
Mr. HOWARD. Ask Mr. Buchanan.
Mr. COWAN. Yes, and ask that Congress
that sat here, too; ask that Congress did it pass
any bill to authorize him to put down the in-
surrection ; did it make any provision? The
history of that Congress is written. ''Well,"
the old man says, '' X cannot, do any good here;
these people seem to be all demented; they
have forgotten what the Government was or-
ganized for; they have forgotten its mission.
They seem to think it lias no function, that it.
is to remain seated hero and do nothing, and
that the people will still maintain their alle-
giance to it as against State governments and
confederate governments; however, this will
be all right, yet." He goes down home and
tells the boys and everybody that things will
be better after a little; that there is anew
President coming in ; that Congress and the
old President are lighting and have got to
loggerheads; one will not do this and the other
will not. do that, and both are waiting for some
new advent.
The 4th of March comes round. What is
done then? The new .President finds himself
here without an army, without a navy, without
a treasury, everything demoralized, everything
at sixes and sevens, and for six weeks neither
lie nor his Cabinet knew what, to do. What, is
the old man to do in the mean time? The stern
old patriot, good Union man, says, ''Never
mind ; things \> ill come right yet; after awhile
these people at the North will get. started and
then we will be set all right; the traitors will
be punished and we shall be protected." in
the meanwhile one of the boys comes in and
says, " Father, 1 have got lired of being called
a traitor; 1 cannot stand il any longer ; my
neighbors are joining companies ami regiments;
and I am sometimes actually in danger of being
mobbed when I go out; here are Vigilance Com-
mittee* and Precipitators ami Knights of the
Golden Circle, and il is hardly safe for a man
to go out ; but they have offered to make me
colonel it 1 will lake command of a regiment.
1 do not see that we have any hope at all; Mr.
Lincoln is not. going to do any better than Mr.
Jinehauan; here we have waited a whole month
ami he has not. done a thing; there have been
no supplies thrown into Sumter, no troops sent
there, no strengthening of that post; this is a
foregone conclusion ; can we look any longer
to the Federal Government? L'ohr months have
already passed; Iguessriltakethecolonelcy."
The old man says, "1 do not like that, but I
do not see very well what else you are to do;
if this thing shall succeed and you are not in
it, of course you will be damned forever and
spotted as a Tory down to the latest generation,
perhaps; I guess you had better go in." John
goes in and takes a colonelcy ; Jim goes in and
is made a major, and Ben is made a captain,
and so on ; and about the time that is done they
tiro on Sumter and the North is on fire. Armies
are in motion to go down and rescue these men
after they have been in the toils.
Well, lei us follow it a little further. Before
our armies get within one hundred miles of
this old man to protect him, to stand between
him and the secessionists, he finds posted up
On the wall a proclamation. What is that
proclamation? Why that he is a sinner, a man
who has violated a great moral law of God in
the universe in owning slaves, and that his
slaves that he owned, that he looked upon as
his property, that he believed were his prop-
erty, that had come to him from his father, if
you please, were freed.
" Now," says he, "that may be; but I always
thought that when a man committed a sin he
ought to knofc it. I do not understand slavery
to be a sin in itself. My father did not teach
me so ; my mother did not teach me so; the
church did not teach me so; our people all
around here did not believe so. Our people
thought slavery in itself was indifferent; that
if a master took a hundred negroes and made
them happier than they were before, wiser
than before, better than before, it was a virtue,
and if he took them and made them worse it
was a sin ; and who dares tell me that I have
been a sinner in this behalf? And what kind
of protection is this that a Government is to
afford me to allow the country to be covered
with war and desolation for months on account
of its neglect at the outstart, and then after
doing all this I am to be told, true as I have
been to the Constitution and the laws and the
flag, that J am a sinner and to be bereft of my
property? However, perhaps this is after all
right; this is a great Union and a great coun-
try. and we can afford great sacrifices for it,
and I will submit to this and be a Union man
still.'' Then after war is over, after peace has
come back, bis sons are disfranchised, or ren-
dered ineligible to oflice ; every kind of igno-
miny is heaped upon him and upon them; they
are punished without being tried, they are con-
victed without being heard ; their apologies are
not considered; tlicy are not considered in
court; they are not considered in the legislative
hall; this old man is not allowed the poor privi-
lege of a fiiend from his district to come here
and oiler the little apologies lie may have for
himself and his children.
That is an American citizen, a true man, a
Union man; and this is the way we legislate
for our fellow-citizens! This is the cement
with which we propose to bind this Union
again! This is the way we expect to extend
the hand of fellowship to the Union men of
the South! This is the thing we expect will
secure to our children and to our children's
children a future for the great Republic. Think
ol it ! J hear gentlemen taking airings in his-
tory^ we were treated to a dish of it this
morning, I would advise gentlemen to read
Prcndcrgast's History of the Cromwellian Set-
tlement in Ireland. Read the Partition of Po-
land. Read the suppression of all rebellions,
and read where this operation has been per-
formed successfully of putting down a rebellion
and healing the wounds caused by, it, and
ask whether this is part of the machinery that
was resorted to there. Go to Roman history;
read it from end to end, and see whether when
they conquered a people whom they wished to
unite to themselves they imposed conditions,
whether they said, "You must do this and you
must do that, you must pass under the yoke."
Never, never. If the Romans intended that
a conquered people should live with them they
made them their equals immediately; they
gave them all the rights of Roman citizens ;
and what was their argument? " They will
love us the better the belter we treat them,
and they will hate us the worse the worse we
treat them."
Then, Mr. President, there is a fundamental
principle, a principle fundamental in the hearts
of Englishmen, I hope, and their descendants ;
fundamental in our history, fundamental in our
traditions, fundamental in our beliefs, funda-
mental as our religion ; it is that no man is to be
convicted without being heard. How can you
tell what a man has to say who was engaged
in the rebellion ? You refused to put the word
'■voluntarily" in. I)o you propose to punish
a man who was compelled to commit a crime
involuntarily? And yet you do if he engaged
in the rebellion.
Gentlemen toll us it is no punishment to say
that a man shall have no voice and shall not
be eligible to office. That might do to tell
some of the verdant, virtuous districts out
through the country, but it is a very singular
speech here in the United States Senate, com-
posed of forty or fifty men who have been all
their lives struggling for offices, and have got
very high ones at last. No punislftneut to say
that a man shall not be elected to office! What
kind of ideas of punishment mpst some people
have ? Do they think that punishment con-
sists alone i.n pulling teeth or smashing thumbs
in the thumb-screw, or putting boots on the
leg? Is that the only kind of punishment you
can inflict on a man ? Is there not such a thing
as setting a mark upon him, the punishment
of the first ttiurderer, sending him out to wan-
der through the world like the man in the novel
who had no shadow? Is i-t no punishment to
put a wolf's head of this kind upon a man, to
single him out, set him apart in tlie commu-
nity, and label him "traitor, ineligible?" Do
you know any men of our breed on the earth
that ever submitted to that long? I should
like some gentleman to consult his history and
find when and where men of our race submit-
ted to that long.
Mr. HOWARD. I refer the Senator to the
Constitution of the United States, which de-
clares that none but a natural-born citizen of
the United States shall be elected President
of the United States. That is one instance.
Mr. COWAN. Oh, that is a capital joke,
Mr. President. Now, we have been bamboo-
zled and fed on that kind of stuff for the last
four years. That is an answer to the argu-
ment! I ask the honorable Senator if he be-
lieves there is a sane man in the world who
thinks that has anything to do with my argu-
ment. It has no more resemblance to the case
I put than a hawk has to a hand-saw—not a
bit. Because all the people who are not born
in this country cannot bo President they are
punished! Is that so?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think so.
Mr. COWAN. I do not think so either.
Nobody believes that thai is any punishment
or any stigma or anything else upon those peo-
ple ; but if I were to select the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan and say £o him, by law or
otherwise, "You shall not sit upon a jury; you
shall not sit in the Legislature; you shall not
wear the ermine of a judge; you shall not be
Governor of your State or Senator from that
State," I should like to know what he would
think of that. What would he say to his wife
and children in explanation of that? "How
docs it come that our father cannot be a judge,
so good a lawyer as he is? How does it come
that he cannot go to the Senate of the United
States, eloquent and learned as he is, and
superior to the men whom we are obliged to
send?" 'What would be his answer? "My
children, I have committed no crime; my name
shall come down to you pure and unspotted as
it did from my own father; but I am the vic-
tim of a law which condemned me without
hearing me, convicted me without a trial, and
punished me not even by name, but by class."
I am reminded by my learned friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] that we ourselves
made that a part of the punishment of treason ;
and the honorable Senators who think this joke
is an answerto a ponderous argument, that this
quip and quirk is to stand in the face of a great
fact covering eleven States of the Union, voted
for it. We ourselves made it a part of the pun-
ishment of treason. It is in the book; 1 need
not read it. That is a fact; and yet we arc told
this is no punishment. _ I ask again, and I defy
gentlemen to put their finger upon a single
instance where our race submitted to this, or sub-
mitted to it long. Impose that upon the south-
ern States, pass this bill of attainder through
the medium of an amendment to the Consti-
tution, and the seeds of rebellion arc there,
and they will grow, and the feeling of this in-
justice will grow with it; and if redemption
cannot come the children of the men you ren-
der ineligible to oflice in a very short time will
themselves make a mighty army, an army not
