1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8951
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 477)
iurther to provide for the safety of the lives of pas-
sengers on board-of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives agree to the
first, second, third, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, nmth,
tenth, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, six-
teenth, seventeenth, and twenty-first amendments,
as made by the Senate.
That the Senate recede from the fourth amend-
ment, with a modification of the clause, as follows:
strike out all after the word "under," in line ten,
section two, and insert in place thereof the words
" any circumstances;" and that the House agree to
tho same. ,
That the Senate recede from the eighteenth and
nineteenth amendments.
That the House agree to the twentieth amendment,
with an amendment as follows: after the words " for
the district of Portland, Oregon, $700" insert as fol-
lows: " to the supervising inspector of the Pacific
coast, $2,500; toother supervising inspectors, $2,000
each;" and tho Senate agree to the same.
Z. CHANDLER,
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
J. W. NES3IITH,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
CHARLES O'NEILL,
D. C. McRUER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
MES. ELEANOR C. RANSOM.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. E. No. 709)
for the relief of Mrs. Eleanor C. Ransom, have
directed me to report it back with an amend-
ment; and I ask the indulgence of the Senate
for the present consideration of the bill. It is
a very small bill in favor of a needy woman;
it is a House bill, and tho amount appropri-
ated by the House has been reduced by the
Committee on Claims of the Senate. I pre-
sume there can be no opposition to the bill,
and I should like to have it considered at this
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Eleanor C. Kan-
som the sum of $500, to indemnify her for
losses sustained by the sinking of the steam-
ship North America, on the 22d of December,
1864, and during her voyage from New Orleans
to New York, she having been ordered on
board the vessel to nurse and care for sick
and wounded soldiers of the United States
during the voyage.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out all of the bill
after the word "appropriated," in line four,
and to insert:
The sum of S400 to compensateher for services per-
formed by her in taking care of tho sick and wounded
soldiers of the United States on the steamship North
America on her voyage from New Orleans to New
York, ill December, 1SG1.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate and the
amendment was concurred in and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time and
passed.
SMITHSONIAN GROUNDS WATCHMEN.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 159) anthorizingthe Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings to employ three additional watch-
men in the Smithsonian grounds, _to report it
back without amendment; and as it is a resolu-
tion to which I presume no objection will be
offered, and as it is desirable that it should be
acted on, 1 ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was'considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 442) to prevent courts being used as instru-
ments of persecution against loyal persons ;
which was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on the Judieiary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 137) authorizing special juries in
the District.of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
DTTCHES, ETC., IN PACIFIC STATES.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 865.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 365) granting
the right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands in the States of California,
Oregon, and Nevada.
Mr. STE WART. This bill, after being con-
sidered by the Senate, was recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands, who have reported
an amendment as a substitute for tho original
bill. I suppose that the original bill need not
be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the original bill will be omitted unless
some Senator asks for its reading.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the substitute is
every word a bill which was passed by the Sen-
ate a few weeks ago.
Mr. STEWART. And fully discussed.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no amendment
to it, I believe.
Mr. STEWART. None.
Mr. CONNESS. That being the case, per-
haps it will not be necessary to read it.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not know what it is.
Mr. STEWART. If there is no objection,
I move that the reading of the substitute be
dispensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; let it be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted by the Committee on Public Lands
in lieu of the original bill, after the enacting
clause, as follows:
That tho mineral lands of the public domain, both
surveyed and unsurvoyed, are hereby declared to bo
free and open to exploration and occupation by all
citizens of tho United States, and those who have
declared their intention to become citizens, subject
to such regulations as may bo prescribed bylaw, and
subject also to the local custom or rules of miners in
tho several mining districts, so lar as the same may
not be in conflict with the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enaeted. That whenever
any person or association of persons claim a vein or
lode of quartz, or other rock in place, bearing gold,
silver, cinnabar, or copper, having previously occu-
pied and improved the same according to the local
custom or rules of miners in tho district where the
same is situated, and having expended in actual
labor and improvements thereon an amount of not
less than 81,000, and in regard to whose possession
there is no controversy or opposing claim, it shall
and may bo lawful for said claimant or association
of claimants to file in tho local land oificc a diagram
of tho same, so extended laterally or otherwise as to
conform to the local laws, customs, and rules of
miners, and to enter such tract and receive a patent
therefor, granting such mine, together with the right
to follow such vein or lode with its dips, angles, and
variations, to any depth, although it may eutor tho
land adjoining, which land adjoining shall be sold
subject to this condition.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That upon the
filing of tho diagram as provided in the second sec-
tion of this act, and posting the same m a conspicu-
ous place on tho claim, together with a notice of
intention to apply for a patent, tho register of the
land office shall publish a notice of the.same m a
newspaper published nearest to the location of said
claim, and shall also post such notice in his oflicc h)r
tho period of ninety days; and after the expiration
of s.iid period, if no adverse claim shall have been
filed, it shall be tho duty of the surveyor general,
upon application of the party, to survey the prem-
ises and'make a plat thereof, indorsed with his ap-
proval, designating the number and description ot
tho location, the value of tho labor and improve-
ments, and the character of the vein exposed; and
upon tho payment to tho proper ofneer of five dollars
per aero, together with the cost of such survey, plat,
and notice, and giving satisfactory evidence that said
diagram and lioticc have been posted on the claim
during said period of ninety day?, the register ot the
land office shall transmit to the General Land Office
said plat, survey, anddescription; and a patent shall
issue for the same thereupon. Rut said plat, survey,
or description shall in no ca?e coyer more than one
vein or lodo, and 110 patent shall issue 101* more than
one vein or lode, which shall bo expressed m the
patent issued. _
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when such
location and entry of amineshallbeupotuinsurveyed
lands,it shall and maybe lawful, after the extension
thereto of tho public surveys, to adjust tho surveys to
the limits of the premises according to the location
and possession and plat aforesaid, and the surveyor
general may, in extending the surveys, vary thesame
frogi a rectangular form to suit the circumstances of
the country and the local rules, laws, and customs of
minors: Provided, That no location hereafter made
shall exceed two hundred feet in length along the
vein for each locator, "with an additional claim for
discovery to the discoverer of the lode, with the right
to follow such vein to any depth, with all its dips,
variations and angles, together with a reasonable
(giantity of surface for the convenient working of the
same as fixed by local rules: And provided further,
That no person may make more than one location on
the same lode, and notmore than three thousand feet
shall be taken in any one claim by any association
of persons.
Sec. 5, And be it further enacted, That as a further
condition of sale, in the absence of necessary legisla-
tion by Congress, the local Legislature of any State
or Territory may provide rules for working mines,
involving easements, drainage, and other necessary
means to their complete development; and those
conditions shall be fully expressed in the patent.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That whenever any
adverse claimants to any mine located and claimed
as aforesaid shall appear before the approval of tho
survey, as provided in the third section of this act, all
proceedings shall be stayed until a final settlement
and adjudication in thecourts of competent jurisdic-
tion of the right of possession to such claim, when a
patent may issue as in other cases.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States be, and is hereby, authorized to
establish additional land districts and to appoint the
nceessary officers under existing laws, wherever he
may deem the same necessary for the public con-
venience in executing the provisions of this# act.
&EC. 8. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way for the construction of highways over public
land, not reserved for public uses, is hereby granted.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever,
by priority of possession, rights to the use of water
for mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other
purposes, have vested and accrued, and the same are
recognized and acknowledged by the local customs,
laws, and the decisions of courts, the possessors and
owners of such vested rights shall be maintained
and protected in the same; and the right of way for
the construction of ditches and canals for the pur-
poses aforesaid is hereby acknowledged and con-
firmed: Provided, however, That whenever, after the
passage of this act, any person or persons shall, in
the construction of any ditch or canal, injure or
damage the possession of any settler on the public
domain, the party committing such injury or damage
shall be liable to the party injurcdforsuch injury or
damage.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That wherever,
prior to the passage of this act, upon the lands here-
tofore designated as mineral lands, which have been
excluded from survey and sale, there have been
homesteads made by citizens of the United States,
or persons who have declared their intention to be-
come citizens, which homesteads have been made,
improved, and used for agricultural purposes, and
upon which there have been no valuable mines of
gold, silver, cinnabar, or copper discovered, and
which are properly agricultural lands, the said set-
tl ers or owners of such hom esteads shall have a right
of preemption thereto, and shall be entitled to pur-
chase the same at the price of Si 25 per acre, and m
quantity not to exceed one hundred and sixty acres;
or said parties may avail themselves of the provisions
of tho act of Congress approved May 20,1862, enti-
tled "An act to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain/' and acts amendatory thereof.
Sec. 11. And be it further cnactcd, That upon tho
survey of the lands aforesaid, the Secretary of the
Interior may designate and set apart such portions
of the said lands as are clearly agricultural lands,
which lands shall hereafter be subject to preemption
and sale as other public lands of the United States,
and subject to all the laws and regulations applicable
to the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the question on the
whole of that subject?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on what has been read as a substitute
in lieu of the original bill after the enacting
cl ause
Mr. FESSENDEN". As I understand it, if
a man has a claim and opens a vein, it is pro-
vided that lie may follow it on to any adjoin-
ing land which he does not own or claim.
Suppose, somebody else owns the adjoining
land, liow is it to be worked then?
Mr. CONNESS. The adjoining land is
bought subject to that easement. That is the
law now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then if we sell a man
a piece of land he may go under any adjoining
land of the United States that he pleases.
Mr. CONNESS. The ordinary lands of the
United States, not mineral, are sold according
to what is called the rectangular system ot sur-
vey, and always sold by perpendicular lines to
the center of the earth. The necessity ot vary-
ing that law in the sale of vein mines, arises be-
cause all veins dip at a certain angle, varying
frequently, but they always dip at an angle,
never entering the earth vertically; and so they
