1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
should bo made according to an impartial rule
of selection, tliere would be about nine com-
missions to be given to the three hundred and
fifty or four hundred officers of the Veteran
Reserve corps not now provided for. 1 here-
fore, the point made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] results m just
this, that there may be incurred the expense
of mustering out nine men who will be mus-
tered in again. And that can be provided for
by the insertion of a word or two in some sub-
sequent section of the bill.
Now, I hope that, as a large majority of this
House*voted to retain this provision concern-
ing the Veteran Reserve corps, upon the ex-
press understanding that all wounded officers
and wounded men are to be allowed barely to
compete upon an equal footing for these com-
missions, that understanding will bo carried
out, and carried out certainly, even if wc put
in a provision for abundant caution, which we
might do without. That will do no harm, and
this amendment is intended only for that pur-
pose. It is intended to prevent any advantage
being gained by those who happen to be in
Washington, who may happen to have such
facility of access to the Department as will give
them an advantage when the bill comes to bo
administered.
It is suggested to me to call the previous ques-
tion, which I will not do, however, if it will cut
off any other gentleman who desires to be heard
upon this subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not intend to pursue
the course of argument which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. CoxklingJ seems to in-
vite upon this subject. His elegant self-com-
placency at times in his treatment of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs is
only surpassed by the severe irony I always
receive from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Chanlku,] on the other side of the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker [Great
laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ciianler?]
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman can speak
some other time. I have always received
severe irony from that quarter, for proof of
which I refer to the files of the Globe, and the
reports of the debates therein contained. Tt
is my misfortune to be so situated on both
sides.
I indicated my opinion that the course of
this debate had developed hostility to this Vet-
eran Reserve corps upon the part of the gen-
tleman from New York on my right, [Mr.
Coxkliis'G.] I do not think I am mistaken in
that assertion; I do not think anybody in this
House will differ with me. Nor do I think
there is any question about the fact that when
defeated in one mode of assault he resorts to
another. •
But I do not put'my reply to his proposition
upon any ground of that kind, or upon any such
ground merely. I said before, as I say again,
that to introduce a provision of this kind into
a law, calling upon the executive authority,
upon the War Department, to exercise this
. power of mustering out in reference to one
particular class of officers or of men, is an
unusual course, is an unprecedented course of
proceeding. In this as in all other cases,
where men or officers are to be mustered out
of or retained in service, whatever requests
might be attempted to be made by resolution
or otherwise, it is hardly necessary to put in
a solemn legislative enactment any instruction
to the Executive upon that subject.
Now. this House is not bound, any more than
is the Executive, by any resolution that may
have been passed upon this subject. In fact,
no resolution of the kind lias ever been passed.
Gentlemen are mistaken upon that point, and
I will correct them, so far as that is concerned.
The history of that resolution, offered at a
very early day in the present session of Con-
gress, is simply this : there had been a propo-
sition made and urged by some persons not
particularly friendly to this Veteran Reserve
corps, or its continuance or connection with
the Army in any capacity whatever, to submit
to the men of that corps the question whether
or not they would vote to be mustered out and
jjo home. The result was precisely what would
follow if you were to submit such a question to
the vote of any regiment, brigade, or division
of the Army, or the crew of sailors on board
any vessel in our Navy. There is not a body of
soldiers or sailors in our service who would not
vote themgelves out for a holiday if they had
the opportunity, although they might be look-
ing for a chance to reenlist three days afterward.
Hence they all scattered ; they went to their
homes. Then the Secretary of War, always
friendly to this Veteran Reserve corps, him-
self the originator, or at least the executor of
the idea which called that corps into existence,
was puzzled to know what it was his duty to
do in regard to the matter. A number of gen-
tlemen, members of this House, accompanied
by one or more Senators, believing that it
would be an act of great harshness if these
wounded or disabled officers who had been
selected and placed in this corps should be
turned out at once, with the question still
unsettled whether any of them were to be re-
tained in the service or not, and with no pro-
vision in reference to the subsistence of them-
selvesortheirfamilies, called upon the Secretary
of War, who, after a full conversation, man-
ifested his willingness to retain those officers
until it should be settled whether we were to
have a Veteran Reserve corps, for whose offi- i
cers some of these men might perhaps be j
selected, provided there could be some sort j
of official indication of the wish of Congress
that these officers should be thus retained.
In consequence of this, the Committee on
Military Affairs of this House, after consider-
ing the whole matter, directed me to report a
resolution, a copy of which I hold in my hand; ;
and this is the resolution about which so much 1
has been said. It was drawn up as a joint
resolution, and is in these terms_:
"Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, rfv., That the President of the United States
be requested to suspend any order mustering out the
officers of the Veteran Reserve corps, until Congress
shall have time to consider the subject, and take
some legislative action as to the future disposition
to be made of that corps." *
That resolution being sent to the Senate,
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs of that body, and it has there slept ever
since. There is no resolution on that subject ^
now on the statute-book. Hence the Military ;
Department is left at liberty to take such ac- 1
tion as in the exercise of its discretion and |
military authority may be thought necessary
or proper with regard to the mustering oat of
the officers and men of this corps.
But, sir, what I object to—and this is the ,
whole of my objection—is the impropriety of ;
inserting in a grave legislative act an instrue- ,
tien to the executive department to deal in a ,
' particular way with a pai'ticular branch of the !
public service, when nothing of that kind has j
ever heretofore been done, or has been thought
proper to be done, in reference to any other
class of men or officers employed in the mili-
tary service.
Now, sir, there arc in the military service men
who might, perhaps, be mustered out. There
are officers whom we once sought to have mus-
tered out, when it was admitted that some of
them had been for a year or more entirely un-
employed, and were likely to remain so. But
even in that action of ours, the Senate of the
United States refused its concurrence. There
has never been any action upon the part-of
the legislative power instructing, informing,
or directing the Military Department upon
such a subject as this. That, at least, is my
present recollection, and I think no one is
able to contradict it.
I object, therefore, to any such_ invidious
distinction, any such odious discrimination,
being made against ai\y class of officers or
men. whether wounded or not wounded,
whether belonging to the regular_ Army or to
one of the volunteer branches of the Army.
as to embody in a legislative act our instruc-
tions that there must be some haste in clear-
ing them out of the way before it shall be con-
sidered whether any of them are to be retained
in the service, or clearing out of the way as
many of them as do not happen at this mo-
ment to be employed.
Then, again, the language of the amend-
ment is "whowere not necessarily employed."
Now, who, after all, is to determine the mean-
ing of that word '' necessarily'{" So long as
we have a Military Department, the discretion
with reference to this matter must, after all,
rest with that Department; and I am willing it
shall rest there.
Now, sir, as the gentleman from New York
has advocated his amendment, and as I have
replied to him, I do not know that I will be
considered illiberal if I ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman will
not call the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I call the previous
question on the whole section will that cut off
amendments?
v The SPEAKER. It will cut off amend-
ments.
Mr. SCHENCK. 'There are gentlemen who
want to offer amendments in good faith, and I
therefore only call the previous question ou the
pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CON KLIN G demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 59, nays 43, not voting
81; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Baker,
Baldwin, Bulwell, Boutwell, Beyer, Brandcgeo, Chan-
ter, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Davis, Dodge. Eldridge,
Fanisworth, Farquhar. Ferry, Finek, Giossbrenner,
Uoodyear, (Iridcr, Aaron Harding, Abncr C. Harding,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hut-
buid, Julian. Ivelso, Loan, Marvin, Mclluor, Mereur,
Moorhcad, Morris, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orfch,
Paine, Bitter, Borers, Shanklin, Shcllabarger, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Stronse, Taber, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burnc, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Wentworth, and Wright—59. .
KAYS—Messrs. Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bmg-
ham, Brooinall. Buckland, Bundy, Doming, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Garfield, Hale, Hayes, Hogan,
Holmes, Chester J). Hubbard, ingersoll, Jenekes,
Kelley, Kctcham, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence,
Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, Miller, Trice, William
11. Randall. Raymond, .1 ohn H. Kice, Rollins, Itous-
seau, Schenck, Stevens, Taylor, Thayer, Trowbridge,
Robert T. Van Horn, Welker, Whaley, Wmdom, and
"\Voodbridge—411.
NOl' VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos K.
Ashley, .Tames M. Ashley. Banks, Barker, Bergen,
Blame, Blow, Bromwell, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Coli'roth, Cook, Cullom. Culver, Darling, Dawes, Daw-
son, Detrees, Delano. Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Knot, Gnnnell, Grisivold. Harris, llart, Hen-
derson, Higby, Hill, Ho tehkiss.Dcmas lluhbard, John
1 It. Ilubbaid. James R. Hubbell. James Humphrey,
! James M. Buhinprcy, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, kerr,
I Laiiin, Latham, William Lawrence, Le Bond, Alar-
1 shall, Martton. McCultough, Melndoe, MeKce, Mor-
rill, Moiilton, Newell, Niblack, Noell, Patterson, Per-
h.un, Phelps, Pike, Plants. Pomeroy, Kadford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Ross, Sawyer, feeo-
field, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Francis Ihomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Williams, James
F. Wilson, StephenVF. Wilson, and Winfield—81.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Lai'Lin, was absent on ac-
count of sickness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. CONICLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to add the following:
And it shall be lawful to appoint and commission
as officers in any of the organizations authorized by
this act any persons who have been distinguished ior
gallant and meritorious service in the, Army ot the
Vnited States during the late rebellion, and have
been wounded or partially disabled therein \vhile_ m
the line of their duty: Provided, The disability ansmg
therefrom shall be such only, as n incurred in
regular service under officers commissions would
not incapacitate them from duty therein.
