1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. NIBLACK, i ask consent to submit
tlie following resolution :
Resolved, That pending the question as to the ad-
mission of persona claiming to have been elected Itep-
resentatives to the present Congress trom the States
lately in rebellion against the United States Govern-
ment, such persons shall be entitled to the privileges
of the floor of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, objected.
Mr. NIBLACK. I-move to suspend the
rules, and upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Pending the question upon suspending the
rules,
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 85, noes 08.
So (at ten minutes to three o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 5, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. Edgar IT. Gray, Chaplain
of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Thomas A. Hexdrioks, of Indiana,
and Hon. James II. Lake, of Kansas, appeared
in their scats to-day.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. Edward McPiieksox, Clerk of the House
of Representatives, appeared below the bar and
delivered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House
of Representatives to inform the Senate that a
quorum of the House has assembled, that it has
elected Schuyler Colfax, one of the Repre-
sentatives from Indiana, Speaker, and is now
ready to proceed to business.
I am also directed to inform the Senate that
the House of Representatives has passed a res-
olution for'the appointment of a committee on
its part, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed by the Senate, to wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States and inform him that
a quorum of each House has assembled, and
that Congress is ready to receive any commu-
nication he may be pleased to make; and it has
appointed Mr. ElihcB. Washbuhxe of Illinois,
Mr. James Biiooks of New York, and Mr.
William D. Kellby of Pennsylvania, the com-
mittee on its part.
I am also directed to present to the Senate
a concurrent resolution of the House for the
appointment of a joint committee of fifteen
members for the purpose of considering the
condition of the so-called confederate States
of America.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate concur
in the concurrent resolution just received from
the House.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that that reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, which will take precedence of the mo-
tion of tli e Senator from Ohio.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Delaware give way to the Sena-
tor from Iowa ?
. Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to state that my
motion relates to the resolution which provides
for the appointment of a committee of fifteen.
I move to refer that resolution to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, when that committee shall
be appointed, and that until that time it lie
upon the table.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senators to with-
draw their motions until I can offer an order
to be adopted by the Senate in order to perfect
the organization of the two bodies.
The" PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw his motion for
that purpose?
Mr. WADE. I will withdraw it with that view.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
' JZesolvcd> That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed, to join sueh committee as may be
appointed by the !ioi;-:c of Representatives, to wait
on the President of the united States and inform liim
that a quorum of each Ilouse has assembled, and that
Congress is ready to reccivo any communication he
may be pleased to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
this committee be appointed?
Several Senators. - By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such order
will be entered if there be no objection.
Mr. Grimes aud Mr. Wright were appointed
the committee.
ft
• JOINT COMMITTEE ON RECONSTRUCTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution from the House of Representatives will
|now be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Re?olved by the Scnr/fe and Ilozise of Representatives
in Congress asseyr,bled, That a joint committee of fif-
teen members shall be appointed, nine of whom shall,
be members of the Ilouse and sis members of the
Senate, who shall inquire into the condition of the
States which formed the so-called confederate States
of Amcrica, ar.d report whether they or any of them
are entitled to be represented in either Ilouse of Con-
gress, with leave to report at any time by bill or other-
wise; and until such report shall havebeen made and
finally acted upon hyConfrress, liomembcrshaUbere-
ccivecl into eitner House from any of the said so-callcd
confederal States; and all papers relating to the
representation of the said States shall be referred to
the said committee without debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe that under the
rule that resolution, if there be any objection
to considering it on the day of its reception,
lies over one day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such is the
rule of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the considera-
tion of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will be laid aside.
SENATORS TEOAI MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I beg leave
to present the credentials of William L. Sharkey
and James L. Alcorn, who have been elected
members of the Senate by the Legislature of
Mississippi. I am instructed by those gentle-
men to oiler these credentials to the Senate
without saying further. I therefore ask that
they may lie upon the table and await the fur-
ther action of the body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the reading of the credentials?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cre-
dentials will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Till: STATE OF MISSISSIPPI,
To <dl to v]i07n presents ' coine, creetinq :
Whereas it appears by theceitiiieate of the secretary
of the Senaio and clerk of the [louse of Repre^enta,-
tives, ontilein theof.iee of the secretary of "tat e, that
James C. Alcorn was on Thursday, the ltith clay of
October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eiccht
hundred and sixty-five, in a joint committee of both
Hordes of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi,
duly and constitutionally electcd to the office of Sen-
ator in the Congress of the United Sta tes of America,
for the term eomjnoiiciiip: ?-!ar -h 5. 1SG5:
Now know ye, that in consequence thereof, and
by virtue of the constitution and laws of this State,
wo do authoii/.c and empower him the said James
L. Alcorn to execute and fulfill the duties of that
oSicc according to law; and to have and to hold wild
otiice, with all the powers, piiv ilescs, and emolu-
ments to the same of ri:¥iit appertaining for the term
counneneiir; JIarch 3,1SC6. „ ,,
In testimony whereof I, Benjamin G, Humphreys,
Governor of the State' aiorcnid, have caused
[l. s.] tho-jfi letters to be made patent and tho great
seal of the State to be hereunt > affixed.
Given under my hand at the eU> of Jackson, the
31st day of October, in the year of our Lord one
thousand ei','ht hundred and sixtv-iive. ami of the
sovereignty of the Siite of }j,^'ssinpj the iorty-
Leventli. BEIn JAAUN G. HUMPHREYS.
By the Governor:
0. A. BROCCIIFR.
Secretary of State.
The credentials of Mr. Sharkey are in the
same form, for the term commencing March
[■!] ISlio.
The credentials were ordered to lie on the
table.
RECONSTRUCTION OF EEBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. FOOT. I offer certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Vermont. I ask
that they be read, laid ou the table,, and printed.
The Secretary read them, as .follQyg
Joint resolutions in relation to the reeonsteaetioB'- f
the States recently in rebellion against ,th"e United
States. _ ' ■ ■;
' Resolved,- That it is the sense of the Gen oral Assem-
bly of this State, that in the, reconstruction of tile
governments of.thc States lately in-rcbejlwB.against
the Government and authority of the United States,
tho moral power-aiid legal authority-Vested "in the
Federal Government should be exeeuted. to secure
equal rights, without respect to .color, to all citizens
residing in those Stated, including herein the right' of
elective franchise. , y,
Resolved, That tho secretary pf state fe Ji^reby in-
structed to transmit a copy of these resolutions to the
President of the. United States, to the: Goyornorsof
tlic several States, and also a copy to each one e>f.our
Senators and Representatives m Congress, who are
hereby requested to present the same to both Houses
in Congress. • •
JOHN W. STEWART, i-
Speaker of the House of Itcnresc'dtat.ives.
A. B. GARBNEK,
President of the-Senate.
The joint resolutions were ordered to-lie on
the table, and be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill, (S.
No. 10) for the survey and sale of the mineral
lands of the United States; which was .read
twice by its title, laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. J.1)
to restore Lieutenant Joseph Fyffe to,his gr]ade
in active service in the Navy;' which \yas read
the first time by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills ; which were read twice by their titles,
laid on the table, and Ordered to be .printetf:
A bill (S. No. 12) to define the. jurisdictifln
of the district and circuit courts of the United
States for the districts of California, Oregon,
and Nevada; and
A bill (S. No. 13) concerning appeals, writs
of error, and injunctions.
Mr. 1)00 LITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 14) in relation to the qualification of jurors
in certain cases ; which was read twice by its
title, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce tho follow-
ing bills; which were read a first time by their
titles, and ordered to lie on the tabic:
A bill (S. No. 15) to repeal certain laws and
ordinances in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 10) for the relief of JosiahO.
Armes.
Mr. SHERMAN, (at twenty-two minutes past
twelve o' clock.) I move that the Senate take a
recess ur.til one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
On reassembling at one o'clock,
Mr. LOOLITTLE. As I understand- there
has been some delay about the committee of
the other House being readj' to perform the
duty of waiting on the President, I move that
the recess be extended until two 0'Ciock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate again resumed its session at two
o'clock.
PEESIBEXT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Mr. G RIMES. Mr. President, the joint com-
mittee of the two Houses of Congress, who were
authorized to wait upon the President of the
United States and inform him that the two
Houses were organized and ready to receive
! any communication he might be pleased to
i make to them, have discharged that duty,.and
have been instructed by him to say that he will
immediately communicate with each House in
writing.
Mr. Robert .Toiixsox, the President's Sec-
retary, presently appeared below the bar and
said : " _
Mr. President, 1 am directed by the Presi-
I dent of the United States to deliver to the Sen-
ate a message in writing; . ,
