1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
to be conquered in a cause of that kind. No,
Mr. President, let us treat these people fairly,
let us give them tlieir rights under the Consti-
tution and the laws; and if they merit punish-
ment, let us ltietethat punishment out to them
by the law, not by bills of attainder or ex post
facto laws, not by making a law as amend-
ments to the Constitution. If we can maintain
the Union at all, we can maintain it in that
way. If we cannot maintain it in that way wp
cannot maintain it at all.
I am aware, Mr. President, that this is a fore-
gone conclusion. I am aware that it was de-
cided that something must be done, and I know
how difficult it was to get that something into
being, to get that unlicked bantling into shape.
I know how long the period of parturition lias
lasted. And, Mr. President, I am afraid, too,
that if it had not been from pride of precon-
ceived opinions it would have been strangled
by its own mother at the instant of its birth.
I believe she would have been glad to get rid
of it if it had not been for that pride. But it
is here, it is to go through, it is to be proposed
to the people; but relying upon the people,
upon the sense of the people, I have no fears
for the result.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Dooltttle.]
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to say that
my colleague [Mr. Willey] has been called
away for this afternoon.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Cowan. Davis, Doolittle, Guthrie,
Hendricks. Johnson, and Riddle—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Oon-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana,
Lane ot Kansas, Morgan, Morrill,Norton, Nye, Pom-
eroy, Itamsev. Sherman, Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Creswell,
Dixon, Henderson, McDougall, Nesmith, Poland,
Saulsbury, Willey, and Wright—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the Senator from
Oregon proceeds to offer any amendment I
desire to offer one further amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator will excuse
mo.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does the Senator offer
an amendment in behalf of the committee ? I
supposed the committee's amendments were
through with. I had two or three amendments
I desired to offer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I beg to be excused from
yielding the floor. I move to strike out the
second section and substitute these words
for it:
Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbers,
counting tho whole number of persons iq,cach State,
excluding Indians not taxed. But whenever tho
right to vote at any election held under the Consti-
tution and laws of tho United Stages, or of any State,
is denied to any of the mule inhabitants of such
State, being twenty-one years of age and citizens of
the United States, or in any way abridged except
for participation in rebellion or other crime, the basis
of representation therein shall be reduccd in the
proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of male citizens
twenty-one years of age in such State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
printed.
Mr. CLARK. It is merely in a better form.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
opportunity of seeing it in print.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 can assure the honorable
Senator from Ohio that the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon does not vary in
effect the second section. It is a more con-
densed form in which the ideas contained in
that section are expressed, but I am not aware
that it changes the meaning and legal effect of
the section at all. I hope, therefore, it will be
adopted as it has been very carefully and thor-
oughly considered.
Air. JOHNSON. So was the clause as it
stands carefully considered. 1 ask for the
reading of that amendment again.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like my friend
from Oregon to state in what the amendment
differs from the section as it stands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that in sub-
stance and effect it is the same as the original
section; but the words '' the right to vote'' are
substituted for the words "the elective fran-
chise." It was suggested, with considerable
force, that this section related to the appor-
tionment of representation, and that the words
"elective franchise" might be construed as
exclusively applying to that subject, and that a
State might claim that it was entitled to count
persons as allowed to vote when it extended
the elective franchise to such persons so far as
the election of Representatives was concerned;
and therefore the words "any election held,
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States or of any State" were substituted so that
electors could not lie deprived of the right to
vote at State elections. The object of tho
change in the phraseology is to require the
State to allow those persons, before they can
be counted in the basis of representation, to
vole at elections held under the constitution j
and laws of the State as well as at elections
held under the Constitution and laws of the i
United States; so that there is substantially no
difference. There is a change in tho phraseol-
ogy ; some of the sentences and words are trans-
posed, the object being to make the section more
clear and explicit and satisfactory than it was
in the other phraseology.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber explain why it is that the words "which
may be included within the Union," in the
eighteenth line are omitted in the amendment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. They were omitted for
the sake of brevity and because they added
nothing to the sense of the section.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the language of ;
the original Constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is true. At that
time, when the Constitution was adopted, there
were States that had not been admitted into
the Union, States that might not ratify the
Constitution, and those words wore intended I
suppose to apply to those States that might j
ratify the Constitution afterward. At this
time these words are not supposed to be appli-
cable, and certainly the Senator will not eon-
tend that the words in the proposed substitute
are not as full and as complete as the words in
the original seel ion, and they are altogether
more brief. That is the only reason why those
words were omitted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose it is desira-
ble that we shall know what is in this amend-
ment, and of course we could not understand
its full force by merely heaving it read. I move
that the Senate adjourn. It is past the usual
hour of adjournment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, I should like to submit
amendments that I intend to propose, so that
they may be printed also.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to submit
amendments to be printed.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin proposes an amendment
which lie intends to offer at another time, and
asks to have it printed. The order to print
will be made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The effect of my prop-
osition is that each of these sections shall be
submitted as separate articles, to be passed
upon severally. That is the effect of the
amendment of which I now give notice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the pend-
ing proposition beprinted, and that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho order
to print will be made if there be no objection.
The Senator from Indiana moves that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
10 in favor of the motion and 19 against it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not expect to
vote for this proposition nor the one for which
it is proposed as a substitute, but still I presume
that evou the minority have some little say
and do about an amendment of the Constitu-
tion. Yesterday afternoon there was no press
upon the Senate to stay here and consider this
resolution. We adjourned at an early hour,
when the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
was making his speech, I believe about four
o'clock. I suppose he was a little fatigued in
•making his speech, and some Senator pro-
posed that we adjourn — I think it was the
Senator who has charge of this measure—and
there was no Senator who thought of question-
ing the propriety of the adjournment to accom-
modate the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. The adjournment was not at
my request at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By no means ; butthe
Senator yielded that the motion might be made;
no further business was transacted in open Sen-
ate ; we went into executive session for a little
bit. Now, there is a proposition simply that
we adjourn that a very important amendment
may be printed. I do not suppose it is the pur-
pose to pass this measure to-night. I have not
heard that expressed. I do not want to dis-
cuss it myself; but I should like to know what
is in it before we vote on it. If it is better
than the original, I want to vote for it; if it is
not better, I do not want to vote for it as an
amendment. I have a right to know what is
in it because my judgment stands before the
country upon the two propositions. This is an
amendment to the caucus proposition, and I
want to know whether it is better or worse. I
have to give an intelligent vote on the subject,
i and I find it is impossible to know just what is
in it by merely hearing it read. The language
] is changed materially.
i Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly have no desire
! to delay the action of the Senate if their minds
! are made up oil the question ; but I do not
I understand I his amendment, and I have had
| it and the original section in my hand now for
some three or four minutes ; at least I do not
understand it as I suppose it is understood by
the gentleman who offers it. It appears to me
to be obnoxious to'this objection, and if it be
liable to this objection I imagine that the Sen-
ators who are now apparently in favor of it
will correct it in that particular. That part
of the amendment to which I refer says that
whenever tho right to vote at any ejection held
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, or of any State, is denied to any of the
male inhabitants of such States, being twenty-
one years of age, &c., a deduction is to be
| made. Now, sir, in all the States—certainly
in mine, and no doubt in all—there are local
as contradistinguished from State elections.
There are city elections, county elections, and
district or borough elections; and those city
and county and district elections are held
under some law of the State in which the city
or county or district or borough may be ; and
in those elections, according to the laws of the
States, certain qualifications are prescribed,
residence within the limits of the locality and
a property qualification in some. Now, is it
proposed to say that if every man in a State
is not at liberty to vote at a city or a county or
a borough election that is to affect the basis of
representation? I submit to the friends of this
measure, and I speak it, as I am sure the Sen-
ate will believ-e me, in all sincerity, when I say
as it is all-important that the provision which
we are about to adopt, or whatever we may
adopt, shall be as certain as we can make it,
that we had better print this amendment and
bring to the consideration of it in the morning
a better judgment than we may be able to form,
at least than I am able to form, at this time. I
move, therefore, that the amendment lio upon
the table and be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. A motion to print it has
been agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. No ; the order to print
has not been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to move to lay the amendment upon tho
table. , ,
Mr. ANTHONY. That would carry the bill
with it, as I understand.
