2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. Speaker, I offer that amendment because
I believe it to be entirely just; and in submit-
ting it, I wish to repel the insinuation made
against me upon this floor yesterday that I was
willing to do injustice to any bi-anch of our
Army or to any soldiers who have been in the
field. I believe the provisions of this bill do
injustice to thousands and tens of thousands
who exposed themselves gallantly in defense
of the flag of the country. They are restrict-
ive. My desire is to open the way to all of the
soldiers who have been disabled, provided they
are (it for this duty.
It was charged yesterday by the honorable
gentleman from Illinois that I had slandered
the Veteran Reserve corps. I deny it. I said
they were disabled; does he deny it ? Is it a
slander upon a soldier of the Army who bore
the flag of his country over a defying fortress
to say that he was wounded in the body or lost
a limb or an eye in the service? I honor the
gallantry and service of that soldier, but I do
not slander him when I say that he has been
disabled.
By this amendment I do not wish to give to
the officers of the Veteran Reserve corps alone
the benefit of these provisions, but I wish to
.give it to all who have been in the service,
whether officers or privates.
The loss of a finger or of an eye disables a
man under the present law so that he cannot
be retained in the Army service unless he hap-
pens to be in the regular Army. In the regu-
lar Army a man thus wounded is not disquali-
fied to serve, but still retains his rank. 1 ask,
in God's name, why should not a man who
suffers only equal disability in the volunteer
service be entitled to the same benefits and
advantage.
I offer this amendment, and I deny that any
word that I have jittered on this floor can be
tortured into anything like discourtesy to the
disabled soldiers.
_ Mr. SCHEXCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the section and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
Mr. \\ ASHBL'UNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for a moment?
Mr. WASHBLfRNE, of Illinois. I will.
enrolled dills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 248) for the relief of James
G. Clarke ; and <
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 102) for the
relief of Alexander Thompson, late United
States consul at Maranham.
personal explanation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a per-
sonal explanation in regard to the action of the
House upon the passage of the joint resolution
appropriating y2-3.000 for the benefit of the poor
of the District of Columbia. I apprehend that
the House did injustice to my colleague upon
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
[Mr. Shaxklix.^ It was the understanding
between himself and myself that when that res-
olution came up for action in the House he
should be heard in opposition to its passage. It
is but justicito him to state that he was opposed
to it. and desired to make some remarks in
opposition to its passage, and as a member of
the committee, and its chairman, 1 had given
my assent, and supposed that the House would
extend to him that courtesy.
When I called the resolution up the gentle-
man rose and asked to be heard. I stated to
the House that 1 hoped he mi^ht be heard, and
I desired to yield to him before the previous
question should be ordered so that he might
express his views in opposition to the resolu-
tion. There were several voices heard all
around me on this side of the House in oppo-
sition to my yielding to him, and I acceded
reluctantly to that expressed opposition, believ-
ing that the House would, after the adoption
of the previous question, allow him to be heard.
I regret that the courtesy due to him as my col-
league on the committee was not then extended
to him. I did at the time what I thought was
just, and if I did him any injustice I regret it.
It was not intentional on my part. I beg to
assure the House that my relations with that
gentleman have been of the most cordial char-
acter, and that I esteem him very highly, and
should regret to be a party to any act of injus-
tice or want of courtesy toward him.
I hope this explanation will be satisfactory
to him, and that he will give assent, or at least
make no objection, to his reappointment by the
Speaker upon that committee.
Mr. SHANKLIN. The explanation of the
gentleman covers, I suppose, the whole ground"
in relation to myself, and is entirely satisfac-
tory. I accept the explanation and apology.
The SPEAKER. The Chair reappoints the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Shaxklin] on
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBCJRNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and five minutes
p. ra..) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
! The following petitions, &c., were presented under
tho rule and. referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of "Xiiomas J.
Powell, praying for relief.
Bj' Mr. AMEri; The petition of South Scituate Sav-
ings Bank, tor repeal of the internal revenue tax on
savings institutions.
By Mr. Xhe memorial of B. F. Rexford,
J times rf. Leaeh, and others, attorneys of the F ederal
courts in the State of New York, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill now pending in the
Senate for the reorganization of the Federal courts.
By Mr. DELANO: Thcpctitionol George W.Ponny,
and 1,200 others, citizens and wool-growers of Licking
county. Ohio, praying an increased duty on loreign
1 wool, and the protection of wool-growers equal to
! that of manufacturers oi this country.
By Mr. BODGE: The memorial of Richardson,
Boynton cc Co., and J. L. Mott te Co., and others,
relative to the manufacture of stoves.
Also, the memorial of (ieorge W. Blunt, Moses II.
Grinncll, and others, urging that an appropriation
be made for the payment ot the officers and crew ot
the Kearsarge ior the destruction ot the Alabama.
Also, the memorial Of manuiacturers oi llax and
hemp, praying-an increased duty onimported articles
made Iroia hemp.
^ By Mr. EAKASWORTH: The petition of J. W.
Shaunan, AI. M.'B. Boyce, and others, citizens of
Illinois, lor uniform insurance laws.
Also, the petition of citizens of Kane county, Illi-
nois, in favor of increasing tariff upon wool.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The petition of
citizens of Coatesburg, Illinois, to exempt from taxa-
tion alcohol used in medical preparations.
By Mr. HOLMES: The remonstrance of D. M. It.
Johnson, and others, citizens of Oneida county, New
York, against the passage of the billreorganizingthe
Federal judiciary.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Twopcti-
tions from citizens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania,
ior an increase of duty on foreign wools.
By Mr. LONG-YEAR: The petition of Henry C.
Andrus, and To others, citizens of Battle Creek, Mich-
igan, asking tor an increased duty on wool.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Campbell &
Thayer, Grove & Brother, Judd Linseed and Sperm
Oil Company. John F. Lewis & Brothers, and others,
manuiacturers of linseed oil in the cities of New York
and Philadelphia, for increase of the tariff on foreign
! linseed oil to thirty cents per gallon, and for the re-
moval of the discrimination of ten per cent, on linseed
linpoi Led dircot.
Also, the petition of citizens of the State of Dela-
ware, asking that the salary of Ephraim L. Locker-
man, keeper of the light house at lieedy Island, in
Delaware bay, now but $400, may be increased.
By Mr. MJL fjKR: A petition from citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying that the Constitution of the United
Slates be amended so that the President and Vice
President may be chosen by the qualified voters
directly without the intervention of Electoral Col-
leges, and that the voting for these offices be confined
|; to citizens who can read.
ij Also, a petition from citizens of the counties of
Union and Northumberland, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to impose such conditions
upon rebel States as shall punish treason and reward
loyalty with confidence and honor.
by. Mr. MORRILL: The petition of W.H. Walker,
and 21 others citizens of Ludlow, Vermont, praying
for the establishment of a national Bureau of Insur-
ance.
Also, the petition of II. A. White, and others, citi-
zens of Washington, Orange county, Vermont, pray-
inpr for an increased tariff orj wool.
Also, the petition of S. M. Dikeman, and others,
citizens of Rutland county, Vermont, praying for an
increased duty on wool.
Also, the petition of Elliot E. Kellopg, and 43 oth-
ers, citizens of Windham county, Vermont, praying
for an increased tariff on wool.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Tho petition of John Hatfield
for relief.
By Mr. UPSON: Tho petition of J. B. To-npkins,
and 49 others, citizens of Girard, Branch comitv,
Michigan, praying Congress to increase the duties
on foreign wool.
By Mr.W t LLIAMS: The petition of wool-growers
ofButler county, Pennsylvania, askingfor an inereaso
of duty on forcisrn wools.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of Joseph B. Roper, for compensation for damages
done him and his property by Indians.
Also, the petition of Edmund Blanchard, executor
of the last will and testament of Captain Evan M.
Buchanan, deceased, (or tho passage of a law releas-
ing the estate of said Buchanan from tho payment of
the sum of $43889,due thoTJnited States from him as
commissary of subsistence, third division, sixth Army
corps. United States Army.
By Mr. WOODBlillXJK: The petition of Prosper
Elithorp, and 55 others, citizens of Bridgepoit, Ver-
mont; and also the petition of George Hammond, and
36others, citizens of Addison county, v ermont, praying
for an increased duty on foreign wool.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 10, 18CG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. A few days since I
presented some remarks to the Senate of a
personal character. It was and is the opin-
ion of my most trusted and nearest friends
that the remarks of which I speak were not
justified by the then present occasion, were
in violation of the true rule of decorum, and
were also offensive to this body. Under the
influence of such counsels and with careful
thought it has become my conviction that the
judgment of those to whom I have referred
was and is correct. I have always thought that
it %vas nobler to confess an unpremeditated
wrong than even to maintain the right. With
this conviction I have risen to acknowledge
the wrong, to express my profound regret, and
to ask the pardon of this body. I do this with
more than mere satisfaction.
It is further due to myself, as also to the Sen-'
ator, my colleague, that I should request his
pardon ; this I now do. I had at the moment
forgotten the old rule, a conclusion stated in
a supposed Socratic discussion. Ad Tuscvlum.
"Avoid the perturbations.'' I violated the in-
junction, "Let not the sun go down upon your
wrath." With the morning, when the mora
stood "tiptoe on the misty mountain-tops,''
there came penitence.
These short remarks are designed to be pen-
itential.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the
memorial of Mary K. Smith, praying for an
increase of pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, praying for such an increase of
the duties on imports as will afford ample pro-
tection to American labor; which was referred
to the -Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Catharine P. Winslow, mother of Cleveland
Winslow, deceased, late lieutenant colonel
fifth New York Veteran volunteers, praying to
bs allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Minnesota, representing that tho tax
of six per cent, ad valorem which is imposed
upon the gross amount of sales arising from
the class of stoves composed of cast and sheet
iron respectively, in addition to the tax and
duty previously paid on the component parts
of the same, amounting to ten and three fourths
per cent, on the gross amount of sales, is a
rate which far exceeds that laid upon any other
article of iron manufacture, and praying .that
this special tax upon the class of stoves com-
posed of cast and sheet iron, shall be imposed
upon the increased value only ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of D. A. Dan-
