July 20,
tun in layers one after the other. This bill in
that respect simply conforms to what is both
the custom and the law now—the old custom
of the Mexican miners, adopted by our own
people, and sustained by the decisions of our
courts. Every man now has the right to fol-
low his vein.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the lands belong
to the United States. w
Mr. CONNESS. Yon cannot sell the lands
for mining purposes in any other way. The
provision is simply that the lands in the mining
regions shall be purchased subject to that con-
dition ; so that where one man has the right to
follow itito the land of another to the depth
say of a thousand feet from the surface of the
earth that other man has the same right to fol-
low his vein on his neighbor's land. The land
is bought running in slanting or oblique lines
into the surface of the earth in place of per-
pendicular lines. That is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand
howyou are to work it. One man says he wants
to work on his own land 
Mr. CONNESS. This is what is done no#.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can conceive a rea-
son why it is done now—because the lands be-
long to the United States, and if a man opens
a vein he may follow it wherever he pleases;
he has the same authority to go to the next ad-
joining piece of land that he has to occupy the
place where he is; it is not surveyed yet. Bat
suppose another man buys the adjoining piece
of land, will you give his neighbor the right to
go right under him 7
Mr. CONNESS. As to agricultural land, the
purchaser would buy and own by perpendicular
lines; but that rule cannot apply to a piece of
mining land. One man has a claim and another
man alongside ofhim has a corresponding claim.
They each follow their lodes. Notwithstanding
they have a complete title by posession to the
surface, they also, by possession, by common
consent, by the common law, sustained by the
courts, if a vein dips at a certain depth into
the adjoining land, have the right to follow it,
and they do follow it. The perfection of this
bill in that respect is, that it conforms to exist-
ing rights of property.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There cannot be any
existing rights of property, because none of
them have any property in the land.
Mr. STEWAKT. If the Senator will allow
me, I think I can illustrate the matter so that
it will be understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I understand
it; but the difficulty is that I do not see the
propriety of it.
Mr. STEWART. Here are parallel veins,
pitching, say, at an angle of forty-five degrees,
one after another. If yon sell in square sec-
tions with perpendicular lines extending into
the earth, any quantity you please, one man
may have a piece of half a dozen veins and
yet have no vein to work. To open a silver
vein costs all the way from fifty thousand to
several million dollars, and to work it requires
long tunneling, and it requires a system of
timbering from the top. If a man has only a
short piece. and is required to go into the earth
by perpendicular lines, he might cut through
several veins, but no system of working coald !
be adopted. The veins are separated by rock '
walls, so that there is no possibility of confu-
sion. You give a man a vein, or so many feet
running with the vein and following it down.
Suppose, for instance, you give a man three
thousand feet. It dips forty-five degrees. If
you were to undertake to give him that by your
present system of selling the land by perpen-
dicular lines, what would be the result? In
order to work that vein he must have a large
quantity of ground. It is supposed that the
veins ordinarily have been worked down three
thousand feet. Then you would have to give
him an extent of three thousand feet laterally.
In these three thousand feet there might be
twenty or^hirty other veins; so that under
that system,"in order to give him one vein you
would have to give him a complete monopoly
of a whole district, or you would give it to hirn
in a shape that he could not do anything. The
practical necessity of the case requires that the
dips of the veins shall be followed. A vein is
an expensive thing to work, and any other sys-
tem of sale would destroy the whole country ;
and that is the principal reason why the miners
have been objecting to sales, because the per-
pendicular lines would cut up their claims and
no man would purchase. If you undertake to
divide the lands in the mining country by hav-
ing the lines extend perpendicularly, mining
will be effectually at an end. That is the rea-
son why the people there have been excited
and alarmed by projects for the sale of the
mining lands. This bill, however, has been
out there, has been submitted to the people,
and meets with universal approbation. We so
understand from letters and by every newspaper
we receive, and there are many mining jour-
nals in California and Nevada, and every one of
them has indorsed it, because it allows the min-
ers to work the mines. There has been a mis-
understanding between them and persons here
in regard to the whole matter, they supposing
that we here intended to divide the country in
such a manner that they could not work the
mines. The bills introduced had been of that
character, and that is what created the excite-
ment.
I will say further, that the introduction of
those bills has depreciated the whole mining
country, and has undoubtedly prevented the
production of fifty millions of money, because
no man would invest his money in opening a
silver mine with a prospect of having it cut at
right angles after he had spent several hun-
dred thousand dollars in opening it.
Mr. CONNESS. The matter may be ex-
plained further and perhaps made a little plainer
by continuing the idea expressed by the Sena-
tor from Nevada, that these veins are always
encased in walls of rock resembling the width
of a ribbon, we will say, or any given width;
and those walls that incase the vein continue
right down, so that when one man goes under
another man's ground he has not a right by
this bill to go all through it and around it
and under it. He does not interfere with his
neighbor's property in any respect. He simply
follows the regular dip or slant of his vein, not
affecting his neighbor in any manner whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I understand
it. I would inquire whether there is any limit-
ation as to the amount that any one man can
purchase.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it limited to?
Mr. CONNESS. Any one man cannot claim
more than three hundred feet on a lode.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Three hundred feet on
t>li6 surface?
Mr. CONNESS. Three hundred feet in the
length of the lode, not three hundred feet in
the width; but as much land on either side of
that lode as is necessary to carry on his opera-
tions, which is determined by the local law.
Mr. STEWART. By the situation of the
vein.
Mr. CONNESS. That part of it is very
strictly guarded. This is the same bill which
we passed a short time since, without the alter-
ation of a line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: "A bill
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes.''
message fbom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MgPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
to the bill (II. R. No. 201) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 123) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Central Pacific railroad, in California, to
Portland, in Oregon, with an amendment, in
whi chit requested the concurrence ofthe Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 2&4) to incorporate the National
Capital Insurance Company, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
appointed the following as the joint select
committee on retrenchment on the .part of
the House: Messrs. Robert S. Half, of New
York, Robert C. Schexck of Ohio, Thomas
A. Jexckes of Rhode Island, Samuel J. Ran-
dall of Pennsylvania, and John L. Thomas
of Maryland.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 3) to revive the grade
of General in the United States Army; and it
was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (H. E. No. 261) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses ot the Government
for tlie year ending Jane 30,1867, and for other par-
poses, having met, after fall and free conference nave
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, as follows
to their respective Houses:
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered one, and agree to the same with an
amendment substituting the word "fifty'' in lieu of
"forty" in line seven, page2, of the bill; and tho
House agree to the same.
That the Senato recede from their* amendment
numbered two, and agree to the same with an
amendment substituting the words "sixty-five" in
lieu of "fifty" in line eight, page 2; and the Hoixsa
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered fourteen,
and agree to the same, with an amendment as fol-
lows: strike out of said amendment all after tho
words "Department of State" and insert in lieu
thereof, "and also an examiner of claim? for the saino
Department whose salary shall be S3.0UU per annum:
and the salary of the second Assistant Secretary of
State shall be $3,500 per annum, and such sums are
hereby appropriated."
That the House recede froth their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered fifteen, and
agree to the same amended as follows: strikeout tho
words "than $3,000 in any one year,-'?and substitute
asfollows: "tb n $2,500 in anyoneyearover and abova
the expenses of offiee rent and clerk hire, to be ap-
proved by the Secretary of State, of which returns
shall be made to the Secretary of the Treasury:" and
the Senate agree to the same, so amended.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the amendment of the Senate numbered nine, and
strike out the whole of it and substitute in lieu
thereof as follows: "and no money shall be paid to
the present minister resident at Portugal, out ol any
fund whatever, on account of further ktyh-c* in his
office:" and also strike out the word "Portugal," on
pagel, line ten, of the bill; and the Senate agree to
the same, so amended.
That the Senate reeedefrom their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to their amendment
numbered six, and agree to the panic.
CHARLES SUMNER,
JAMES W. GRIMKS,
LYMAN TRl"MBCI<L.
Managers oil the part of the I'Senate,
R, P. SPALDING,
N. P. BANKS.
JOHN WKNTWORTII.
Managers on the part ofthe House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the member
from Massachusetts whether by this report the
mission to Portugal is abolished, or whether
the pay has been taken away from the present
incumbent asjiroposed by the House.
Mr. SUMNER. The pay has been taken
away from the present incumbent, and there
is no appropriation for the coming year.
Mr. JOHNSON, That seems to me to be
rather .singular. An appropriation has been
tna'ie for that officer from the first. If there
is any objection to tho particular officer, I
suppose the Executive ought to remove him ;
