ft.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
December 5,
The document having been handed to the
Chair and opened, was announced to be the
President's annual message.
* The Secretary (Hon. John W, Fobhbt) read
the message. [The message will be published
in the Appendix.] .
Mr.. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, ThattheannuaImessa«eofthePresident
of the-TJnited States,.with, the accompanying docu-
• meats, be printed; and that five thousand additional
copies of the message be printed for the use of the
■Senate.
finance report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the finances; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
; , Tuesday, December 5, 1865.
The Souse met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
delegate from idaho.
Mr. BEAMAN announced that Mr. E. D.
Holbrook, Delegate-elect from the Territory
of Idaho, was in attendance and ready to take
the oath of office; whereupon Mr. Holbrook
presented himself and was duly qualified.
drawing for seats.
Mr. KASSON introduced the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Douse forthwith
place in a box the namo of cach Member and Bole-
gate of the House of Representatives written on a
■separate slip of paper; that he then proceed, in the
presence of the House, to draw from said box, one at
a time, the said slips of paper, and as each is drawn
- he shall announce the namo of the Member or Dele-
gate upon it, "who shall choose his seat for the present
session: Provided, Thatbeforesaid drawing sb all com-
mence the Speaker shall cause every seat to bo
vacated, and shall see that every seat continues va-
oant until it is solectcd under this order; and that
every seat, after having been selected, shall be deemed
vacant if loft unoccupied before the calling of the roll
is finished.
. In execution of the order of the House, the
Members and Delegates retired outside the
•Hall, and, as their names were drawn, reap-
peared and selected their seats.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had adopted the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of two members bo ap-
pointed, to join such eommitteo as may be appointed
by the House of Itepresentatives, to wait upon the
President of "the United States and inform him that
a quorum of cach House has assembled, and that
Congress is ready to receivo any communication lie
may be pleased to make.
Ordered, That Mr. Grimes and Mr. Weight be the
committee on the part of the Senate.
qualification of a member.
Mr. .T. L. THOMAS announced that, his col-
league, Mr. Francis Thomas, a Representative-
elect from the State of Maryland, was in attend-
ance, and ready to take the oath of office ;
.whereupon Mr. Francis TnoMAS presented
himself, and was duly qualified.
contested seats.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to present the memorial of
William E. Dodge, of New York, claiming the
seat on this floor for the eighth congressional
district of New York, now held by Hon. James
Brooks. I move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee of Elections, when appointed.
The SPEAKER. The memorial will be so
"referred. In this connection, the Chair lays
.before the House the petition of Augustus C.
.Baldwin, claiming the seat for the fifth dis-
trict of Michigan, now occupied by Hon. R. E.
Trowbridge.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
reference of that petition to the Committee of
Elections, when appointed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the petition will bo so referred.
report of the secretary of the treasury.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on the state of the
finances; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
election of chaplain.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the House
now proceed to the election of a Chaplain of
the House for the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. _ I desire to present, for
the position of Chaplain of this House, the name
of Rev. C. B. Boynton, agcntleman whose qual-
ifications and claims, were they known to this
House, would, I am sure, meet with ready rec-
ognition. Mr. Boynton has recently removed
to this city from Ohio. He is a Congregational
clergyman, and a gentleman of splendid abili-
ties. He is now engaged in writing a history
of the American Navy during the war just closed.
He is in all respects a man eminently worthy to
occupy the position of Chaplain of this House.
"With pen and voice, in the pulpit and out of the
pulpit, he has, during the war, rendered the
country signal and unremitting service. He
has given three sons to the Army, one of whom
served with great distinction as colonel of an
Ohio regiment. I desire to assure gentlemen
of this House who may not be acquainted with
Mr. Boynton that he will, if elected, make_a
most acceptable Chaplain. I take pleasure in
presenting his namo as a candidate.
Mr. O'NEILL. I nominate Rev. Thomas H.
Stockton, of Philadelphia. It is needless for
me to say anything in commendation of this
gentleman. He was formerly the Chaplain of
this House, and as such distinguished himself
by his faithfulness, eloquence, and piety. He is
well known throughout the country as one of
its most eminent divines. Ho is one of the
leading ministers of the Methodist Protestant
church. I need not say that he is a thoroughly
loyal gentleman. I hope that the House will
elect him as its Chaplain.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to place in nomination
Rev. Charles B. Parsons, of Lexington, Ken-
tucky. Following the course of gentlemen who
have preceded me, I will say that Mr. Parsons
is a true, devoted, loyal man, a gentleman and
a Christian, and the most eloquent divine to
whom 1 ever listened. He belongs to the Meth-
odist Episcopal church, in which he has ren-
dered good service for the last twenty-five or
thirty years, and during the last four years has
signalized himself by his efforts on behalf of
the Government of the United States.
I hope that the House will have the liberal-
ity to give us at least one man south of Mason
and Dixon's line, because north of that line
there cannot be found a better, a truer, an abler,
or a more eloquent man than Mr. Parsons. I
may hero remark, that the most beautiful, most
appropriate, most eloquent address delivered
upou the death of President Lincoln was deliv-
ered by Mr. Parsons. If this House will but
hear him preach, listen to his exhortations to
do right, and follow them, the legislation of
this body will redound to the interest and honor
of the Republic.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to inquire whether
any one of the gentlemen who have been nom-
inated has the eminent qualification of not
preaching politics in the pulpit on the Sabbath.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. El-
dridge] define what he calls "politics."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to nominate
Rev. L. C. Matlock, of Illinois. He is a very
worthy clergyman, a gentleman of most ex-
cellent character, and an eloquent speaker. He
was at one time the president of a university
in our State. After the breaking out of the
rebellion he was chosen chaplain of a regiment,
and served in that capacity for about one year,
when, believing that he could serve the country,
and serve, too, the soldiers with whom he was
associated as well, if not better, in another
capacity, he raised a company, which he took
into another regiment, of which he was elected
major, and commissiqned as such by the Gov-
ernor of Illinois. For the last two years he
has been fighting the rebels, giving them hard
blows in the field. He is both a praying and a
fighting patriot. He has shown his loyalty
where it cost a man something to be loyal—in
the battle's front; and, as a soldier, he has in no
instance been charged with sullying the cloth of
his ministerial profession. He has not thrown
aside his dignity or his manhood, but comes
out of the war, at its termination, pure as he
went in. This loyal and eloquent minister of
the Gospel and soldier of the Republic I nom-
inate for the position of Chaplain of this
House.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise, with
the indulgence of the House, for the purpose
of seconding the nomination of Rev. Thomas
H. Stockton, so eloquently presented by my
colleague, [Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. Stockton will be remembered by many
of the members of the present House as tho
Chaplain of the Thirty-Seventh Congress; and
all such will remember him as one whose life,
in its simplicity and purity, illustrated the re-
ligion he preached. He is a man as remarka-
ble for his learning and eloquence as for Ids
piety. It has been my privilege to know; him
for many years; and I may point, as an illus-
tration of his power, to the prayer delivered by
him at the consecration of the field at Gettys-
burg.
I rose to recall him to the recollection ofthose
who witnessed the manner in which he per-
formed his duties here. This I have done, but
before taking my seat I maybe permitted to
suggest to my distinguished friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Sjiith] that I was a little surprised
to hear from him an appeal bounded by Mason
and Dixon's line. Sir, that line no longer ex-
ists in the political phraseology of this coun-
try. It has been obliterated by patriotic blood;
and I hope we will hear no further reference
to it as an appeal by which to influence the
administration of the patronage and honors of
this Government. We are henceforth one peo-
ple, undivided by a line marking a land of free-
dom on one side and a land of slavery on the
other. [Applause.]
Tho SPEAKER. Tho Chair will state that
no manifestation of applause or disapprobation
can be tolerated in the galleries; and he now
instructs the doorkeepers, who have charge of
the several doors, to eject any person they see
expressing approval or dissent of what occurs
upon the floor of this House. This is a delib-
erative body, and while all persons are welcome
to the galleries, they must respect the proprie-
ties of the place and the occasion.
Mr. MOOIIHEAD. I rise for the purpose
of nominating Rev. James Presley, of the Uni-
ted Presbyterian church, for the office of Chap-
lain of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. Mr. Presley
preached in this Hall last winter, and I have no
doubt tho old members heard him, for 1 know
members of Congress generally attend church,
and as generally attend at the Capitol. I have
no doubt, then, that many of the gentlemen
present well recollect the eloquent Dr. Presley
who delivered an address in this Hall. For
loyalty, patriotism, and eloquence he is not
exceeded by any man in the Union.
Mr. STE'VENS. I nominate Rev. JamesG.
Butler, of the Lutheran church. I learn he has
done more good than any other man. And I
will say for the Rev. Mr. Stockton, in addition
to what others have already said, that he is the
most eloquent man in tho United States since
the fall of Henry Ward Boeeher. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, lot mc add to
the long list of nominations already before the
House, by suggesting the name of Rev. J. II.
C. BontS, of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
