1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
rebellion could never have been started .into
growth. Had not the same deception existed
in the North, the basis of northern sympathy
would have been taken away. Had it not been
for this wide-spread deception nearly the whole
country would have been a unit, and such unity
would have been on the side of free popular
government.
Having endeavored to elucidate the causes
and objects of the attempted revolution, I come
to the question of the political status of the
seceded States? I shall not argue the question,
whether technically or theoretically they are
States 01- Territories in the Union, or States out
of the Union. It is sufficient for me to know,
sir, that these States in a seeming political form
repudiated the Constitution of the United States;
that they had dissolved all connection with
the Union Government; that they had set up
government in form in opposition to it; that,
through force or persuasion, the bulk of the
population of these States had been induced or
compelled to forswear allegiance to the Union
Government, and swear allegiance to the oppo-
sition government. Without going further into
specifications, this was the attitude of the se-
cedcd States when the result of arms decided
that these States or Territories, and the people
thereon, belonged to the United States, and
were to bo dealt with precisely as the exigen-
cies of the case demanded. That these States
had demolished and broken down their old
State governments; that they had superseded
the State fundamental law, is technically, the-
oretically, and practically true; for it will not
be contended that State governments can exist
within the boundaries of the United States in
disconnection with the Constitution, or in op-
position to it: in short, State government can-
not exist that does not accord with the Consti-
tution, and which is not in subordination to this
supreme law of the land. Neither the Presi-
dent, nor Congress, nor any department of the
Government has yet assumed that the seceded
States could reinst ituto State government under
their old constitutions. They have been told
by the President that new constitutions must
be made. They have been told the same by
Congress. The people of these States are well
aware that the old lundamental law was over-
thrown ; that the pretended new governments,
set up in the places of the old, have been de-
molished ; and that the condition of citizenship
has been immensely altered. I do not think,
sir, that any one will contend that these old
State govern nients eau be revived by.1Kirt'.fucias;
for we have neither precedent nor authority for
any such political writ; besides, there has been
such a change of parties that it would render
such a process entirely inexpedient. If 1 mis-
take not, sir, we are thrown back on the Con-
stitution for power to deal with these States
as States, or as Territories, and it. matters not,
to my mind, what their technical condition
inay be.
The President, has told us by implication that
there is a superintending power ot control over
these States. In the preamble of his procla-
mations, appointing the provisional governors,
he has cited that clause in the Constitution
which provides that "the United States shall
guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of government." It seems to be
admitted that there is outside of these States
a controlling power, and that the emergency has
arisen that calls such power into requisition. It
is important to know precisely where this power
is lodged. These questions are new to us. They
have no precedent. The public mind is in con-
fusion, and perhaps the several departments of
the Government equally so. While it may be
excusable to bo in error as to the lodgment of
this superintending power, it is of peculiar im-
portance t.Mat it should be exercised onlj' by
the department of the Government in which
the Constitution has placed it. In constru-
ing the above clause we have the assistance of
Mr. Madison's opinion as to its meaning:
"It may possibly be asked, what need there could
be for such a precaution, and whether it may not
become a preiext for alterations in the State govern-
ments without tUo oonourrenee of tho States them-
selves 1 These questions admit of ready answers. If
the interposition of the General Government should
not bo needed, tho provision for such an event would
be a harmless superfluity only in the Constitution. But
who can say what experiments maybe produced by
the caprice of particular States, by the ambition of
enterprising leaders, or by the intrigues of foreign
Powers?"
I will assume, sir, without the aid of Mr.
Madison's opinion, that this superintending
power is lodged in the General Government.
I assert that the Constitution itself, in plain
terms, makes it a self-evident proposition. By
grouping the provisional clause with the lodg-
ment of power, and following it with the final
clause as to what shall be the supreme law, it
reads thus:
"Tho United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government."
" Congress shall have power to make all laws which
may be necessary and proper for carryingriato execu-
tion this power, and all the other powers vested by
this Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or in any department or officer thoreof; and
this Constitution, and tho laws made in pursuance
thereof, shall bo tho supremo law of the land, and
the judges in every State shall bo bound thereby, any-
thing in the constitution or laws of any State to tho
contrary notwithstanding."
As I have said elsewhere, it makes no differ-
ence whether the seceding States are called
States or Territories; whether they are techni-
cally one or the other. The Constitution deals
with States as States ; it is the sovereign of sov-
ereignties, and allows of no political institution
or power in contumacy with its provisions. It
interdicts the-granting of any title of nobility.
It inhibits the establishment of any anti-repub-
lican government through privileged class. It
seeks to establish and enforce the maintenance
of suffrage government, and no other. In ad-
dition to the form of the Government the enu-
meration of personal rights in tho Constitution
to be protected, prescribes the kind and qual-
ity of the governments that are to be established
and maintained in the States.
It has been said that '' a State cannot com-
mit treason," and that consequently "the Gen-
eral Government has no power to coerce a
State." I deny both propositions. In case a
State through its political organization puts
itself in opposition to the Constitution and the
laws made in pursuance of it, and in addition
thereto resorts to force to obstruct the execu-
tion of such laws, tho State as a State commits
treason, and every individual engaged is liable
to be indicted, convicted, and hanged: nor is
this all, sir. The State as a State, in case the
contumacy is general enough to impose the
necessity, can be politically punished. Its State
government can be taken away, and the State
governed by such laws and regulations as Con-
gress may prescribe. It can bo held in politi-
cal duress by a military guard. It can be re-
strained and constrained and held in an iron
grasp for such time as is necessary to bring the
population to acquiesce in a political arrange-
ment that accords with the Constitution. More
than that; when the time arrives to go anew
into State organization, Congress can prescribe
the conditions; the provisions in its fundamen-
tal law ; its rule of suffrage, or anything else
to bring it into compliance with the supreme
law. There are those who seem to believe that
our Constitution was framed for the purpose of
optional disintegration instead of compulsory
Union. Our fathers prescribed no buch pro-
gramme. They knew what they were about.
Instead of believing with the English Reviews,
(hat our national domain waslarge enough for
"eight republics," they said "there shall be
but one." Judging from the scenes that have
transpired during the last five years, I conclude
that the bulk of their descendants have not yet
apostatized from their doctrine.
In the enumeration of natural and personal
rights to be protected, the framers of the Con-
stitution apparently specified everything they
could think of—"life," liberty," "prop-
erty," "freedom of speech," " freedom of the
press," "freedom in the exorcise of religion,"
" security of person," &e.; and then, lestsome-
thing essential in the specifications should have
been overlooked, it was provided in the ninth
amendment that "tho enumeration in the Con-
stitution of certain rights should not be con-
strued to deny or disparage other rights Dot
enumerated.'' This amendment completed the
document. It left no personal or natural right
to be invaded or impaired by construction.
AH these rights are established by the funda-
mental law. Congress has no power to invade
them; but it has power "to make all laws
necessary and proper'' to give them effective
operation, and to restrain the respective States
from infracting them.
Will it be contended, sir, at this day, that
any State has the power to subvert or impair
the natural and personal rights of tho citizen ?
Will it be contended that the doctrine of "State
sovereignty'' has so far survived the wreck of
its progenitor, slavery, that wo are yet kept
aloof from the true construction of the Con-
stitution? I am aware, sir, that the political
disease called '' State sovereignty'' with some
minds has become chronic. With the inven-
tion of the cotton-gin, the spinning-jenny, and
the power-loom, slavery became profitable. It
grew to be "the great corner-stone." Stimu-
lated by these auxiliaries it swelled into a
"divinity." Nearly contemporaneous with the
rapid growth of slave profits commenced the
perversion of tho resolutions of 1798. Ever
sinec there has been a restless ghost wandering
about called "State rights." It haunted the
White Houso for forty years. It filled places
in the Departments. It took its seat in the
Senate and in the House. It became speaker
and presiding officer in southern State Legis-
latures. The secession interpretation of the
resolutions of 1798 was its political scripture.
It seemed so ubiquitous and pertinacious in the
propagation of its doctrines, that a stranger,
coming from a foreign land, would have mis-
taken the perversion of these resolutions for
the fundamental law of the nation. 1 confess,
Mr. President, that I lived to be l'orty-tive years
of age before I learned the whole meaning of
the doctrine of " State sovereignty." I never
knew until the 12th day of April, 18G1, when
this omnipresent ghost of " State rights" wont
down to Charleston and superintended tho
artillery that opcrfed on Sumter.
While slavery existed as a political power, it
was not possible to adopt a true construction of
tho fundamental law. It was not possible to
assert with success or vindicate the power of
Congress. For one, sir, I now propose to go
•down to the "hard-pan" of the Constitution.
This is necessary in order to lay the foundation
for the restructure of southern State govern-
ment; and, sir, if "hard-pan" is not solid enough
for stable foundation, lam ready to join the
Senator from Massachusetts and go down to
granite. 1 stand here to vindicate the Consti-
tution and the power of Congress under it. This
Constitution is not a dangerous instrument. It
has no attribute of oppression. The power of
Congress is not a dangerous power, for it is only
a power of protection. It is all arrayed on the
side of right and justice, and the more of it
there is, when properly exercised, the better.
As a power, with attributes to maintain the na-
tionality, we have just learned that it is a ter-
rible power. Instead of its being " a rope of
sand," as supposed by Europeans and seces-
sionists, it is found to be a cable of strength.
As a power of protection, it is imperious and
overshadowing. The proudest State must bow
in deference to its behests, for its sccpter is the
golden rule. None but petty tyrants need fear
it, for it interferes not with the just.
I assume, Mr. President, that Congress,
under the Constitution, has a controlling power
to enforce the principle of protection on all the
States. Congress is the tribunal of States; and
this tribunal of States is the umpire in judging
of what is protective republican government in
the several States, and what is not; what the
form of the State government should be, and
what it should not be; what the distribution of
power or degree of enfranchisement in order
to guard against the despotism of class; and
what the machinery to be adopted or tolerated
so as to make the State government effective
on the side of protection. No State govei nmcnt
