1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3953
Dut to have a minister there and not to pay
him seems to me to be singular.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator ask for
any explanation?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; I should like
to know what it is.
Mr. SUMNER. The original proposition
came from the House, and in its first form it
was that the mission should be abolished.
When the committee of conference camc to-
gether it was evident from what was said that
in that proposition the House were firm $ they
were determined not to yield, and it was im-
possible for us to proceed in our conference
until we had entertained that proposition. The
result of further discussion was that the prop-
osition was modified in the form in which it is
now reported. Instead of undertaking to abol-
ish the mission, the appropriation for the com-
ing year for the mission was taken out, and
there was an express provision to the effect
that the present incumbent should not be paid
for any further services out of any fund what-
ever. If the Senator wishes to know why that
was done, I shall not go into any statement,
but shall content myself, if the Senator re-
quires it, by sending to the Chair a letter from
Mr. Seward, covering a letter, which has been
printed, from the present minister to Portugal.
That correspondence discloses the origin of
the determination on the part of the House,
and to which the committee 011 the part of the
Senate finally yielded.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no desire to have
the letter read. I have seen nearly the whole
letter, or portions of the letter, primed ; but I
supposed that that letter was intended to be a
private letter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of State
explains that. Let us hear his explanation.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the letter of the Sec-
retary of State be read.
Mr. SUMNER. The letter of the Secretary
of State perhaps had better be read. It will
appear from that that the letter of Mr. Harvey
was printed at the request of the President of
the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows :
Department of State.
"Washington, June 19, I860.
Sir: T have had the honor to receive the letter
which, as secretary of the Committee 011 Appropria-
tions of the House of Representatives, you addressed
to me on the 15th instant, and in which you commu-
nicate a resolution of the committee, " that the Sec-
retary of State be requested to iarnish this committee
with a copy of a letter from Mr. Harvey, minister at
Portugal, said to have been addressed to the Depart-
ment of State,and published in one of theNew York
papers some five or six weeks since, which liad spe-
cial reference to the action of Congress."
In reply, I have the honor to say that some time in
April last 1 received, among unofficial letters upon
political questions fioin citizens at home and abroad,
o>-j of this character which wsk nil dressed to mvself
personally, and which bears date the 21th of March
last, from .James 1*]. Ilarvey,Esq., who is the minister
resident of thcUnited States at Lisbon. On reading
the letter and finding it to contain a discussion 01 the
policy of the Administration in regard to the closing
of the civil war, I submitted it, with others of the
same character, to the President of the United States
for his iniormation. He remitted it to me with a
suggestion that it might be expedient to publish it.
X thereupon handed the original or a copy of it to
the publisher or agent of the New York Times. It
did not then seem to me nor did it occur to me that
it might seem to others that the letter had either
any official character or any special reference to
Congress. The letter was published without any
thought that it reflected upon Congress or even that
it alluded to them, and simply for its bearing upon
the question of reconciliation and the tribute which
I thought it justly paid to the President of the Uni-
ted States in connection with that question.
By the Presidcnt'sdirection I inclose the letter to
you for the information of the committee.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM. H. SEWAUD.
R. J. Stevens, Esq., Secretary to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, House of lleprescntalives.
Several Sexatous. Let the other letter b®
Mr. SUMNER. I have here the letter of
Mr. Harvey, and I will ask that that be read
also.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read, bo that it
may go 011 the record.
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 248.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Lisbon, March 24, i860.
Dear Governor: I thank you lor myself and for
many others tor your recent speech in New York,
which has the ring of the true metal, and is a direct
and logical conscquence of the policy consistently
shaped through the last lour years. If the Admin-
istration cannot be sustained in fighting on "that
line ' it had better surrender absolutely, tor no other
plan of campaign can possibly succeed, and if it fails,
woe be to those who cause the deleat.
The folly and madness of some of our so-called
friends astound and mortify those who are removed
from the hot atmosphere of passion and interest.
They make willlul war upon the man who, of all
others, challenges, from exceptional causes, respect,
admiration, and sympathy, for his noble conduct,
and who has made more sacrifices tor the great prin-
ciples which have triumphed than these self-consti-
tuied leaders, backed by their admiring followers,
have done all their lives, or piobably would do, in
presence of such dangers as he incurred for their
defense. Tried by tao sternest tests to which human
endurance could be subjected, he has exhibited a
gi\md and imposing fidelity, which stands out in
striking iclief to the cheap professions of levileis,
who shouted loudly enough tor the "cause" whose
advocacy involved no personal peril, and whose zeal
was not without the promise of reward.
Certainly I have never been of the number of those
who admiied the President's loriner "Democracy''
in its party sense, but I Should feel my.-elt wanting
in the heart of a true American could i withhold, or
see withheld, from him the justiee due to such ru.re
devotion as he has shown, or tail to recognize his pre-
eminent services to the Union and his modest but
unflinching loyalty, or hold back the grasp of grati-
tude and allection. When we do not honor such qual-
ities wc dishonor ourselves. Since attaining his high
responsibilities he has exhibited capacities of states-
manship and traits of personal eharaclerwhieh have
extorted the admiration oi'tlie nations in Eiuope least
disposed to look with favor upon our institutions or
the men who shape and illustrate them. Duty, patri-
otism, and even beilisane%o, all combined, as it were,
to urge the suppoit of the wise and practical policy
which the Administration was obliged to accept and
pursue in the absence of any deviocd or proposed by
Con^iessfor a state of peace. Differences of detail
might be expected in the new order of things, but
surely tltey did not warrant such accusations as were
made and such menaccs as weic more than inti-
mated againit the President, or the slightest with-
drawal of ^confidence from hiu, much less a rup-
ture, which in some quarters seemed to have been
designedly piovoked. While any collision between
the majority in Congress and the President is to be
regretted, the recent explosion will operate like
electricity in clearing the atmospheie. The com-
mon strong sense of the country will vindicate, itself'
again, as it has often done before, by an instruction
likely to be remembered by those who would " rule
or ruin." The people aiewcaiy of agitation, merely
for the sake of agitation, and they demand that peace,
order, and law shall be reestablished throughout the
length and breadth of the Union. Faction can no
more arrest the march of those events than the march
of the waves, which will not go so far and 110 farther
at their bidding, though they may command with the
tongue of a thousand Canutes.
Let the Administration go straight forward and
without shrinking and all will bo well, howl as par-
tisanship may at us heels. Look a!^ the 1 coord of
your own individual experience mucoj.^1, it instruc-
tion and encouragement be needed. Who so perse-
cuted, outraged, and traduced, and by many who
should hang their heads down in very shame, and
who so triumphantly honored smd sustained, even to
the dangerous point of being praised by the com-
pelled homage of revilers ?
If it weie possible to destroy the Union and with
it all hopes of the future, the men engaged m and
exciting the crusade would be exactly the appro-
priate instruments. All their endeavors, their en-
thusiasm, and their desires have bem diiectedto
that end, if not with intention, at least with a mis-
chievous policy, that if successful could produce no
other result. Tlicy seem to have taken their le&sons
of wisdom from the Duke of Alva, wSiose advice,
unreason, and obstinate conduct cost Philip II, one
of the fairest parts of his dominions. Mm us the iui m
of the Inquisition—of which the modern Alvas would
preserve all the punishment—there is a striking par-
allel between the champions of harsh andheadstiong
zeal three hundred yeais ago and that which lashes
itself into fury now, and merely because it cannot
have "its own way."
We are fighting a new battle for the Union, and
against Iocs the more dangerous tor being insidious
and within the lines of our camp. But I have not a
particle of doubt about the result, any more than I
had about the issueot the other wai, when our proper
strength could be collected and jud'ciously applied.
The crisis demands positive remedies and direct
treatment. Quackery will kill m this extremity.
Therefore the sooner it is undeisiood that the lino
must be drawn broadly and clearly the sooner will
the Administration be relieved from some of the
dangers which incidentally menace it.
Whoever has studied the events of the war must be
convinced that the black man cared very little for
his own status or was willing to make much eiiort to
change it. No such opportunity was ever offered to
an enslaved race to strike for itself, and certainly en-
couragement enough was given to it to do so in some
directions. Every proper and humane man feels
that, emancipated as that race now is, it should have
every just aid and protection until ableto help itself.
But let me tell yon, from somo little observation on
the subject and some knowledge of the people, that
human ingenuity could not devise a more effective
method for fastening another form of bondage upon
them than this ballot, whifh is proposed as their
sovereign panacea. Give them that right and I
would pledge my life on the result, if the test could
be fairly made, that almost ninety per cent, of the
whole black population would vote on the side of
their old masters; or, in other words, become the in-
struments of fastening new chains upon themselves.
And if over the day comes (which I hope never to see
for fear of theconsequences) when these people may
vote without condition, you may expect to see the
South compacted by negro suffrage and uniting with
the northern so-called "Democracy" to regain pos-
session of the Governmentandoverthrow everything
thus far accomplished. And such a result would be
quite in keeping with the sagacity and the modera-
tion of those who are ready to sacrifice everything
saercd to the one idea of their foolish fanaticism.
I have not been able to sccthcimminencyof a war
of races on account of the ballot, as supposed by the
President, but I do see in it the much more seri-
ous danger now suggested. The old hatred and jeal-
ousy between the negro and the ignorant white class
(that the negro in his loftiness calls the " poor buekra")
would lead to collision, probably, if they were ap-
proached by an equalizing process like suffrage, but
I cannot think anything serious would come of it.
The political aspect of the question, is much graver,
and ought not to be ignored. Of course Frederick
Douglass and his followers would argue differently,
but experience is worth a little more than their de-
lusive theories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me we have
heard enough of that. ["Oh, no."} There is
no need to take up the time here in reading
this dissertation.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought of objecting to
the reading of this letter, but I understood the
Secretary, in the first letter which was read, to
say that this had "the ring of the true metal,"
and 1 wanted to hear it and see it published.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Theletter has been pub-
lished, if anybody wants to see it.
The PRESIDENT/)?^ tempore. Objection
being made to the reading of the letter, it will
be determined by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire whether that
is a private letter, and how it came to be pub-
lished.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a private letter, I
understand.
Mr. WADE. Iiow came it before us? Can
anybody toll?
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Seward tells us in his
letter that it was published at the instance of
the President of the United States.
Mr. WADE. I understand it to be a private
letter, published without the authority of tho
writer, and whatever its .statements may be, I
think we do ourselves no honor in reading it
over in public or basing any action whatever
upon it. It looks to me as though it had 110
business here before us, 110 matter what it may
contain, and that we ought to base no action
upon a private letter drawn out in that way.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose the reading is
very nearly finished. I have listened withgreat
attention and considerable interest to the state-
ments contained in the letter, especially with
a view to iind that part of it which contained
'' the ring of the true metal.'' Thus far I have
not been able to hear that peculiar "ring,"
and I wish that the letter may, in justice to the
author, be read entirely through in order that
we may get at the nub of it, if it has any.
Mr. JOHNSON. When the existence of
this letter was brought to the attention 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope, before the Senator
proceeds, that the reading of the letter will be
finished.
Mr. JOHNSON. I"thought it was finished.
I think we have heard enough of it. I move
to dispense with the further reading of the
letter.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the letter will be proceeded with.
The Secretary continued the reading, as
follows: , v
"Wishing you well through all these vexations, I
am, as ever, faithfully, n -rT?v .
JAMES E. ^ARVLY.
[Laughter.] W
Mr. JOHNSON. I was satisfied that tho
letter liad nearly all been read, and could not
imagine what more the writer could havo said.
