1866.
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2033
iels, praying^ for pay as second lieutenant of
the third Minnesota battery from the 3d of
February to the 28th of May, 1808, inclusive ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POLAND. I present the petition of
George W. Tarleton, setting forth that he was
at the commencement of the rebellion a resi-
dent of Mobile, Alabama, and a loyal citizen.
He was the owner of property to the amount
of some five or six thousand dollars in the
State of New York, bonds, mortgage, and
other property; and proceedings were insti-
tuted against the property on the ground that
he was a rebel in arms against the Govern-
ment, and this without any notice to him or
any opportunity to have notice; and the prop-
erty was confiscated and taken by the. Govern-
ment. He prays that it may be restored to
him. 1 move the reference of the petition to
the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) for
the transfer of funds appropriated for the pay-
ment of salaries in the Post Office Department
to the general salary account of that Depart-
ment, have directed me to report it back with
the recommendation that the amendment be
concurred in. it is a very simple matter, and
I trust the Senate will at once consider the
amendment.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives, which was to add to the joint
resolution the following proviso :
Provided, That this joint resolution shall not bo
construed to increase the appropriations already
made for the service of the Post Office Department.
The amendment was concurred in.
REGISTERS TO VESSELS
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 89) to issue American registers to the
steam vessels Michigan, Despatch, and William
Ii. Muir, have directed me to report it back
with the recommendation that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives, with an amendment. As this is an
important measure, and it is important that it
should be immediately acted upon, I ask the
Senate to consider it now.
There being no objection, the Senate t>ro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill, which was to add
to it the following words :
And American registers, or enrollment and license,
to the following-named vessels, that is to say, to the
sloop Jenny Lmd of Woli Island, of Oswego, New
York; the schooner Coquette, ofOakville; Trenton,
of Trenton; l'orest Queen; Two Brothers, of Wal-
laceburg; Minetta, of On n anoqueand Elizabeth,
of Oswego, New York: the bark St. Elizabeth, of
Provincetown, Massachusetts; the barks Advance
and Acorn, and schooner Asia, of Chicago, Il'inois;
the steamer Princo Albert, of Georgetown. District
of Columbia; the brig Maitland, propeller Niagara,
and steamboat Canadian, of Buffalo, New York; the
schooner K. P. Ityerse, of Cleveland, Ohio; the
schooner Eureka, of Marzarctta, Ohio; the brigan-
tmo City of Toronto, of Erie, Pennsylvania; and the
schooner YVavcrtreo, of Cleveland, Ohio.
The Committee on Commerce reported in
favor of concurring m the amendment of the
House of Representatives, with an amendment,
as follows:
And American registers, or enrollment and license,
to the following-named vessels, that is to say, the ship
Screamer, now called the Roamer, of Brunswick,
Maine; the barge Mary, of Detroit; the steam-tug
Sampson, of Detruit; and the schooners Caledonia
and Enterprise, of Detroit; and the Anglo-Saxon, a
Canadian-built vessel.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the House, as amended,
was concurred in.
The title of the bill was amended by adding
the words, "and for other purposes."
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
39th Coxg. 1st Sess>.—No. 128.
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 236) to authorize and establish
certain post roads, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of John Ericsson, praying for compensa-
tion for his services in planning the United
States war steamer Princeton and planning and
superintending the construction of the machin-
ery therefor, together with an opinion of the
Court of Claims in his favor, submitted a re-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 274) for the
relief of John Ericsson. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
215) concerning certain land granted to the
State of Nevada, have instructed mc to report
it with amendments, for the purpose of having
the amendments printed and the bill recom-
mitted to the committee.
The amendments were ordered to be printed,
and the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred a communication from the Postmaster
General on the subject of a patent ""canceling
and marking stamp used by that Depait.menl,
repoited a joint resolution (S. R. No. 70) mak-
ing compensation to Shaver & Corse, assignees,
for the use ot' a combined post-marking and
canceling stamp by the Post Oflice Depart-
ment ; which was road, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. 459) granting a pension to Anna li. Ward,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from tlie_ same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Cornelius Crowley,
praying for an increase of pension, submitted
a report, aecompaniod by a bill (S. No. 275)
for the relief of Cornelius Crowley. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of Linn county, Iowa, praying that, a
pension may bo granted to Mrs. Jerusha Wit-
ter, widow of Dr. Amos Witter, late surgeon
of the seventh regiment Iowa infantry, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
27(i) for the relief of Mrs. Jerusha Witter.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
CONDITION 01? SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
• Resolved, That the President be. requested to fur-
nish the Senate of the United States with any addi-
tional official reports or information ho may have
received relative to the condition of the southern
people and the States lately in rebellion.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution;
licsolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of transfer-
rin? the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Depart-
ment of the Interior to the Department of War, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that I think
there is now a resolution of that character be-
fore one of the committees. I have no objection,
however, to the adoption of this.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and,agreed to.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES ON SENATOR FOOT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution for printing the addresses delivered
on the announcement of the death of Hon.
Solomon Foot, with the funeral sermon of
Rev. Dr. Sunderland, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage j jin$
I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Sesolved, That there be published in pamphlet
form, for the u&e of the Senate, six thousand copies
of the addresses made by the members ofthe Senate
and members of the House of Representatives upon
the occasion ofthe announcement ofthe death ofHon.
Solomon Foot; and "that Rev. Dr. Sunderland be
requested to furnish a copy of the sermon delivered
bv him at the funeral of Senator Foot, to be published
with syid addresses.
The resolution was adopted.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. WILSON. T move to take up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
for the admission of Colorado was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether the
Senate will take up the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question. The question is, W ill the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of that subject?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will not proceed with the consideration
of that question to-day, and 1 assign two rea-
sons why they should not proceed with it to-day.
The first is that on looking about the Senate I
see many Senators absent who ought to be hero
at the consideration of so important a question.
That is my first reason. The scoond reason is
that this day in this city is dedicated to the
cause of human freedom and human rights—
of emancipation. The streets to-day are filled
with a happy people, emancipated by act of
Congress, who are celebrating the anniversary
of their rights. J t is, sir, no proper day in which
to proceed to recognize human inequality and
in which to receive into this Union a commu-
nity which chooses to insult the age by appear-
ing here with a constitution setting at defiance
the fundamental principles of the Declaration
of'Independence. Sir, this is no day iu which
to proceed with the consideration of that ques-
tion. 1 insist that this day shall be kept conse-
crated to human rights, that it shall not bo given
up to an attempt to recognize the overthrow of
human rights.
I may bo told, sir, that there are but ninety
colored persons in this distant Territory who
arc to bo sacrificed. If there were but one,
that would be enough to justify my opposition.
Out of those ninety, more than seventy-five I
am told have borne arms for you in the late
war; and yet these people are now positively
disfranchished in the constitution which it is
proposed to recognize. Sir, if you choose to
do it, if you choose to insult the public senti-
ment of this age by such an act, do not do it
to-day.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have made
this motion this morning in pursuance of anotice
which I gave yesterday. My colleague opposes
it, as he has a right to do, although he was one
of the most prompt men in the Senate to take
up the proposition to authorize Colorado to do
precisely what she has done. He voted not
only to take up that proposition in preference
to other business, but he voted for the bill to
allow Colorado to make a constitution and
come here, and that bill authorized her to make
this distinction or not to make it, just as she m
pleased. That bill did not even make a sust
gestion that she should secure equality before'
the law to all her citizens. On the 3d day of
March, 1863, my colleague voted that the peo-
ple of the Territory of Colorado should ,b,e'
authorized to frame a constitution, and that the
President should admit her into the Union,
when she framed it, on his proclamation. Ha
did not then propose to provide that she should
not make this distinction. He never suggested
it; he did not dream of it. All of us on this
side of the Chamber, I think, voted for that
bill; and had Colorado framed her constitution
immediately, she would be in the UniQR to-day
just as Nevada is, for which he also voted.
Although I voted against taking up the prop-
osition when my colleague voted to do so, yet
when it was up, and we came to a vote on the
passage of'the bill, I voted for it; and the vote
\yas 18 to, 17; but it was not passed until.Maroh
No'w, sir, thepeople of Colorado have availed
