1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2993
to -night, but we desire to make some progress ;
for I think all Senators will bear me witness
that we have r>ever been so much behind in
matters before the Senate at any session as we
are now. It is desirable for some of us to
have a vote on this question on Friday by
three or four o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Say five o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. That would put it out of the
power of some of us to go away from the city.
It is necessary, I will say, that I should leave
in the train on Friday evening, if I can. If
we can have a vote by three or four o'clock on
Friday 
Mr. JOHNSON. The train does not go
until half past six.
Mr. CLAKK. But we shall want something
to cat after we get out of the Senate. If we
can agree to take the vote by three or four
o'clock on EYiday, I shall be entirely content.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have a few remarks
to make yet. I have repeated the expression
so often that I do not care to do it again, that,
we ought to press the business that is before
the Senate. I have expressed my desire that
we shall not be kept here in the very hot months;
but I have become almost indifferent about
that. When I proposed this afternoon to ad-
journ, I thought it was a very reasonable prop-
osition, especially in view of the fact that we
had adjourned yesterday afternoon simply to
accommodate a Senator who was addressing
the Senate, and to allow him to occupy two
days instead of one, and especially in view of
the fact that that one Senator has occupied
more of the time of the Senate than all the
minority put together. I have also desired to
agree upon some time when the vote shall be
taken. I have always been ready to agree
upon an hour for taking the vote on any prop-
osition before the Senate; but I am entirely
indifferent now, and would just as lief stay here
for the remainder of the evening as not.
I wish to speak of one other proposition of
Ethics on the part of the Senator from Ohio.
In his usual plausible and delightful style he
said that he would go with his party friends
for a proposition that did not command his
judgment rather than go with the Opposition
and a portion of his party friends for a prop-
osition that did command his judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Sen-
ator quite states my position.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is about the idea.
I was trying to give the very words the Senator
used, and I thought I had them, but not quite.
That was about the idea, that rather than be
associated with Democrats in the right, he
would be associated with Republicans in the
wrong. I can only account for that on the part
of so elevated a gentleman in morals and intel-
lect by the fact that he has been associated with
Republicans in so much that is wrong ho has
to some extent become satisfied with that con-
dition.
The Senator laid down another proposition
which struck me as singular. Ho said that if
the southern States refused the right to vote to
the negroes, and thereby said the negroes were
not fit to vote, the southern people ought not
to have representation for a class of men that
they themselves said were unfit to be citizejis.
I want to know how the Senator is going to vote
for this proposition if that doctrine be right;
and it is not upon non-essentials, it is upon
essentials. It is upon the most essential feat-
ure of this resolution—the relative representa-
tion of the States in the House of Representa-
tives. It is not a non-essential; it is of the
very essence of the resolution. The people of
Missouri have by a most unjust, as T think, pro-
vision of their constitution said that one half
of the people of Missouri are unfit to vote.
How is it that the Senator will now, in amend-
ing the Constitution, continue to that minority
a right to representation for the majority which
they have by constitutional amendment declared
unfit to vote?
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you want an answer?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Apply the principle.
I am just discussing it. The, Senator says that
39th Cosro. 1st Styss.—No. 188.
if the southern States elect to hold that the
negi'ocs are unfit to vote, they shall not be
voted for upon principle; but upon principle
if in Missouri a minority, by accidental power,
excluding a majority, upon the ground that
the majority is unfit to vote, the minority shall
have a full representation for the whole. I
want to know how that is. It is not upon a
non-essential, not npon a matter of organiza-
tion or political policy with which he agrees
with his party, but upon a question of equality
and justice in the representation of the States ;
upon the very merit and heart of this measure,
if it has got any merit at all.
Mr. President, if it is the pleasure of the
Senate to adjourn I will not occupy the Sen-
ate any longer at this time; but whatever is
the pleasure of the majority is my pleasure on
that question.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the motion
temporarily if the Senator from Kentucky
desires to speak.
Mr. DAVIS. I have two or three amend-
ments that I want to present, and should like
to have the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Oregon voted on before I move
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can speak on that
just as well.
Mr. DAVIS. I will adopt the course sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
and speak to the general proposition of my
amendments.
Mr. STEWART. I move' that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June t3, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SAFK-KEEPING OF PUBLIC MONEY.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, reported
back House bill No. Gil, to regulate and secure
the safe-keeping of public money intrusted to
disbursing officers of the United States, with
amendments.
The bill was read, as follows;
Be it enacted bit the Senate and House of Representa-
tive? of the United States of America, i.i Cunrji '-yy "
blert, That from and after the passage of this net it
shall be the duty of every disbursing officer of tlio
United States, other than those connected with the
Post Offieo Department, having any public money
intrusted to him for disbursement, to deposit the
same with the Treasurer or someone of the Assistant
Treasuieis of the United States and to draw foi the
same only as it may be i eqini c\l for payments to he
made by him in pursuance of law: J'rncaled, That m
places where there is no Treasurer nor Assistant
Treasurer of the United States tho Secretary of
the Treasury mav, when ho deems it essential to the
public interest, specially authorize, in writing', the
deposit of such public money in any other public
depository, or, in writing, authorize the same to be
kept in any other manner, and under such rules and
regulations as he may deem most sate and elfectual to
facilitate the payments to public auditors.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any dis-
bursing officer of the United States shall deposit any
public money intrusted to him in any place or in any
manner except as authorized bylaw, or shall convert
to his own use in any way whatever, or shall loan,
with or without interest, orsha.ll for any purpose not
fer or apply any puriion ot the public money m-
or applied, and every such act is hereby declared a
felony.
The amendments proposed by the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency were read, as
follows:
First amendment;
Strike out these words in the first seniton. in lines
four and five: "other than those connected with the
Post Office Department."
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Amend the fust section by inserting before the
word " provided," in line ten, these words:
And all transfers from the Treasury of the United
States to a disbursing officer shall be by a draft or .
warrant on tho Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of
the United States."
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add the following as the third section of tho bill:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any banker,
broker, or any person not an authorized depositary
of public money, shall receive from any disbursing
officer or collector of internal revenue or other agent
of the United States any public money on deposit, or
by way of loan or accommodation with or without
interest, or otherwise than in payment of a debt
against the United States, or shall use, transfer, con-
vert, appropriate, or apply any portion of the public
money for any purpose not prescribed by law, or
shall counsel, aid, or abet any disbursing officer or
collector of internal revenue or other agent of the
United States in so doing, every such act shall be
deemed and adjudged as an embezzlement of the
money so deposited, loaned, transferred, used, con-
verted, appropriated or applied; and any president,
cashier, teller, director, or other officer of a,ny bank
or banking association who shall violate any of the
provisions of this act shall be deemed and adjudged
guilty of embezzlement of public money, and pun-
ished accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho question recurred on ordering the bill
as amended to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I wish to call the
attention of the chairman of the committee to
a provision of this bill. It provides that cer-
tain acts shall be deemed felony. I have not
examined the statute to know whether there is
any general provision of law in regard to a
mode of punishment for a felony where the
punishment itself is not prescribed in the act.
Sly impression is there is no such general pro-
vision. If not, there should be some provis-
ion of that kind in this bill, otherwise there
will be no punishment provided. I am not
prepared at this moment to submit an amend-
ment because I do not know the degree of pun-
ishment which the committee desire to attach
to the felony. I ask to have the second section
read.
The Clerk read section two.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will prepare an
amendment for that purpose.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I ask my colleague [Mr.
IIoorEp,] whether it is the intention of the com-
mittee to change the law or the practice in
regard to deposits made by collectors. It seems
to me that one of the groat evils which we ought
immediately to guard against is the deposit of
public funds in the national banks by collectors.
They should be required to deposit their col-
lections in the Treasury at once. We are pay-
ing interest on a largo sum of money which is
deposited in these national banks for no pur-
pose whatever except to stimulate speculation
and endanger private and public credit.
Mr. HOOPEll, of Massachusetts. In reply
to the question by my colleague, I would state
that we have agreed in committee to propose
an amendment to the section of the banking
law which authorizes the national banks to be
used as public depositories by requiring at all
times an amount of United States securities
deposited in the Treasury equal to the amount
of moneys deposited in the banks, and it is
made the duty of the Treasurer, whenever the
public money in any national bank exceeds the
amount of securities held by him, to withdraw
the cxeess and place it in the public Treasury.
Mr. BOUTWELL. T am satisfied for the
present, if the subject is to come before the
House.* But I wish to say now that it seeing
to me entirely unwise to pursue any longer this
policy of making national banks depositories
of public money when there are designated
depositories of the public Treasury where the
collectors of the various districts can place their
money. In one district, as I know, a collector
lias deposited money in five national banks.
And now tho proposition, as I understand, to
be presented to the House, is, that these banks
are to deposit the security 011 which tliev will
receive interest from the public Treasury, and
then take the deposits which are made by the
General Government without interest, and
