2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
themselves of the liberty which I gave them
and which my colleague gave them, by our
votes, and they have framed a- constitution
which they have presented here. I voted the
other day against that admission, but I must
confess that in doing so I did not feel satisfied
that I was dealing fairly with the people of
Colorado. I do not think it is fair play, after we
passed the bill, which we did pass in 18G4,and
after the most enterprising and vigorous men
in that Territory, who agree with a majority
of us in this Chamber, have framed a constitu-
tion, and came here for admission, for us to
refuse their application on the ground of a dis-
tinction which they have made in their consti-
tution, when we did not ask them to refrain
from making such a distinction ; when we im-
posed no conditions on them ; when we did
not suggest any. After this course of legisla-
tion it seems to me too late now to raise a
question upon that point.
That, sir, is my position. I have moved this
reconsideration, and shall sustain it for the
reasons I have stated. I am free to say, how-
ever, that I will vote for no more enabling acts
to- allow the people of any Territory to frame
a constitution that shall make any such dis-
tinction. Under no circumstances whatever
will I ever authorize any of the other Territo-
ries which have not yet had enabling acts, to
frame a constitution which shall make such a
distinction. We have advanced in the career
of our progress to that position, and I think it
will be dishonorable in us to allow anything
of that kind. We, however, gave this people
an enabling act, in which we did not tell them
that they should not make this discrimination,
and did not even suggest it; and that enabling
act came, too, from the men of this body who
profess to be the strongest in their devotion to
the equal rights of man.
Therefore, sir, I have made this motion, and
I hope that this vote will be reconsidered. 1
do not wish to press a vote upon the bill if
Senators desire it to go over until we can have
a full Senate next week : and after the vote is
reconsidered I shall not object to the postpone-
ment. I do not wish to crowd it down on any-
body. But I have entered this motion. My
only objection before to the bill for the admis-
sion of Colorado was in regard to this very
matter of which I have been speaking. As to
the alleged irregularity in their proceedings,
that is nothing to me. Many of the States have
been irregular, and the United States were
irregular in the formation of their constitu-
tions, but in the words of Mr. Madison, the vote
of the people settled all those irregularities.
As regards the population and condition of
this Territory, I have received a letter from
Professor Whitney. Few men of the country
possess the knowledge that he possesses in
regard to California and all the Territories in
the Rocky mountain region. He is thoroughly
acquainted with this Territory of Colorado, and
in his letter to me he says :
"I have witnessed the result of the late vote upon
the_admission of Colorado as a State with much regret,
v believing that her merits have not been fully known,
ajul believing that reports respecting her population,
&e., have been made which have been erroneous.
_ "The population of Colorado to-day is a more abid-
ing one than ever before, and this summer will wit-
ness an emigration there greater, probably, than that
oi any other previous year. Our own State, Massa-
chusetts, has probably more capital invested in Col-
orado to-day than any other State, and although you
would hardly imagine it, there is scarcely a man of
wealth and position in this city who has not some
funds invested in Colorado. You may believe me
personally interested when I assure you of my belief
that Colorado is vastly richer in mineral deposits ,
than any other section of our country, but such con- I
viction m my mind is theresult of personal acquaint- ;
ancc with the different mining sections of the coun-
try for which pree'minent richness has been claimed."
Jle sends me also a work of his, in which he ,
sa% s of Colorado:
"She present?a region unequaled in its extent and
of iiKVil'-ulable value; one that has all the resources
and sappoiting auxiliaries of an empire, with water
ill abundance, and vast fields of coal and wood, and
inexhaustible veins of gold, silver, copper, antimony,
tin. nickel, lead, and iion ; ail of the e—entials where-
with to erect and build and pay for. Heragricultural
resources alone are suiiicient to attract immense
immigration."
I find in a work by Mr. Bowles, entitled
"Across the Continent," these words in regard
to this Territory and what he witnessed there:
"Never was progress in wealth, in social and po-
litical organization, in the refinements of American
home life, more rapid and more marked than in the
brief history thus far of Colorado. Soon sfle will
enter the Union as a State, holding not only the ele-
ments, but the acquired realities, of anobleand proud
one, and contributing largely, as she has steadily
done, even as a Territory, to the common profit of
the nation. From the beginning Colorado has always
sent moregold to the East than she has brought back
in goods; and she is destined to be permanently a
profitable partner in the household."
Toward the close of his book, on page 353,
Mr. Bowles says:
"Looking back over our mining experience, and
taking the average testimony of each district as
eciually reliable, I find myself impressed with the
superior richness of the Colorado gold mines. Their
ore averaged as uniformly $100 a ton, as that of Ne-
vada, either Austin or Virginia, or of California docs
fifty dollars. The extraction is not as complete, be-
cause of the more intricate nature of the precious
deposits; but means to overcome this, though per-
haps at enlarged cost, seemed successfully initiated
while we were there."
In view of the fact that we passed an en-
abling act for Colorado, and that we imposed
no restrictions upon them in regard to their
action ; in view of the condition of that Ter-
ritory, of its vast mineral wealth, and of the
character of its population,,! believe that its
condition would be improved by admitting it
into the Union as a State. As to this inequal-
ity of suffrage, we all know that it is wrong;
we feel it now; and had we felt three years
ago as we feel and see new, we should prob-
ably have inserted a provision in the enabling
act of the Territory which would secure equal-
ity in this respect. I trust that such a pro-
vision will be inserted in all future enabling
acts. I do not think that the admission of
Colorado will commit us or embarrass us in
any action that we may take in regard to other
Territories or in regard to any of the States
of this Union. I shall, therefore, give my
vote for this reconsideration, and shall then
be willing to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. There are other Territories
which have enabling acts just like it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This, as I under-
stand it. is a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of this subject for the purpose of
reconsidering the vote by which the bill for
the admission of Colorado was rejected. I
hope that we shall proceed to consider the
subject now. Gentlemen have been here
claiming to represent a sovereign State as
Senators for the last two or three months.
The subject has been referred to a committee;
a report has been made, and full debate had
on the subject in the Senate, and I see no
necessity for any further delay.
The reason assigned by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is that
this is the anniversary of emancipation in this
District, and of course we should not take up
any subject of this kind upon this day. I cer-
tainly sympathize with the colored people of
this District in celebrating their emancipation
as much as the Senator from Massachusetts or
any other Senator. I voted for that emanci-
pation, and am proud of it. But I do not
suppose that simply because this happens to
be the day of that celebration, all public busi-
ness should be delayed on that account. I do
not know how many Senators desire to par-
ticipate in that celebration. If those opposing
the admission of Colorado desire to participate
in that celebration, they will have, I trust, no
difficulty in procuring a leave of absence for
the day until this vote can be taken.
I am for the admission of Colorado. I voted
for it before. Colorado comes in with the word
" white'' as a prefix to the qualifications for hold-
ing office and voting. I should prefer that that
word had been left out, but it has not been left
out in any single State organization of any Ter-
ritory that we have ever admitted. I believe
that there is no instance in the whole history
of the admission of new States where that word
" white'' has not been the prefix to the quali-
fication for holding office and voting.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not time to begin?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is perhaps time
to begin, but we should have begun when we
passed the enabling act; and the vigilance of
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts should not have
slumbered on that occasion.
Mr. SUMNER. It did not, as I shall show
you presently.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If he desired such
a restriction it should have been proposed then.
I ask the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, if it may
not be considered irrelevant, whether he did not
vote for the enabling act for Colorado; whether
he did not vote for the enabling act for Nevada;
whether he did not vote for the admission of
Nevada ; and whether precisely the same pro-
vision does not exist in the constitution of
Nevada, which we admitted less than two years
ago by a deliberate vote?
I think Colorado should be admitted for many
reasons. They are a peculiar people, isolated
some six or eight hundred miles from the
waters of the Mississippi, and some eight or
nine hundred miles, perhaps, from the Pacific
coast. They have a peculiar mining interest,
not common to the whole people of the United
States. They think they require peculiar legis-
lation, and that their legislation at home will
be more adapted to develop their interests
than legislation here at Washington. They
think they have peculiar interests which should
be represented here in the person of a member
in the other House and Senators in this branch
of Congress, and I can see no possible objec-
tion to it. I feel that we are committed. We
authorized the organization of a State govern-
ment, we imposed certain conditions, and we
said if they would comply with these condi-
tions they should be admitted as a State. They
have substantially complied with every single
condition, not exactly in the time specified in
the act, but time is not of the essence of this
contract. It is a continuing contract. We
expressed our willingness to admit them upon
certain conditions. They made one effort and
failed. Upon the second effort they complied
with all our conditions, and I see no possible
reason why they should not be admitted, no
reason resulting from the time at which the
question is to be taken in the Senate, no reason
resulting from the nature of the case. I think
we should hail these new States, we should
build them up as soon as possible: and there
is another reason: the moment a State govern-
ment is organized the Government of the Uni-
ted States is relieved from the burden of the
territorial organization, and that whole burden
is thrown upon the people of Colorado.
I understand, also, that there has been a great
misapprehension existing in the minds of many
Senators in reference to the number of people
now in that Territory. A memorial has passed
their Legislature memorializing Congress for
the admission of their members, and stating
positively that they have a population of fifty
thousand. I doubt not a great mistake has
pervaded the minds of Senators in reference
to the number of the population.
But it is said they are not able to bear the
burdens, of a State government, and the taxa-
tion necessary to support the machinery of a
State organization. They perhaps arc as com-
petent to judge upon that question as we are,
and they think they are able to bear all those
burdens. Another thing is true: ten thou-
sand or twenty thousand or fifty thousand
persons in a mining district arc better able to
support the burdens of a State government
than a quarter of a million of people in an
agricultural country. They are wealthy ; they
are continually developing the capital of the
country; and they feel that their interests
would be subserved by this organization.
Another reason, important and controlling
with me, is that the people there have a loyal
and sound State organization. They have
come in here under our invitation, and I do
not now propose to slam the door in their
faces.
Mr. GRIMES. How far the opinions of
Professor Whitney, of Mi. Bowles, ought to
