1074
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
one third of the aggregate population of the
State Was in school, receiving instruction, and
being fitted for the duties of manhood and
womanhood. In New Hampshire, Vermont,
Michigan, and Ohio, between one third and
one fourth of the aggregate population was in
school. In New York, Massachusetts, Penn-
sylvania, Rhode, Island, Connecticut, Indiana,
and Illinois, the ratio, owing to the influx of
foreign population, was less, and amounted to
a fraction less than one fourth. In the slave
States, including the white population only, it
stood thus: Florida one tenth, Louisiana one
eighth, Texas one eighth, Virginia one eighth,
Alabama one seventh, Arkansas one seventh,
Georgia one seventh, Maryland one seventh,
South Carolina one seventh, Mississippi one in
six and a half, Kentucky one sixth, and Mis-
souri one sixth. 1 may be mistaken, sir, but
in my simple comprehension this wide disparity,
this descent from intelligence fo ignorance, this
step from civilization to barbarism is the result
of warfare upon race.
I roust refer another matter to the Senator
from Kentucky. He will pardon me for rely-
ing on his arithmetical calculations, especially
where the investment in colored people is con-
cerned. I would, not trouble him were Mem-
minger present, but as we have not the prin-
cipal here we will be obliged to rely on secondary
authority. There must be floating aboutsome
three or four thousand millions of the confed-
eral e war debt, incurred in the process of trans-
feiring the investment in colored people fiom
the Union to the confederacy. '1 his precau-
tion, adopted for greater security, cost much
money. If the honorable Senator will estimale
the depreciation of I]ns confederate debt, and
in form us what the depreciation amounts to, I
will willingly set it down in my account of the
expense of the warfare of race against race.
In the investment, whereby manhood was
changed to chaltelhood, 1 have merely alluded
to some of the incidental sacrifices and ex-
penses. Without going back to the original
outlay incurred in the expense of kidnapping,
1 will come directly to the ultimate, inherent
value of the investment itself. It had grown
to bo very large. It had absorbed southern
surpluses, taking the'necessary capital from
soul litre commerce, southern mechanism, leav-
ing (lie South wilhoutdiveisilicd industries, and
consequently, the bulk of its white population
without skilled labor and profitable employ-
ment. Two thousand millions, some say more,
had been absorbed in what was once called ''ne-
gro properly." It grew and grew to be " cor-
ner .stone," from " corner-alone" to " divin-
ity." This w.is as high as il could go. When
il readied this point it began lo stand up in the
image of its maker. The rebellion opened ils
eyes. The colored people saw I hat. I hey had
natural rights, which some old-fashioned states-
men of the devolution had pronounced "in-
alienable," They saw something else. They
discovered that each one had two legs to run
away on, and two hands each to tight the way
from bo ndage I o ft eedom. They soon discovered
that they had pmileges, the prhilego of free-
dom and self-defen.se. In tinie another privi-
h go was added by the rebellion ; and that was,
to look at the old master through the sights of
a gun-barrel. It, was in this way the whole in-
stitution graduated after a four years' training
in (he military school of the rebellion. It has
been gn eu its diploma of freedom. It has been
incorporated into the family of American citi-
zenship. Sir. I will not set down this change as
loss to any State, or to the nation. I believe it
to be highly benolicial to both. But. to those
who advocate human bondage, and have in-
dulged in a false political economy, I may well
put the question, ''In this warfare upon nat-
ural right and upon race, how much have you
made by the operation?"
Again, Mr. President, the picture saddens as
we progress with the urawing. The predeter-
mination to perpetuate tins war upon race and
to hold in bondage four million people and their
increase for all future time, was the cause of
the rebciiiou against the Constitution and the
U&on. The war against the nationality and
against the principles of republican government
has merely been a branch of the warfare against
race. It was the concomitant of the warfare
against race. Three hundred thousand, taken
from the flower of northern free industry, have
been sacrificed, and nearly the same number
from the South. The destruction of life, the
widowhood and orphanage, the destruction of
property, the vast accumulation of public debt,
and all other distresses consequent on war, have
sprung from this southern warfare on race.
Sir, if I understand the duty of the executive
Chief Magistrate, and the great purpose for
which he was elected, it is his duty to interpose
the executive power to stop this warfare on
race. If I understand my duty and the duty
of this Congress, it is the first, highest, and
most imperative of all duties to stop this war-
fare on race. If 1 understand the duty of the
people, distressed by calamity as they have
been, and afflicted by burdens as tlicy are, they
will insist that an end shall be put to this war-
fare on race.
Mr. President, I understand well the slave-
holder's logic. It is no new thing. It wa^once
alarming, and very effective on the side of wrong
and injustice ; but the nation has got used to
it and begun lo bo brave from necessity. It
consists of this : " If you do not let us war on
this race we will visit on the country some great
calamity. If you will not allow us to control
it as wo please, and under such laws as we
please, we will exterminate it. You must allow
us to dominate this population under unequal
laws or it must he removed from the country."
This is the essence of the aigumcnt, that is
poured into the executive ear. lie has as many
evil counselors as Napoleon had when per-
suaded to attempt reenslaving the colored peo-
ple of San Domingo. Not a member of Con-
gress but, who has had thrust upon him this argu-
ment. It is the logic of petty tyrants. It has
neither principle nor patriotism. It springs
alone from those selfish, mercenary aims that
have no regard for any interest in the country
except that of its own class. No true states-
manship can ho founded on this kind of logic.
It is destructive of all thai, deserves the name
of statesmanship. As against ils machinations,
if has been all that the statesmanship of the
country could do to save the nation. I think
the lime has come when neither Congress nor
the people will he frightened out of their sense
of propriety by the repetition of this logic.
It may be well, sir, for Senators to estimate
the expense in the aggregate resulting from the
warfare upon race. If we take into account
the expense of kidnapping ; the vast absorption
of southern surpluses in negro property; the
yearly sacrifices by deficiency of southern pro-
duction which slavery imposed ; the amount of
the rebel war debt; the Union war debt and
interest, and the vast destruction of property
and collateral sacrifices consequent on war, the
amount-will appear str,rt ling. I f we add to this
the loss of life, estimating ihe value of each man
sacrificed at the market value of slaves before
the war, it will swell into an amount equal to
the aggregate value of the property of the Union
in 18(10. 1 speak now on this subject from a
financial point of view. I speak to those who
profess to be so "practical'' in worldly affairs as
to forget that there is an iuexorable law of the
moral universe that can neither ho evaded nor
overthrown by the cunning devices of man.
It seems to me as though the voice of Omnipo-
tence was saying to us, "Igaveyouuiderstaiul-
ing and you have perverted it; I sent my Sou
unto the children of men to teach them human-
ity, and to reveal and proclaim to them the
rule for human conduct; I have comnianded
you to be just and righteous that other things
might be added imto you. You have foolishly
undertaken to fill your, households and your
land with plenty by overthrowing my statutes.
Know, then, that the Lord Cod omnipotent
ivigiieth!''
f have grown lo believe, sir, that equal pro-
tection has become a matter of imperative na-
tional necessity. So far as the experiment has
been tried in an opposite direction we have but
a poor account. That account, sir, tallies with
and accords with all history. The war of race
upon race, or class upon class, is certain to lead
to the destruction of patriotism in any nation.
Nothing can spring from it but social and poli-
tical discontent. It is the origin of convul-
sions, rebellions, and revolutions. I will main-
tain that no people has yet existed that did not
find its causes of national decay and national
dissolution.in tire warfare of class upon class.
We have as yet held our nation together. The
stern republicanism in the northern States; its
intelligence and power of comprehension ; its
firm attachment to free popular government;
its uubending determination to maintain such
government, assisted by the white and colored
loyalty found in the South, has earned us
through the rugged part of the great shock. Wo
know the cause of our difficulties, and we may
know, if we will, that there is but one remedy
for the future. That remedy lies in equalized
protection under equal laws; and if that in-
volves the necessity of equal suffrage, then, sir,
in my opinion it becomes the stern duty of the
nation to enforce it. If in the warfare of race
upon race, or class upon class, unequal suf-
frage can be made an instrument of oppression,
I insist on the right and power of the nation to
make equal suffrage the agency of defense.
Mr. President, the greatest of all absurdities
that over perverted the human understanding
is the assumption that any State or nation,
claiming to be civilized, can be best governed
by unequal laws. This is the oppressor's logic
in all countries. In this political workshop the
whole oppressive machinery of governments
has been manufactured. Our fathers started
with a new doctrinc and a new theory. They
threw aside the postulates of aristocracy, and
started out on the plan of instituting govern-
ment to protect natural and personal rights.
Tn approving their theory 1 trust 1 will not be
accused of too much "rhetoric." I do not design
any. I am content to allow their simple idea
of "inalienable rights" to stand as my creed
and the creed of the great Union party.
Mr. President, it has been a persistent cus-
tom in pro-slavery society to slander and dis-
parage the qualities and capacity of the colored
man. It has been said that he would not fight.
The exhibition of his bravery in our revolu-
tionary struggle, in the contest with the French
veterans in San Domingo, and more recently
in our own civil war, has taught us better.
It has been said that he cannot understand and
comprehend his relation and duty to his Gov-
ernment in such degree as to make him a safe
voter. If loydty and fidelity to (he Govern-
ment are a test of capacity to appreciate, then
most certainly has the colored man at least one
of the highest, ami best of all qualifications. It
has been said, again, that the colored man will
not work without compulsion. Here again has
the colored man's practical conduct exploded
the white man's slander. In the winter of
18(51 a bill was introduced into the South Car-
olina Legislature providing for the sale of the
free negroes of the State int^ slavery. 11 was re-
ferred to a committee, of which J. Haralson
ltead was chairman-. 1 extract, the following
from the report of that committee:
"Apart from the consideration that many of the
class are good citizens, patterns of imlustiy, sobri-
ety, and irreproachable conduct, there aie difficul-
ties ot a, practical ch.traetei in the way of those who
advocate the bill. The free colored pomilatiou of
Charleston alone pay taxes on ">i>l,87(1 woith of
property, and the abrogate taxes ren-li $27.20918.
What will become of the one and a half millions of
property which belong to them in Charleston alone,
to say nothing of their property elsewhere in the
State? Can it enter into the mind of any Carolina
! Legislature to confiscate this property anu put it in
the tieasury? We forbear to consider anything so
full of injustice and vickcdncss. While we are bat-
tling for our rights, liberties, and institutions, can wo
expect the smiles and countenance of the Arbiter or
all events when we make war on the impotent and
unprotected, enslave them against all justice, and
rob them of the property acquired by their own hon-
est toil and industry under your former protection
and sense of justice?
Divide this property, by the number of free
colored people in Charleston in 1860, four thou-
sand in number, and it gives lo each person
