1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If
adjournment over.
Mr. MORRILL moved that when the House
adjourns to-morrow, it will, with the concur-
rence of the Senate, adjourn until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
And then (at ten minutes to four o' clock p.
m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 6, 1885.
Prayer by Rev. Edgar H. Gray, Chaplain
of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Richard Yates, of Illinois, appeared
in his seat to-day.
standing committees.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of the standing com-
mittees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to suspend the
rule, by unanimous consent, which requires the
election of the chairmen of the committees to
be made by ballot, and that they be made by
nomination.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the mo-
tion objected to? No objection being made,
that will be considered the sense of the Senate,
and the rule will be suspended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the following
list of committees be appointed:
On Foreign Halations — Messrs. Sumner,
(chairman,) Doolittle, Harris, Henderson,
Wade, Johnson, and Buckalew.
On Finance — Messrs. Fessenden, (chair-
man,) Sherman, Cowan, Van Winkle, Morgan,
Williams, and Guthrie.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chair-
man,) Morrill, Morgan, ITowe, Foot, Lane of
Kansas, and Nesmith. • -
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sprague,_(chair-
man,) Dixon, Pomeroy, Riddle, and Wright.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Sherman, (chair-
man,) Lane of Kansas, Creswell, Cowan, and
Guthrie.
On Military Affairs and the Militia—Messrs.
Wilson, (chairman,) Lane of Indiana, How-
ard, Nesmith, Sprague, Brown, and Doolit-
tle.
On Natal Affairs—Messrs. Grimes, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Vv'iiley, Ramsey, Cragin, Nye,
and Hendricks.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Harris, Clark, Poland, Stewart, and
Hendricks.
On Fost Offices and Fost Eoads—Messrs.
Dixon, (chairman,) Ramsey, Conness, Bucka-
lew, Pomeroy, Van V inkle, and Anthony.
On Public Lxinds—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
man,) Stewart, Creswell, Hendricks, Grimes,
Harris, and Wright,.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Harris,
(chairman,) Howard, Poland, Riddle, and
Stockton.
On Indian Affairs — Messrs. Doolittle,
(chairman,) Lane of Kansas, Trumbull, Clark,
Norton, Nesmith, and Buckalew.
On Pensions — Messrs. Lane of Indiana,
(chairman,) Van Winkle, Foot, Yates, Wilson,
Davis, and Stockton.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Ramsey,
(chairman,) Chandler, Wilson, Nesmith, and
Wright.
On ClaMs — Messrs. Clark, (chairman,)
Howe, Anthony, Henderson, Williams, Nor-
ton, and Davis.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Mor-
rill, (chairman,) "Wade, Willey, Sumner, Hen-
derson, Yates, and Riddle.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs.
Cowan, (chairman.) Lane of Indiana, Poland,
Norton, and Guthrie.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs.
Foot, (chairman,) Brown, Trumbull, Grimes,
and Hendricks.
tin Territories—Messrs. Wade, (chairman,)
Lane of Kansas, Yates, Norton, Nye, Cragin,
and Davis.
On the Pacific Railroad — Messrs. How-
ard, (chairman,) Sherman, Morgan, Conness,
Brown, Yates, Cragin, Ramsey, and Stewart.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the tienate—Messrs. Brown, (chair-
man,) Foot, and Sherman.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Willey, (chair-
man,) Lane of Indiana, and Sumner.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Conness,
(chairman,) Stewart, Chandler, Morgan, Cres-
well, Buckalew, and Guthrie.
Joint Committee on Printing—Messrs. An-
thony, (chairman,) Brown, and Riddle.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Messrs.
Nye, (chairman,) Howe, and Cowarr.
Joint Committee on the Library—Messrs.
Howe, (chairman,) Fessenden, and Howard.
The motion was agreed to, and the standing
committees are thus constituted.
additional committee clekks.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on the part of the
Senate on the Library, and the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
respectively, he authuiized to employ a clerk.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a con-
current resolution proposing an adjournment
from the 6th to the *11th instant.
bills referred.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the bill (S. No. 1)
introduced by him, to regulate the elective
franchise in the District of Columbia, was read
a second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Oil motion by Mr. HARRIS, the bill (S. No.
8) introduced by him, to reorganize the judi-
ciary of the United States, was read a second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DOOLITTLE, the bill
(S. No. 14) introduced by him, in relation to
the qualification of jurors in certain cases, was
taken from the table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. -
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN, the bill
(S. No. 10) introduced by him, for tho survey
and sale of the mineral lands of the United
States, was taken from the table, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. STEWART, the follow-
ing bills, introduced by him, were taken from
the table, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
A bill (S. No. 12) to define the jurisdiction
of the district and circuit courts of the United
States for the districts of California, Oregon,
and Nevada; and
A bill (S. No. IS) concerning appeals, writs
of error, and injunctions.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, the hill (S.
No. 3) introduced by him, to carry out the
principles of a republican form of government
in the District of Columbia, was road the sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A _ concurrent resolu-_
tion has been received from the House ol
Representatives providing for an adjournment
over to Monday. Perhaps we might as well
take that up now and dispose of it. I move
that that resolution be taken up.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution of
the House of Representatives :
Eemlved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
House adjourns on Wednesday, thejita ol flue ember,
instant, it stand adjourned, until xYlonday the 11 ji
instant.
Mr. FOOT. That only adjourns the House
of Representatives. I move that it be amended
so as to embrace both Houses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
petitions AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of
Edward R. Hutchins, and a large number of
other assistant and acting assistant stiigeons of
the United States Navy attached to the South*
Atlantic blockading squadron, asking for an in-
crease of compensation. I desire to state rtkat
this petition, in consequence of some derange:
ment of the mails, did not reach me until
shortly after the adjournment of the last session
of Congress ; and this is the reason why it was
not presented at an earlier date. I move its
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs1."
The motion was agreed to. ! -
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts in
favor of an appropriation for the preservation
of the harbor of Pro vincetown, and the construc-
tion of a military railroad from Orleans to
Provincetown; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Aifairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Alton
Nelson, praying for an increase of his pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of Barney
Cain, praying that the bounty may be paid him'
which would have been due his deceased son,
Henry N. Cain, a private in tho eighth regi-
ment Vermont volunteers, had ho lived to have
been mustered out of tho United States service;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
James A. Scrymser, Alfred Pell, jr., Alexander
Hamilton, jr., Oliver K. King, Maturin L; Del-
alield, William F. Smith, and James M. Digges,
composing "The International Ocean Tele-
graph Company," praying for authority to es-
tablish telegraphic communication between the
city of New York and the West India islands;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented the petition of Mary C.
Hamilton, widow of Foster Hamilton, late al
captain in the second regiment of United States
dragoons, praying that half pay may be granted
her for life, and that arrears from the 3d day
of June, lfctS, maybe paid her; which wa?
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of the execu-
tors of Rembrandt Peale, artist, praying Con-
gress to purchase the painiing entitled " Wash-
ington before Yorktown;" which was referred
to"the Joint Committee on the Library.
reference of frefcldknt's message.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That so much of tho President's message
ii> ] elated to i'oi eign relations, bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign .Relations.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That so mneli of the President's message
as relates to the homestead law and the public lands,
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message
•Its refers to coram ere o between the several States, be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message
as relates io military affaire, be reierred to the Com'
mittce on Militai > Afiairs and the Militia.
resolutions of connecticut.
Mr. DIXON presented the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Connecticut; which
were read:
state op connecticut,
General Assembly, May Sewon, A. D. 1865.
Grateful to Almighty God, who ha= brought tho
American people saiely through t he peril? o4 civil war,
and lias opened before them a prospect oi peace, pros-
peritv and power, the General As-cmbly of Connec-
ticut," considering tho present condition of public
affaire, thinks fit to declare as follows: '
1. The American people are a nation, and not a
confederacy of notions. ,
2. The States have certain constitutional rights
which ought to bo preserved inviolate; but, as be-
tween the nation and the States, the nation is sover-
eign, and tho States are not. ^
*3. All men within the limits of the United States
ought to be absolutely tree; and no permanent dis-
crimination in rights and privileges ought to exist
between different classes of free men.
