1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WT5
$390; to each family of six persons $2,240;
much higher than the average of the non-slave-
holders South, and within a fraction of being as
high as the northern population averages. I
am credibly informed that the pecuniary condi-
tion of the free colored population of New Or-
leans, before the war, was still bettor.
Sir, the present is an interesting epoch for
the colored population of the Union. It is as
important as it is interesting. We cannot touch
upon this subject without involving a collateral
inquiry. It is not the colored family alone that
is to be affected. The one cannot be dragged
down and degraded without debauching and
degrading the other. We cannot oppress the
colored man or suffer him to be oppressed
without endangering the peace of southern so-
ciety. As he stands now, the colored man is a
peaceful citizen. He has been bred to toil. He
has acquired patience in performing industry.
The main prosperity of the South has here-
tofore rested on his labor. He is loyal and
at! ached to the Government, and, properly
treated, no persuasion can shake his fidelity to
the power to which he is now looking for.pro-
• tection and encouragement. Need 1 say, sir,
that the colored family of the Union is capable
of being managed into a useful and most im-
portant free industrial force; into an important
and reliable element of national strength : or,
mismanaged, into aturbnlent, discontented, and
most dangerous class. If ever! here was a time
when unjust prejudice should be displaced by
right reason, and political philosophy should
be deliberate and truthful, that time is now. I
know of no other safe rule than to try to do that
which is right in the sight of God and man.
I come to another question : the propriety or
expediency of admitting into Congress Senators
and Representatives from the seceding States.
We are told by the apologists of these men who
are being elected on their merits as rebels to
the exclusion of Union men, that "we must
not expect too much of them ;" that "it is not
expected that they could bo fully converted in
so short a time' that'' their disappointments
have been grievous;" that "they have become
Union men now, and if we do not, spurn them
they will in time grow to be reconciled to the
national Government." I fully accede to the
idea that we must not expect too much of these
men. A class that during its whole political
life has aimed at a monopoly of wealth, a mo-
nopoly of labor, and a monopoly of political
power; that engaged in the attempt at revolu-
tion in order to establish more fully and to per-
petuate such monopoly ; that, failing in this, has
become more bitter by disappointment, should
have time ; and. sir, I am decidedly in favor of
giving them all the time necessary for the most
substantial improvement. I would say to these
men. '' Go home! go back and labor as industri-
ously to disabuse the minds of your constituen-
cies as you labored to mislead and impose upon
them. Tell them thatthe Union Government al-
ways was and never can be anything else than a
just Government. Tell them thatthe Constitu-
tion has become the acknowledged ^sovereign,
and that it presides in both Houses of Congress.
Inform them, while you are about it, that the
rebel sympathizers and apologists in the North
can do them no good, that they are acting as
ranch out of time and propriety now as they did
in the time of the war. when their encourage-
ment only prolonged the conflict and added to
southern disaster. You may say to your con-
stituencies, that the majority in Congress is very
tenacious on the subject of the Union war debt:
that it is determined to keep faith with the na-
tional creditors : that it is bent on adopting and
throwing around it all the safeguards and pre
cautions possible : and that your admission just
now and your alliance with northern sympathiz-
ers would not be propitious in raising the valye
of our public securities. While, you are confer-
ring ivith vour constituents, you may as well re-
peat to them the common political axiom, that
Kepresentatives are elected to represent their
constituents, and that "it is not believed, at the
seat of Government that a disloyal constituency
would make such a mistake as to scud loyal
Representatives to Congress. In short, you
may as well say to your people, that, as Con-
gress represents the loyalty of the nat ion. South
as well as North, and has much important work
on hand, some of it requiring a two-thirds ma-
jority, it is not deemed wholly prudent to part
with that majority out of mere comity to men
from whom no assistance could bo expected.
Finally, by way of closing the suggestive instruc-
tions, you may give your constituents to under-
stand that, as you went out of Congress rebel
end foremost, you will not probably get into
those vacant seats over yonder, except that
you come back Union end foremost."
It is made a ground of argument that "tax-
ation and representation should go together."
This as a general rule is true, but there are
conditions and exceptions to this rule which
sometimes forbid its being followed. The very
case under consideration more strongly eluci-
dates both the conditions and exceptions than
any other historic case. Eleven States of the
South by an attempt at revolution imposed on
the General Government, the necessity of sub-
jugating them. These people do not yet seem
to be in a frame of mind to send into Congress
representatives that would be of any assistance
to the public questions; notwithstanding, they
should be taxed. They are now standing in
the incipient position following the result of
war wherein subjugation and taxation bear
companionship. The second degree will be
that of allegiance and protection. The third,
when heartfelt loyalty is prepared to elect the
representative, will be 1' taxation and repre-.
sentation." Should it be insisted that the rule
of " taxation and representation" should apply
at once to the truly loyal white and colored
people South, and, were it practicable to adopt
the rule in the present mixed state of affairs, 1
should tlnow no obstacles in the way.
Mr. President, 1 have now gone through
with the principal topics I intended to disfcuss.
I have endeavored to trace the animus and ul-
terior objects of the rebellion I have endeav-
ored to prove its anti republican designs, and
that it involved a conspiracy against the na-
tionality ; a conspiracy against the natural rights
of the colored man ; a conspiracy against the
political rights of the masses of southern white
men, as well as a conspiracy against the dem-
ocratic or republican principle in government.
I have endeavored to prove that the exigency
has arisen that calls upon the Government for
the exercise of its extreme powers, or those
powers lodged in Congress to meet extraordi-
nary emergencies. I would lay down Hie fol-
lowing as an epitome of the protect i\e character
of the Constitution, its prohibition upon the
infraction of natural and personal riahts. and
the power of Congress to maintain them:
1. The exclusive power of Congress over the
subject of citizenship and naturalization.
2. The power of Congress to give effect hv
the enactment and enforcement oi laws to all
the protective provisions of the Constitution,
and to make the principle of protection prac-
tically coextensive wiih eitizenslup.
8. The positive constitutional interdict upon
the power of Congress and upon the Legis-
latures of the respective States to subvert or
impair the natural or personal rights enumer-
ated or implied in the Constitution.
4. The power of Congress to compel the
enforcement and maintenance of republican
government in every State, making the enu-
meration of personal and natural Eights and the
protective features of the Constitution the defi-
nition and test of what is republican govern-
'ment; and further, in order to establish and
maintain such local republican government in
every State, to preseiibe. in case ot necessity,
the rule of suffrage or qualification of voters.
I would lime close my remarks but ti.r some
paragraphs contained in the elaborate speeches
of the Senators from Wisconsin and Oregon._
Speaking of the limitations upon the rights ot
the States, the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Dooi.ittle] says:
" One of the limitations upon those rights is that it
shall have no power to organize any State govern-
ment not republican iri form, while it may adopt any
form of republican government. And tho saiue dis-
tinction between aStateanditsgoYeramcjitiserc'.wly
^cognized in thoclauseofthft Constitution whieh pro-
vides that'the United Stated shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a, republican form ofViyornmeut.'
Ve see by this language a ' State in this Union'is one
thing: theformof its government anotlierand differ-
ent thing. Kecognizing the l-ipctit of ft State, under
the law of nations, to put on or put oft' its f(i> m of gov-
ernment, it was thought essential to the more perfect
union of these States under tfreOonsti tutioB ro restrict
this power of the State over its form of government
so far as to deny its ri ht to put on any other than a
republican one. And therefore, when conspiracy and
rebellion attempts it, or when usurpation suecoetfsin
doing so, in any State in the Union, the United States
not only has the right, but is bound to intervene
against such usurpation, and restore to the State a
republican form of State government."
With the latter part of this paragraph I en-
tirely agree. I have said elsewhere that the
Constitution deals with States as States, and the
honorable Senator has spoken to the purpose
on this point; but the question whether the
power "to intervene against usurpation," and
to establish or'' restore republican State govern-
ment" is lodged exclusively in the President,
or, as Mr. Madison says, in the General Gov-
ernment, I do not, deem worthy of discussion.
I regret-exceedingly that tho honorable Sena-
tor should have placed the President so awk-
wardly, when, in speaking of the ■' Lincoln-
Johnson policy," he made the President, by
implication, little else than a usurper. When
thermit or assumed that all power was lodged
in the President, and as a result, none in Con-
gress, I question his warrant of attorney from
the President so to speak.
I will endeavor to discuss the first postulate
of this paragraph. It'is a most important po-
sition. When scrutinized, it will be found the
exact epitome of the secession doctrine, origi
liating iu the heresy of Slate sovereignty. I
repeat its language:
" One of the limitations upon those rights is, that it
shall have no powerto organize anv Stat c government
not republican in form, while it may adopt any form
ol' republican government."
These words, Mr. President, " any form of
republican government" uttered at this time,
and in connection with the questions of eslab-'
lishing governments in the southern States,
becomo words of most portentous meaning.
It is the old idea of the secessionists ; has been
repeated by them for the last forty years; is
precisely in conjunction and rapport with their
expressed ideas of State sovereignty; and
means with these men of the South the right1
to adopt such republicanism as ill-. Oarnett in
bis letter to Trescott alluded to, and whieh was
in opposition to democratic or suffrage govern-
ment. " liomewasarepublie," says the South
Carolinian, and the features of that govern-
ment and the organization of society under it
is the beauidcal of the controlling influences of
ihePiiltnetto State. The Amphictyonie League
or Council has been called a republican polit-
ical organization ; and, judging it by its mixed
medley of contradictions, it amounted in its
diversified phases, using the language of the
Senator by way of description, to about " any
form of republican government." Venice was
a republic, described as such in all history, and
would be embraced in the Senator's c-atcgory of
" any form of republican government."_ 1 will
not stop to describe its political organization,
its machinery of oppression, but will content
mvself by saying, that to adopt, its principles
! would lead us over a more " sorrowful bridge
i of sighs" than that which led from the, Vcne-
! tian palace to the prison of death. "Are-
public," says the Engli.di lexicogr^ier, 'Muay
! be either a democracy or an aristotn'acy.' It
/ has been this mischievous latitudinai'ian con-
; utruction of the term republican'government,
|! in connection with the assumed right to^ adopt
; I "any form of republican government, that
has created the political divergence oei\ujen
South Carolina and \ ermont, or between Mis-
': sissipi and Ohio- AH that these suitLe-. ti seces-
siomsts, now thrusting themselves iu the foie-
.! ground, have ever claimed, or could possibly
;i desire, would be the permission to establish
ji tJjjg <• any form of republican government"
J according" to their latitudinarian construction.
