i2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
4. Trepan: gainst a republican government is the
greatest of crimes, and ought to he treated as such,
nevertheless, a humane and generous policy ought to
fee exercised by the national Government toward the
misguided masses of the southern people who were
iiot primarily responsible for the late rebellion.
5; The public opinion of Europe in reference to the
domestic affairs of this country must henceforth be oi
little value to the American people.
' The Government of the United States, in settling
■upon its'domestic policy, and especially in deciding ,
•what course it will pursue toward the leaders of the
rebellion, ought not to be influenced by the wishes,
the adviee, the warnings, the entreaties, or the public
©pinion of foreign nations, but ought, on the contrary,
to look with jealousy and suspicion upon all attempts
from such quarters to affect its actions.
'6. The (Government of the United States ought
never to recognize any Government which has been
imposed upon any nation on this continent by the arms
of any European Power.
7. In its diplomacy, the Government of the United
States ought, while courteous, to be frank. It ought
not to make pretenses ot friendship toward nations
which have manifested hatred of this country during
its late distresses. But peace, with friendship toward
our friends, and peace, without friendship toward
those who are not our friends, ought to be maintained
at all times, if possible, as the true and permanent
policy of the United States.
H. Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
by his great abilities, his undoubted patriotism, and
his eminent public services, has entitled himself to
the confidence of the nation; and since he is mani-
festly surrounded by many and great difficulties, and
is compelled to adopt experimental policies without
assurance of their success, he ought to be sustained
in the exercise of great freedom of action; and in all
his efforts to tranquillize the country, to maintain its
-peace and dignity, and to promote its welfare, he
ought to receive a frank and generous support Irom
the people.
His Excellency, the Governor, is hereby requested
to cause a copy of theso declarations to be transmitted
to the President oi the United States, and a like copy
to each of the Senators and liepresentatives of this
State in Congress.
House of Representatives, July 19,18G5.
passed, JOHN R. BUCK, Clerk.
Senate, July 20,1865.
Passed, " W. T. ELMER, Clerk.
Approved, July 21,1S65.
' OrnoE or Secretary of State.
I heroby ccrtify that the foregoing is a true copy of
record hi this office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand
rT _ t and affixed the seal ot said State, at Hartford,
lh' S'J this 30th day of August, A. I). 1865.
J. H. TRUMBULL,
Secretary oj State.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 17) to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States j winch was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by imaniniouH con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 18) lor the relief of Ambrose Morrison, of
Nashville, Tennessee; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
omcers paid illegally.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution of inquiry addressed to the Secretary of
the Treasury:
Y/hereas iti- provided by act of Congress that every
person in the civil, military, or naval departments of
the public scmce, excepting iko Pie^ident ot tlie
United States, shall, before entering1 upon the duties
of Ms office and before bcins; entitled to any of the
salary or other emoluments thereof, take and sub-
scribe a certain oatli in prescribed form, and it is
further provided in another act of Congress (Febru-
ary 9, 1863, chapter 2~\ section 2) that "no money
shall be paid Irom the Treasury of the United States
to any x>cvson acting as an officer, c ivil, military, or
naval, as salary in any oijee, which office is not au-
thorized by some pj-ev i onsly existing law, un lc^ ■; where
such office shall be subsequently sanctioned by law:
and whereas it is reported that, notwithstanding rtio-o
acts of Congress, eertain nersons have been allowed
to enter upon the duties of cihee and to receive the
salary,and emoluments thereof, without taking the
prescribed oath, and certain other poisons hive f--( n
appointed to offices "not authorized by any previously
existing lawTherefore,
Mevohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested, so far as the records of his Department allow,
to furnish to the Senate the names of any persons who
have been permitted to enter upon the duties ot otiicc,
and to receive the salary and emoluments thereof,
without taking the oath prescribed by Coneress; also,
the titles of such offices, wii.li an account of the sal-
ary and emoluments thereof, and out of what fund
tllo same have been paid; also, the names of any per-
sons who havo been appointed to any office "not au-
thorized by some previously existmpc law, and if the
same have received any salary, what it was, and out
of what fund it has been paid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideration of the
resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a resolution for the
appointment of a joint committee of the two
Houses to consider and report on a proper
token of respect and affection to be adopted by
Congress on the occasion of the death of the
late President, Abraham Lincoln.
ItECONSTKTJCTIOJT.
■ Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that so much of
the President's message as relates to the sub-
ject of the restoration or reconstruction of the
States, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. S UMNER. I hesitate to adopt that or-
der at this moment. The Senator is quite aware
that there is already on the table a resolution
from the House of Representatives to which,
perhaps, that part of the message would more
properly bo referred, should we concur with
the House. I think, therefore, that the propo-
sition of the Senator had better lie on the ta-
ble for the present until the Senate acts on the
House resolution; and if the Senate should eon-
cur with the House resolution, then it will be
a question whether, upon the whole, that portion
of the message should not go to the joint com-
mittee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the joint
resolution from the other House, I am of opin-
ion that that also had better go to the Commit-
tee on tlie Judiciary for consideration. There
are some important questions involved in the
resolutions—legal questions and constitutional
questions—which may lead to a discussion at this
early stage of the session, without its being ad-
equately considered by any committee. In an-
swer to what my friend from Massachusetts says,
I think it would be wise, perhaps, to let that
resolution go to that committee for considera-
tion. They will be prepared, probably, with
their report when the Senate returns after its
adjournment. The Senator can hardly expect,
I think, to take up the House resolution, if it
leads to discussion, and dispose of it to-day,
when we are about to adjourn till Monday, to-
morrow being Thanksgiving day. It had better
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. j OHNSON. I hope that the honorable
member will withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I objected to the consid-
eration of ilie resolution of inquiry proposed by
the honorable member from Massachusetts [Mr.
Suixer] only because it did not provide that
the Secretary should give the reasons for the
course which he is supposed to have pursued.
If the Senate have no objection, I have none to
considering the resolution now, meaning to offer
an amendment which will obviate the objection
I had.
Mr. SUMNER. I have had an opportunity
of conferring with the Senator from Maryland,
and 1 am ready to accept his amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That res-
olution is not now before the Senate ; the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, but this resolution may be now inter-
posed by unanimous consent.
Mr. IJOOLfTTLE. Very well.
_ Mr. I'ESSENDEN. I think it had better
lie over until we meet again.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have 110 objection to that.
Mr. \\ ILSON. I renew my motion that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if we ought not to have a report
from the House of Representatives whether our
amendment to their resolution about adjourn-
ing over is concurred in. ["Certainly."] We
ought not to adjourn until we know whether
the other House concurs in the amendment of
the Senate to that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts press the motion
to adjourn?
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt the House
of Representatives will concur in that amend-
ment of ours, and I desire to get an adjourn-
ment. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that if the motion to adjourn now
prevails, it will be the duty of the Chair to pro-
nounce the Senate adjourned until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion.
committee service.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to resign
my place as a member of the Committee on
Commerce, with the consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kansas moves that he be excused as
one of the members of the Committee on Com-
merce. The question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. If agreeable to the Senate,
I propose to resign my position upon the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I move that I be ex-
cused from service upon that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr: CHANDLER. I move that the vacancy
in the Committee on Commerce occasioned by
the resignation of Mr. Lane, of Kansas, be filled
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
Mr. POMEROT. I move that the vacancy
in the Committee on Public Lands occasioned
by the resignation of Mr. Cueswell be also
filled by tlio Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
indian massacres.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolutions; which wc-ro referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed:
Resolutions concerning Indian massacres upon the
frontier.
Whereas ineffectual efforts have been made during
the past season to treat with and conciliate the hos-
tile Indians upon our western border and upon trav-
eled routes to the mountains and the Pacific; and
whereas recent demonstrations ot hostility^ upon tho
lines of our communication between the States and
mountain Territories, embracing- both the valley of
tho Platte and tho timeky Hill, and producing in-
terruption, if not suspension, of communication and
commerce across the continent, resulting in the mas-
sacre and murder of many of our active, pioneering,
and adventurous fellow-citizens; and aiso^the muti-
lation and death of whole coach loads 01 ur.aimed
travelers, embracing men, women, and children:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the mild, conciliatory, and even
magnanimous conduct of our tlovernmcnt toward
these savages, not being understood or apprecial ed by _
them, but only construed to bo weakness and coward-
ice. should now be loilowed by the most vigorous and
decisive measures until these hostile tribe;-are effect-
ually punished for their crimes, and whipped iuto a
wholesome restraint and submi.-sion to the authority
of the United States.
2. Rrfto/r <-<1, Thatthegreatly increasing demand for
communication and peaceful travel and coinmereoto
our western mountains and the Pacific, resulting from
tho discovery of sold and precious metal-3, as well as
the surveying and constructing of a Pacitic railroad,
renders it peculiarly urgent and of national impor-
tance that these rouies of communication be and re-
main entirely uninterrupted,
MEMORIAL 01' PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I wish to call up
the resolution from the House of Representa-
tives relative to proceedings of fitting and ap-
propriate respect to the memory of the late
President of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If thero
bo no objection, that- resolution will be taken
up and read.
Tho Secretary read the House resolution, as
follows:
IZciolvecl, That a committee of one member from
each State represented in this Houso, bo appointed oa
