mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say in regard
to this question that I have no disposition to
crowd it, because a measure cannot be forced
through here when a strong opposition mani-
fests itself. I wish to accommodate myself to
the Senate, and for that, purpose I give notice
now that on Tuesday morning next I shall
renew this motion and adhere to it until we
cs-n reach a vote on it if possible.
Tl.e PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
the motion before the Senate. The motion
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator
from Kansas to postpone the present and all
pri(5r orders for the purpose of continuing the
discussion of the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts. That motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts is not now before the Sen-
ate, and pf course is not subject to be with-
drawn by him.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to withdraw
my motion if by common consent or by an
arrangement we can agree to some day certain
for tho consideration of this subject.
Mr. WILSON. I am told by several Sen-
ators opposed to the bill that they are willing
to take that course.
Several Senators. Let us fix a day.
Mr. WILSON, That is what I propose.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to propose that by
universal consent we now agree that this mat-
ter go over until next Tuesday morning, and
that it be then taken up and made the special
order.
Mr. CONNESS. Why not now make it the
special order for that time?
Mr. GRIMES. That is what I propose. My
proposition is that the matter go over and by
general consent be made the special order for
Tuesday morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not Monday?
Mr. SUMNER. No; not Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest that
there are certain members of the Senate who
are determined that this matter shall not be
considered. The question now is simply on
taking it up. and upon that motion, in disregard
of what are the rules of the Senate, Senators
have gone into a discussion as to the amount
of population, and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has assumed that he showed that the
law authorizing the people of Colorado to form
a State government was defunct and should
not be referred to and that nobody replied to
it. I have no doubt he thinks so. I tried to
reply to it in my feeble way. I tried to show
him that in good faith Congress was committed
to the people of Colorado by that law. Of
course it did not amount to anything; but it
is assuming a good deal to say that nobody
attempted to answer at all.
Now, sir, the enemies of taking np this meas-
ure propose that you shall put it off for a week.
Sir, let it come up now, and let us now make
it the special order for some day when it can
be considered, and not when we meet here next
Tuesday bo opposed again by the same argu-
ments against taking it up at all. That is what
we are met with to-day. The Senator from
Massachusetts, who called the question up, gave
notice that he had no desire to have action on
the bill to-day. He wished to call the subject
Tip ; he had made a motion to reconsider the
action of the Senate that it had on a former
day, and this reasonable request to call up a
measure which has the support, certainly, of
quite a number of Senators, and, I hope, may
have of a majority, is met by the objection that
it shall not come up at all. And the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] tells us he
has a speech to make. If he makes it he will
make it out of order, for there is nothing in
order on this question except simply sugges-
tions as to the propriety of taking up the bill;
its merits cannot be gone into.
Now, let us take up the bill, and let it be
agreed to postpone it to the day named by the
Senator from Iowa. He has made his speech;
he has attacked Colorado on account of the
population. I am prepared to show by a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Colorado, adopted
within sixty days, that they have got more than
fifty thousand people—a solemn act of their
Territorial Legislature—and the Senator says
they have not but fifteen thousand. You may
prejudice a case by that sort of argument when
the question is not up. I hope the Senator
from Iowa, if he is willing that we should con-
sider the question at all, will let us take it up
now and make it the special order for Tuesday
next at one o'clock. I believe everybody will
agree to that.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the remark
of the Senator from Illinois, that those who are
opposed to the passage of this bill are deter-
mined that it shall have no hearing, is uncalled
for, is unworthy of him, and so far as I am con-
cerned is not true. I have listened upon several
occasions to the kind of lectures with which the
Senator is so familiar, and which he is so much
in the custom of delivering here in the Senate,
but so far as they apply to me, I wish to inform
him now that I am heartily tired of them, and
I shall be exceedingly obliged to him if he will
withhold them in the future.
Mr. President, what I said in regard to the
population of Colorado I said in answer to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, who called up
this measure. [Mr. Wilsox,] and it was not
volunteered by me. And so far as it relates
to the memorial of the General Assembly of
Colorado, if the Senator from Illinois, with all
his acumen, can convince the .Senate that it is
possible for the General Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Colorado to memorialize and enact
a fact of which they are as ignorant as we
are, and convince us that we ought to adopt
that statement, he will show a great deal more
shrewdness and acumen than I have ever known
him to exhibit thus far.
Sir, in perfect good faith I made the prop-
osition that by universal consent this question
should go over until Tuesday, and that then
nothing else should be considered until it was
disposed of, and I am, I confess, not pleased
with the manner in which that proposition is
met by the Senator from Illinois when he tells
us that those, including all of us, who are op-
posed to the passage of this bill are unwilling
that it should haveafairhearingin the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. _ Mr. President, I have my
ground of complaint against my good friend
from Illinois. I do not mean to be very severe,
however.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon ;
I do not give way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rose only for the purpose
of asking what is the question before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on post-
ponement, and I shall speak to the question, I
assure my friend.
Mr. JOHNSON rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor
and does not yield it.
Mr. SUMNER. I said I have good ground
of complaint against my excellent friend from
Illinois. He undertook to answer what I never
said ; that is, he attributed to me something and
then he found it very easy to answer. Now, sir,
I never said that the argument that the enabling
act was defunct was never answered on this floor.
I said that the argument was made. I made it;
others made it; the Senator from Iowa, many
Senators, made it. I did not say that it was not
answered. I remember well the effort of the
Senator from Illinois to answer it. Whether
he succeeded or not, I give no opinion. What
I did say, however, was this: that on that occa-
sion the suggestion was made, which my excel-
lent colleague has made to-day, that I was guilty
of an inconsistency; and I said that then and
there I answered that argument. My colleague
was not here, and he did not hear the answer,
and therefore he has to-day without knowing
the facts revived that charge of inconsistency.
Holding the documents in my hand on that
occasion I showed that the enabling act pro-
vided as follows:
" That all persons qualified by law to vote for rep-
resentatives to the General Assembly of said Terri-
tory, at tha date of the passage of this act, shall be
qualified to be elected; and tuey are hereby author-
ized to vote for and choose representatives to form a
convention.'*
That is, the electors, according to this ena-
bling act, were the electors at that time, author-
ized as such by the territorial statutes. Holding
the territorial statutes in my hand, I showed
you that when that act was pending in the Sen-
ate of the United States, all persons, without
distinction of eolor, were authorized to be elect-
ors. That was the answer that I gave before;
that is the answer that I give now. Therefore,
sir, I say that when I voted for this enabling
act, I did not vote with any idea that there
could be a discrimination founded on color;
on the contrary, I voted with the positive con
viction that all possibility of such discrimina-
tion was excluded; and still further, in that
very enabling act I voted for this proposition :
_ "The constitution, when formed, shall be repub-
lican, and not repugnant to the Constitution of tho
United States and the principles of the Declaration
of Independence."
Now, sir, I insist that the constitution which
has been presented to us is not republican,
and I further insist that it is inconsistent with
the Declaration of Independence. My excel-
lent colleague will certainly not maintain the
contrary of that proposition. He will not say
that a constitution which undertakes to exclude
persons from their rights on account of color
is consistent with the fundamental principles
of the Declaration of Independence, and that,
sir, is the very requirement of this enabling
act for which I then voted. I insist that if you
appeal to that enabling act you shall appeal to
it not in any particular part, but in its whole.
I appeal to it in that fundamental requirement
that what is done shall be in harmony with the
Declaration of Independence.
But, sir, I did not intend to argue the ques-
tion. What I have said is merely in reply to
my friend from Illinois. And now as to when
we shall proceed with this question. If Sena-
tors think they ever should proceed with it, if
Senators think that an effort like this to fly in
the face of the Declaration of Independence,
to fly in the face of those fundamental prin-
ciples which we at this moment are striving
to carry out through so large a portion of our
country should be for a moment tolerated in
this Chamber, then I am willing that you should
fix a time to proceed with it. J think it ought
not to be proceeded with at all. I think that
the cause of human rights suffers every moment
that you give to the consideration of the ques-
tion. But I began the debate this morning by
simply opposing your consideration of it to-
day. If you choose to make a sacrifice of
human rights do it on some other day than this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
that I have fallen under the animadversion of
mv friend from Iowa.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Mr. TRUMBULL,
words.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Allow me 
I shall say but a few
I hope my friend from
Illinois will allow me to make a suggestion to
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think there is one fact
that has escaped the attention of my friend from
Illinois, and that isastatemcntwhich was made
by the Senator from Iowa when he made his
suggestion. He proposed that this question
should go over to Tuesday next, and be fixed
by unanimous consent as the special order for
that day. I think my friend from Illinois could
not have heard that proposition, or none of this
subsequent debate would have occurred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did notso understand
the Senator from Iowa. I understood him to
propose that it should go over and be taken up
at that time, and not now made the special
order, as it could not be without taking it up
now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Sen-
ator from Iowa distinctly to say, "fix it as a
special order."
