1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2037
Mr. GRIMES. I did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot make it a
special order without first taking it up. The
Senator from Wisconsin must be aware of that.
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition I made,
and repeated twice, was that by unanimous
consent it should go over and be made the
special order for Tuesday morning, and be
then proceeded with until disposed of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was as I under-
stood it,
Mr. GRIMES. And the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts who has charge of this motion so
understood me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed that when it
went over we shouldhave the same difficulty in
taking up the matter on Tuesday that wc find
to-day; but, it seems in the few remarks I made
I fell under the very serious censure of both
the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from
Massachusetts, and especially the Senator from
Iowa. Now, sir, I never assumed to lecture
anybody in the Senate, and least of all the
Senator from Iowa. I should learn from him
without attempting to teach him anything.
The Senator from Massachusetts thinks that
I replied to the wrong part of his remarks. He
understands that he made a statement which
nobody replied to, and he reiterates it to-day,
which was that when he voted for the enabling
act he voted for an act which authorized all
persons, without regard to color, to vote in the
Territory of Colorado. Now, my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts is laboring under a
mistake himself, if he will allow me to say so.
The truth about it is that the law of Colorado,
when he voted for the enabling act, did not
allow colored persons to vote. The statute of
Colorado at the time the enabling act was passed
confined the right of suffrage to white persons.
The Senator from Massachusetts, therefore,
when he voted for an enabling act thai author-
ized the persons qualified to vote by territorial
laws to -form this State government, voted for
an act confining the right of sufiragc to white
persons.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to correct him there ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SUMNER. The date of the enabling
act is March 21, 1804 ; it was then approved.
My statement was, that when the Senate acted
upon this enabling act all our information was
that all persons in the Territory without dis-
tinction of color were electors, and we had
before us the territorial statutes authorizing
all to vote without distinction of color. Those
statutes were altered eight or ten days before
the approval of this act. I stated that on the
former occasion in my remarks, and what I
said was that when the Senate acted on this
bill it was supposed that all persons, without
distinction of color in that Territory, were
electors. The alteration was made in that
distant Territory between the action of the
Senate and the approval of the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was made before the
approval of the act?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whether the Senator
from Massachusetts aclcd under a mistake of
fact or not, I am not, of course, advised, ex-
cept as he informs us. I presume he acted
under a mistake of fact, as he seems to labor
under one or two mistakes to-day in supposing
that nobody tried to reply to this statement
when he made it before. I think the same
facts were drawn out then ; and the Senator.
I suppose, has not forgotten his vote in regard
to the other Territories where the suffrage was
confined to whites. I suppose he has not for-
gotten his vote for Nevada. Perhaps he acted
under a mistake then in voting to admit Ne-
vada, or for the enabling act for Nevada.
But, sir, Ihesc matters have very little to do
with the consideration of the question before
us : and I do not mean to be betrayed into any
personal altercation with either of the gentle-
men in regard to this question. 1 want to put
it upon its own merits. I thought I sow man-
ifested here a disposition to prevent this sub-
ject from being taken up. I did not have the
Senator from Iowa in my mind so particularly
as the Senator from Massachusetts who had hi
an informal manner announced that he had his
speech ready.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no specch ready;
I never said that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg pardon. I under-
stood the Senator to say that he intended to
speak against taking the matter up.
Mr. SUMNER. I began it, and I should
have gone on if I had not been arrested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call that a speech, for
when the Senator "goes on" he always makes
a speech. [Laughter.-] It seems that the Sen-
ator from Iowa thought what I said was a
reflection on him. Certainly anything of that
kind was the farthest in the world from any
intention of mine. I understand that there is
no objection on the part of the Senator from
Towa, and I hope there will bo none from the
Senator from Massachusetts, that we make
this subject the special order for Tuesday next.
So far as I am concerned I am entirely satis-
fied with that. That can only be done by
taking it xtp and then making it the special
order for that time. I am quite willing that
it should be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMERO Y. If it can be done by unan-
imous consent, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. YATES. I rise simply to remark that
I prefer the consideration of this question
to-day for a reason directly the reverse of that
which seems to animate the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Soixek.] 1 prefer that on
the day that so many happy people in the
streets ol' Washington are celebrating the
anniversary of their independence we should
set another star in the constellation of free-
dom. But, sir, I yield my objections and
consent to the postponement.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me everybody
is agreed in this matter, and there is no need
of prolonging this controversy.
Mr. POMEROY. With the understanding
that the question is to be taken up on Tuesday,
I withdraw my objection,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate is House bill No. 238.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to know if the
Colorado bill is made the special order for
Tuesday next at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT#™ tempore. The Chair
is unable to answer the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that wo post-
pone other orders for the purpose of doing
that, and llien it will be formally done.
The PRESIDENT/ro tempore. The motion
is renewed by the Senator from Illinois that
the present and all prior orders be postponed
in order to proceed with the consideration of
the subject named by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CLARIv. I simply desire to suggest to
the Senator from Illinois not to move to post-
pone the bill now before the Senate, because
then it will be away from the Senate, but to let
it be laid aside informally without a postpone-
ment, and let the other question come up by
unanimous consent and be made a special
order, and then this bill will come up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that course will
be adopted. I will not move to postpone, but
I ask that the Senate by unanimous consent
allow the bill in reference to the admission of
Colorado to be made the special order for
Tuesday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks that the bill now before
the Senate be laid aside by unanimous consent
and that the motion to reconsider the bill in
regard to the admission of Colorado be taken
up. The Chair hears no objection. That sub-
ject is before the Senate, and the motion is that
the vote rejecting the admission of Colorado
he reconsidered. " That question is before the
Senate. Will the Senate reconsider the vote?
Mr. TRUMBULL, I now move, in pursu-
ance of the understanding, that that subject be
postponed to and made the special order for
Tuesday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION OF UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 238) to amend an act entitled "An
March 3,18G3, is now before the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, the pending question
being on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to the first sectioHof
the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 .houglit there was a
special order for this hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
special order, but the unfinished busine* s of
yesterday takes precedence of the special order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The yeas and nays ,<ere ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. Many Senators have left
the Chamber, and this is an important vote. I
hope it will not be taken at the present time.
Senators have gone out for a few minutes, and
T suggest that the Senate take a recess for a
short time. [The procession of the colored
citizens, in celebration, of their enfranchise-
ment, had attracted Senators to the balconies.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. They will be in, I sup-
pose.
Mr. CONNESS. There is hardly anybody
here to vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum here,
I think.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Send the Sergeant-at-
Arms after the absentees.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let there be a call
of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is never a call of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
of the roll will proceed on the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask that the amend-
ment be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section one, line twenty, at the end of the
section to insert:
Or so far as itoperates as a defense for any act done
or omitted in any State represented in Congress dur-
ing the rebellion and in which at the time and place
of any such act or omission martial law was not in
force.
Mr. CONNESS. I move, under the circum-
stances, that the Senate do now adjourn. ["No,"
"No/']
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. NYE. I rise to make an inquiry whether
it would be in order to make a motion before
the vote is declared.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. No motion
can be made while the Senate is dividing.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays
14, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Conness, Cragin, Cresvrell, Grimes,
ITendev?on, Howard, Howe, Lano of Indiana, Norton,
Nve, Pomeroy, Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull, van
Winkle.Wade,Williams, Wilson, and Yales—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalow, Claik,Cowan,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Guthrie, Hendricks,
Johnson, McDouffall, Saulsbury, Sherman, and Wil-
 ] 4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown. Chandler, T)avis, Dixon,
Fessenden. Harris, Kirkwood, Lane of Kansas Mor-
gan, Morrill, JJesnuth, Poland, Itamsey, Kiddle,
Spraguc, and Wiight—1G.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 19, 18(36.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
j by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
! The Journal of yesterday was read ana
, approved.
j DISTRICT COURTS IN NEW YORK,
j Mr. MORRIS, by unanimous consent, from
I the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
! (H, R. No. 134) to regulate the terms of the
! United Stales courts in the eastern district of
i New York, and for other purposes.
