1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a too great generosity of nature; a generosity
that confides too tar in doubtful sources of in-
formation. Mr. Lincoln, in the earlier part of
the war, was surrounded and beset by rebels
in disguise and rebel sympathisers of every
grade. ^ Most of his hesitating policy, so much
complained of. was ascribed to this cause, ff
our present Fxeculhe is not more than human
he cannot be wholly impervious to the stream of
hypocrisy that for some months has been con-
tinually poured upon him. A rebel at the
"White House seeking a pardon, or claiming to
be a representative in Congress, is a very dif-
ferent thing from a rebel teaching his neigh-
bors or constituents that treason is a thing to
be commended, and disloyalty to the Union
Government a peculiar merit. For myself,
sir. I have seldom been deceived by the state-
ments ot Union men. I have never known a
man to rely on the statements of distmionists.
where there was a possible motive to disguise
the truth, but who was deceived. If loyalty
and truthfulness do not go together, and if
treason and hypocrisy are not concomitants,
then, indeed, have my observations been al
random. Senators will excuse mo for adopt-
ing the liomel,; adage, "If lie cheat me once,
the fault is in the cheater; if he cheat, me twice,
I make the fault my own.'' I prefer to rely
on the statements coming from the loyalty of
the South.
Sir. President, if it were the case that a
compliance with the terms and spirit of the
Constitution imposed any hardship on the
South, or any class in the South, I might have
scruples as to the course to be pursued. As
no hardship or injustice is possible I shall now
insist to the last extent that allegiance and pro-
tection must go together. If the contumacy
in tlio South continues I shall not consent to
call it peace. If protection cannot be enforced
except by congressional legislation. Freed-
men's Bureaus, and standing armies, there is
a way, I think, to bring this rebellion to a close.
"Without further paltering, I announce myself
ready to join in the proposed measure of laying
contributions upon the seceded States to pay
every dollar of the expenses which contumacy
adds to the Government. If tieasou lias not
already had sufficient luxury out of rebellion,
then let its cup be filled. I shall object to im-
posing these enormous expenses upon the hon-
est. peaceful industry of the country.
I i'eel impelled. Mr. President, to review the
position of the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Xr.s-
mitii.] lie assumes to deny "all power in
Congress or the President, oritiboth combined,
to make a State constitution or to dictate any
provision which shall ho contained in it.'' lie
assumes ''that a constitution must be wholly
made by the people over whom it is established,
and can bo made or amended by no other per-
sons whatever.'' This, sir. is the doctrine of
"State sovereignty" with a vengeance. It is
the ultimatum of all that was ever claimed by
the secessionists. It was the precise doctrine
to which they attached their sliding scale per-
version oftne phrase. " Governments can be in-
stituted only by the consent of the governed.''
It was from this "half-way house' that the
secessionists started on their jouiney thiough
the political wilderness of the confederacy. The
Public Functionary at the White House said,
"You have no right to secede, but if you do
secede, the General Government has no power
to restrain you." With the commencement of
the war commenced the construction of the
Constitution and the powers of the General
Government under it. We had generals in
command who construed and interpreted the
Constitution as Mr. Buchanan did. and who
fought in precise accordance with their inter-
pretations. We had other generals who inter-
preted differently and fought differently. "We
had men in Congress who agreed with Mr.
Buchanan, and who talked and acted like him,
and others who thought, talked, and acted dif-
ferently. We had a demoralized political party
that agreed with its old leader, while the bulk
of the people said, " This will never do." For
four years we were engaged in eemstruing the
Constitution under the arbitramentof the sword.
As the result of the conflict necessity compelled
the rebels to lay down their arms. The terms
of the surrender were " obedience in all things
to the Constitution." This involved the sur-
render of the doctrine of " State sovereignty,"
the right to secede, and all other political here-
sies that had involved the nation in civil war.
We have paroled the rebels, but we have not re-
leased them from any obligation to the Union.
Their political heresies we have never released
or paroled. We hold these heresies to-day as
prisoner of war. They have not in any man-
ner been amnestied, and it has becomc the duty
of Congress to determine what shall be done
with them. In dealing with these heresies, I
am at no loss for power in Congress, for I read
the Constitution thus:
"Whereas we, the people of the United
States, and we, the people of the several States
acting through the State authorities, for the
purpose of securing a more perfect Union,
and for the purpose of avoiding any tendency
to disintegration by reason of State govern-
ments dissimilar in principle, do hereby ordain
and agree that the United States shall guaranty
and make secure to every State in this Union,
and every State that may come into the Union,
a republican form of government; which term
'republican form of government' shall be con-
strued to mean popular suffrage government,
and no other. It is further ordained and agreed
that the natural and personal rights enumerated
t and implied in the Constitution are and shall
I remain inviolate, and that neither tne United
States, nor any State government or authority
shall subvert or impair them. And it is turther
ordained and agreed that the General Gov-
ernment, acting for and m behalf of all the
States, and ot each State, shall.have both a
restraining and constraining power over e\cry
State, and such power as tilt exigency demands,
to bring every State into compliance and accord
with the principles of this Constitution. And
it is further agreed, ordained, and established
that the Constitution of the United States, and
al! the provisions thereof, though not written
in the State constitutions, shall, nevertheless,
be and remain a part of theconstitution of each
State, and shall form iheeoramon fundamental
law of every State, and shall be and remain the
supreme law in all the States; provided never-
theless, that each and every Stale shall havethe
right and power to adopt and establish such other
provisions in its fundamental law as accords
with and does not in anv manner conflict with
said common fundamen tal law o fall the States.'1
Mr. President, how does it happen that men
in looking at the governmental framework of
the whole country overlook the fact that the
Constitution of the United States forms a .part
of the constitution of each State, and what is
more, the vital, sovereign, and controlling part
of the fundamental law of every Stay;' Some-
times apart of the Union Constitution is writ-
ten out and ingrafted in foim on a State con-
stitution by what is called a " bill of rights."'
This adds nothing to the binding character of
the provisions. A repetition of these funda-
mental provisions, as applicable to a locality,
is merely incorporating what before, if 1 may
use the expression, was the politically omnis-
cient and omnipresent sovereignty, the nation.il
fundamental law. Xo Slate can adopt any-
thing in a State constitution in conflict. When
it is assumed that Congress cannot dictate to a
State what its fundamental law shall be. I an-
swer, the Constitution dictates: the Constitution
makes the mandate 011 all the States; and the
same Constitution commands Congress, as the
tribunal of States, to carry that mandate into
execution. This power ot Congress to super-
intend and control the governmental frame-
work of all the States, given, not only in ex-
press terms, but by all implications arising from
political necessity, not only controls the politi-
cal organization of States, but the legislation
of every State. Let Senators cast about and
see whether human ingenuity can suggest a
natural or personal right tliat is not established j
and provided for in the Constitution. Let Sen- I
ntors again <sast about and see- whether human,
ingenuity can devise or invent any. govern-
mental machinery that could make traasgres- ■
sion 011 these rights legitimate. These natural
and personal- rights are State rights, and all the
legitimate sovereignty the States have, or catx
have, is to protect them under equal laws. . It
is thus, Mr. President, that I read and construe
the Constitution and the power of Congress
under it ;_and it is thus I propose to deal with
the doctrine of State sovereignty and the re-
served powers of the States.
If, in the restructure of southern State gov-
ernment,'with 'its altered condition of citizen-
ship, "neither the President, nor Congress, nor
both together, had any power to dictate any
provision which should be contained in the
State constitutions." I should beat a loss to
account for the conduct of the President. The
Executive most certainly has assumed to dic-
tate. or the people are very much misinformed.
The President has said, "You mustdo so," and
" You mustdo so," and "You mustdo so and
so. or your work will not be accepted or rati-
fied." The President, itseems, has practically
agreed with Mr. Madison, who, in commenting
on this provision guarantying republican gov-
ernment, says:
"Ina confederacy founded on republican princi-
ples, and composed of republican members, the su-
perintending government ouaht clearly to possess the
authority to Uel'end the system."
This great statesman, who is said to have
drawn the provision, had no scruple in declar-
ing that the superintending government, in case
of necessity, " had, the power to alter State
governments without the concurrence of the
States themselves." It seems to me, sir, that
as soon as a State is outside of the Constitution,
and in contumacy with it, the restraining and
constraining power of the General Government
attaches; that if the contumacy is persistent, it
calls into requisition the military power of the
nation; that if.determined resistance follows,
it may in the end call for the lastdcgrce of rig-
orous war. After having practiced for four
years on this platform of right and power, we
are now told in effect that the arm of the Gov-
ernment is paralyzed, and that it cannot com-
siimmate the work which the rebellion has im-
posed. Sir, I believe in 110 such doctrine.
Mr. President, I am no consolidati(?nist in
the objectionable sense in which that word has
been employed. I am for the largest exercise
of power by tlfe States, and all the power that
comports with the Constitution of the Union.
1 am a believer in the doctrine that such power
propeily and rightfully belongs to the States,
and that the nature and design of the whole
governmental framework was to permit local
administration in all matters that were not of
necessity thrown upon the General Govern-
ment for strictly national purposes. I would
be opposed to taking from the States any power
they could rightfully claim, and 110 one regrets
more than myself the painful necessity of con-
gressional legislation to effect under circum-
stances now existing, what cannot at present
be otherwise accomplished. Not a man in Con-
gress, 1 presume, but would rejoice to see ac-
complished through local State legislation and
State administration all that Congress can do,
directly or indirectly, by restraint or consuaint,
in carrying out the principles of the Constitu-
tion. What I am contending for, is the power
of Congress to force local State government
into compliance with the sovereign law. litis
I claim in the most enlarged and liberal sense,
and I should be unwarranted in consenting to
yield one "jot or tittle" of that power; for
experience now tells us that we know not when
nor under what circumstances it may be need-
ed. nor how imperiously its exercise may be
demanded.
In standing here to vindicate the principles
of the Constitution and the power of the Gen-
eral Government under it, I trust I shall not
be accused of fanaticism. If it is urged that
I am radical, I reply that I intend to be just
as radical as the Constitution. It has often
been said by unthinking men that the first
