14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
be read a first and second time, and referred
to a select committee of one from each State.
Mr. SPALDING. As there seems to be no
harmony among the gentlemen over the way,
I object.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. THAYER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to amend the act declar-
ing the officer who shall act as President of the
United States in case of vacancies in the offices
both of President and Vice President, approved
March 1, 1792; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, when appointed, and ordered to be
printed.
PENSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a joint resolution
permitting wounded soldiers to accept oflicc or
employment under the Government and receive
their pensions at the same time; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be put upon its passage.
_ The joint resolution was read. It provides
t&at the acceptance of office or employment
under the Government by wounded soldiers
shall not deprive them of their pensions, any
law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask whether
that resolution covers the cases of persons in
the military service. There is the Veteran Re-
serve corps, and if a man is holding a commis-
sion, or is in the military service, I do not think
he ought to receive a pension at the same time.
The language of the resolution seems to me too
general. It says that any wounded soldier in
the service of the Government shall not be pre-
vented by that service from drawing a pension.
It seems to me that the language ought to be
corrected, and I suggest that the resolution had
better be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. STEVENS. I will move to amend the
resolution so as to except those in the military
service of the United States.
Mr. KELLEY. It seems to me that the
resolution should embrace another class, if I
remember its phraseology aright. There are
many widows of soldiers, and some mothers,
who have pensions, who live by their needles,
and have found work in the arsenals, making
clothing for our soldiei-s; and I learn that then-
pensions have been stopped by reason of such
employment. I would like the resolution to
be made broad enough to cover all such per-
sons.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. KELLEY. I am quite sure my col-
league will amend it in that respect.
Mr. STEVENS. I am quite willing that the
resolution shall be so amended. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
distribution op documents.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I offer the following
resolution, which is a copy of a resolution
adopted at the commencement of the last
Congress:
Revolved, That all public documents of which extra
copies havo been ordered to be printed for distribu-
tion, and which have not been delivered to the per-
sons entitled thereto under the resolution of the last
House of Representatives, shall now lie deliver ed, by
the officer having possession of the Mime, to the Rep-
resentatives in this 1 !o:i.-'o of those districts whoso
former Representatives havo not drawn the docu-
ment? to which such districts were respeerively en-
titled according to the rate of distribution estab-
lished.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say to the
House thatl think that resolution would oper-
ate unjustly in certain particular cases. 1 know
some members of the last Congress who have
endeavored, by all the means in their power, to
get their books for distribution, and have been
unable to do so. The printing being done by
the Printing Bureau, it has been delayed, and
necessarily delayed, by the vast amount of
printing required to be done by the Depart-
ments; and gentlemen, although they nave
done everything in their power to get the
books they were entitled to to ^distribute in
their districts, have been unable to do so ; and
now, when they are about to be delivered to
them, I think it is unfair to have them taken
out of their hands and put into the hands of
others.
I know that there are gentlemen of this
class in town now who are anxious to have
their books. I have done everything in my
power to get my own. Of course this resolu-
tion would not affect me, but I have not got
more than half my books. I know that some
members havo not got more than one hundred
copies of the Agricultural Report, when they
are entitled to seven hundred copies. This
resolution would do injustice to tliose parties.
If they had neglected to ask for them it would
be different, and they ought to forfeit them,
but when they have repeatedly asked for them,
but have not been furnished with them, they
ought not to be compelled to forfeit them.
The SPEAKER. The resolution giving rise
to debate, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I was not in my seat
when the State of Vermont was called, and I
now ask leave to present a resolution.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall have
to withdraw my objection to the request of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
or else to make the same objection now.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Ihopethegentleman
will withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
withdraw the objection to the request of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
preedmen's affairs.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered and agreed to: -
llnmhed, That a committee of nine members be
appointed by the Speaker, to which so much of the
President's message as relates to fieedmen shall be
referred, and all reports and papers eonoerningfroed-
men shall be referred to them,with liberty to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joint resolutions 01' vermont.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented joint resolutions from the State
of Vermont, in relation to the reconstruction
of the States recently in rebellion against the
United States; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Founsy,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the resolution of the House
of Representatives, providing for an adjourn-
ment, with an amendment, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I hope the
resolution will be taken up by unanimous eon-
sent. and the amendment be concurred in. It
simply gives the Senate the same privilege that
we ask for ourselves.
There being no objection, the resolution was
taken up, and the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in as follows:
Before the word "House,'' insert "Senate
and;'" so that the resolution will read:
Resolved, (the Senate concurrma:,) That when the
Senate and House adjourn on "Wednesday, the tith of
Decunbcr instant, they stand adjourned until Mon-
day, tile 11th instant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider'the vote by which the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in: and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
war expenditures of states.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of one from each State
be appointed to consider and report, by bill or other-
wise, if any and what action should be taken to repay
to the several States the amounts of money advanced
and paid by them for expenditures connected with the
late war.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that that subject
ought to be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I do not wish to press any objec-
tion, however, if he has maturely considered the
subject; but it is intimately connected with the
Ways and Means, and a resolution of this char-
acter, it seems to me, ought to have that direc-
tion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call the
attention of the gentleman from New York to
the fact that the constitution of the Committee
of Ways and Means, as it existed last session,
has been changed, and it seems to me that this
subject would more appropriately go to a special
committee.
Mr. BROOKS. As the gentleman appears
to have considered the subject, I will not press
my objection.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It strikes
me that a committee of one from each State
would be the most suitable one for such a
subject.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that resolution
will not pass. It seems to me that, we have
appropriate committees to which all such sub-
jects should be referred.
The SPEAKER. As the resolution gives
rise to debate it will go over under the rule.
export duties.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a joint resolu-
tion providing for an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States by repealing the
clause forbidding the laying of taxes or duties
011 articles exported from any State : which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, wlitn appointed,
and ordered to be printed.
rebel dect.
Mr. BINGHAM-also introduced a joint reso-
lution providing for an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States forbidding the
payment or assumption by the Lmited States
or by any State of any debt which has jjeen or
may hereafter be contracted in aid of any re-
bellion against the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
when appointed, and to be printed.
equality before the law.
Mr. BINGHAM also introduced a joint res-
olution to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States so as to empower Congress to pass
all necessary and proper laws to secure to all
persons in every State of the Union equal pro-
tection in their rights, life, liberty, and prop-
erty: which was read a fi.'J and second time,
and ordered to be refeired to the Cominiitee
on the Judiciary, when appointed, and to be
printed.
use op tite hale of the iiofse.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question:
llaolveil, That the use oi'the Hall of the House of
Representatives be slanted to ihe Aiuciiean Riccd-
leen's Aid {'emails; ion tor a pnMie meeting on
Wednesday evening, December 1;!, Isd3.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
Gf, noes 41.
Before theresultof the vote was announced,
Mr. BKAA'DEUEE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 08, not voting
*20; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Raker, Ihudwin, Ranks, Raiker,
Raxter, Reanran, Ridwel!, Rin^hnm, Rhine, R!ow,
Routwel], Rroomall, BueklanJ, Rundy, Sidney Clark,
Cobb, Conkhna:, Cook, Culver, Ihuves, Rehees, Del-
ano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Drigsrs, Rumont,l£ek-
ley, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry. (Tarfield, Griimell, Hale,
Aimer C, Harding, Hart, Hayes, Uolmcs, Hooper,
