2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
The bill was read.
The committee reported sundry amendments
to the bill of a verbal character, which were
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
Mr. MORRIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was'passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"testimony of a. h. stephens.
Mr. BOYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Remlved. That there be printed for the use of the
members of the House of Representatives for dis-
tribution fifty thousand copies of the testimony of
Hon. Alexander H. Stephens before the committee on
reconstruction.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend that reso-
lution so as to make the number seventy-five
thousand.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has gone,
under the law, to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the introduction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late. The resolution has already been referred
to the Committee on Printing.
depot for ikon-clads.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duceda joint resolution authorizing the appoint-
ment of examiners to examine a sice for a fresh-
water basin for iron-clad vessels of the United
States Navy; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
instruction ix agricultural colleges.
Mr. LYNCH, also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide military instruction
in agricultural colleges established under the
act of July 2, 1862 ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make apersonal explana-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
Mr. ROGERS. Oh, no ; let us hear the
gentleman's explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
■will not object.
Mr. WHALEY. I learn that yesterday,
during my absence, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. eggleston] asked to have a letter read
from a gentleman in the reporters' gallery, but
the reading was objected to. I hold in my
hand a letter from the same gentleman which
I am informed by his friends he desires to have
read to the House. That is my excuse for
offering it, and I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
reporters' gallery,
house op representatives, April 16,1864.
sir: I sincerely regret that I was not present to
near your eloquent, severe, and well-merited rebuke
of some anonymous correspondent, who bad the ill
manners to intimate that you did not know the ele-
ments oi the Latm language; and that what all now
know you intended as a joke was in any sense con-
sidered as m earnest by yourself.
Will you do me the justice to state that I did not
write the article you caused to be read, or procure its
■writing, or even know that it had been written, until
the Gazette, in which it appeared as a selection,
rcached Washington?
You will at once perceive that the force of your
remarks against the real offender will in no degree
be broken by the correction which your own keen
sense of justice and appreciation of the ridiculous
will prompt you to make.
Very respectfully, your obedientservant,
H.V.N. BOSTON.
Hon. kellian v. whaley.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the gentleman from West Virginia is satisfied,
as I have no doubt the House is, of the good
faith in which that letter was written.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order of business.
public printing deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a biil making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the public printing for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1866; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be
made the special order for to-morrow. This
money is needed for the payment of the hands
during this month.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman how the business of the
House stands in regard to the ordinary appro-
priation bills.
Mr. STEVENS. With the exception of the
Indian appropriation bill, all thegeneral appro-
priation bills have been passed and sent to the
Senate, and only one or two of them have come
back. We have, besides the ordinary defi-
ciency bill, which is always kept to the end of
the session, only the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill back. All the other general appro-
priation bills have been reported to the House
and they have all been passed with the excep-
tion of the Indian appropriation bill, which has
been kept back in order that provision may be
made for several new treaties.
Mr. ROSS. I object to the bill being made
a special order.
The SPEAKER. A majority vote can make
the bill the special order for to-morrow, it being
an appropriation day. The Chair will put the
question to the House.
The motion to make the bill a special order
was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. McRUER asked and obtained leave of
absence for one week for his colleague, Mr.
HlGBl".
organization of tiie pension bureau.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness during the morning hour is the call of
committees for reports. At the close of the
morning hour of yesterday the House had re-
considered the rejection of House bill No. 278,
reported from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, in amendment of the several acts relating
to the organization of the Pension Office. The
question now is, Shall the bill pass ?
Mr. PERHAM. This bill has been pretty fully
discussed, and I desire that it shall be put upon
its passage now. I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Perham] will not
do that. He himself proposed yesterday to
have this bill recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions. I hope he wi!l have the letter
of the Secretary <jf the Interior upon this sub-
ject of salaries read to the House. I think the
gentleman did not state to the House what
that letter was.
Mr. PERHAM. I have seen no letter of
the Secretary of the Interior upon the subject
of this Pension Bureau.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
hope the House will understand that this is but
a stepping-stone to raising the salaries of all
these officers.
Mr. PERHAM. I think this House is as
well prepared to act upon this subject as it
ever will be.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the-gentleman
will allow me to say a word.
Mr. PERHAM. Very well.
Mr. SPALDING. I would as soon vote to
raise the salary of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions as to raise the salary of any other offi-
cer ; but I want to know if this is to be a step-
ping-stone to raising the salaries of all those
officers. If it is, let us know it.
Mr. PERHAM. That question was asked
yesterday and answered as fully as it could be.
Mr. SPALDING. I only desire that the House
shall act understanding^ upon this subject.
Mr. CONKLING. With the permission of
the gentlaman from Maine, [Mr. Pkrham,] I
desire to say that I voted yesterday in the first
instance against this bill. I did it, I confess,
without much knowledge of the bill, for 1 hap-
pened to be out of the House and unavoidably
occupied otherwise when the explanation of
the bill was made. I voted against the bill
from my general opposition to the increase of
salaries. For one, I have great respect for
the officer whose salary is in question here. I
believe him to be a very pure man and a very
excellent officer; but if th*e gentleman from
Maine will take the trouble I will thank him to
state, for my benefit and for the benefit of
others similarly situated who did not hear his
explanation, what is the particular reason for
raising the salary of this officer. If it is really
a case of hardship, my inclination would be to
go with him although I am generally opposed
to raising salaries.
Mr. PERHAM. On the first day this ques-
tion came up I presented, as fully as I could
in the very brief period I occupied the reasons
which governed the committee in making this
recommendation. I stated the fact of the very
large amount of business now before that bu-
reau ; that it had increased perhaps tenfold
since the commencement of the late war. I
also stated that the salaries of these bureau offi-
cers were formerly fixed at half the salaries of
the Cabinet officers. The salaries of the Cab-
inet officers have now been raised to S8,000 a
year, and we propose by this bill to increase
the salary of this officer so that it shall corre-
spond to the salaries of Cabinet officers, as it did
before those salaries were raised.
I also stated the further fact that many other
officers of the Government, heads of bureaus
having much less work to do and much less
responsibility, are receiving salaries equal to
and in some instances greater than that which
the committee propose to give to this officer.
Those arguments are set forth more fully in the
columns of the Globe than I feel willing to take
up the time of the House in now stating.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman from Maine if the duties of
the Second Auditor have not increased within
a few years in a greater proportion than those
of the Commissioner of Pensions. And the
duties of the Third Auditor have also been
increased. And I know that the duties of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs have been
increased nearly twofold, in consequence of
troubles among the Indians of late. The same
reasons which operate in favor of increasing
this salary will operate with equal force in favor
of increasing the salary of every bureau officer
of the Government. And if we increase the
salary of the Commissioner of Pensions, I do
not see how we can refuse to increase the sala-
ries of other officers. As the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spai.dixg] has very well said, this
is merely a stepping-stone to a general increase
of salaries.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I understand that the
Secretary of the Interior has written a letter
explaining his views upon the question of rais-
ing this salary as well as other salaries in his
Department.
No man in this House feels better disposed
toward the Commissioner of Pensions than I
do; and I have seldom given a vote with so
much reluctance as that which I gave yester-
day against the increase of the salary of this
officer, because I am fully aware of his great
merit and the immense labor he has toper-
form. I only voted as I did for the reason
that I believed the increase of this salary would
be a precedent for the increase of other sala-
ries. If a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior on this subject is before the commit-
tee, I believe it due to the House that the let-
ter should be read. I have just this moment
understood that there is such a letter. I ask
my colleague [Mr. perham] whether such is
the fact.
Mr. PEIUIAM. I will state, in reply to my
