31)60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
eronee for the opinion of the Senator from
Maine and know the importance of his bills,
yet. us it is usual. I believe, that this particu-
lar appropriation bill is the last in the order
of bills that are passed, I sincerely hope that
the bill to which the country is looking, which
is of so much interest, the bill to equalize the
bounties of our solders, will not be passed
over, but that we shall proceed to act upon it
at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have the ques-
tion. If the Senate say that the appropriation
bills shall give way for this bounty bill, very
well. *
Mr. WILSON. I will agree to withdraw the
motion on this understanding: the appropri-
ation bill now before us was taken up yester-
day and is the uniinished business. When that
shall be disposed of I shall renew my motion
to take up this bill, and I shall then insist upon
taking it up as the next business in order. If
the Senator disposes of his appropriation bill
to-day. we can take this up afterward as the
next bill; but I give notice that I will antag-
onize it to the tarilf bill or any other bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I give notice to gentle-
men tlu.t I must call up that little tariff bill,
which will take no time. 1 presume.
The PRESIDING OI'FICER. The motion
cannot be withdrawn unless by unanimous con-
sent, the yeas and nays having been ordered.
Mr. LANE. If I am permitted to withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays. I will do so, on
the suggestion of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and at the request of
others, but it is with the fear that this bounty
bili will not pass or we shall not got a vote
upon it at this session. This is the end of it
unless its friends urge its immediate consid-
eration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the motion is with-
drawn.
civil appropriation bill.
The -Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 707; making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30. 1S07. and for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I send an amendment to
the Chan' zo be inserted at the bottom of page"
2, after line thirty-six :
For expense- ot detecting and bringing to tria! and
puni-h-neut i' -r-.i,- engaged in pei pefiatimr Iran 1~
r.jMMt the br:i:ed s-1::' to bo d'-barsod under the
direction ot : ae Secretary of the Treasury, tdO.OOO.
I he an:"ndraent was agreed to.
Mr. CRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment. as an additional section:
A :■ -lb-' it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, end he is hereby, authorized to dispose of
the property received from the rebel steamer Flor-
ida, and distrioute the proceeds thereof as other
prize money is required by law to be distributed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be remembered that
in the harbor of Bahia, in Brazil, the rebel
steamer Florida was captured by the captain
of the United States ship Wachusett, and she
was brought to American waters, and was lying
ill Hampton Roads, and by one of those mys-
terious dispensations of Providence, which
two military or naval courts-martial have been
unable satisfactorily to account for, she was
sunk by an Army transport. Before she was
sunk, about fourteen thousand dollars' worth
of property—that is the whole amount that is
involved—had been taken from her. 1 have
alii! of the property on my desk; and it is
proposed that half that property which is now
In the hands of the Secretary of the Navy shall
be distributed between Captain Collins and the
uliieers and crew of the Wachusett as other
prize property is distributed, the other half
goim: into the naval pension fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTIIGNY. I move to reconsider the
vot" by which the amendment on page 3, from
line fifty-eight to line ' ixty-lwo was adopted.
I have another proposition which, if this mo-
tion prevails, I shall offer to cover both those
clauses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to that.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The'ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move to amend
the bill by striking out all from line fifty-four
to line sixty-two, which will include the amend-
ment. of the committee, in the following words:
For the purpose of printing and publishing at the
Government Printing Office the first volumes of the
Medical and Surgical History of the IlebWiion, under
th" direction of the Surgeon Genera!, $00,000.
For the preparation, printing, and publishing at
the Government Printing Office of the report of the
medical statistic-* m tho Bureau of the Provost Mar-
shal General, to be prepared under tho direction of
Surgeoo J. 31. Baxter, $60,003.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
For the purpose of preparing for publication, under
the direction of the Seci etary of War, and ol punt-
ing at the Government Printing Office, five thousand
col ic- of the flr.-i, volume of the Medical and Surgi-
cal History of tile Rebellion, complied by the Sur-
geon General, and for tho purpose of preparing for
publication, under the direction of the Secretary of
War, and of pinning at the Government Printing
Orhee, five thousand copies of the medical statistics
of the Provost Marshal General's Bureau, compiled
and to be completed by Surgeon J. 11. B.-ixtcr, $00,000:
Provided, That the edition* of both publications, thus
ordered, shall be disposed of as Congress may tiere-
atter direct: And provided further. That the neces-
sary engraving and lithographing for these publica-
tions may be exoeutcd under the direction of the
Secretary of War, without advertisement.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is SC0.000 appropriated
for both works?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you say that $60,000 is
necessary?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think POO.000
is necessary. Sixty thousand dollars was suf-
ficient to print the first volume of the Medical
History and to pay for the printing of it. We
have now provided that the printing shall be
done at the Government Printing Office. At
the same time, the work is to be done under
the direction of the Secretary of War, and it
is not likely that any more will be expended
than is necessary. There is a general law
which requires that all engraving, when the
estimated amount exceeds 82-30. shall be ad-
vertised for, and given out to the lowest and
be^t bidder. This engraving is of a peculiar
character. But very few persons are capable
of doing it, and those are persons who have
been specially instructed in the Surgeon Gen-
eral's office: and it seemed proper, therefore,
that this provision of law should be waived in
this instance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like now to
finish the committee's amendments, and so I
will ask tho Senate to turn back to the amend-
ment for the Providence hospital and have that
disposed of. But before doing that, as this
bill is under consideration, I have received
and desire to present a petition from a large
number of property holders and citizens of
Georgetown, praying Congress to continue the
appropriations for this year for lighting Bridge
and High streets, in that town. I wish to pre-
sent it now, and have it laid upon the table, as
the consideration of it must come up on this
bill, if at all. The House has struck out of
this appropriation bill everything for lighting
Bridge and High streets, in Georgetown, and
it must be put on this bill, if at all.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The peti-
tion will be received, by unanimous conscnt,
and laid on the table. The question now is
on the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, to strike out, after line four hundred
and eighty-two, the following clause:
Providenco hospital, District ofColumbia:
For the purpose of aiding in the erection of an
additional building to the Providence hospital, in
the city of Washington, $30,000: l'mridnl, That if
the said property should ever be sold or diverted
from the uses expressed in the act of Congress enti-
tled "An act to incorporate Providence hospital, of
the city of Washington. District of Columbia," ap-
proved April 1> 1, th«ii the sum of fyi.KKi shall he
first paid out ol the proceeds thereol iulu the United
States Treasury to reimburse the sum hereby appro-
priated.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the clause proposed to be strickcn out by in-
serting after the word ;'dolhus" in line four
hundred and eighty-six the following ;"-o-
viso 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question now is
simply on concurring in the amendment of the
committee striking out that clause. If it is
stricken out, that additional proviso will not
be necessary, but if it remains in the bill, that
proviso should be added to it.
Mr. SIIEli MAN. I do not know tho pre-
cise stage of the hill, but the Committee on
Finance reported an amendment striking out
the appropriation for the Providence hospital.
The appropriation as it stood was objectionable
in some particulars, and to obviate those objec-
tions I have drawn an amendment. I will there-
fore move, before the amendment of the Com-
mittee on riiKittec ic acted upon, to strike out
the proviso and insert in lieu thereof what I
will send to tho Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would it not be better
to put it in as tho first proviso, leaving the one
now in to stand'!
Mr. SHERMAN. It will do in lieu of the
proviso. I think it covers the whole ground.
It is to strike out all of the proviso commencing
in line eight hundred and forty-six and to in-
sert:
Provided, That no portion of said snms'nnll be ex-
pended until the plan of such building shall be sub-
mitted to tlic architect of the Capitol extension, and
he "hall certify that it is well adapted to the purpose
contemplated, and that its cost will exceed StW.OuO;
ami said sum of $u0,000 shall be paid in installments
a.s eeual amounts derived from other sources shall bo
expended on said building: and the said building is
hereby dedicated to the relief id' sick and indigent
persons without distinction to creed or color, and
shall remain under the care of the Si-*ters of Charity
as iiv-orpoi.ited under an a-'t entitled ".An act to m-
coi pornte the Pro\ ldcnce hospital of the.euy of "NVa-h-
in£Ton. District of Columbia," appioved April s, IStU.
The history of this charity, as near as I can
learn from the ladies who hftve charge of it. is
this: the Sisters of Charity undertook to -relievo
the transient sick and disabled persons in the
District ofColumbia. Some few years ago Con-
gress appropriated a small sum for the relief
of sixty patients under their care, a sum barely
sufficient to pay at that time the expenses of
sixty patients. That sum has been continued
from that time to this. The sum then appro-
priated was insufficient to pay th" expense-" of
sixty patients. Those patients are sent to the
charity by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and by other public oilicers,
and mostly personsconnected with the Govern-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We doubled the appro-
priation last year and this.
Mr. SHERMAN. And we doubled the num-
ber of patients, also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. That appropriation has
been passed for several years. Last year, dur-
ing last summer, on account of the vast increase
of persons of this character, they formed a plan
to build a building costing $'JO,6oo, $00,000 of
which they expect to get from other sources
and $30,000 they ask from the Government of
the United States. Two years ago, under the
act of April 8, 1864, this charity was incorpo-
rated by a special act, entitled "An act to incor-
porate "the Providence hospital of tho city of
Washington, District of Columbia.'' That act
incorporated four or five of these Sisters of
Charity by name as an incorporation.
When this proposition came before the Com-
mittee on Finance the objection was made,
first, that there was no guarantee that any
money would be paid by anybody else except
by the United States, and that probably the
ladies would only have the $30,000 and expend
that, and then would call upon the Govern-
ment for more. I have obviated that objection
by requiring the money to be paid only in in-
stallments, and its they expend an equal amount
derived from other sources. It was objected,
too. that the fund might be diverted from the
purpose which was designed by Congress, and
