2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
I repeat, that it is a question whether we
shall control this commerce or whether Can-
ada shall do it. The records of the past show-
very clearly that more than three fourths of all
the commerce that has gone through that canal
has gone into our ports, and not down the St.
Lawrence river; and so it will be hereafter.
And if such is the fact, while that canal is
under the control of a foreign Government and
while our commerce between the lakes is not
under our own control fully, it becomes a very
important question whether we shall not have
a canal of our own on our own side over which
we shall have entire control, and thus direct
the trade through our own ports and to the
benefit of our own citizens.
As I stated at the opening of my remarks,
there are several gentlemen who wish to speak
this morning; and, as I am very much indis-
posed and propose to discuss this measure
hereafter, I yield to gentlemen who desire to
speak. I yield now for fifteen minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Moth/ton.]
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, in common
with the people of the great West, I, as well
as my State, feel a very great interest in this
project; indeed I may say that for more than
twenty years the people of the great States bor-
dering upon the lakes have looked forward to
the time when this great national work shall be
completed, and have regarded it as absolutely
necessary for their prosperity and the develop-
ment of the States bordering upon those waters.
■ And I will say here that there is 110 single ques-
tion to-day in which the people of that part of
the country which I have the honor in part to
represent feel so great an interest as in the
questiou now under consideration.
Mr. Speaker, I will not occupy the few mo-
ments allotted to me in a discussion of the
details of this bill. I believe they are sub-
stantially what are desired by our people, with
a single exception, and that is that the bill
provides that the depth of the canal shall" be
twelve feet. I think that the interests of the
commerce of the West require that that canal
shall at least be of the depth of fourteen feet,
so that we can load a vessel at Chicago of
twelve hundred tons and without breaking bulk
convey the products of the West either to the
eastern sea-board or to Europe.
Now, sir, the Government has contemplated
this work almost ever since its foundation. It
has been looked upon as an absolute necessity,
at least in a military point of view. I shall
make no remarks at this time as to its impor-
tance in that point of view. But no one who
is acquainted with the topography of the west-
ern States, and the important connection that
this work will accomplish, can doubt its great
importance in that regard. It is to its com-
mercial importance that I wish particularly to
call the attention of the House at this time.
Before I do that, however, allow me to say
a single word with reference to the power of
the Government to construct works of this
character. There was a time when the power
of the Government to make appropriations for
works of this character was disputed, but that
time has long since passed by. The distinc-
tion is that whenever a work is national in im-
portance and has reference to more than one
State, connecting important navigable waters,
as does this work, it may be regarded as en-
tirely competent, and within the power of Con-
gress under the Constitution, to make appro-
priations for the work. And such has been
the practice of the Government upon this sub-
ject. Let me quote the language of President
Monroe, touching the authority of Congress
upon this point. Mr. Monroe said in refer-
ence to a work of a similar character to this:
" That Congress have unlimited power to raise
money, and that in its appropriation they have a
discretionary power, restricted only by the duty to
appropriate it to purposes of common defense, and
of general, not local, national, not State, benefit."
This construction of the Constitution was
adopted by General Jackson, and I believe it
has been the settled rule from that time to this
with reference to works of this kind.
Prom the earliest period of our Government
appropriations have been constantly made for
the purpose of aiding in the construction of
^k.s of this character down to the very pres-
ent time.
Now, sir, I hold it to be the duty of the Gov-
ernment to afford reasonable facilities forcom-
merce between the States. How is it with ref-
erence to the western States to-day? I may
say of those States that they are in their infancy
as regards development. In the State of Illi-
nois, not one tenth part of her area has yet
been developed and cultivated; and the com-
plaint of the greatWest to-day is that there are
no sufficient facilities afforded to that section
of country whereby the immense surplus prod-
ucts there raised can reach a market at reason-
able expense.
It is conceded upon all hands, I think, that
the Erie canal and the railroads connected
therewith afford no adequate facilities for the
transportation of the products of the West.
The value of the products of the West an-
nually seeking a market in the East is more
than five hundred million dollars.
There are over three thousand steam and
sail vessels upon our western lakes, and all
this immense commerce has to be crowded
through a single channel to market, and we of
the West are at the mercy of an overgrown cor-
poration and monopoly.
Now, sir, the objections that are made to this
work, as I understand the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Van Horn,] come principally from
the State of New York. Now, what are those
objections ? Let us look at them for a moment.
It is said that this canal would deprive the Sta,te
of New York of a portion of its tolls and ruin
and destroy the business of the Erie canal.
Now, I do not admit that fact. And even if
the completion of this canal should deprive
that State of a portion of its tolls, is that any
reason why this great national work should not
be completed ? The answers to this objection
are:
1. The present canal and railroad connected
with it cannot now do the business required by
the growing interest of the West.
2. The West has been enormously taxed by
these monopolies in New York, and has an-
! nually paid tolls to that State the sum of
1 $10,000,000.
8. It saves to the West one hundred and fifty
miles of artificial travel and about seventy-five
cents on each ton of freight.
Besides, New York is estopped from setting-
up the plea that the completion of this great
work will injure her canals and railroads, be-
cause, as has already been stated here to-day,
the Legislature of that State has on two or
three occasions, and also very recently, granted
to a company the right to construct this very
work, thereby yielding up that entire question
so far as it may affect her existing railroads
and canals.
! This action of the people of New Yox-k con-
! cedes the fact thatt.he construction of the ship-
i canal would not injure the other canals and
| railroads of New York. I would ask, what
1 right has the State of New York to place her-
| self in the highway of commerce and monop-
1 olize the tolls upon all the products raised in
| the West?
| It is further said that the canals and rail-
roads of the State of New York will be rained
and destroyed if this work iscompleted. Now,
'if in the infancy of the development of the
j West, so far as its productions are concerned,
I with hardly one fifteenth of the whole western
| country developed, these canals and railroads
1 are insufficient to transport the products of
to-day, how much more so would they be when
the West shall be more extensively developad.
Sir, what are the benefits to the West to be
derived from the construction of this canal ?
What is the great want of the West to-day? It
is the want of facilities for transporting their
products to market. In the first place, this
ship-canal will enable us to load our products
on vessels at the southern ports of Lake Michi-
gan, in fact all around Lake Michigan, and
upon Lake Erie, and from there to have them
transported without breaking bulk at all, or
more than once, to the eastern sea-board. It
overcomes an artificial travel of one hundred
and fifty miles, thus saving from seventy to
seventy-five cents upon every ton of produce
transported. And that amount is saved as well
to the consumer in the East as the producer in
the West. It will develop all the interest of
the West, increase the value of all kinds of
property, encourage immigration, and stimulate
industry of every kind.
Another objection to this canal is, that it
appropriates a considerable amount of money
from the Treasury of the United States, The
sum to be appropriated by this bill is only
$6,000,000; a very small sum, indeed, when
compared with the great advantages that are
to be received from this expenditure. And
besides, it is provided in the bill that this ap-
propriation shall be reimbursed to the Govern-
ment by reserving ten per cent, of the tolls as
they shall subsequently accrue. But. sir, with-
out the means for transportation the interest
of the West will be paralyzed and its prosperity
greatly retarded. <,
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Tay-
lor] has asked what advantage it will be to
American commerce to construct a canal of
thi3 character. It seems to me that the advan-
tages are so obvious that that question need not
be asked. It enables us, as I have already
remarked, to overcome at least one hundred
and fifty miles of artificial travel, at a saving
of at least seventy-five cents on each ton of
produce transported. The gentleman says,
however, that since the expiration of the reci-
procity treaty between the United States and the
British Provinces we will not have the use of
the St. Lawrence river. It is tru e that we would
not, independent of some arrangement with the
Canadas, have the use of the St. Lawrence river
below the town gf Ogdensburg. We certainly
have the right to the use of the river to Ogdens-
burg. for it is American waters that far.
Now, I assume that it will be for the interest
of Canada to provide means and facilities of
commerce to the great West through their
canals. We pay tolls on the parage of our
vessels through the various canals constructed
for the purpose of overcoming the obstacles and
obstructions in the St. Lawrence river. If we
desire to ship to Europe the products which we
load at Chicago, what objection would Canada
have to allowing our vessels to pass through
her canals, paying reasonable tolls, as they have
done heretofore ? Indeed, I am informed that
Canada will afford every facility in her power
for this purpose. She desires us to pass
through her canals for reasonable toll.
But it is said that if that is done the State
of New York would lose the benefit of those
tolls. It is true she would to that extent. But
I asspme that in the future development of the
productions of the West, there will be suffi-
cient commerce from west to east to tax to the
utmost every means of communication that can
possibly be established between the West and
the eastern sea-board for the next fifty years.
To-day not more than one tenth part of the
productions of the West can be taken to market
for want of transportation. Thousands of bush-
els of com have been used in the West for fuel
during the past year, because it was worth loss
than other fuel and it would cost more than it
was worth to transport it to market. What in-
ducement is there for the western farmer to
exert himself to raise production-) that are of
no value to him? The West to-day is over-
flowing with surplus productions of every kind
which are comparatively valueless for want of
means and facilities for market.
Now, sir, this canal will permit us to reach
the city of New York almost without breaking
bulk. We load at Chicago or at Detroit, and
we take our vessels without breaking^ bulk to
Ogdensburg at least, connecting at Syracuse
with the Erie canal and thus reaching New
York. It seems to me that it is the interest
of A'ew York to encourage this very work,
whereby New York and the other eastern sea-
ports may control the conmerce of the West.
