1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ft
that military order. I think, therefore, sir,
that the Military Committee ox this body, that
has in charge, first, the freedmen, and, sec-
ondly, military questions, ought to proceed
with its consideration.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The bill now presented,
if I correctly understand it from its title, is a bill
which provides for conferring legal title by act
of Congress.- Now, the question of legal title
to land, as it seems to me, is always of neces
sity a very grave legal or constitutional ques-
tion ; and the Committee on the Judiciary is
organized with a view to the consideration of
such questions, but the Military Committee is
not. If it was a bill in reference to the gov-
ernment of the freedmeu upon these lands, if
it was in reference to the organization of the
freedmen in companies, or putting them under
otficers, it would be a very different thing; it
would be a military affair altogether. Having
made this suggestion, I move to amend the
motion of reference by substituting the Com-
mittee of tho Judiciary for the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
three, noes not counted.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill {S. No.
20) granting lands to aid in tho construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Stales of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by
the southern route; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Pa-j
cilic Railroad, and orderc-d to be printed. 'ir
Mr. STEWAiiT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 21) to establish a Mining Bureau; which
was road twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. IiOAVE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
22) supplementary to the several acts relating
to pensions; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WiLLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
23) giving the consent of Congress to the .an-
nexation of tho commies of Berkeley and Jef-
ferson, formerly of the State of Virginia, to the
State of West Virginia; which was read twice
by its title, rel'euvdto the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
21) to amend section five of an act entitled
"An act supplementary to an act entitled 'An
act to grant pensions,' approved July 4,180-1;"
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNELC asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2">) to provide for the adjustment and satisfac-
tion of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the 31st
day of July, 1801; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. li. No. 2) for the restoration of Com-
manders William Reynolds and Melaneton B.
Woolsey, of tho United Stales Navy, to the
active list from the reserved list; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 3) in relation to the present
condition of Mexico, and the policy of tho
Government of tho United States in reference
thereto ; which was read twicc by its title, re-
ferred to tho Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 4) to prevent the sale of
notes, bonds, scrip, and other evidences of debt
issued by the so-called confederate States, or
39tti Goto. Ipt Riws.—No. 2.
any one of them, in aid of the rebellion; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
empeeok of mexico.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Sexnhied, That the President be requested to com-
mnnicato to the Senate, if not inconsistent with the
public interest, any correspondence 01- other informa-
tion in possession of tho Government, in regard to a
barbarous decree, issued by the so-called Emperor of
Mexico, under date of October 3, 18o5, ordering all
Mexicans, who bravely defend the sacred cause of
their independence, either in the battle- field or other-
wise, to be shot without any form of trial, and what
representations, it any, have boon made by the Gov-
ernment on that subject.
condition of southern states.
Mr. COWAN submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the President of the TJnittl States
bo, and is hereby, requested to furnish to tho Senate
information of the state of that portion of-the Union
lately in rebellion ; whether the rebellion !" a tceu
yuPiJiXSaCd^aml tho United States put agai .-pos-
session of the States m which it, existed; whetuer th^
United Htafes courts are restored, post ofliees rees-
tablished, and the re venues collccted; and also whether
the people of those States have reorganized their State
governments, and whether they are yielding obe-
dience to the laws and Government of the United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better lie
over and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is its con-
sideration objected to'.'
Mr. SUMNER. I objeetto it.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rule.
furnishing 01? president's hoitsb.
Mr. RIDDLE. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Humbert, That tho Committee on Finance bo re-
quested to report a bill at the earliest possible mo-
ment, in akin on appropriation of dollars for
the proper and decent fitting up and furnishing of the
President's House.
Mr. FEoSENDEN. I would suggest to my
friend that that is a matter which will properly
come in an appropriation bill from the House
of Representatives. We are not in the habit
of oiiginating appropriation bills in the Senate.
We have the power, I think, but the other
House has always objected to it. In a short
time, no doubt, the subject will properly be
before us.
Mr. RIDDLE. I anticipated the objection,
and I am well aware that the distinguished
Senator from Maine is right in the suggestion
he makes, but if he will tell me how 1 can in-
troduce this subject to the notice of the other
House at ail early day. I shall be obliged to
him. I visited the White House, or Executive
Mansion, as it is called, last week, and it is a
disgrace to the country. My only objcct is to
have the matter brought to the notice of the
House of Representatives in order that they
may make an appropriation for this purpose at
an early day.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I think, then, this may
be considered as notice, without our passing
tho resolution.
Mr. RIDDLE. I want to bring it to the
notice of (he House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDBN. I think it had better
lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over under the rule.
pension laws.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous eonscnt, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committees on Pensions be in-
siructed to inquire into tho expediency of repealing
the first section of "An act supplementary to the sev-
eral acts in relation to pensions,'' approved March 3,
18G5, and report by bill or otherwise.
ftiencii occupation of mexico.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following res-
olution; ■which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President is respectfully request-
ed to communicate to tho Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interests!, all correspoh&etaee, not yet
officially published,between ourGoyermaeatantltSat
of France touching the occupation by Fmwh-tnoops
of the republic of Mexico, and the establishment
a monarchy there. • -
officers paid illegally. " * *
^ 'Mr. ST7MNKR. I move to take up for con-
sideration the resolution whioh I offered'oh
Wednesday last, and which was objected to by
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr, JoHXSOZf,]
who wished to make a slight amendment to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLb. If that resolution /wifl
not give rise to debate I have no obj^ctioct to
its coming up now; but when the Senate ad-
journed 011 Wednesday last, it adjourned wliile
a motion was pending, made by myself, to r^fer
a portion of the President's message to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I had the floor at that
time and gave way to a motion to adjourn. I
prefer to go on with the regular order of-busi-
ness, but if this resolution is not to lead to de-
bate , I shall not object to its now being taken up.
Ixr. SUMNJSB. I do not think it will lead
to debate. I do not propose to discuss it.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. 1 have no objection to
its being taken up.
Mr. summer's motion was agreed to: and the
Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution submitted by him on the Gtli instant;
"Whereas it is provided by act of Congress that eyery
person, in the civil, military, or naval departments of
the public bcrvicc, excepting the President of the
United States, sholJ, before cntcriire upon the duties
of his office, and before being entitled to any" of the
salary or other emoluments thereof, take and sub-
scribe a certain oath in prescribed form, and it is fur-
ther prc\ ided in another act of Congress (February 9
18(53, chapter twenty-five, sectiontwo)that "no money
shall be paid from the Treasury of the United States
to any person acting as an officer, civijL military, or
naval, as salary in any office, which office is not au-
thorized by.some previously existing law, unless where
sucli oftice shall be subsequently sanctionecJb-y ]&w~;
and whereas it isreported fhat> notwithstanding these
acts of Congress, certain persons have been allowed
to enter upon the duties of office and to receive tho
salary and emoluments thereof, without taking the
prescribed oath, and certain other persons have oeen
appointed toofhet-s ''not authorized by any previously
cxi.Hinpr law : " Therefore,
U<'f.olvcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested, so far asthcrocordsof his Department allow,
to furnish to the Senate the names of any persons who
have been permitted to enter upon the duties of office,
and to receive the salary and emoluments thereof,
without taking the oath prescribed by Congress; also,
the titles of such offices, with an account of tho sal-
ary and emoluments thereof, and out of what fund
tho same havebcen paid; also, the names ol any per-
sons who have been appointed to any office " not^au-
thorised by some previously existing law," and if the
same have received any salary, what it was, and out
of what fund it has been paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. Theobjectionthatlthought
the resolution, when offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, obnoxious to, -was that it
rather assumed the fact that the acts mentioned
in it had been done by the Secretary under the
authority of the President, and did notrequest
the Secretary to give his reasons for such things,
if they had occurred. I proposed, therefore,
after hearing it on Wednesday, merely to amend
it so as to get rid of those particular objections;
but upon reading the resolution carefully after-
ward. it appeared to me that it would be better
to strike out the whole preamble. It seems to
me rather in the nature of an indietmcnt against
the Secretary and against the President. I
offer, therefore, as a substitute for the resolu-
tion, the paper that I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The fol-
lowing amendment of the resolution is^ moved
by the Senator from Maryland: to strike out
the preamble and all of the resolution after the
word ''resolved" and insert:
That tho Secretary of the Treasury be requested to
inform the Senate whether there arc any persons in
the civil, military, or naval service oi tho Imited
States, except the President of the 'United States,
who are discharging the respective duties of such of-
fices. and who arc receiving the pay and emoluments
thereof, without havincr complied with the provisions
of acts of Congress, (February 9,1863. chapter twenty-
five, section two;) and if there be, that he state bis
reasons for the same.
Mr. SUMNER- I should like to have that
amendment read again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. Scmseb.) You
have no objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. But it does not meet one
part of the case, does it?
