fa
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
, Mr. JOHNSON. I intended it to meet it
allI do not know whether it does or not.
■ Mr. SUMNER. For instance, it does not
'Hieet the statute introduced by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trdmbtjll,] providing that
no person shall receive any salary for an office
which has not been established by law.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thatl will add. I thought
it did.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will follow
the words inmyre,solutioB,Ihave no objection;
I merely wish to got the facts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the resolution be laid
on the table for a moment until I can perfect
my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside by common consent.
PRINTING OF FINANCE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. While the Senator from
Maryland is preparing his amendment, I move
that the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the state of the finances, which lies upon
the tabic, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move thatfive thou-
sand extra copies of that report be printed for
the use of the Senate, which motion will go to
the Committee on Printing under the rules.
It was so referred.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now call up the mo-
tion which was pending at the time of the ad-
journment on Wednesday last, to refer so much
of the President's message as relates to the
subject of reconstruction to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better fin-
ish the resolution that is under consideration ;
and upon the whole, I think that the Senator
from Maryland had better withdraw his propo-
sition and let the vote be taken on the resolu-
tion as offered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot do that.
Mv. SUMNER. Or let him introduce the
words which he proposed the other day, and
which I was perfectly ready to accept.
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators evidently wish
some time to perfect that resolution. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the honorable
Senator will allow me to call up the motion to
refer.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is to lead to debate,
I think we had better adjourn ; if not, I shall
not object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to make
some remarks on that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think the Senator had
better allow the Senate to adjourn. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 10, noes 1G.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
votes in the affirmative, and the Senate stands
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock
meridian.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 11, 1SG5.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read and
approved.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
_ Mr. NIBLACK. I rise io a question of
privilege. My colleague, Daxiej, W. Voorhces,
is now present, and 1 move that lie be sworn in.
Hon. DaxoxW. Voowiees was then duly
.qualified by taking the oath prescribed by law.
. committees.
slated that the committees
would be announced at the expiration of the
mornmg hour.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER also stated that the first
business in order would be the call on States
for bills on leave, commencing with the State
of Maine, to be referred to the appropriate com-
mittees, without debate, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
REIMBURSEMENT OF LOYAL STATES.
Mr. BLAINE. I introduce a bill to reim-
burse the loyal States for advances made and
debts contracted in support of the war for the
-preservation of the Union, and move that it be
referred to a select committee of seven.
I desire to state, with the unanimous consent
of the House, that the same subject was em-
braced in the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooi'Jin] offered on
Weduesday last; and it is by arrangement with
him that I offer this bill, and make the motion I
do. I desire to make my acknowledgments to
the gentleman from Massachusetts for the mag-
nanimity and courtesy he has shown in waiving
his parliamentary rights in order that I may
retain my connection with a measure originally
introduced by me in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER. Select committee of seyen
or nine? Committees are generally of five or
nine.
Mr. KASSON. At the proper time I pro-
pose to move the reference of the bill to a select
committee of one from each Stale, and will
state the reasons why it should be done.
Mr. BLAINE. I move a select committee
of seyen, and upon that I demand the previous
question. '
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that, whereas during the
war for the preservation of the Union, the loyal
States, andthe countics, cities, towns, and town-
ships within those States, made large pecuniary
advances, and contracted in many instances op-
pressive debts, all in support of a common cause
and all an equitable charge on the Treasury of
the United States, therefoie there shall be re-
imbursed to each of the loyal States a sum equal
to $ for each man duly enlisted and mus-
tered from said States into the military or naval
service of the United Stales during the late war;
that the amount to bo thus reimbursed shall be
in bonds of tho United Stales, bearing six per
cent, interest, payable semi-annually, and re-
deemable at the pleasure of the United States
after ten years from the date of issue and pay-
able in thirty years: that each State on the.re-
ceipt of said bonds shall apply them or their pro-
ceeds in good faith, first, to the liquidation of
whatever State debt may have been contracted
in support of the war; second, in an equitable
manner to the reimbursement of counties, cities,
towns, townships, and other municipal corpora-
tions for advances made or debts incurred in the
support of the war; and third, the residue, if
there be any, in such manner as the State Legis-
lature^ may determine; that tho Secretary of
the Treasury shall prepare and deliver said
bonds to each State before the 1st day of ,
A. D. 1806, and that the receipt of such bonds
shall be in full liquidation and payment of all
claims from said State growing out of tho late
war.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw the pievious question for a
moment to allow me to say a few words.
_The SPEAKER, if the bill is debated, it
will go over under the rule.
_ Mr. KASSON. I do not wish to debate the
bill, but to say a word upon the question of
reference. 1 desire the bill referred to a com-
mittee of one from each State in order that the
condition of the expenditures of the several
States, which is widely different, and which ex-
penditures require an appropriation by Con-
gress may be represented on the committee.
Mr. BLAINE. I insist upon my demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was referred to a
select committee of seven.
Mr. BLAINE moved that the vote last taken
be reconsidered; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to, ]
LAWS, ETC., Of THE DISTRICT 01? COLUMBIA.
Mr. PATTERSON introduced a bill to repeal
certain laws and ordinances in tho District of
Columbia, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, when
appointed.
CONDITION OF RECENT REBEL STATES.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a joint resolution de-
claring the condition of the States recently in
rebellion and the powers of Congress in rela-
tion to them; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select committee of
fifteen on the rebellious States, when appointed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States: which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, when appointed.
SYSTEM OF BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. JENCKES also introduced abillto estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to a select committee
of five, to be appointed.
STANDARD OF VOTING FOR FEDERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, introduced
a joint resolution amendatory of the Constitu-
tion, establishing a standard of voting for Fed-
eral officers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the J udiciary,
when appointed, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTIES TO SOLDIERS, ETC.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill giving bounty
lands and money to the United States soldiers
who served in the late rebellion; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, to be appointed,
and ordered to be printed.
JETIIRO BONNEY.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill for tho relief of Jethro Bon-
ney; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee onlnvalidPen-
sions, when appointed.
AMENDMENT TO TIIE CONSTITUTION.
_ Mr. DELANO , in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a joint resolution submitting
loathe Legislatures of the several States a prop-
osition to amend the Constitution of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
when appointed.
DELEGATE FROM ARIZONA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, presented the peti-
tion of Charles D. Pcston, askinglo be admit-
ted_as Delegate from the Territory of Arizona;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, when appointed.
PUBLIC LANDS.
_ Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio , in pursuance ofpre-
vious notice, introduced a bill to develop and
reclaim public lands requiring irrigation, and
to encourage agriculture; whiehwasreadafirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, when appointed.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. STEVENS, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a joint resolution to amend
the Constitution of the L'nited States: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, when ap-
pointed, and ordered to be printed.
COMMUNICATION AMONG TIIE STATES.
Mr. GARFIELD, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to facilitate commer-
cial, postal, and military communication among
the several States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred 10 the Committee on
Commerce, when appointed.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SCHENCK, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a joint resolution in relation
