S962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
ment. Does it change the case at all that you
have associated them by act of incorporation,
by the terms of which, you have no control
over them? They stand precisely, so far as the
Government of the United States is concerned,
as they would if they were associated by articles
of association. You have no power of visita-
tion, no power of supervision.
Now,-sir, that we ought not to endow an in-
stitution here of this sort I have not argued;
but I maintain that if Congress is to endow _an
institution it should be one over which it has
control, over which it has supervision, and into
which it has a right to enter. That is my
doctrine. I say that if you are going to vote
these miscellaneous charities to institutions
over which you have no control, I do not ob-
ject, but it is a gratuity; it is a charity; the
object is worthy. If you can afford to lavish
it, very well; but I had supposed that the ap-
propriations you would feel authorized to make
were to your own institutions, to an institution
which was a public institution by an act of your
own, over which you had some control and
supervision. That is the distinction I under-
take to make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Such as the Insane
Asylum.
Sir. MORRILL. Yes. For instance,, you
appropriate about one hundred thousand dol-
lars for the insane. That is a charitable object,
but you have the supervision and control of
that asylum. So of the appropriation of sev-
cnty-odd thousand dollars in this bill for the
deaf and dumb. There you have control. We
have a bill before the Senate for which I shall
ask the consideration of the Senate, to-night,
for another public charity; that is. a House of
Refuge for juvenile offenders. I might go 011
and enumerate the chaiitable institutions which
you have under your control. I am not sure
that 1 on ought not to endow a hospital hc-re : but
there is another side to that question which I
hoped I should not be called upon to argue, and
that is this: while you are in this very bill
granting to the public charities of this District
over two hundred thousand dollars, the query
is whether you have not gone far enough to
justify you in putting upon the local corpora-
tions of these cities the duty of doing something
toward these charities. It is here proposed to
grant to a private corporation over which you
have no control, to an institution organized
under an act of incorporation granted to five
maiden ladies, 830.000 to be used for erecting
a building just as they please, to be governed
and directed by such rules and regulations as
they shall make, you having no right to inter-
fere, no right to ask a report, 110 right of visi-
tation, no right of supervision. In addition to
this 830,000, you give, in the same bill, §12,000
for the support of sixty transient persons, whom
you may put there, or anywhere else you see
fit, which, I submit to my honorable friend
from Ohio, is a pretty large compensation for
the support of transient persons in a hospital.
It is $200 apiece, which is amply abundant for
their support.
If I am understood, this is all I desire to say.
I wished to impress on the Senate that the
charity which we are bestowing is not to one of
our institutions. It is a case where some half
a dozen public-spirited and charitable ladies
come here and a-k you to give then $50,000
to carry out their worthy object. That i-s all
there is about it. All I meant to say was that
there was not another institution here of a
similar character which I think I can satisfy
the Senate is quite as worthy of their favor as
this which is before us, and which has done
something and would be glad to do more in
this direction ; but it is not a public institution,
and for that reason the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia hesitated to make a recom-
mendation, and only authorized me to make it
upon the ground that it should be the sense of
the Senate that they would endow institutions
over which they had no control.
Mr. SHERMAN'. There is really no diffi-
cult question involved in this appropriation.
There is 110 doubt about our power to appro-
priate money for the support of hospitals in the
District of Columbia. The only question is,
whether this is a proper application. I will state
to the Senator from Maine that it is no objec-
tion to me that this is a private corporation, a
private charity. On the other hand my obser-
vation of these charities has always been in
favor of those managed by private charitable
persons. Public hospitals, poor-houses, asy-
lums of various kinds, are very apt to be mis-
managed. I would much rather give money
to these Sisters of Charity who have devoted
their lives by a religious vow to disbursing
money for such a purpose honestly and fairly,
than I would trust paid officers at from $600
to $2,000 a year to dole out charity upon a
salary.
We have several securities for the proper
management of this fund that wo have not in
ordinary charities. The character of the ladies
concerned, the fact that they are persous who
by their religious vows have been set apart, in
a measure, and devote their whole lives to
charitable and religious purposes, is sufficient
always to give some kind of assurance that the
money will be honestly bestowed. Sometimes
it is objected that persons of a particular reli-
gious creed will misapply the money merely for
their own church and their own people. We
have guarded against anything like that in the
act of appropriation and in the grant of money
by providing that there shall be no distinction
made in the application of the money either on
accuunt of creed or color. Then the fact that
private contributions of equal amount have to
be contributed is also another security. That
to which charitable persons are willing to give
their money we ought to contribute something
to. These ladies inform me that they have
arrangements made by which they get $60,000,
part of it on credit, but most of it in gratuities,
outside of this appropriation, aud that their
plans and estimates contemplated the expend-
iture of $00,000. I therefore, in pursuance of
an intimation in the Committee on Finance,
provided in this amendment that the money
shall only be paid by the Government as an
equal amount shall be paid from private sources.
It may be that these ladies may be deceived in
regard to the amount that they will get from
private sources; but they assure me that they
have made a contract with a well-known con-
tractor of this city, and other persons, provid-
ing for an expenditure of $00,000, to be derived
from other sources, and that this $30,000 will
enable them to complete their building.
It was also objected that there was no plan
made, that this money might be wasted on
some idle or illusory plan; but it is sufficient
to say that a plan has been prepared by the
architect of the Capitol extension, a man en-
tirely competent for the business, that it is
certainly a very beautiful one, and contem-
plates an expenditure of $90,000. Before the
money which we appropriate is paid, the plan
is to be submitted to the present architect of
the Capitol, Mr. Clark. This amendment pro-
vides that the plan shall be submitted to the
architect and approved by him: and that he
shall certify that it is adapted to the purpose,
and that the building will cost more than
$i<0.000.
Under these circumstances, it seems to me
we cannot do better than to vote this money
to this charity. These ladies have been in the
successful management of this charity for now
seven years. My impression is that it origi-
nated in Providence, Rhode Island, by a small
gratuity given to these ladies to establish a
charity in the city of Washington, and it hiio
been added to, little by little, as these ladies
could get money from private ,-ources : ami up
to this time the Government of the United
States has never paid one dollar except for
actual pay for persons sent there by the Gov-
ernment to be supported and car -d for. The
best way in which the oliicer charged with the
expenditure of the money appropriah d for
the support of transient paupers could expend
it was by .lending those transient paupers to
the care of tin so ladies. There is no law re-
quiring the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds to send transient paupers to the
Providence hospital; but that institution lias
been selected by the oliicer merely because it
is deemed best to send them there. The ap-
propriation for that object does not require
that the sixty transient paupers for whom the
Government pays shall be sent to any partic-
ular hospital. They may be sent to any other
hospital; but the Commissioner of Public
Buildings has found that he can make better
arrangements with these ladies than with any
other institution. Up to this time the United
States have never paid one dollar to this char-
ity except to pay the simple allowance for act-
ual services rendered to persons sent there
and taken up by those in charge of your
grounds, such as drunken persons, &c., in the
most filthy and detestable condition. They
are taken there, cleansed, taken care of, fed,
clothed, and relieved at an expense that to the
extent of sixty patients is paid by the United
States Government; all the rest is paid for by
these ladies with such contributions as they
can gather from their church and charitable
persons.
It seems to me if there ever was a case ap-
pealing to the mercy and to the charitable sen-
timent of Congress, this is the one. Indeed, I
would much prefer that the Sisters would come
here and plead their causc themselves rather
than have me to do it for them. I am sure
that if the Senate could see these Sisters and
hear their story and see their anxiety for this
little appropriation to enable them to complete
a cherishcd object of their life, they would not
hesitate about making the appropriation. It is
not money for them. My friend from Maine
seems to think that because they are incorpo-
rated here, it is some way or other for their
benefit. Notatall. They are person* belonging
to a well-known religious order; they devote
their lives to purposes of this kind: they ex-
pend their whole time in what one would sup-
pose to be most distateful employment; and
they have it at heart to build up this charity
and make it a permanent and conspicuous
charity in the District of Columbia. Because
they are incorporated as a mere private insti-
tution, because this is a mere private charity,
that is no reason why we should not vote them
the money. I would rather vote them the
$30,000 than to give $10,000 every year to
build and extend the wall around any asylum
here.
I am disposed, therefore, to give them this
appropriation, and if the Senator from Maine
finds another case undcrsimilar circumstances
where private individuals are willing to con-
tribute an equal amount for an equally chari-
table purpose, I am willing to vote money to
them, although I do not think that because one
appropriation is asked for others ought to be.
Mr. ANTHONY. The main objection to
this charity seems to be that the managers of
it are doing something for themselves instead
of calling upon Congressto do the whole, a< 111
the case of the other charities that we are con-
tributing to. It does not seem to me that the
Senator from Maine at the bead of the Fi-
nance Committee manifests his usual persist-
ence when he is willing to give up a de <>n ing
charity because his colleague at the head of the
Committee on the District of Columbia says
that if this passes, he means to propose a
great many others which wiil not meet his
approbation.
In the course of his speech he -aid that at
this livening session, which is to be devoted to
District of Columbia business. he means to
bring forward these othei charities, whether
this passes or not.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no!
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood that the
Senator was to bring forward a number of
other institutions as the recipients of public
bounty.
Mr. MORRILL. What I undertook to say
---and if the Senator had paid a little attention
to me perhaps 1 should not have occasion now
to repeat it—was, that I did not rise to oppose
