2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. STEVENS. I will modify my amend-
ment accordingly. I move to strike out the
words as before, and to insert in lieu thereof
the words '*so far as practicable.''
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask for infor-
mation from the gentleman who offered this
amendment, or the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, what bearing this sec-
tion will have upon the forces raised by the
so-called loyal States from the States in rebel-
lion. As I understand it, no States which,
under the operation of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and under the regulations of the service during
the war, fitted out regiments which were called
by the name of States in rebellion, will be en-
titled to the proportion under this section of
officers for the troops which were actually
raised for themselves, though nominally raised
in the southern States.
For instance, during the occupation of Port
Royal regiments of colored troops were raised
there, and called the first, the second, &c.,
South Carolina regiments. Now, do I under-
stand the effect of this section to be to give to
the State of South Carolina a proportion of
the officers to be appointed from officers of
the colored regiments in this reorganization
of the Army :1 I understand that to be the
effect, and it may be the intention of the
section.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Ancosa.]
Mr. ANCONA. As our friends on the other
side of the House may be a little delicate about
making a motion to adjourn on this occasion,
I will do so for them. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Stevexs to strike out the words "as
far as may be consistent with the interests of
the public service" and substitute the words
"so far as practicable." *
The amendment was agreed to.
Section seven was then read, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it fv,rlh>-r enacted. That each regi-
ment ot iniantry provided for by this act shall have
One colonel, one lieutenant colonel, one major, one
adjutant, one regimental quartcimaster, one regi-
mental commissary, ten captains, ten first lieuten-
ants, ten second lieutenants, one seigcant, major, one
quartermaster sergeant, one commissary sergeant,
one hospital steward, two principal mu.-ieians, and
ten companies, and each company shall have one
captain, one first lieutenant and one second lieuten-
ant. nuefirst sergeant, four sergeants, eightcorporals,
two artificers, t.r/o musicians, one wagoner, and fifty
privates, and the number of privates may be in-
creased to one hundred, at thediscretion of'the Pres-
ident, whenever the exigencies of the service require
such increase. The adjutant, quartermaster, and com-
missary of a regiment shall be an extra first lieuten-
ant, appointed for their respective duties.
Mr. WASHBPRX. of Indiana. I move to
strike out the words ''two artificers'' in the
clause relating to the organization of the com-
panies. I make the motion more for the pur-
pose of asking the members of the Military
Committee what are the duties of these artifi-
cers. especially in the infantry regiments.
Mr. SCHGXCK. This provision has been
made in accordance with suggestions by the
military council that assembled here, compris-
ing Generals Meade, Sherman, and others. It
was urged that at least two men in each com-
pany should be skilled artificers. That would
constitute for each regiment what might be
termed a corps of pioneers to aid in building
bridges, and doing all other duties appropriate
to such service. And we thought it not inap-
propriate to allow that number to each com-
pany. according to that suggestion. I think
myself it is a good provision.
Mr. Y 'x\SHBURN, of Indiana. Would not
the same propriety require ambulance men?
Mr. SCHENCK. It might or might not be.
They are connected with the surgical depart-
ment and can be detailed for that service.
.Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. And these
artificers are connected with the quartermas-
ter's department, and can be detailed as well
as the others.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is always some-
thing for artificers and pioneers to do in time
of ps&ce^ about ibrtsj &c. And I trust we
shall for a long time be in such a condition
that we shall not require ambulance men.
Mr. KASSON. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] what reason there
is for the last clause of this section? That
clause is:
The adjutant, quartermaster, and commissary of
a. regiment shall each be an extra first lieutenant,
appointed for their respective duties.
I am not sufficient of a military man to be
an authority, but I suppose we have not hith-
erto had any extra officers for the purpose of
doing these duties.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose we better dispose
of one amendment before another is offered.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I desire to move to
amend this section by striking out the words
"regimental commissaries."
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order, pending the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Washburk.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will with-
draw my amendment for the purpose of allow-
ing the gentleman from New York [Mr. Vax
AerxamJ to offer his amendment.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move to strike out
of this seventh section the words " regimental
commissaries." I do so because I deem the
office of regimental commissary entirely unne-
cessary and useless. In' the history 'of this
country, ever since the first organization of
armies, there is to be found no instance of such
an officer being employed as the commissary
of an infantry regiment. There has been de-
veloped in time of peace no necessity for any
such officer; nor in time of war, during the
war of the Revolution, theuvar of 1812, the
war with Mexico, and the great war of the
rebellion through which we have just passed.
And now, when we are organizing our Army
upon a peace establishment,-1 can see no ne-
cessity for creating officers to do no service
whatever that cannot be done by those we
now have.
There are to be fifty-five regiments of in-
fantry, according to the organization proposed
by this bill, each regiment to have a commis-
sary with the pay of a first lieutenant. Accord-
ing to the bill proposed to establish the pay of
the Army, a first lieutenant is to receive $1,500
a year as pay proper. In addition to that, this
commissary is to receive S120 a year for re-
sponsibility money. In addition to that, if you
look at the next section of the bill, he is to b^
a mounted officer: that means nothing more
nor less than that the Government shall fur-
nish forage and shoe his horse, which will be
an additional expense of at least ten dollars a
month to the Government. That will make
the cost of one of these officers ยง1,740 a year.
When multiplied by the number of regiments
provided for, it makes the expense levied on
the over-taxed energies of the people $95,700
a year for no purpose whatever, because this
same service hasbeen performed through peace
and through war by commissary sergeants, who
have twenty-one dollars a month. The bill
does not do away with the commissary sergeant
at all, but continues him and makes this an
additional office.
As I said before, the whole expense in these
infantry regiments will amount to $95,700 a
year. And not only that, but we are creating
a tax on the labor of the country to continue
for all time, I hope the amendment will pre-
vail.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I believe
that in time of peace the number of the officers
of the Army should be reduced as low as pos-
sible, and that all useless officers should be
dispensed with. In this case, during the war,
when we have had marches of extreme length,
it. has sometimes been necessary to detaii an
officer to act as regimental commissary, but it
was only in extreme cases that such was the
case.
Now, you will hardly find a single regiment
stationed as an entirety at one post, and the
post commissary distributes rations to the com-
pany at the post. I can see no use of a regi-
mental commissary when you have a quarter-
master who, during- the war, has done this
duty and done it well. This bill proposes, at .
the enormous expense of ยง95,000 a year, to
add another officer to each regiment.. Instead
of reducing the expenses of the Army, we are
proposing to add an officer to each regiment
at an expense of ยง95,000. I am opposed to
any such motion unless there can be some
good reason shown for the -increase.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that the only
motive that the committee had in adopting this
provision was this: it has been thought by
many, both in time of peace and in time of
war, an imperfection in the system that one
officer should combine in himself two charac-
ters, and thus mix his accounts, being respon-
sible to two different departments, the Quarter-
master General's department on the one side
and the commissary department on the other.
Therefore, in following the recommendation
made by the principal officers of the Army, who
sat in council upon all these subjects, the com-
mittee assented to an arrangement by which
the two distinct offices should be created in the
infantry as in the other arms of the service.
The difficulty is obviated to some extent by
having a commissary and a quartermaster ser-
geant. I am not disposed to insist, myself,
very strongly upon this provision for an addi-
tional officer. I am willing-that the House
shall decide the question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman tell me how it happens that in only
one branch of the service an officer of this kind
has been found necessary?
Mr. SCHENCK. _ Well, I think it is as
necessary in one as in the other. It is ques-
tionable whether the office is necessary in one
arm of the service or in the other. I trust the
House will come to a vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Vax Aer-
sam's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now move to strike out,
in lines four and five, the words " ten captains,
ten first lieutenants, ten second lieutenants."
The section already provides, in regard to
these regimental officers, that each company
shall have one captain, and one first, and one
second lieutenant. This is only a repetition.
These officers are provided for in the regimental
organization.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In order to perfect the section,
I move to strike out the word "commissary''
in the fourteenth liue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move to strikeout,
in line eleven, the words " fifty privates'' and
to insert in lieu thereof "one hundred pri-
vates."
The object of creating an array is to have
one that will be of some practical use. I have
no hesitation in indorsing the letter which was
presented from Generals Grant and Sherman,
and other general officers in the field, asserting
the fact that there are always in field operations
thirty per cent, of the men sick. I think those
military men have understated the fact. My
experience as a medical officer in the Army
would lead me to believe that fifty per cent,
of men are disqualified by physical disability,
whether dnring actual campaigns, or on ordi-
nary duty. In October, 18IW. I landed here
with a regiment of five hundred and sixty-two
enlisted men. We were sent, to the anny of
the Potomac; we were engaged in no active
campaign, in no battle; the regiment suffered
from no epidemic disease, no disease of a con-
tagious character. Yet just seven months from
the day when we anived here at Washington
we went into the battle of C'hancellorsville with
four hundred and thirty-eight enlisted men.
The regiment had been depleted to that extent
during those seven months, though we had no
active campaining, and were not subjected to
the casualties of battle or to contagious or
epidemic disease.
My observation leads me to the belief that
what was true of that regiment was true of all
the new troops that entered tho Army in 1862.
