3002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
questions of the action of the committee, re-
sulting ultimately in personal controversies,
liave but very little to do with the subject un-
der consideration, and generally, to use a very
expressive but common phrase, come out of
the same hole at which they went in. It seems
to be agreed now, preciselyI have stated
over and over again on this floor, and as the
House will bear me witness that I have stated,
that the Committee on Naval Affairs author-
ized the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Keli.ey] to report this bill and no other. I
have so stated, and so X think the House under-
stood me. I have never been authorized, and
have not claimed to have been authorized, to
report from the committee any bill whatsoever.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania alone was
authorized to report a bill, and he has done
so. But after that report was made, upon pri-
vate consultation with members of the com-
mittee on this floor, and not as a committee in
session, I inferred that a majorily of the com-
mittee were in favor of my proposition, but
not as the action of the committee formally.
That I have distinctly asserted before. When
the question came up here they thought that
my proposition was the best for the country
and for this special purpose which we are
engaged to-day in debating.
Now, sir, with reference to what the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania asserted with regard
to the act ion of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Hldridge,] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Li-; Blond,] 1 do not recollect hav-
ing any conversation with the gentleman from
Ohio, but I distinctly remember a conversation
with the gentleman from Wisconsin, and unless
1 am greatly in error lie did not assent to my
proposition. And so 1 understood the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to assert that when he
applied to the gentleman from Wisconsin lie
was in favor of the original bill and against, my
substitute, and has been so from the beginning.
ill*. HLDJUDuH. 1 believe 1 staled that 1
was in favor of the original proposition limit-
ing it to League Island, and settling the ques-
tion in committee. Allenvard 1 was applied
to by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Brandhukk,! and asked if I would consent to
his substitute which had been presented by him
ja committee, and rejected by the committee,
if it. was agreeable to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. 1 told him I would. Afterward I
saw the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and he
told nic that he was satisfied with that. I
informed him that I had received that informa-
tion from the gentleman from Connecticut, and
if it was agreeable to him i would consent to
the substitute. 1 did speak to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Ln Bi.oxn, | and stated
to him in substance what had been stated to
me, and hi1 said he had no objections to it
if it was agreeable to both of the gentlemen.
What surprised tne was to lind neither of the
gentlemen advocating that proposition. I did
think the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
J5uandi:<iki:J was bound in good faith, if he
presented any substitute here whatever, to
pre.-ont, the precise one to which the commit-
tee, not as a committee I grant, but as indi-
vidual members, could give their assent. For
that proposition 1 felt under obligations to vote
in the ilonse, notwithstanding I had voted
against it in the committee, because I supposed
that, it was a harmonious arrangement between
those two gentlemen who had been fighting
this matter before the committee, and 1 hoped
it would preserve the union that had existed
before between those gentlemen. I was de-
sirous of seeing that harmony and friendship
continued between them, and hence I am sur-
prised at not seeing it exist to-day.
Mr. BR ANDEGEE. This whole matter is
running emptins. [Laughter.] 1 do not al-
lude to the gentleman so much as to this inter-
larding discussion, which has no bearing on the
question before the House. The gentleman is
surprised that I do not now present the prop-
osition presented by me to the members of the
committee as a compromise proposition. Why,
that proposition was predicated on the fact that
the committee was to be unanimous in its sup-
port. "Was I bound to present that precise
proposition, which was a compromise, after I
was notified by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] that neither he nor a
majority of the committee would sustain it?
But this has nothing to do with the ques-
tion before the House. No matter what this
committee think or say. This committee do
not know any more about this question, Mr.
Speaker, than you or any other sensible man
on this floor knows. We know some of the
facts that come before us, but there is not a
man on the committee who from experience
or investigation is more competent to locate a
naval station than any other man on this floor.
I profess to have some knowledge of this ques-
tion myself; I have made it somewhat my study;
but I declare to you to-day if it were left to me
alone by authority given by the United States
to select the site for the great navy-yard of the
country I would not know where to locate it.
I would hardly dare to locate it at New Lon-
don, although I believe that is the best place
on the continent, and I found that belief upon
the authority of nineteen twentieths of the offi-
cers of the Navy and the report of this able
commission. Even Admiral Smith, chief of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, testified before
the committee that with his life-long experience
on this subject, ha\ing never been consulted
by the Department with reference to League
Island, he would not know to-day where to
locate a navy-yard for these vessels. And I
maintain that there is no member of the com-
mittee who has examined the subject in this
and the last Congress who to-day, upon the
testimony in regard to League Island, would
be willing to put his ban upon it without a
further examination by scientific exports.
Now, is it a matter of importance to get the
best place? 1 f it is, let the commission decide
where that place is and report upon the rela-
tive advantages of the different sites. To see
that the Government should have an opportu-
nity of getting the best place is the duty of an
American Congressman. If you confine its
selection to this mud-hole on the Delaware
river, it is quite certain that the commission
will report in favor of it. I say, without claim-
ing to be either a prophet or a naval expert,
that you will expend millions in the present and
untold millions in the future upon that place
and finally abandon it as entirely unfit and ill-
adapted for the purpose proposed.
Sir, if your iron-clad fleet should be located
a hundred miles from the ocean up that tortu-
ous stream, obstructed by ice for three months
every winter, in some great day of naval con-
flict, when the enemy is thundering at thegates
of your Atlantic cities, (far distant may that
day be,) you willregrot too late the folly which
has locked up yonr iron defenses for safety one
hundred miles from the ocean. If that is an
argument, if they are to be placed a hundred
miles from the sea-board for safety, in the name
of Heaven what are these iron-clads for? What
are these invulnerable vessels built for but to
bo posted on the sea-coast to meet at the out-
post an enemy'sflcet and to guard against hos-
tile attack the commerce of the nation"? If
they are competent to defend themselves, they
can defend the station where they are located ;
and that station, as I maintain, any honest,
competent commission will decide is New Lon-
don, from which they can readily go in the
event of a naval attack to the defense of those
cities and those coasts which they were ex-
pressly designed to defend, for which defense
they are alone useful. I leave the question to
the House.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am sorry my friend from
Connecticut [Mr. Braxdeueu] confesses that
he does not know where to locate a navy-yard.
I am sorry to learn that after all his pertinacity
and toil and investigation he docs not yet under-
stand this subject, and that he is just as igno-
rantof it to-day as ho was three years ago, when
he was first appointed on the Committee on
NavalAfFairs. Now, sir, notwithstandingallthe
ingenuity of the gentleman, notwithstanding all
his efforts to lead the House to believe that he
is governed entirely by patriotic motives, and
is acting entirely without prejudice, my word
for it, if the loeatiou of a navy-yard for iron-
clads was left to him, in less than no time he
would locate it at New London, in his own
congressional district, in the State of Connec-
ticut. He would not look beyond the limits
of his small town, but would in his prompt,
and instant decision proclaim to the world
that the most eligible position for a naval sta-
tion for building iron ships, repairing "them,
making their armature, and laying them up,
was in that rock-bound harbor, with its salt
water and its two hours' distance from the
open ocean.
Now, he tells you that the question of the
safety of a fleet from the attacks of an enemy
is not a question to be considered by this
House, and talksabout the mud-hole at League
Island, and all that. But I can say from per-
sonal inspection of this great New Loudon
harbor, having passed through it a number of
times, and having consulted with his near neigh-
bors, that the entrance is through a channel
with a rocky bottom ; that while you may
perhaps get a sailing or other vessel safely up
it by means of a steam tug, it is utterly impos-
sible to accomplish such a feat in any other
way, especially to the point where it is said this
navy-yard should be located. And when you
do get one up there by any means, you cannot
protect it against the attack of an enemy.
Talk to me about New London harbor! Why
the gentleman's substitute for the bill reported
from the committee and his whole argument
means New London, and nothing else. Sir,
in the very entrance of the harbor there is a
rock, which one of my fellow-travelers, and I
presume from his knowledge of the locality
one of my friend's constituents, pointed out
to me and told mo was so bad that it would
take all the powder in the country to blow it to
pieces, and that it had always been considered
an obstacle to the commerce of the place. This,
of course, must be removed, and many others,
perhaps, if you would locate a navy-yard there.
These projecting rocks and the hid-den ones are
indeed dangerous to navigation, and I find in
a newspaper published only three or four weeks
ago an account of an accident which happened
to a vessel, either in coming in or going out,
by running on to this rock, and a steam vessel
at that, it was one of the New London line
of Sound steamers, the State of Maine. If one
of your large and powerful steamers cannot
avoid such an accident in a harbor to which it-
makes frequent trips, how can you expect naval
vessels occasionally coming into New London
to escape such dangers?
I have been led aside somewhat from my
original plan of speaking upon this subject on
account of the remarks of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Braxdegee,] growing out
of some misunderstanding between him and
my colleage, [Mr. Kelt.ev;] which, however,
now seems to be settled entirely by a statement
of the fact that this bill, Printer's No. 102, is
the one which was authorized to be reported
by the committee. And it is upon this bill
that I will continue my arguments, hoping to
convince the House of the propriety of its pas-
sage, and most respectfully asking after its due
consideration that it may be passed.
But let me first refer to some things which
have been said by my friend from Connecticut,
[Mr. Bkaxdegee.] And although I know my
colleague [Mr. Kelley] will very well defend
himself against the attacks made upon him,
yet the manner of the gentleman appeared to
be so vehement and impassioned that I deem
it necessary here to ask attention to what has
fallen from him.  
The members of this House who were mem-
bers of the Thirty-Eighth Congress will perhaps
recollect the discussion that'then took place
upon this subject. The gentleman from Con-
necticut now but repeats the same tenor of
