1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 8, noes 16; less than a quorum
voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 15.; as follows :
. YEAS—Messrs. Dixon, Guthrie, Ilcnclricks. Nye,
Siewart, Stockton, Van Winkle, and Willey—8.
STAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Oonnoss.Creswell,
Fessenden. Foster, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Pomeroy,Trumbull, Williams, and Wil-
son—15. ^ , ,
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew,
Cowan, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle, Foot.Orrimes, Harris,
Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana. Ijane of Kan-
sas, McDousall, Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Ramsey,
Kiddle, Saulsbury. Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, W ade,
Wright, and Yates—27.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn; but the vote discloses the
want of a quorum.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms request the attendance of the absent
members.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move—I believe that
motion is now in order—that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 28, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the consideration of joint resolu-
tion II. R. No. 03, proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, on
which Mr. Davis was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to me for a moment, that I
may have a document read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DAVIS. I yield first to the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogeks.]
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to make a personal
explanation. I am reported 
Mr. GRINNELL. If the gentleman indorses
the paper from which he is about to read [the
New York Tribune] I will offer no objection
to his proceeding; otherwise I must object.
Mr. ROGERS. Well, I do indorse it in part.
[Langlil er. ]
Mr. GRINNELL. If the gentleman accepts
the witness, I will hear his explanation.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, the Associated
Press report of my speech made last Monday,
represents me as indorsing the speech of Wil-
liam II. Seward. I desire to say that I did not
indorse him or his speech. I indorsed the
speech of the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond.] 1 have not yet for-
gotten the "tinkling" of Mr. Seward's "bell;"
and f would be ashamed to indorse Mr. Seward
or his speech and then go before my constitu-
ency.
Mr. STEVENS. I can corroborate the gen-
tleman. He did not indorse Mr. Seward. He
indorsed the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Raymond] and myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. Again, 1 am reported in
this papei, the New York Tribune, as favoring
the payment of the rebel debt. I did not make
any such argument. I simply argued that each
State had the right to do as it pi eased in regard
to the payment of its debts. If I had the power,
I would oppose the payment of the rebel debt
by any State.
indorsement op congress.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from New
York will now yield to me for a moment to have
read the paper I have sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to yield.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman said he
would yield to me after the gentleman from
New J ersey.
Mr. G lUNNELL. He did yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEIKER. The gentleman has the
floor, and can yield or not. .
Mr. STEVENS. I with draw the document.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will be allowed
to state what is the character of the paper. It
shows that a caucus of the Union members of
the Pennsylvania Legislature met last night,
and pointedly and unanimously indorsed the
course pursued by the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. DAVIS. I must protest against inter-■
ruption by the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
floor, and will proceed with his remarks.
RIGHTS 01' CITIZENS.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the following joint resolution (H. li. No.
63) proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States:
Resolved by the Senate and ITmae of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds ol both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article bo proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
Akticlk —. The Congress shall have power to make
all laws which shall bcnecessaryand proper to secure
to tile citizens of each State ail privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in tho several States, and to all per-
sons i n the several States equal protection in the rights
of life, liberty, and property.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, an amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, what-
ever it may be in its character, should be
approached by this Congress with grave con-
sideration. We have been taught in the past
generations of our history to regard that Con-
stitution as embodying perhaps more of human
wisdom and human sagacity than was ever em-
bodied in any instrument for civil government.
We are told by those who framed it that we
should bo careful hereafter in changing its pro-
visions or invading its spirit.
The proposition which is now before the
ITouse proposes to amend the Constitution so
that " Congress shall have power to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper to
secure to the citizens of each State all the priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens of the several
Stales ;" and then is added a most important
provision—" and to all persons in the several
States equal protection in the rights of life,
liberty, and property."
Now, sir, the distinguishing feature in our
Government is this: the Federal Government
has its peculiar and restrictive duties. It is a
Government of limited power and authority,
extending over the whole country, providing
for general andnational interests; and in every-
thing relating to the affairs which pertain to the
Unfcm that Government is supreme; but with-
in that jurisdiction are erected many different
States bound to allegiance to the Federal Gov-
ernment in all matters pertaining to the Union,
yet ill respect of social arrangement, in respect
of the rights of property and control of persons,
are entirely independent. And it is this feature
which has given greater security and greater lib-
erty to this country than was ever conferred be-
fore by any system of government which human
wisdom has devised.
I am unwilling, after this Constitution has
been tested in peace, and in foreign war, for
nearly eighty years, and when, during the last
four years, it has been to us as a cloud by day
and a pillar of fire by night, pointing out a safe
pathway to the nation through the Red Sea of
civil war, and has led us to filial triumph, and
while the passions excited by the civil shife
remain active and unsubdued, and -wounds re-
ceived are still open and bleeding, to amend or
alter the organic law of the nation in any par-
ticular where a supreme necessity does not de-
mand it. I am, moreover, especially opposed
to any amendment which may prove subversive
of the principles on which the Government is
founded. We are the Representatives of States
in this Union, and as such are under solemn
obligations to see that while the national sov-
ereignty of the Union is preserved, no infringe-
ment on the reserved rights of the States shall
be permitted.
As a Representative of a constituency de-
voted to the Union and loyal to the State which
protects them in all their rights of life, lifcerty,
and property, I propose to meet the respon-
sibilities of this hour in no spirit of partisan-
ship and in no spirit of vindictivcneSs, and to
do conscientiously what I may, to preserve the
Union for my State and for every other which
has been baptized into the communion of fh'e'
Constitution.
For four years I was the advocate of war, with
all the vigor, by all the means, and in all the
modes which could make war effective in crush-
ing the rebellion in order to prevent a dissolu-
tion of. the Union. Disaster, defeat, and the
necessity for unparalleled taxation, never for a
moment suggested a doubt as to my duty. Tho
stake was the Union of my fathers, in all the
glories of its past, ih all the beneficence of its
present, in all its promises of the future. Who,
for that, so cowardly or so selfish as to refuse
the sacrifice of life or treasure? For that Union
a half million of our best and bravest sleep
beneath the ground the sleep that knows no
waking, or on the battle-fields where treason
was stricken down, have left their bones to
bleach and rot unburied in the sun.
To-day, I am the advocate, of peace, because
the high purpose for which these heroes per-
ished has been accomplished, and the sover-
eignty of tho Union, with the right of protee-
tien to its own life, is recognized by every rebel
who denied it.
Once I favored war, because war was a ne-
cessity for Union. Now I favor peace, because
peace is a necessity for Union; and if we lofe
the Union we shall seek peace, for peace alone
can preserve it.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that the States
recently in rebellion are no longer entitled to
recognition as a part of the Union, and that tho
only mode of restoring them to it with safety to
the Government, is by exercising over them ths
rights of conquerors in war and the powers of
tyrants in peace.
The venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] asserts even in respect to every
citizen of any State recently in rebellion that he
is an alien enemy, and that this Government,
evenafterthe suppression ofrebellion, in a time
of peace, has the fight of universal confiscation
of property without reference to the original or
continued'loyalty of tho citizen.
The theory supported by the gentleman, and
which I may denominate the " territorial the-
oiy," rests upon the assumption:
1. That the civil war from which wo have
emerged, creating, as 1 concede it did, distinct
parties entitled to belligerent rights, made all
of the citizens and residents of the seceding
States public enemies, and therefore national
enemies.
2. That as public enemies tlicy lost all rights
as States or as citizens in tlie Union.
3. That wlien subdued they were subdued as
national enemies and as foreign territory, and
are in all things subject tv our absolute power.
It is unnecessary for me to say that our
Government, composed of States retaining
to themselves many of the rights and immu-
nities of sovereignty over their own citizens,
yet divested of all the powers of sovereignty
as international States, which powers are
granted to the Federal Government, finds no
precise analogy in the history of nations.
The people of each State formed the gov-
ernmentof such State. Ibe people ol all the
States formed the Union, and each State, and
all the States, individually and collectively, were
thereby bound, and by a common, supreme Gon-
stitution, imposing reciprocal duties and obli-
gations, to a common destiny. Ihe Union
was formed for a continental Government, into
which new States, springing up under the crea-
tive energies of the Anglo-Saxon race, from tho
vast wilderness beyond the Allcghanies, might
be permitted to enter, but from which none could
depart, save by mutual consent or by superior
force. It was perpetual in its character, as a
necessity arising from the purposes of its for-
mation.
