1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
Supposing that to be the Tact, I submit that, if
we put in the field companies numbering only
fifty men each, they will at the end of six
months have dwindled down to companies of
twenty-five or thirty—thirty at most, probably
twenty-five, perhaps not more than twenty;
because, sir, the volunteer organization of the
Army was not depleted to any great extent by
desertions; but this is not a fact in regard to
the regular Army, in which desertion has been
a crying evil, order after order having been
iasued for the arrest of deserters from the reg-
ular Army.
Now, supposing that there should be a dim-
inution at the rate of forty per cent, in seven
months, as there was with the troops furnished
in 1802, we should, under this bill, have our
companies reduced in a period of half a year
to twenty-three or twenty-four men. Thus our
Army would become a great skeleton without
any vital organization fitting for performing
efficiently the functions of an army. Such an
army would simply cat the substance of the
people without rendering any valuable service.
I submit that, as it is contrary to the spirit
and habits of the better part of our people,
including the agriculturists and the sons of
agriculturists, to enlist in the regular Army, it
would be impossible, under the circumstances,
to keep these companies full. I have seen a
note from the Adjutant General's Office, stating
that between October, 1804, and January, 1800,
there had been only about thirty-nine thousand
men enlisted into the regular Army.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. VAN AERNAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The bill, as
it stands, provides that the number of privates
in a company may be increased to one hun-
dred, at the discretion of the President. Does
the gentleman offer his amendment because he
cannot trust the President?
Mr. VAN AEUNAM. I offer the amend-
ment because I believe it improper to allow a
company to be organized with less than one
hundred men. If you allow companies to be
organized with a smaller number, your Army
will be a mere skeleton without any muscle.
You will have an army composed simply of
officers and drummers—an army that may be
fitted to illustrate the " pomp and circumstance
of war," but which will be incompetent for
efficient service in any exigency.
Mr. SCHENGK. I have very little to say in
regard to this amendment. But I deem it im-
politic and certainly not economical to keep
the Army all the time up to its maximum. The
effect of the gentleman's amendment, striking
out" fifty" and inserting''onehundred," would
be to keep the companies all the time at their
maximum. It would organize at oncc an Army
of eighty thousand men. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. FARQUHAIl. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio, if he will permit me, whether
the effect of the bill would not be to increase
the number of regiments just one half, and thus
increase in the same proportion the number of
officers ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It would not have that
effect without further regulations.
Mr. FARQ U HA1?. If you make a company
consist of fifty, instead of one hundred, do you
not thereby increase the number of officers just
one half?
Mr. SCHENCK. The officers are the same.
The expansion is to be by filling up the regi-
ments as occasion may require, but to keep the
Army down to the lowest practicable point
with regard to numbers in time of peace.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I desire to say a word
or two in addition to what i have already said
on this subject.
It has been demonstrated, during this rebel-
lion, that our people are not much inclined to
enlist in the regular Army; they prefer to enlist
in volunteer organizations. In reference to the
organization of this Army, I would consult the
views of the Secretary of War and the Lieuten-
ant General, and allow them to have just as
many men in the field as they may think neces-
sary and proper, with regard to the exigencies
of the service and the condition of the country.
But I would not allow organizations to go
into the field in a skeleton capacity. The effect
would be you would have a full quota of officers
all the time, but you would not have the men
to do the duty. You want a company of one
hundred men to garrison a fort, take care of
the guns and other public property. If you
put these skeleton regiments into the field you
will have to take four companies to make up
these one hundred men, while you wiil have
fifteen or sixteen officers to pay instead of two
or three.
I apprehend it is not a matter of economy.
It is not just to the people of the counlry to
keep up officers when there are no men to per-
form the servicc. If fifty thousand men be
needed let them be furnished in full companies
and not in skeleton companies. I tell you if
you adopt the provision for these skeleton com-
panies, you will have an army of officers and
musicians and no one to do dutv.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the amendment
will not prevail.
The question recurred on Mr. Van Aeknam's
amendment.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
33, noes 8G ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 05, not voting
IS ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Baker, Banks,
Seaman. Sidney Clarke, Coiiroth, Conkling, Dawes,
Donnelly, Farnsworth, Fanjuhar, Feriy, Finek, Qn-
der, Abncr C. Harding, Henderson, lJulburd, Kellcv,
George V. Lawrence, Marshall, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morris, Niblack, Perham, John 11. llice, Ross,
Rousseau, Scolield, Shellabargcr, Smith. Spalding,
Slrouse, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Warner, ltcnry D. Wash1:.)u,
William B. Washburn, Wmdoui, and Wright—to._
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anconn, Baxter, Bcnia-
min, Bingham. Blaine, Boutwell, Bover, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buekland, Bundy, Chanler, Header W.
Clarke, Cook, Dixon. Duggs, Egglrston, Garfield,
Glnssbrer.ner, Hale, llayes, tlogan, Holmes, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. llubbard, James M. Hum-
phrey, Julian, Kasson, Iveteham, Kuykendall, La-
tham, Loan, Longycar,Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Me-
Clurg, Mcltner, Moulton. Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Phelps, Price, Eitter, Rollins,
Sehcnek, Shanklin.Sitgreavcs, Stevens, Tabcr, Tay-
lor, Thayer, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward. Ellhu B.
Washburne, Wclker, Wentworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson, and Woodbndge—Go.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Bergen, Bidwell,
Blow, Brandegee. Cobb, Cuilom, Culver, Darling, Da-
vis, Dawson, Dcfrees, Delano, Denting, Denison,
Dodge, Dumont, Kckley, Elditdge, Eliot, Goodyear,
Grmnell, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart,
Iligby, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin N.IIubbcll,JamesIt, Ilub-
bcll, James Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Jcnckes, Johnson,
Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Latlin, William Lawrcncc, Le
Blond, McCuliough, McIndoc.MeKce, Monill, New-
ell, Noell, Pike, Plants, Pomeioy, Radt'oid, Samuel
J.Randall, William 11. Randall, Raymond,Alexan-
der II.Rice, Roster*, Sawyer, Sloan, Starr, SI dwell,
John L. Thomas. Tiimblo,_Bnrt Von Horn, Whalcy,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—To.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sec. 8. And be it further cnnctcd, That the adjutants,
quartermasters, and commissaries of infantry regi-
ments shall be mounted officers; and that all regi-
mental adjutants, qnartei masters, and commissaries
shall bo paid, in addition to their other propcrallow-
ances, as first lieutenants and mounted officers,ten dol-
lars per month, as compensation tor their greater care
and responsibility; and officers of tho lino detailed
to act as regimental quartermasters or commissaries,
or a= quartermasters or commissaries of permanent
posts, or of commands of not less than two compa-
nies, shall, when the assignment is duly reported to
and approved bv the War Department, rcccive as
extra compensation while responsible lot Govern-
ment propel ty, ton dollars per month.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move to strike out
the word "commissaries'' in the second and
fourth lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move to strike out
after the word "officers'' in the third line,
these words:
And that all regimental adjutants and quartermas-
ters shall bo paid, in addition to their other proper
allowances as first lieutenants and mounted ofiicers,
ten dollars per month, as compensation for their
greater care and responsibility; and omeors of tho
line detailed to act as regimental quartermasters or
commissaries, or as quartermasters or commissaries
of permanent posts, or of commands of not less than
two companies, shall, when the assignment is duly
reported to and approved by the War Department,
receive as extra compensation while responsible for
Government property, ten dollars per month.
I do not see why these officers should have
an easy time in comparison with the officers
of the line.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I should be in
favor of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Aernam] if it did not
render the section incongruous with the gen-
eral scope of this bill. The section proposes
to increase the number of officers and the
expense of the Army without increasing its
efficiency.
It is provided in this bill that these quarter-
masters and adjutants, when they have any pub-
lic property in their possession, shall have ten
dollars extra because of the responsibility which
is devolved upon them. Now, what in Heaven's
name has a quartermaster to do hut to take pub-
lic property and take care of it! There is not
a regiment in the service to-day but what can
find forty capable privates who have served for
years who are competent for that position and
who wonld beglad to obtain it. There is scarcely
a wounded volunteer in the Army that is not
capable of performing, in time of peace, all the
duties and responsibilities which devolve by
military law upon the office of quartermaster
or adjutant. They are both very genteel berths,
much sough t after by young men of distinguished
families. They are soft places, and can be made
use of to get glory without danger.
Now, sir, except so far as 1 may feel bound
to keep up the principle of this bill, and make
it what it is designed to be, I shall not vote for
a provision for the benefit of gentlemen who
have political influence enough to get into the
Army to live easy. My policy would be to
have simply an efficient army for police duty
in time of peace, and not have an officer or a
man beyond the actual needs of the service. I
would not create a standing army in anticipa-
tion of a war in the future. It is the last source
to which I would look for security to liberty or
law. A standing army is the engine and con-
trivance of monarchy and tyranny. It is the
school in which despotism is learned; and
if you keep up a large standing army in this
country for a few years, schooled as standing
armies usually are, you will find a large over-
shadowing institution, which is alien to the sen-
timents of freedom, virtue, and intelligence in
tho people.
Sir, I recollect at the beginning of the late
war that a large proportion of the Army which
we had nourished and educated, as we supposed,
in harmony and sympathy with the great sen-
timent which has since put down that rebellion,
deserted our flag and went over to the enemy.
Notwithstanding their discipline and educa-
tion at West Point they turned against this
country. And those who remained _ in some
instances and performed good service in the
field, hesitated, if we are not misinformed, as
to which side they should take.
Mr. GARBTELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. Doesthegentleman know
of a single enlisted man in the old Army in
1801, or thereafter, w"ho deserted and went over
to the rebellion? And were not the desertions
ho speaks of confined wholly to ofiicers?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Yes. sir. If
I used that language T retract it. Not many
of the enlisted men, I believe, deserted.
Bat, sir, I wish to say this: that if in the
future our country encounters difficulties by
reason of insurrections at home or by collision
with nations abroad, our reliance will be upon
the' patriotism and intelligence of the people
for the preservation of a Government which is
a blessing to those people, a Government which
does not burden them with the incubus of a
standing army, making them discontented and
indisposed to fight for its preservation. 1 will
undertake to say that if we should ton years
