1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Not for one hoar, since the adoption .of the
Constitution, ha.; the sovereignty of the Gov-
ernment over any State within it been annihi-
lated, nor have its reciprocal obligations to
such State been destroyed. The States were
dependent on the Federal Union for their mu-
tual security, and the Union was dependent on
the State organizations for its life. The Con-
stitution, ordained and adopted as the supremo
and enduring law of all the States and the
whole people, constituted a perpetual covenant,
in which not only every Slate but every citizen
of every State held an inalienable interest.
The secession of a State was no more author-
ized by the Constitution than the dissolution
of the Union itself. The one would be'no less
disaslrous than the other. The law of a mutual
iii'e forbade either. No legislative enactment,
no vote by the people of a State, through a con-
vention or at the polls, can of its own force or
vitality take a Stale out of the Union, nor ab-
solve it from its Fedeuil obligations, nor can
any law of Congress relieve the Federal Gov-
ernment from its constitutional duty to guar-
anty to every '"Stale" a republican form o [gov-
ernment, and to every citizen that protection in
all his national rights and privileges, which is
the consideration for obedience and allegiance.
As well might the stars which circle the Sun,
living in his light and held to their orbits by
his powei-j attempt to disturb the harmony of
the solar system by receding from its limits;
as well might the Sun, which in his revolution
ovrns the counter-attraction of surrounding
planets, attempt to veil his bnrnmgglories, and
make N ight and Darkne.sseferual in t heheavens,
aseitlierihe States or the Union claim llioeon-
siiiutional power of relaxing or annihilating
those bonds which bind each and all in the
unity, power, and perpetuity of the Republic.
The unity of the solar system will remain till
the supreme will of the Creator shall decree its
dissolution: the Union of the States will be un
broken until the supreme will of the people,
expressed by legislative action or physical force,
shall announce its end.
This theory, which has secured to it the sanc-
tion of distinguished names, gives the lie to tile
expressed object for which the Union arose! by
the fiat, ot the people from the discordant ele-
ments of the old Confederation, into the match-
less perfection of civil government, it is sup-
ported by no principle of international law
applicable to the relations between States ami
the Union, and it is branded as false by all Die
facts of liistoiy and by all the arguments of
reason.
Kvcry act of war on the paitof (lie Govern-
ment J'rom April, IMUI, till thesuneuderof Lee
and Kirby Smith, was a denial of Die right or
the power of a Stale to leave the Union. The
vasl array of armies called forfh by command
of the Government, greater than any which in
the history ot our race imperial power ever
organized for defense or conquest, was an
avowal of the constitutional obligation of the
Government to keep the Union'of the Stales
unbroken. Your iroif-clad monsters guarding
the coast-lines of an empire : your ships-of-war
tracking confederale pirates upon every sea;
your frowning fortresses reared from thcVhes-
apeakc to the. Kio Grande; the thousand bat-
tles in which the soldiers of the Republic
matched uiifallciing to victory or the griue,
express but the unalterable coni iction of the
American people that neither the constitu-
tional obligations of the Federal Government
nor the constitutional obligations of the Slates
can be ignored, evaded, or destroyed. Sir, f !
shall endeavor to show that those obligations,
mutually assumed and operative, created an
enduring, perpetual Union, indissoluble save bv
physical force, or by I he consent of its creators".
Organized civil government presupposes the
surrender bythc individuals framing it, or sub-
ject to it, to a greater or less extent, of their nat-
ural rights, and the character of the Govern-
ment formed will depend not only upon the
extent ot the surrendered or delegated power,
but upon the modes and agencies in and by
which thi3 power is to "bo exercised.
February 28,
In an absolute monarchy, there exists, as
between sovereign and subject, no limitation of
power, except that which is directly or indirectly
expressed in the right of revolution. In a lim-
ited monarchy, like England, the extent of the
surrender of natural right is the precise equiv-
alent of the power constitutionally exeicised by
the King and Parliament. In the two, sover-
eignty is united. In this country, and under
our Constitution, sovereignty exists in the peo-
ple, and in the people alone. Our Constitution
is but the expression of the popular will as to
the form in which, and the instrumentalities by
which, that sovereignty shall-be administered".
But we find existing here a distinguishing
feature, an anomaly in civil government. A
whole people, living within separate State juris-
dictions, or governments, and owing obedience
to the constitution and laws of such States,
affecting personal rights and property, .except-
ing only those which imeifere with the consti-
tutional powers of the Federal Government,
still owe entire allegiance to that Federal Gov-
ernment in everything per taming to national
sovereignty.
1 may use the expression of Judge Grier, in
the Prize Cases, to show the anomaly I have
alluded to :
" Pmlci the very.peculiar constitution of this Gov-
friiinrnl, nlthmi'jli the citizens owe supremo alle—
ffiane^ to tho Federal Government, they owe also a
qualified allegiance tu the flate ill wllleh they arc
(lomieiled. Their persons ami property are subject
to its taws."
When we undertake to apply the settled
principles of the civil international law in rela-
tion to sovereignty and allegiance to the Fed-
eral Government, the people of the Union,
and the citizens of the States, it is self-evident
that no case in which these peculiar relations
do not exist, can for one moment, be urged as
a precedent in determining the relations of a
loyal citizen of a State in rebellion to tho Fed-
eral Government.
There wor<> four parties to our great consti-
tutional covenant:
1. The people of all the States.
1!. 'Itie people of each State.
n. The organized State government of each
State.
■1. The Federal and national Government,.
The last was the creation of all the others,
and they inspired it with life and supremo
power as a sovereign nation, to preserve each
Slate in the enjoyment, of republican institu-
tions and each citizen in the exercise of his
national rightsand privileges underallagwliich,
to the external world, should be the symbol of
the united power of the whole people." Kvcry
cili/.en, no matter what. Die State of his resi-
dence, has a peisonai interest in this enduring
covenant for the common piotection, and T, as
a citizen of New Yoik, may demand of the
Federal Go\oriimont that, for the protection of
my State in its constitutional immunities. South
Carolina and Georgia shall not be permitted
to overthrow republican government, and thus
breakup the Union, South Carolina and Geor-
gia covenanted with every citizen of my State
that he should enjoy the same rights within
their lines as were accorded to their own citi-
zens, both as to protection of person and per-
sonal rights, and they cannot take away that
right, unless they can dissolve this Union.
Kvcry loyal man in any seceding State, has
the right, to demand of the Federal Govern-
ment, not only protection in his citizenship, but
piotection against any usurping power in his
own State which shall deny to him a repub-
lican government.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that under the mutual
covenants thus constituting the Government of
the people, and affecting every citizen, no State
can withdraw itself from the Union except by
constitutional permission or by successful re-
sistance to its authority.
Rebellion, therefore, if suppressed, coukl not
destroy the Union by taking a State from it, no
matter whether a month, a year, or live years
were spent in the suppression of that rebel-
lion. The constitutional duty of the State was
in no way affected by its neglect to perform it ;
and the constitutional duty of the Government
to every lo1, al State and to every loyal citizen
could be discharged only by tlie maintenance
of its sovereign authority.
If, as I have shown, ail acts of Legislatures,
all acts of conventions, and all popular action
of tho States attempting to secede were void,
as in contravention of the supremo law of the'
whole nation, they, in 110 constitutional sense
or manner, changed the relations of the State
or people to the Federal Sovernincnt; and we
solemnly assert this doctrine by every statute
we have enacted for the punishment of rebels.
If any other doctrine be true, we have no right
whatever to punish any citizen of a seceding
State as a rebel, for secession would make him
the subject of an independent sovereignty, and
he could uot be a rebel against a foreign Govern-
ment.
Every gentleman who has addressed the
House or the committee on this subject has
denied all right of secession in cxpn s's terms,
and on this point I fully agree; but still, with
strange and incomprehensible logic, they aver
that although attempted secession has utterly
failed; although the national sovereignty has
been vindicated over all the States in rebel-
lion ; and although the sole purpose of the
war, which terminated in the universal tri-
umph of the national arms, was to keep tho
rebellious States in the Union, yet, because
they are conquered and subdued to the Union,
they are out of the Union, and may be treated
as conquered Territories, and all their citizens
as enemies, no matter whether such citizens
were loyal or disloyal, no matter whether they
were true or false to the flag of their country.
The proposition is a paradox, an absurdity,
and in 1,0 manner sanctioned by any principle
of international law.
Kvcry citizen of a southern State owed su-
preme allegiance to the Federal Government
and subordinate allegiance to his State ; and
the Federal Government was bound as a con-
dition concurrent in demanding his allegiance
to extend to him its protection against any
interference by his State with the discharge of
his Federal allegiance.
Now, sir, when the great rebellion which we
have conquered began, thousands of men in
almost every southern State denied the right
of secession, asserted their loyalty to the old
Union, and called upon the Government for a
protection it was powerless to afford.
State laws, null and void as against the Fed-
eral Constitution, pronounced these loyal citi-
zens traitors to State governments. They were
persecuted, despoiled of estates, imprisoned,
tortured, and some of them were hanged be-
cause of their fidelity to the Federal Govern-
ment. Some, escaping from prison, with the
sentence of death upon them, leaving home,
family, and hope, sought the Union lines with
bloodhounds baying upon their tracks, entered
the ranks as soldiers of the Republic under the
flag which had failed to protect them at home,
and foil beneath its folds to maintain its sov-
ereignty and preserve tho Union. Yet their
widows in bereavement and their children in
desolation are pronounced enemies of the
Government for which their own lives were
saeriiiecd, and the pittance of property left by
rebel sequestration the honorable Christian
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
claims the right to confiscate, even when the
war is at an end, as enemy's property.
I undertake to say that in this Government of
ours the relations of the loyal people of the
southern States to the Union have not been
changed by State secession, either as to citizen-
ship or the right of protection.
It is true that International law regards all
persons residing within the military lines of an
enemy as public enemies, but this term is re-
stricted in its meaning, and relates simply to
property, not to allegiance; it relates to a time
of war, not to a time of peace.
Judge Grier says, in the "prize cases," which
are quoted as leading authority by the Draco-
nian advocates of dissolution, in speaking of
the term "enemies' property," it is a technical
