8004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
you cannot get the material there out of which
to build them without going to an enormous
expense, and the suit water would corode them
■when built.
Now, a word as to the question of filling up
League Island so as to secure a proper founda-
tion for the necessary buildings. It will not
cost much. The gentleman says you must go
to New Jersey for material. Yes, I say you
can go to lied Bank, in New Jersey—which is
immediately opposite—only a mile or two off,
and get as much gravel as yon want, and bring
it across the Delaware at a trifling cost. There
is plenty of material coming from the iron-
works of Philadelphia for filling up that part
of it which the committee terms, I think,
"marshland." I know something about that
island. It happens to be in my district, and
I have been upon it many times. There are
five or six truck farms upon it; and there
are buildings upon it which have stood for
years.
The gentleman speaks of it as being an un-
healthy location. Talk to me about League
Island not being a healthy location! The gen-
tleman might as well tell me that one half of
my district is unhealthy. Sir, 1 am well ac-
quainted with the immediate neighborhood of
the island, and I can truly say that I am not
mistaken in denying this charge of want of
health. It is healthy and inhabited by people
who live to good old age, and who will be
much surprised to hear of it being sickly.
T want a fair and proper consideration of the
bill. I am anxious that a proper naval station
should be selected, and desire the House to
vote on this bill understimdiiigly. Let us pass
it, and start a great yard, one equal to all the
requirements of the country. What is the use
of having another commission appointed? Wo
have, had commissions heretofore, and in spite
of their reports Congress has never decided
against League Island and never will upon
such arguments as have been presented by its
enemies.
Why should we distrust the Secretary of the
Nas-y? lias he any interest in League Island?
If he fell, as the gentleman from Connecticut
docs, being from Connecticut, he would estab-
lish this navy-yard at New London; und it is
because he will not do that that my friend docs
not like the Secretary. Captain Fox, the
Assistant Secretary, is, I believe, a citizen of
Massachusetts, and I think the heads of nearly
all the bureaus in the Department are from
New England; yet I am not unwilling to take
their views on this subject. I am not even
unwilling,to take the views of Hear Admiral
Smith, to some extent. I know, sir, that, those
ollieers of an older generation do not, see the
fitness of the Delaware river for a naval sta-
tion; for when they held commands in the.
Navy sailing ships only were used, and it did
take some time to come up to Philadelphia.
That is the secret of their opposition. Well,
sir, they have done honor to their country in
their time ; but they are passing away, and it
is too late in the day, after this question has
been so thoroughly discussed, not only in this
House and in its Naval Committee, but in the
Navy Department, for us to hesitate to estab-
lish a navy-yard for iron vessels in a river of
fresh water, with ample depth of channel, near
skilled labor, and near the coal and iron neces-
sary to housed in their construction, and where
ice, even in the coldest winters known, is no
insurmountable obstacle. We have an ice
boat which has always kept the channel open.
The gentleman has referred to the relative
distances of New London and Philadelphia from
New York. I do not know where lie gets his
geography or his scale of distances. I believe
New London is one hundred and fifty miles
from New York. I know it takes all night to
get there from that city in the steamboat; and
by railroad the distance is about the same, for
it takes nearly the whole day to reach it. Does
the gentleman know licw far it is from Phila-
delphia to New York? To be sure, going by
steamboat down the Delaware the distance may
he a little greater than from New London to
New York, but by railroad communication we
are only ninety miles from the latter city.
Why, sir, the gentleman does not know his
map. Let him look at it, letiiim measure the
distances as I have done for the purpose of
giving facts to this House so as not lo deal in
imagination and guessing for the sake of suc-
cess. I skouldbe ashamed of myself if I thought
I was actuated in this matter by mere local
interests. I believe that League Island is the
placc for a navy-yard, because it is in every
way accessible to ever,) thing which is needed to
bo used for building a navy such as wc should i
have. We have a channel in front of League
Island of twenty-three feet and more in depth.
It is two and a quarter miles in extent upon
the Delaware river. There is a channel of
some eighteen or twenty feet in depth, and
some five eighths of a mile in extent on the
Schuylkill, and also the back channel which is
also two and a,quarter miles long of some four-
teen or sixteen feet deep which furnishes a
grand national basin. I am speaking of the
depth of the channels at high water, of course.
I believe that this is a place intended by nature
for some such purpose as this.
Now, the gentleman from Connecticut de-
sires that we shall go to New London for this
navy-yard, where wo would have to blast out
thousands and thousands of tons of rock in
Older to obtain a basin. That, sir, could never
be done, and yet the gentleman talks about it
as the place most suitable Cor building ships,
but never mentioning its salt water.
Besides, we all know that we want iron and
coal for building a navy ; those are the great
materials to be used in the construction and
for the motive power of iron vessels propelled
by steam. And would you go to New Lon-
don to be near supplies of coal and iron ? The
gentleman cannot show me any line of rail-
road or canal, or any means of access to it,
by which you could reach those articles within
one hundred miles as near as they are to
League Island, lie cannot have the hardi-
hood to attempt seriously to convince any one
that the location he would select is in such
close proximity to everything which enters
into the completion of an iron navy as the point
designated in this bill.
League Island lies at the mouth of the Schuyl-
kill, at its confluence with the Delaware, both
of which rivers are navigable by nature and by
art. There is a canal all the way down the
Schuylkill, from the Schuylkill coaf regions to
within live miles of League Island, and the
Reading railroad running along the side of the
canal. There is the Lehigh Valley railroad,
connecting at Bethlehem with the North Penn-
sylvania, leading into the Lehigh coal and iron
regions. There are also means of access from
League Island into the same regions by canal
and tidewater navigation along the Delaware
and Lehigh rivers.
And is timber any nearer New London than it
is to League Island? No, sir; the means of get-
ting timber to the former place are not so great.
For the live oak of the State of Delaware and
the yellow pine of the Cnrolinas, what are the
means of communication with League Island?
Beside the Delaware bay and river, there is the
Delaware railroad, which now extends almost
the entire length of that State, and before long
will be extended into Virginia along its eastern
shore. And will it be argued that League Isl-
and possessing all these advantages, that New
London is still nearer to all these materials
than it ? Why, sir, any where, in any direction,
by any moans of communication, canal, rail-
road, river, or bay, for any of the materials
which are so necessary in the construction
and repair of naval vessels, iron or wood,
League Island is many miles nearer than New
London.
Sir, I hope, I believe that this House will
decide the question upon principles of justice
and right. We are acting for the best interests
of the whole country. And we are urging the
passage of this bill because we believe that
League Island is the best place for this naval
station.
It seems that a great many naval officers who
have looked into the matter within the last
two or three years have changed their minds
materially. I am under the impression that
my constituent, Commodore Turner, was not
a warm advocate of League Island two years
ago. Yet we have his letter setting forth the
reasons why it should be preferred, stating
among other things its liealthfulness and its
easy approach. So, too, with- Commodore
Stribling, who, although stationed at Philadel-
phia, was not at one time favorable to League
Island, yet he has since written a letter in its
favor. That letter has been read by my col-
league, [Mr. Km,ley.] This is another illus-
tration of the change which has taken place in
the views of prominent naval officers, onogreat
reason being, no doubt, the importance of the
basin afforded by the back channel, a basin
that can be made three hundred and fifty yards
wide, and deep enough to float the navies of
the world.
The gentleman from Connecticut refers often
to the mud of the river Delaware. Well, sir, we
do not pretend to say that the bottom of the
river Delaware is of rocks, and we thank Prov-
idence that it is not; for it'it were so, we could
not urge the adoption of League Island as the
location for the naval station. Sir, we have
the advantage of the mud, if you choose. At
high tide we have twenty-three feet or more
of water in the channel of the river Dela-
ware; and we have besides that six or eight
inches of yielding mud which does not hinder
the progress of a vessel. The largest vessels
of the Navy and of the merchant service have
come not only to League Island, but to the
wharves of the city of Philadelphia. I know
that in one instance, a few years ago, the ship
Cathedral was unable to get into the port of
New York because she could not get across
the bar; but that ship was brought in safety to
our wharves.
And I will state also that at one time a pro-
ject was on foot to bring the Great Eastern
to Philadelphia, a party agreeing to undertake
to accomplish it; but the project was aban-
doned, I believe, in consequence of some hes-
itation on account of the insurance. There is an
ample depth of wat er for any vessel. The rec-
ords of the Navy Department show that those
drawing the most water and having the largest
armaments have not only been at the present
Philadelphia navy-yard, but many of them were
built there and have with ease gone out to sea
through the Delaware river and bay. Vessels
propelled by steam are not delayed. Six or
seven hours will take them to the capes, and
oven under the most adverse circumstances of
wind and, weather a sailing vessel can make
the distance in about double that time.
Thirty-live or forty years ago the foreign
commerce of this country was done at the
wharves of the city of Philadelphia. At that
time they were crowded with shipping from all
parts of the world. That was the emporium 1'or
the China trade and the London trade. It was
not until the sagacity of Governor Do Witt
Clinton suggested the construction of the Eric
canal that that trade began to leave that city
and go to New York. The Delaware river
now, as then, is of sufficient depth of channel
for either merchantmen or national vessels.
None of either kind are constructed, or are
likely to be constructed, whether of iron or
wood, which cannot navigate her waters.
But, Mr. Speaker, to return to the question
of defensibility, which is, in fact, the impor-
tant question. You must locate your naval
stations in positions where they can be de-
fended at a low cost. Where is the location
that can be as easily defended as the city of
Philadelphia and League Island adjacent to
it? An enemy's ship could not successfully
make its way up that river. Its very length
is its defense. There are the two defensive
works. Fort Delaware and Fort Mifflin. Be-
sides there are numerous places along the
shore of the river (not high bluffs or towering
mountains) upon which batteries could be
placed. It would be impossible for a foreign
