THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3W5
enemy to approach Philadelphia by sea. And,
flir, you could not blockade the city of Phila-
delphia or League Island.
It would take the combined navies of the
world for such a blockade as would prevent
effectual access (o or from tliem. The bottom
of jDelaware bay is composed of yielding mud so
that you cannot anchor a blockading fleet there,
and you all know its great width. A blockade of
Philadelphia and League Island to be complete
renders a blockade not only of the Delaware
bay necessary but also a blockade of the Jer-
sey coast and of the Chesapeake bay. You
inust also blockade Now York. I repeat, it
would take the combined navies of the world
to do this. Suppose it was attempted, you can
get from League Island to New York through
the Delaware and llaritan canal, which has a
width aucl depth sufficient to enable us to take
a monitor of live hundred tons into New York
harbor. You can also get them through the
Delaware and Chesapeake canal to Baltimore. I
And J appeal to my friend from New Jersey j
[Mr. Newell] that to make a blockade of that ]
coast effectual you must blockade it entirely. 1
Still we would have access to it by the Cauiden
and Atlantic railroad. Thus we would have
means of outlet for our monitors by these
canals, and we would have the whole West to
furnish us with its products, thus rendering a
threatened blockade futile and without result.
League Island can be shown most incontro-
vertibly not only to be a place of safety for our
iron-clad vessels, but also the very best in which
to build up a navy. Now, I judge from what
I have seen in this House that facts, and facts
only, will be listened to, and they seem to me,
as far as presented, to be all in favor of that
location.
I say that on the question of defensibility,
on the question of fresh water, on the question
of the depth of water, freedom from ice, and
on the question of cheapness of living, and
the facility of procuring materials, you can
find no place to compare with it. It looks to
me as if nature planted it there for some great
national use. New London is out of the ques-
tion on account of salt water.
All who have examined it state this as the
great and insurmountable objection as far as
iron vessels are concerned. Salt water de-
stroys them.
The gentleman from Connecticut seems to
suppose that a rocky point is the best place
for a navy-yard. • Such is not our experience
in the past. Look at the Brooklyn navy-yard,
most of which is made ground. We do not
want to carry vessels up a steep hill or to cut
deep basins through solid rock. It is not ne-
cessary when we have other places which do not
require this enormous expenditute of money.
Go to the Chariest,own navy-yard, in the dis-
triefof the chairman of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, and you will find that a groat por-
tion of it is made ground. It is necessarily
so, for you want a navy for water and not for
land.
At the outset of my remarks I alluded to the
fact that the gentleman from Connecticut made
no argument of the defensibility of New Lon-
don against a foreign navy. He could not make
any such argument. The history of the coun-
try points out some facts in reference to the
defensibility of that location. It could not re-
sist a foreign navy during the war of 1812 which
blockaded it any more than during the revolu-
tionary war, when it was burnt to ashes by the
British, whose fleet and transports reached it
in one night's sail. It is just as easy of cap-
ture now as it was then.
One word about the expense. Why, sir,
$900,000 was expended in repairing and fit-
ting out one ship of our Navy. I refer to the
Vanderbilt. Yet you talk about the cost of
constructing a navy-yard at League Island such
as no other nation in the world will or can
have. It is so clear that I do not think it
needs argument. I do not think this House
would hesitate for one moment in reference
to the expense when the city of Philadelphia
offers to give to the Government six hundred
acres of land. It certainly would not if the
land were adjoining the present navy-yard.
We do not ask for a new navy-yard. We
expect the present one to be transferred to
League Island when completed. The present
yard is now surrounded by the city. It is al-
most in the center of the city. The Govern-
ment can sell it for probably $2,000,000, al-
though it contains but fifteen or sixteen acres,
and in its stead you will have a navy-yard of
some six hundred acres in a much better lo-
cation. Wo are not asking for a new navy-yard,
but only desire that you will locate one in fact
butas an extension of the old yard. These six
hundred acres now offered as a gift will be
worth in a few years millions of dollars to the
Government. Commerce is pressing down the
river toward League Island. Wharves for the
accommodation of private business are being
built along the banks of the Delaware.
Sir, would you select for a naval station
New London harbor which is famous for noth-
ing but its nearness to the ocean? We do not
want a new navy-yard, much less do we want
one located among rocks and salt marshes. It
may have the proximity to the sea to recom-
mend it as regards health, but a consumptive
could not live there, mid men working hard
from morning until night in the shops would
suffer from the climate, whereas in the neigh-
borhood of Philadelphia they would be living
where health abounds.
One word as to the defensibility of League
Island in comparison with Now 1 .oiidon, 1 tell
you there is but one way of deciding this ques-
tion, and that is upon the facts. With the nat-
ural and artificial defenses in the Delaware
river in the revolutionary struggle, it took the
British fleet eight long weeks to get up to Phila-
delphia. And ] will appeal to my friend from
Delaware if it is not true that in the war of
1812 time and-again the Bitish cruisers were
driven off the capes by our batteries, and yet
Commodore Decatur was shut up by blockade
of the enemy in the harbor of New London
for weeks upon weeks with his ship after he
had captured the Macedonian.
[Here the hammer fell; but by unanimous
consent the gentleman's time was extended,
and he proceeded, as follows:]
Mr. Speaker, it is hardly possible to do jus-
tice to this subject in one hour, especially after
injustice has been done to it for an hour and a
half by the speech of the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Bka\deci;e.]
Sir, we need such a navy as the lesson of the
late rebellion has taught us, a navy built of
iron, and we need a naval station at a point
where we cannot only build, but equip our
irO'n-clad vessels. Does this House know that
during the late rebellion not one ship was
fully equipped in the navy-yards of the coun-
try? Now, sir, let us have a yard whore we
can have a foundery, where we can make our
ordnance and everything great or small which
enters into the completion of a man-of-war.
Look at the losses we have suffered; millions
of dollars claimed by contractors for extra
work on vessels and their machinery.
In the midst of the speech of my friend from
Connecticut a bill for the relief of a contractor
for loss upon the Idaho is messaged from the
Senate to the House. We will find claims
amounting tu twenty or thirty million dollars
of this character, all occasioned by want of
proper legislation on this subject.
In 1862 the Secretary of the Navy suggested
in a report, and has made the same suggestion
in every succeeding report, the necessity of
locating a navy-yard for iron-elads, and yet
here after nearly five years with half a dozen
or more navy-yards we have none fitted for this
purpose. We ought to have a navy worthy of
such heroes as Parragut, Du Pont, Winslow,
Cushing, and others, but we can never have it.
until we select the place at which to build the
vessels.
Mr. Speaker, one word and I am done. As
I said before, I started out to state facts, and
have endeavored to confine myself to such. I
wish to say, sir, for my colleagues of the Penn-
sylvania delegation and for my own more inv
mediate colleagues of Philadelphia, that we are
not urged to the support of this measure by any
local interests or considerations. We endeavor
to do our doty without the prejudice of locality.
If a better site can be found for this purpose
anywhere in the country, select it and establish
your naval station there. But let us, for the
sake of those who have honored our flag in
the naval service, take such measures as will
place the Navy upon a proper footing for all
time to come. I'or tins we ask you to pass
the bill just as it was reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 282) entitled "An act
to reorganize the clerical force of the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and for other purposes,"
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TR0WBBIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; which were thereupon
signed by the Speaker:
An act (II. J{. No. 37) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending 30th of June, 1807 ; and
An act (II. It. No. 4'jO) granting a pension
to Anna E. Ward.
l'utntrng of testimony.
Mr. CONKLING, from the joint committee
on reconstruction, reported certain testimony
relative to Louisiana, Texas, and the Indian
Territory, and moved that the same number
of copies be printed that was ordered to be
printed of the testimory heretofore reported
from the same committee.
The motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing, under the law.
NATAL DEPOT AT LEAGUE ISLAND—AGAIN.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of Connecticut. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to submit to the judgment of this
House, in a word or two, and a word or two
only, whether it is not idle for us, ill the con-
sideration of this bill, to discuss the compara-
tive merits of League Island and New London
or Portland and some localities on the Hudson.
It seems to me that the arguments of the learned
gentleman from Pennsylvania were entirely
irrelevant. If they had been put in the form of
a plea, I think I would have demurred to it;
and I might have done so with perfect safety.
The bill does not call upon this House to
adopt any particular locality; it does not call
upon this House to act at all upon its own judg-
ment. It iswellknown, and has been well said
in this debate, that we would not any of us feel
competent to select a locality for this purpose.
The bill calls for the appointment by the Pres-
ident of a skilled and experienced board to
make an examination of League Island and
l!i« marsh lands, and make a report to the Sec-
retary of the Navy ; and it would require the
Secretary of the Navy to act upon the recom-
mendation or report of that board.
Sir, as it seems to me, there is but one sin-
gle point in this case; and I invite the atten-
tion of the House to tliatpoint, as I understand
it. The simple question is, whether this com-
mission or board shall not have free scope to
examine other localities. Now, when in point
of fact it is well known, and must be well
known to every member of the House, that it
is believed by a large portion of the commu-
nity that there are more eligible sites for a
navy-yard than League Island, 1 ask the House
if the substitute of my colleague contains any-
thing more than a fair, reasonable, and just
proposition.
I think I know, and it must be well known
to the members of this House, that a large
proportion of our people believe that there are
other localities much more advantageous to
the Government as sites for a navy-yard than
