1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
holder myself, my father and grandfather were
both slaveholders, and I am sure in many re-
spects they were better men than I am. They
were honest slaveholders, just as there were
other honest people; and there are men in
Maryland to-day who, notwithstanding their
ownership of slaves, have stood by this Gov-
ernment in every emergency, and who have
aided to the full extent of their influence in
bringing about the grand result of emancipa-
tion. There are men in Maryland to-day,
loyal men, as loyal as any in the laud, who
if they do not receive from the Government
the pittance which is pledged to them by this
twenty-fourth section will be penniless, al-
though at the beginning of the war they per-
haps could have counted their possessions by
thousands.
I have a report in my hand made by the
Secretary of War to the Senate some time ago
in reply to a resolution of inquiry which I had
the honor to offer, in which he makes these
statements:
" 1. That commissioners were appointed in the
States of Maryland and Delaware, and that in tho
other slave States, by the President's direction, no
appointments have been made.
"2. That the sums awarded by the commissioners
in Maryland and Delaware, and the amount paid
thereon-, are set forth in the report of Assistant Adju-
tant General Foster, hereto annexed. The order of
tho President suspending further appointments, in
tho absence of any limitation of timo in tho act of
Congress requiring them to bo made, was the reason
of the Secretary of War for not appointing commis-
sioners in other slave States. Tho necessity of pro-
viding for the payment of troops, and the pressing
exigencies of the war, required all the funds furnished
by tlie Treasury to be applied to those purposes, a.nd
for that reason payments on awards have been sus-
pended."
After saying that the amount of the commu-
tation fund in the Treasury on the date of the
approval of this act by the President, to wit,
the 24th of February, 1804, was $7,439,035 20,
he proceeds as follows:
"The amount was subsequently increased by ad-
ditional payments $10,433,529 25. Portions thereof
were applied to the purposes set forth in tho accom-
panying report of the Provost Marshal General,
amounting to ^3,302,011. The Provost Marshal Gen-
ei .il reports on hand, subject to the provisions of said
act, the sum of $'J,514,923 <15, being now over two mil-
lions more than was on hand at the date of the ap-
propriation, February 21,1S61."
So that, according to the showing of the Sec-
retary, there are now in the Treasury-liable to
claims under this twenty-fourth section more
than $9,500,000. But this amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts does not ask for
an appropriation of any more money than may
be absolutely necessary for the payment of
these claims. To the Maryland board, com-
posed of gentlemen who examined into these
claims with perhaps as keen a scrutiny and as
much rigor as was possible under the circum-
stances, there were submitted claims to the
number of three thousand eight hundred and
sixty-seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maryland whether there has been
any report made by any commission.
Mr. CRESWELL. Yes, sir, there is a re-
port made by the commissioners; the substance
of it is given by the Secretary of War. I am
now reading from tho statement given to me
by the commissioner-in-chief for the State of
Maryland.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has he made any re-
port to the Secretary of War ?
Air. CRESWELL. He has made a report
on the subject to the Secretary of War, and a
synopsis of it was furnished to the Senate last
February.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does he say is
the amount?
Mr. CRESWELL. I will read :
The commission for the State of Maryland was con-
vened October 2fi, 1863. and dissolved October 18,1865.
There were tiled with this commission three thousand
ci'-'ht hundred and sixty-seven claims for compensa-
tion umicr the act of Congress referred to.
Award* were made by the commission upon seven
hundred and eighty-six claims, the amount awardoxl
being $230,750
Twcntv-fivo of these elaim3 have been paid,
amounting in tho aggregate to  6,900
Leaving an unpaid balance of  ยฃ223,850
I was going on to show the estimate which
is made by Mr. Timmons, who is the chief
commissioner of that board. Mr. Timmons
says that for the whole State of Maryland and
the^ eastern shore of Virginia, which, owing to
their geographical relations, were placed in the
same division, there were filed up to October
18, 1865, 8,863 claims. " Of that number the
board passed upon 1,065, leaving the number
not finally acted upon 2,798. From investiga-
tions made by the board there would be rejected
for disloyalty and other causes at least 1,000,
leaving the number of loyal claims to be de-
cided 1,798. Upon the 1,005 claims passed, the
board awarded the sum of $222,450, or a frac-
tion over ยง200 per slave."
The Senator from Maine will observe that
there is a slight discrepancy between the state-
ment made by Mr. Timmons and that from the
War Department 
Mr. _ FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator what
there is to prevent the claims of those parties
that have been adjudicated upon from being
paid. There is abundance of funds to pay them
after the adjudication.
Mr. CRESWELL. I do not know except
that there has been some mysterious delay for
nearly the two and a half years this act has
been in force. It has been asserted, incor-
rectly, as I think, that this money was now in
the Treasury and that some legislation was
required to got it out in addition to that con-
tained in the twenty-fourth section of the act
of 18G4. I think it is a mere technicality.
Mr. Timmons makes an estimate that the
amount necessary to pay, say eighteen hun-
dred additional claims at $300 each, (he puts
it at the maximum amount,) would make an
addition of $540,000, so that the total amount
required to satisfy all these claims in tho State
of Maryland and the eastern shore of Vir-
ginia would be $702,000. Certainly less than
$1,000,000 would pay for every enlisted slave
of loyal owners.
I have only to say in conclusion that so far
as my ideas of right and wrong go, it is our
duty to satisfy these claims just as much as it
was to satisfy the slave-owners in the District
of Columbia for their slaves, and especially
when we consider the circumstances under
which this provision was inserted in the act of
18G4. It is known to every gentleman who had
anything to do with the passage of the conscrip-
tion act, as that act was called at that time, that
we were then in a strait to raise troops. It was
known that the act of 1883 had virtually failed.
It was evaded to such an extent that the Gov-
ernment was not being with sufficient rapidity
supplied with troops, either white or black;
more stringent means were necessary; and
when, on the 10th of February, 1804, the prop-
osition came from Mr. Stevexs in the other
House, which is embodied in the first section
of this law for the enrollment of every colored
man in the country, slave or free, and for the
counting of every man of that description in
the national forces, it was received with a mur-
mur of dissent from the Opposition as being
revolutionary in its character, and by many gen-
tlemen on our side of the House it was con-
ceived to be greatly in advance of any position
that we had ever before that time taken upon
that subject. It was subsequently amended
upon the suggestion of my then colleague, Mr.
Henry Winter Davis, by the insertion of this
clause:
" The Secretary of War shall appoint a commission
in each of tho slave States represented m Congress
charged to award a just compensation to each loyal
owner ot any slave who may voluntarily enter the
service of the United States, payable out of the com-
mutation money."
And then, as the Senator from Massachusetts
has already stated, the section was reviewed
and perfected in the committee of conference
until it assumed its present s]jape. The prop-
osition then came from our side of the House.
It was an effort, as I have already said, not only
to raise soldiers when soldiers were needed for
the service of the United States, but as we therf
frankly stated, to break down the institution of
slavery. In both these objects it succeeded.
From my State alone eight thousand colored
men marched ont to fight for the Union ; and
the result showed that when yoti gave tb.e miis-
kct to the slave and taught him how to use it,
you gave him his freedom also.
Now, sir, in my judgment, if we failin'ren-
dering to these claimants what was tendered
them by our own proposition, it will be an act
of had faith to which I for one will not be a
party.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
short executive session for a few minutes. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. A recess has been ordered,
I believe. '
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness for a few moments.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors wore
reopened, and the Senate took a recess until
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
negro marriages in the district.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
Sroceed to the consideration of House bill
io. 015.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
It. No. GIG) legalizing marriages and for other
purposes in the District of Columbia, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that all colored persons in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who, previous to their act-
ual emancipation, had undertaken and agreed
to occupy the relation to each other of hus-
band and wife, and are cohabitating together
as such or in any way recognizing the relation
as still existing at the time of the passage of
the act, whether the rites of marriage have
been celebrated between them or not, shall be
deemed husband and wife, and be entitled to
all the rights and privileges, and subject to the
duties and obligations of that relationin like
manner as if they had been duly married ac-
cording to law, and all their children shall be
deemed legitimate, whether born before or
after the passage of the act. When the par-
ties have ceased to cohabit before tho passage
of the act in consequence of the death of the
woman, or from any other cause, all the chil-
dren of the woman recognized by the man to
be his shall be deemed legitimate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
housk op correction.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up House
bill No. 379.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (IT.
R. No. 379) to establish in the District of Co-
lumbia a Reform School for boys, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed several amendments to the bill. The
first was in section one, lines four, five, and six,
to strike out the words "an institution for the
instruction, employment, and reformation of
juvenile offenders to be called the Reform
School for Boys,'' and in lieu thereof to insert
" a fit and convenient house of correction, suit-
ably and efficiently ventilated, with convenient
yards, workshops, and other suitable accom-
modations adjoining or appurtenant thereto, for
the safe-keeping, correction, governing, and em-
ploying of offenders legallv committed thereto
by authority of the courts and magistrates ot
the District of Columbia;" sc* as to make the
section read:
That there shall be established in the District of.
Columbia, on the tractof land known as the Uovem-
ment farm, a fit and convenient house oi correction
suitably a.nd efficiently \ entilatcd, witb convenient
yards, workshops, and other suitable accommoda-
tions adjoining or appurtenant thereto, for the safe-
keeping, correction, governing, and employing ot
