THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
b&mdcrs legally committed thereto by authority of
ibo courts ami magistrates of the District of Colum-
bia : Provided, Thar the building already erected on
that land for the purpose of establishing a similar
iftstittftipn, together vntb all the 01 her property there
collected for the same purpose, shall bo transferred
to the trustees appointed axxording to the provisions
of this aot, at a cost not exceeding $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four to
strike out the word to,n in lines three, six,
and eight, respectively, and in lieu thereof to
insert "they may;'' bo as to make the section
read:
Sec. i. And be it furth-er enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the said board of trustees to takeehargc
of the general interests of the institution; they may
appoint a superintendent, a steward, a teacher, or
teachers, and su-h other officers as may be found
necessary, and may be approved by the Secretary of
the Interior; they may iix the ^.tiarics of t«aid offi-
cers, Mibjepf to the approval of the Secretary of tlie
Interior; they may prepare such by-laws as ina> be
necessary to regulate and direct the management of
the institution, which, however, 5-hnll not be valid
until approved by the Secretary of the Interior; and
exercise a vigilant supervision over the institution,
its officers and its inmates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out Re-
form School*" wherever these words occur in
the bill, and insert *4 House of Correction.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
lines six and seven, to strike out •' a term of
time not less than one year and not to exceed
the period of his minority," and to insert "his
sentence:" so as to read:
That when any boy under the age of fourteen
years is l'oand guilty in a court in the District of Co-
lumbia of any crime punishable by imprisonment
other than imprisonment for life, he shall be com-
mitted to the said House of (Jouveiion, and there held
in custody ot the superintendent fur the term of hid
sentence, <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso at the clo^e of the eighth
section of the bill;
Provtdtd, howecer, That nothing in this act shall
be so con-trued a^ to prevent the discharge from the
Reform School, by the trustees, of any bov, as re-
formed, whenever in their judgment he ought to be
so discharged. *
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
ninth section of the bill, in these words;
Sec . 0. And be it furth-er e<t acted. That anv boy under
the age of tiiteon jears, residing in tbe"l>istr;rr  i
Columbia, who may be brought by his patent- or
guardian bUore the judge of the orphan's court, or
either of tnc judges oi the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and there shown to be habitually
disorderly, and defiant of the control of his parents
or guardians, or for any sufficient reasons greatly in
necdof a stronger and more wholesome restraint and
discipline,shall bysaid judgebecommiuedto theRo-
i'orm fcebool, there to remain for such aterm of time
as the trustees may deem best, not to exceed the pe-
riod of his minority.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourteenth section, in these words:
Snc. 1-1. A'h! he it further ea'ict"d. That every boy
comiuiued to tlic Iletonu School -h ;> I i be there re-
tained, governed, insfruoted, and employed, under
the direction of the trustee?, until the expiration of
the term ior which lie whs committed to tho school,
unlets sooner discharged by thetru-tpcsss refoimed:
and the discharge of a boy as reformed, or or; his
arriving at the age of twenty-one years, shall be a
complete release irom all penalties and disabilities
created by the sentence.
The amendment wag agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixteen,
lines twenty-three to twenty-eight, to strike out
the words, " the Secretary of the interior shall
secure an assessment of taxes in such delin-
quent city or county sufticient to cover the
amount required and the expenses of collect-
ing the same, and appoint a collector, who shall
collect the taxes assessed in such manner as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the In-
terior," and in lieu thereof to insert, "'the
party s:> making default shall be liable to sum-
mary proceedinL's before the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, at the instance of the
United States attorney for said District, to en-
force the same, with interest thereon after the
(late of default;" so as to make the section
read:
Sbc, 16. And be it further enact vi, That for the pur-
pose of securing a transfer of tlio building and other
propeuy to the trustees, preparing tiio premises and
ouildher ior occupancy, and for the payment of other
necessary expense*, there is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treusuty not, otiierwise appro-
priated, the .sum of SliOOO. to be paid only 011 the
order of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided, That
86,000 of said appropriation is hereby declared to be
the sum that shall be assessed and paid by the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, and the county of
Washington; and it shall be the duty of the proper
authorities of the city of Washington to raise, by
tax or otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the
United States, at or before the time when the prem-
ises shall be ready for occupancy by the Ilouse of
Correction, the sum of $4,500; and itshallbethc duty
of the proper authorities of the city of Georgetown to
raise and pay in like manner the sum of Si,000; and
it shall be the duty of the proper authorities of the
county of Wa^hinirton to raise and pay in like man-
ner the sura of SoOO; and in ease of default of such
payment into the Treasury of the United States by
cither of said cities or by thesaid counts of Wa-hius-
ton, the party so making default shall be liable to
summary proceedings belore the supreme court ol the
District of Colutabia, at the instance of the United
States attorney for said Di^tii^t, to eiifouo tin: tunic,
with interest thereon a'Ler the date of default.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordeicd that the amendments be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time and passed.
■EXltOLLVD BILLS SKi.VED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills : and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. :325) to give certain powers to
tlie levy court of the country of Washington,
in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. Xo. ITS') to incorporate the Metro-
politan Mining and Manufacturing Company :
xV bill (S. No. 277,; for the relief of William
Cook:
A bitl-S. Xo. 24'J i relating to public schools
in the District of Columbia : and
A bill iS. Xo. lo7l to amend the acts ap-
proved August G. isijl. and July 10, 1802,
establishing a Metropolitan police" in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and to increase the efficiency
thereof, and for other purposes.
house dills IU.fERltKD.
The bill (H. R. Xo. 772) to authorize the
issue of certain bonds in denominations greater
than sl.OOti was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill 'II. R. Xo. 770) in relation to the
unlawful tapping of Government water-pipes
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The joint resolution (II. II. No. 83) declar-
ing Tennessee again entitled to Senators and
Representatives in Congress was read twice by-
its title and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The joint resolution (II. R. Xo. 191) relating
to the building lately occupied for a national
fair in aid of the orphans of the soldiers and
sailors of the United States was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
california axd ouugox railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill iS. Xo. 123) grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph lino from the Central Pacific
railroad, in California, to Portland, in Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the amendment
will be concurred in at once.
Mr. .STEWART. I will say lo the other
members of the Committee on Public Land.~
that 1 have examined the amendment made by
the House of Representatives, and although it
comes in the shape of a substitute, it is sub-
stantially the saaie bill which wo passed with
some additional limitations, a more carefully
guarded bill than the one we passed.
Mr. POMEROY. On the .-.talemenl made J
have no objection to the bill passing. I have-
not re-ad it.
Mr. STEWART. I have ; it is all right.
Mr, WILLIAMS. The amendment is sub-
stantially the same hill as was passed by the
Senate, with little or no difference except verbal
chan e*5.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made the Chair will regaid the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to Senate bill No. 123 as before the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and insert a substitute ; and having
read the first two sections of the substitute—
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to dispense with
the further reading of that amendment. The
substantial parts have been read, and I know
that the remainder of the bill is the same as
was passed by the Senate. I have examined
the amendment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The reading
can be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is quite as
well, for it is very clear that no person can
understand the foreeof the House amendment
by this mode of legislating. It is all right, I
have no doubt; but of course no Senator knows
anything about it.
Mr. STEWART. The House have taken
our bill, put ina number of little amendments,
and then offered the bill, as amended, as a
substitute for our bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to suspending the reading of the
House amendment ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not object, for the
reading is entirely useless.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that from this
point forward it is exactly the same bill which
was passed by the Senate. I have examined
it. We have already passed it once.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How many sections per
mile are given to the road?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ten.
Mr. POMEROY. Ten alternate sections on
each side, making twenty sections per mile.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And no money?
Mr. WILLIAMS. *No money. There is
really no land to be granted, and that grant
is a mere formal matter, the land being pretty
much all taken up.
The amendment was concurred in.
soldiers' axd bailors' vxiox.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill N'o.
oH J .
The motion was agreed to: and the bill (H.
R. Xo. -5S7) to incorporate the Soldiers' and
Sailors' Union of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to incorporate II, A.
Hal], W. C. Porter, Will A. Short, James
Cross, J. II. Nightingale, D. S. Curtiss, L.
Edwin Dudley, G. M. Van Bureti, "William S.
Morse, Lawrence Wilson. William L. Brum-
hall, F. E. Drake, 13. P. Cutter, W. II. H.
Bates. H. N. Rotherv. S. G. Mernii, Charles
A. Appel, O. A. Lukenbausrh, J. S. Firman,
John I-I. Simpson, George W. De Costa. L. J.
Bryant, J. H. Gray, Lyman S. Emery, and A.
L Bennett, as a body politic and corporate, by
the name of the/' Soldiers' and Sailors' Union
of the city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia."
The corporation may acquire, receive, hold,
and convey real and personal estate; which
ctate shall never be divided among the mem-
bers. but shall descend to their succe.-sors for
the promotion of the interests and general wel-
fuie of the soldiers and sailors of (his corpora-
tion who have served in the Union Army or
Navy during the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion, and the relief and protection
of their widows and orphans.
Mr. I'AVIS. t rise to inquire whether this
bill has been before one, of the committees.
Mr. MOlllllLL. Yes, sir. It is reported
from the ''omniiltee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me this bill au-
thorizes this association to acquire an indeii-
