M:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Hezekiah 8. Bundy of Ohio, and Henry L.
Dawes Of Massachusetts.
On Expenditures in the State Department—
Frederick A. Pike of Maine, Henry P. H.
Bromwell of Illinois, Samuel J. Randall of
Pennsylvania, Roswell Hart of New 3:ork,
and Samuel Shellabarger of Ohio.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Depart-
ment—James M. Marvin of New York, Charles
V". Culver of Pennsylvania, Ralph Hill of
Indiana, Shelby M. Cullom of Illinois, and
Burwcll C. Ritter of Kentucky..
On Expenditures in the War Department—
Henry C. Deming of Connecticut, Ilkamar C.
Sloan of Wisconsin, George P. Miller of Penn-
sylvania, Edwin N. Hubbcll of New York,
and James B. Hnbbell of Ohio.
On Expenditures in the ISo.mj Department—
James Humphrey of Isew York, George W.
Julian of Indiana, Samuel W. Moulton of Illi-
nois, Samuel L. Warner of Connecticut, and
Charles Denison of Pennsylvania.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment—John Baker of Illinois, Leonard Myers
of Pennsylvania, William A. Darling of New
York, Benjamin Eggleston of Ohio, and An-
drew J. llogers of New Jersey.
On Expenditures in the Interior Depart-
ment— Bbcnezer Dumont of Indiana, Myer
Strouse of Pennsylvania, John P. Benjamin of
Missouri, William B. Allison of Iowa, and
Samuel McKec of Kentucky.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—
John W. Loogyear of Michigan, John D. Bald-
win of Massachusetts, Nathan P. Dixon of
Rhode Island, Philip Johnson of Pennsyl-
vania, and William II. Kandall of Kentucky.
Joint Committee on IheLibrari/—Ituthcvford
B. Hayes of Ohio, William D. Kelley of Penn-
sylvania, and Calvin T. llulburfl of New York.
Joint Committee on. Printing—Addison II.
LaflinofNew York, Header W. Clarke of Ohio,
and George 11. Latham of West Virginia.
Joint (Jnmmitiee on Enrolled Bills—Amasa
Cobb of Wisconsin, and Adam J. Cilossbrenner
of Pennsylvania.
SELECT COMMITTEES.
On the Rules—The Speaker, and Messrs.
Elihu B. Washburne of Illinois, Nathaniel P.
Banks of Massachusetts, John L. Dawson of
Pennsylvania, and Henry J. Raymond of New
York.
On Bankrupt Lam — Messrs. Thomas A.
Jenckes of Rhode Island, Rufus P. Spalding
of Ohio, Francis Thomas of Maryland, John
\V. Chanlcr of New York, M. Russell Thayer
of Pennsylvania, Henry T. Blow of Missouri,
John Lynch of Maine, Anthony Thornton of
Illinois, and John B. Alley of Massachusetts.
On Freedmen—Messrs. Thomas D. Eliot of
Massachusetts, William D. Kelley of Penn-
sylvania, Godlove S. Orth of Indiana, John A.
Bingham of Ohio, Nelson Taylor of New York,
Benjamin P. Loan of Missouri, JosiahB. Grin-1
nell of Iowa, Halbert E. Paine of Wisconsin,
and Samuel S. Marshall of Illinois.
MIVIT.UOE OP TIIK FLOOR.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Niblack, comingover from last Monday, to
suspend the rales to enable him to introduce a
resolution, on which the yeas andnays had been
ordered.
The question was taken j and there were—
yeas 39, nays 110, not voting 33; as follows:
YEAS-^Mcssrs. Ancona.Tllow, Boycr, Crooks, Daw-
son, Denison, EldridKo, i'inck, Ulossbrenner, Wornl-
ye.ir, Gndor, Aaron Xlarding, Jiot;an, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Jame3 K. Hubbcll, James 51. Humphrey, John-
son, Kerr, lie Blond, Marshall, Niblack, Noell,
HAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames. Anderson,
James M. Aphley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
licrgamm, liidwell, Bingham, Blame. Boutwell. Bran-
degee, Bromwell. Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Sidney
Clark, Cobb, Conklin, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Danes,
Detrees, Delano, Dixon, Drives, Dumont, Ecklcy,
Jffijleston, Miot, Fariisworth, Farqahar, Forrv, Gar-
field, Grmnell, Hale. Abner U. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, llotciikiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hub-
card, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Ingcrsoli, .Tcnrkc.
Julian, Kasson, Kelley. Kelso, Kuykend'all, Latham,
Willi:!.!'. Lawrence, Loan, Longycar, Lynch, Marvin,
MeCim-tr, JtcTndoe, MeKee, McRuer, Mereur, Miiler,
Jloorhead, Morris, Jloulton. Myers, O'Neill, l'aino,
Patterson,Perham,Phelps, Pike,Plants, l-iiee, Alex-
ander II. Rice, UollinF, Sawyer. Scolield, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, "j^rowbrid^e,
Upson, Van Aernavo, Hurt Van Honi.llobcrt T. Van
Horn, "Ward, Winner, Hiiim !>, "Waslibr.riie, "William
B. Washburn, Woikcr, Tvrontivortb, Williams James
P. Wilson, Stephen r. Wilson, Wmdom, and W'ood-
bridsre—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Baxter, Borden, Chanlcr. Reader W. Clarke, Culver,
Darling, Dcrains, Donnelly, Crriswold. Han-is, Chester
J). Hubbard, Jones. Kctehum, Lallin,Gcoigc V. Law-
rence, Marion, McCull ouch, Morrill, New ell, "Nichol-
son, Onh, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Wiliiam II.
Randall, John II. Rice, Sehenek, Starr, Strouse, John
L. Thomas, 'i'hornloii, and H'iniicM—33.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
Subsequent to the calling of the roll —
Mr. SCII13NCK stated that he should have
voted in the negative had lie been in during
the call of the roll.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am re-
quested by several of the chairmen of commit-
tees to offer the usual resolution authorizing
the appointment of clerks. I therefore offer
the following resolution, and upon it demand
the previous question:
Itcmhvt. That the committees of the House who
were entitled toclcrks last Congress, shallbc entitled
to clerks this Cong'ie^s, at the usual compensation;
and that the Committees on Banking and Currency
and on Appropriations shall also be entitled to clerks
at the same rate of compensation.
Mr. KLIOT. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question, in order that I may offer an
amendment. Theic is another committee that
needs a clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
withdraw the previous question for that pur-
pose. After the Gentleman's special committee
shall have organized and ascertained that they
necd a clerk, they can come to the House at
anytime and gel. one.
Mr. KLIOT. It is obvious that the commit-
tee on freedmen's affairs must have a clerk.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I prefer
the resolution in the usual shape, but I shall
not oppose the assignment of a clerk to that
committee when they ask for one.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the House will not sec-
ond the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved that the vote
last taken be reconsidered; and also moved that
the motion to vcconsidfer be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICIAL KEPOllTING.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, which involves a matter of the privileges
of the House, and upon it I demand the pre-
vious question:
JtemivcJ, That, the select committee upon rules,
of which the Speaker of the House is chairman, be
instructed to consider and report what lclatinn the
reporters of tho official proceedings published in the
Globe bear to tho House, and whether any further
regulation i- necessary to secure a lull and just report
of its proceedings.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
TREASUEElt'8 REPORT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a re-
port from the Treasurer of the United States
transmitting copies of his accounts for the
third and fourth quarters of 1863, and the first
and second quarters of 1804; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT 0E THE LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution, which was referred,
under the law, to the Committee on Printing:
Hisoh-rd, That twenty-five thousand copies of tho
report >,'{ the Lieutenant General bo printed for the
use of tho House.
HEALTH OP WASHINGTON.
Mr. JOIINSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jiesolvecl, That the Commit'ee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into 1 he expediency
of making such improvements in the drainage of this
city, and especially the Wu:-b!>.;■■!('rt canal, a.s may
conduce to tnc health of tliccity; and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ELD RIDGE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
llriolvec!, That there is no warrant or authority in
llie Constitution of the United States for any State or
btatcs to secede, and that all resoives or ordinances
to til at end or lor that purpose aio absolntol; null
ar.lvoitl: and that the war having defeated the at-
tempt to tints divide and break up the Union, it is of
vital importance to the Rcpuljlic and to att the States
thereof that the States recently in revolt, and each
and every one ofthen!,xtotih!resuiuotlieirappropri-
ajc and constitutional po-ition and functions in tho
Union without delay; and to til is end, laying aside
all party feeling and all personal or other animosity,
waiving atl minor differences and seeking earnestly
to maintain and preserve the Union of our fathers,
we will cordially sustain and support the President
m every and att epiisntiitiomd eirorts and policy of
restoration, believing that there by the political, com-
mercial, financial, and Kcncrat prosperity of the whole
country will be most substantially and permanently
subserved.
Mr. THAYER. I object.
ARMORY AT HARPER'S FERRY.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llpolvcd. That J lie Committee on Military Affairs
l)o instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
building and reestablishing the United States armory
at Harper's Ferry, West Virginia; and whether tho
public interests would bo bettor subserved by reestab-
lishing said armory or by selling the property there
belonging to the United States; and that said com-
mittee repoit by biil ur otherwise.
CLAMfe FOR ARMY SUPPLIES.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Jfrsohcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the law of July 4, 18G4, entitled "An act
to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermasters' stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the XTnited States," as to re-
quire the officers therein named to examine and certify
tor payment, if just, the claims of loyal citizens in
States not heretofore in rebellion, for <.iuartcrnlasters,
store? or subsistence supplies actually furnished to
paid Army, whether the same were receipted for or
taken without lcceipt by the officer whose particu-
lar duty and business it was, untkr the rules of said
Army, to take the same, or was taken by some other
officer or person in such Army, and actually used by
said Army, and to report by bill or otherwise.
EQUALIZATION 01? BOUNTIES.
Mr. SHBLLABAKGEK, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to;
Jtcyolvcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into and repoit tu this House,
by bill or otherwise, upon llio propriety of providing
by law for securing to soldiers and sailors who have
served the Government in the late war against the
icbeliion, and who have received no bounties, or rel-
atively small bounties, such additional bounty as will
render as nearly as practicable the bounties paid to all
such soldiers and sailors equal in proportion to the
time of service.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. STEVE "NTS, by unanimous conscnf, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
^ fitsoJvrd, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to conmiimi-
catc to tnis liuuse any correspondence or other infor-
mation in the possession of the Government lelative
to tiic present condition of offair.s in the sister re-
public of Mexico, and especially anv letters of tho
minister from said republic, or the French minister
at Wa&nmgton, thereto.
SLAVERY IN MEXICO.
Mr, GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
_ ItcsolrccI, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with thepublicservioe, to communicate
to this 11 ous e any information in 1he po-vc^ion of any
of the Exccuth c .Departments of the Government in
reicrence to a so-called decree, by Maximilian, the
i'rench agent in Mexico, under date of September 5,
reestablishing slavery or peonage in that repub-
lic, and also what action, if any, has been taken by
the Government of the United States with reference
theieto.
