1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
and the laws, spurn this sacrifice of death, and
refuse, for U nion and peace together, to surren-
der a suspicion or a prejudice.
The world moves. Is it backward or onward ?
Has it rolled backward for more than two thou-
sand years into the deep darkness of barbaric'
ages, or has it rolled onward till that voice
which, amid the agonies of crucifixion, uttered
in love to his enemies, "Father, forgive them,
they know not what they do," is audible no
longer?
Sir, no social error, no political prejudice,
no religious heresy was ever eradicated from the
popular mind by persecution or proscription,
lire or sword. The religion of the Redeemer,
proclaimed from the hills of J udea, has survived
the martyrdom of its founder, and the civil au-
thority of those who by torture and flame sought
to strangle its life. It held in its hand no fire-
brand and no sword in the hours of its peaceful
triumph. The various sects to which it gave
birth, regardless of its divine origin, in vain
endeavored by punishment, imprisonment, and
death to force their respective tenets upon the
world. Catholic Spain, in the reign of Charles
V, Philip II, and Philip ill, Iricd inquisitorial
power upon the Moors of Andalusia and the
Protestants of the X etheiiands. She hunted the
former from their homes, confiscated their prop-
erty, burned them by lire, and smothered them
in caves, to convert them from the faith of Mo-
hammed to the religion of peace, and finally
exiled the helpless remnant of the race to the
burning sands of the African deserts.
On the 2Gth February, 1-308, Philip II signed
the infamous decree of Ximenes, which con-
signed every Protestant in the Netherlands to
the scaffold, even after the boast of Alva that
he had beheaded twenty thousand heretics. The
murder of one hundred and thirty thousand
tested the persuasive power of sectarian des-
potism.
Catholic England burned Protestants at
Smithfield. ProtestantBnglandhanged Catho-
lics at Tyburn.
Since these scenes were enacted, three hun-
dred years have passed away, and though the
crumbling palaces of Granada, still attractive in
the adornments of Arabian genius, no longer
by the banks of the Jenil and the Darro cast
their shadows on the Moor ; though death has
stayed the murderous arms of Charles and Philip
and Alva and Granvelle on the Rhine; though
the fires of Smithfield were long since extin-
guished. Spain, England. and the world, in the
nineteenth eentuiy and in the high noon of its
civilization, have yet to learn that the word of
Love is mightier than the arm of Power, and
that Truth itself ceases to be omnipotent when
Oppression an d Proscription stand as accredited
ministers at her altars.
I fear, Mr. Speaker, that in the spirit of our
legislation, and in the bitterness of our denun-
ciations against 1 he whole people of the late
southern confederacy, wo are committing an
error and a crime. The war is over. The past,
with all its passions, with all its cruelties, with
all its sacrifices, with all its horrors, is gone.
The thousands who in the tumult of buttle met
as foes, and
"Foremost fighting, foil,"
sleep together and at peace.
The aggregated hate of the nation toward the
rebel living or the rebel dead cannot reanimate
the ashes of a single of our loved ones who per-
ished there for the Union. Alas! hate, pro-
scription, and injustice, may render the sacri-
fice vain.
Our duty is not with the past but with the
present: not with the dead but with the living:
not with conquered provinces and foreign foes,
but with our own soil shadowed by the ccgis of
the Constitution, and with our own citizens—
erring, criminal, guilty, deserving of punish-
ment, but still American citizens.
In the utter annihilation of Slavery, Reason
and Philosophy discover that the seeds of har-
mony and peace are sown broadcast over the
Republic. But the seed which the husbandman
sows springs not up at the moment of its plant-
ing, It germinates in sunshine and gentle
showers, it rises unseen through the protecting !
soil, it rejoices in the daylight, it expands and
grows, its leaves open to the zephyrs of the
spring. Nature supplies its wants; nature
watches over it; nature and time mature the
harvest, the blade, the ear, the full corn in the
ear. This is nature's law. The planting is
man's mission; the growth and the perfection
belong to time and to God.
•We have planted the seeds of universal free-
dom and equality. They will germinate neither
in the frosts of neglect nor in the flames of anger.
The gentle showers of prosperity and the sun-
light of peace alone will give vitality to that we
have planted; and God in His mercy and in
His time will spread upon the field an abundant
harvest.
I speak in the interest of republican gov-
ernment and of all people when I say that I
believe no legislation will lie so unwise and so
disastrous as that which shall put far off the
day of reconciliation with those of our coun-
trymen who are now denied all interest in this
Union; who are taxed without representation;
without whose concurrence you propose to
change the organic law of the land, and upon
whom you design to enforce the principle of
political equality in races, which our own con-
stituents have never acknowledged.
Far better is it, as it seems to me, to return
to the principles on which the Government
-was framed, and to recognize the interests of
every loyal citizen in the legislation which
permanently affects the country.
I want no war oftaces in this land, and to
nrevent, it, our legislation shouldbe so wise and
so just as to give to no race reasonable ground
for complaint.
It is but eleven years since that, one whose
life and whose death were consecrated to free-
dom, and whose fiat struck the shackles from
three million bondmen, declared that this coun-
try could not live at peace half free and half
slave.
Sooner than he dreamed, the life-struggle
began and ended—ended, alas! with his own life
—and slavery went down before freedom, be-
cause freedom was stronger than slavery.
I hope that no page in our history shall here-
after prove that in almost half of the Republic
our people could not live in peace, half white
and half colored, or that our legislation was
such as to jiroMike or justify collision.
Time and reason alone can remove existing
prejudices of opinion. Time ca^ts its mantle
of o'blivion over hate and passion. Time will
bring its solace to wounded pride, and resig-
nation to broken hearts. Time legislates lor
peace. Its decrees you can neither stay, modify,
nor repeal by your legislation. Tr, mocks your
'; previous question.'! Your descending gavel,
Mr. Speaker, may note the passage of its hours,
but, cannot arrest its argument. If you will not
hear it you shall feel it in returning prosperity
and peace. Time lifts the continents from the
ocean's bed, or buries them beneath the waves.
Time legislates upon climates, upon produc-
tions. Time builds up and pull? down empires.
It lays its hand upon the generations and races
of mankind, and they pass away, the weaker
before the stronger.
Four hundred" years ago this continent was
the home of Indian empire, and within its lim-
its no white man trod the soil. Where to-day
are the countless I ndian tribes who then held
undisputed sway from the Gulf of Su Law-
rence to the Caribbean sea? King Philip has
left his scepter to no descendant by the Nar-
ragansett. Massasoit, Canonicus, Jletacomet,
ai.'d Miautonomoh have left their graves, but not
their empires to the prc-ent age. No child on
the banks of the Janice now claims Virginia as
i an inheritance from Powhatan. The red rulers
! of the shade, and the races they governed, have
i gone forever. Anglo-Saxon ei\ ilization, crowd-
! ing westward from the shores ot Europe, bear-
ing the arts of life in its hand and the elements
of freedom in its bosom, demanded the slopes
of the Atlantic and the great valleys ot the Vt est
for its empire and its home. Civilization was
stronger "than barbarism, intelligence was
stronger than ignorance, art was stronger than
nature.
Mr. Speaker, I solemnly, I sorrowfully be-
lieve, that but one course can save the colored
race of this country from speedy and almost
universal destruction ; and that is, not by for-
cing upon the _ ignorant and debased the full
exercise of political rights, but by protecting-
them in the enjoyment of their freedom, by
securing to them the reward of their own labor
and all rights before the law, and providing for
their education that thus they maybe fitted for
the ultimate political duties of freemen.
Give tlicm protection, teachers, education,
and hold*out to them inducements to self-
improvement, and patient industry will open
the avenue to thrift, and thrift will secure both
respect and enfranchisement.
In this mode you will avoid collision, and__
your policy will remove a prominent obstacle
to restoration, and you will escape the incon-
sistency of giving the hjghest right of a free-
man, which requires intelligence in its exer-
cise, to a whole race, who are, by your solemn
legislation in the last session of your Congress,
pronounced incapable to make a contract foi
their own labor.
Cast to the winds your unconstitutional
sehemes of confiscation in peace without con-
viction for treason. Let the world know that
the American Congress has learned that pun-
ishment is adjudged by law for the good of
society, for the reformation of the offender,
and not for revenge.
Permit me, before I close, to say that while
I regard the Constitution as organizing the most
perfect Government which we have known,
its amendment may at times be essential and
proper. Two amendments I have cheerfully
supported because I believed them to be just.
I am willing, if need be, to support others, but
only when consistent with the general interests,
and in harmony with the cardinal principles of
the Government.
An amendment which gives in terms to Con-
gress the power to make all laws to secure to
every citizen in the several States equal protec-
tion to life, liberty, and property, is a grant for
original legislation by Congress. If Congress
may give equal protection to all as to property, it
is itself the judge of the measure of that protec-
tion. Its legislation may be universal. It, may
enlarge protection, it may circumscribe it and
limit, it, if only it make it equal.
Under such a power the constitutional func-
tions of State Legislatures are impaired, and
Congress may arrogate those powers of legisla-
tion which are the peculiar muniments of State
organizations, and which cannot be taken from.
the States without a radical and fatal change in
their relations.
I will, sir, consent to no centralization of
power in Congress in derogation of constitu-
tional limitations, nor will I lodge there to-day
any grant of power which may in other times,
| and under the control of unprincipled political
j a-spirants or demagogues, be exercised in con-
travention of the rights and liberties of my
' countrymen.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. "Will the gentleman yield
to allow me to offer a paper for reference ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask consent to introduce
the following paper, which I send to the Clerk.
The Clerk read, as follows :
[By telegraph from HarrisbitrgJ
February 28,1866.
To Hon. TnABDErs Srr.vExs:
A full caucus of the Union members of both Houses
lust nisht unanimously passedresohitionssustaining
Congress. R.W.SHKNk.
i Mr. STEVENS. I desire that it may be
I referred to the committee on reconstruction.
! [Laughter.]
Mr. CEANXER. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDQE. How does that come m ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Ver-
mont [Mr. Woodbridge] yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania^ [Mr. Ste-
vjsxs,] who asked consent to have this referred.
