1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBlS.
m
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave or absence.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Mili.er from Wednes-
day next until the following Friday.
safety of railroad travel.
M!r. WILSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Seiolved, That the Committee on Commerce bo in-
structed to inquire what legislation is necessary for
the safety and protection of persons traveling upon
milrondfiinthc United States, and report by bill or
otherwise.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
excused from serving on a committee.
Mr. D AVIS asked to be excused from serving
oil the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Leave was gianted accordingly.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the House (at
two o'clock and ten minutes) then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 12, 1865.
Prayep--by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Treas-
urer of the United States, transmitting, in obe-
dience to lav/, copies of his accounts with the
United States for the third and fourth quarters
of the year 1863, and the first and second quar-
ters of the year 1864, as adjusted by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting, in obedience to law, copies of the
accounts for the first quarter of 1865 of the su-
perintendent and agents having in charge the
refugee Creek, Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Sem-
inole Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of fifteen
petty officers and twenty-six seamen of the
Western flotilla, praying for prize money or
compensation for captures made at Island No.
10, Memphis, and other places on the Missis-
sippi river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
lie als'o presented the petition of soldiers in
the recent war, praying for the necessary legis-
lation to equalize the bounties of those who first
responded to their country's call with the boun-
ties of those who enlisted near the close of the
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Ho also presented a petition numerously
signed by citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that
internal taxation and duties on foreign imports
may be so adjusted as to secure the amplest pro-
tection to the labor and industry of the coun-
try in all their branches; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMERO Y. I ask leave to present the
petition and accompanying papers in the case
of Captain F. A. Patterson, late of the third
\ irginia cavalry. Having been taken prisoner
before he was mustered into the service, he
prays that he may be allowed his compensation
until the date of his discharge. I move the
reference of the papers to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oregon, praying that a pension maybe
granted to Henry Noland; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the State of Ore-
gon, urging the negotiation of a treaty between
the United States and the Sandwich Islands,
by which the leading exports from the Pacific
coast, with some exceptions, and the staple
productions of those islands, may be admitted
into the ports of each country free of duty,
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Archibald C. Crary, praying for an appropria-
tion for the pay alleged to be due his father as
an officer in the revolutionary war; which, with
his papers on file, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
_ Mr. MORG AN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 26) granting to the International
Ocean Telegraph Company the right and priv-
ilege to establish telegraphic communication
between the city of New York and the West
India islands; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
27) to provide for the election of a register of
deeds for the county of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 28) to provide for the consolida-
tion of the Indian tribes and to establish civil
government in the Indian Territory; which was
road twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. POMERO Y asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 29) to amend the act of March 8, 1803,
granting lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said
Slate; and also supplementary to the act of
July-i, 186-1, of the same import; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (,S.
No. 30J to create an additional land district in
the State of Oregon ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
j. a. kiiombeeg and company.-
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate all the facts
in regard to the seizure of property, tor a violation
of tho revenue laws of the Cmted fctatcs, belonging
to J. A. Rhomberg k Co., of Dubuque, Iowa; upon
what terms a settlement was eilected v. it h said Khom-
beigA: Co.; and under what authonty of law the corn
seised by the United Slates as the pioperty of said
Bhomberg k, Co. was converted into whisky and af-
terward delivered to them without requiring the duty
imposed thereon by law to be paid by them.
writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to present a reso-
lution with a view to its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States de-
clares, "the pn\liege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall noi bo suspended unless when, in of rebel-
lion or invasion, the public safety may require it;"
and whereas Congress, by an act passed :sd March,
1863, provided " that during' tho present rebellion, the
President of the United States, whenever, in his judg-
ment, the public safety may require it, is authorized
to suspend the privilege of ihe v, lit of habeas carpus
in any case throughout the United States, or any part
thereof;'' and in pursuance cf said act the President
did, the 15th day of September, 1S0:>, make proclama-
tion "that the privilege of th^c writ of habeas corpus
is suspended throughout the United States, in the sev-
eral eases before mentioned, and that tliissuspension
will continue throughout the duration ot thef aid re-
bellion, or until this proclamation shall, by a subse-
quent one, to be issued by the President of the United
States, be modified or revoked;'' and whereas there
aie now no cctf.es of invasion or rebellion in tho State
of Kentucky, or anywhere in the United States, by
reason ot which the public mj\ty requires the contin-
ued suspension of the writ of habeas carpus: Theie-
fore,
Be it resolved. That the privilege of the writ of
habco? earby tho operation and effect oi the Con-
stitution of the United States, now stands rightfully
restored m the State of lientueky, aid throughout
the whole ot the United States, and every ciltten may
claim, as his birthright, the benefit of this writ of
American liberty. , ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the resolution.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I object to its considera-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. I think it had better lie ov«r.
ThePRESIDENTpj-ofcrajjore. Thepreseht
consideration of the resolution being objected
to, it lies over under the rules.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from. Massa-
chusetts permit me to appeal to his courtesy ?
I do not ask for the present consideration of
the -resolution. I merely ask to have it re-
ferred to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. J have no objection to that.
I take it, there is no objection to its reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the ob-
jection to the present consideration of the reso-
lution withdrawn?
Mr. SUMNER. It is. ' '
The PRESIDENT|5?*ofe ywe. The objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution being withdrawn, it is moved that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will at this
time say a short word on the resolution which
I have submitted.
It is no attack upon the President, and it
covers no hostile feeling to his administration.
I am fully sensible of the stupendous difficul-
ties that beset him in his efforts to restore tran-
quillity, fraternity, and security to the whole
people of the United States, and all his proper
efforts in this great work have my fullest sym-
pathy, and will receive my earnest support.
My constituency generally, nine tenths of them
at least, and most certainly I myself, am most
desirous to sustain his administration; and if I
cannot do it in the whole, as much of his pol-
icy and measures as my sense of duty will al-
low. I and the people I represent are desirous
to judge of his administration, not only justly,
but indulgently. So far as 1 deem his policy
and measures to be constitutional and wise, I
will support them earnestly. When 1 doubt,
ho shall have the benefit of my doubts; and
though dissenting from him concerning unes-
sentials, I will refrain from open opposition tov
him as to them. But where my judgment is
satisfied that he is wrong on important princi-
])les and concerns, I will openly and decidedly,
but courteously, oppose his measures. I will
know no more difference in the frankness and
decision of my opposition to his measures of
that character, than I manifested to similar
measures of his predecessor.
Mr. President, to my mental vision the pres-
ent condition and near prospect for our country
are exceedingly unpromising. I do not know
that there is any near deliverance, or well-
groun ded hope for it. Certainly if there is, that
hope and deliverance hang upon Andrew John-
son. No man had ever a more important part
to play. If he prove able and strong, and just
and patriotic, the mass of the people of Ken-
tucky and of the whole United States will rally
to his support; and with their assistance he can
rescue the country from the terrible fate that
threat-ens it. But if he should be too weak, or
treacherous to the mighty responsibility that has
been devolved upon him by Providence, there
seems now to be no deliverance. Let the true
men of the country everywhere hope that he
will have the wisdom, virtue, and courage to
meet responsibilities that are so fearful in their
magnitude, and if he shows tho proper dispo-
sition and fortitude they will stand by him to
save us from anarchy and despotism.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Kentucky be good enough to sus-
pend his remarks for a moment to enable the
Chair to receive a message from the House of
Representativ e s ?
Mr. DAVIS. I am through, sir. I merely
wanted to make this disclaimer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not mean to interrupt the Senator but tern-
