1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
39 ffl
nite quantity of roal estate and to hold it to
them and their successors. It seems to me
rather an extraordinary provision. I should
like to have the bill referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. If it is all right, I do not
want to oppose any obstruction to its passage;
but I think it ought to be examined by that
committee, and I make the motion that the
bill be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. MORRILL. I should hardly think that
the Senate would consider the reasons assigned
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky suffi-
cient to authorize tlie reference of such a bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I under-
stand the Senator to say that it authorizes the
holding of an unlimited amount of estate. That
is no legal or constitutional objection which
should lead to its reference to the Judiciary
Committee. If the honorable Senator thinks
there is any danger, it is very easy to move an
amendment to guard against that.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
if my exception to the purport of the bill is
true.
Mr. MORRILL. I think they have a right
to acquire and hold as much real and personal
estate as is necessary for the object of the asso-
ciation.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the object of the cor-
poration ?
Mr. MORRILL. The bill is to incorporate
the Soldiers*1 and Sailors' Union of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The bill comes from the
House of Representatives, and if it is sent
back, I do not know that it will get through,
but 1 have no objection to limiting the amount
of property to be held to $200,000, and I there-
fore move to amend the bill by inserting after
the word " estate," in line three of section two,
the words " not exceeding $200,000."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary withdrawn?
Mr. DAVTS. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to add to the
amendment just adopted the words " in value"
after the word "dollars." I do not know what
"property not exceeding $200,000" would
mean. I move, therefore, to add the words
" in value."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
sobdieus' and sailoks' orphan home.
On motion by Mr. MORRILL the bill (II.
II. No. 779) to incorporate "The National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home." was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The corporators are Mrs. Julia B. Grant,
Mrs. Ellen E. Sherman, Mrs. II. D. Cooke,
Mrs. Margaret Fahncstock, Mrs. Kathleen
Carlisle, Miss Charlotte Taylor, Mrs. Jane
Speed, Mrs. Mary J. Wells, Mrs. A. C. Har-
lan, Mrs. Jane L.Smith, Mrs. Mary K. Lewis,
Mrs. Jane Farnham, Mrs. Eliza M. Morris,
Mrs. Cecilia S. Sherman, Mrs. Ellen Bover,
Mrs. Elizabeth A. Howard, Mrs. Kate C.
Sprague, Mrs. Eliza B. Nye, Mrs. Annie Rouse,
Mrs. Kate L. Plants, Mrs. Elizabeth G. Todd,
Mrs. AbbvE. Hale, Mrs. J. M. Trumbull. Miss
SarahWood, Mrs. Jane Annie Pirtle,Miss Eliza-
beth Howard, and their successors.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the bill by striking out of
section six the following words :
All Senators and members of She House of Repre-
sentatives shall be ex- officio memhersof any advisory
committee to be provided for by the constitution or
by-laws of said corporation ; and that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
new district jail.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 124)
authorizing the construction of a jail in and
for the District of Columbia, to report it with-
out amendment and recommend its passage,
and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to select a suitable
place on some of the public grounds belong-
ing to the Government in the city of Washing-
ton, and to construct thereon, upon such plan
as he may select, a jail of sufficient capacity
to provide for not less than three hundred
prisoners, with suitable yards, hospitals, &c.,
the entire cost of which shall not exceed the
sum of $200,000, The Secretary of the Inte-
rior is to employ an architect and have pre-
pared a design for the building, and plans
descriptive thereof, with complete specifica-
tions of the work required and the materials
to be used, and to publish notice of a public
letting of tlie contract for the building of the
jail, at least thirty days before the letting, m
the principal newspapers in New York, Bos-
ton, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Baltimore, and
Washington, which notice shall direct a place
where such specifications can be seen, and a
time at which the contract is to be let; and
the Secretary is to let the contract to the low-
est responsible bidder, and the contractor is
to enter into sufficient bond for the faithful
completion of the contract to the approval of
the Secretary.
The Secretary of the Interior is to sell at
public sale, on proper notice, the materials of
the old jail, now located in Judiciary square,
and the proceeds are to be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States.
For the purpose of reimbursing the United
States for a part of the cost the proper author-
ities of the city of Washington are required to
raise, by tax or otherwise, and pay into the
Treasury of the United States, at or before the
time of the completion of the jail, the sum of
$70,000; the proper authorities of-the city of
Georgetown, $20,000, and the proper authori-
ties of the county of Washington, $10,000,
which sums shall be deemed the fair propor-
tion of the cost of the jail of each of the cities
and to the county of Washington; these au-
thorities, respectively, are required to assess
and lev)' upon the taxable property of tlie
cities and of the county of Washington a tax
sufficient to raise the amount so by each city
and said county required to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
washington land and building company.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate bill No. 384, to incorporate the
Washington Land and Building Company of
the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia with amendments.
The first amendment was in section two, line
three, after theword "dollars," to insert "nor
be less than $100,000;" so that the clause will
read:
That the capital stock of this corporation shall not
exceed $500,0UU, nor be less than ^100,0i!f), and that a
share in the same shall be fifty dollars, and books of
subscription to the capital stock.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line five, after the word "stock," to strike out
"or to such portions thereof as from time to
time may by the directors, for the time being,
be deemed proper and necessary."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line eight, to strike out "directors," and insert
"corporators;" and inline twelve, after "val-
uation," to insert "to be determined by said
directors."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line five, after "act," to strike out "and that
it shall bo lawful for Congress, at any time
hereafter, to alter, amend, or repeal this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Why are those words
stricken out?
Mr. WADE. They were in twice over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that a corpo-
ration ought not to be created for the purpose
mentioned in this bill. I do not think we need
corporations in this country to become the
owners of real estate with a view to leasing it
out and selling it. That is the entire purpose
of this bill. I know many of the proposed
corporators, and they are excellent gentlemen,
some of them my personal friends, but I shall
not vote for such a bill as this. I ask, before
I proceed, that the Secretary read that section
which defines the powers of the corporation;
I think it is the seventh section.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the president
and directors slialt have full power and authority, on
behalf of the company, to purchase or lease land
within the city of Washington, and sub-lease or sell
and convoy the same, to erect dwelling-houses and
all other buildings oil the land so leased or purchased,
and rent, lease, or sell the same, with the land ap-
purtenances thereunto belonging, and generally to
do and perform all acts, matters, and things to en-
courage mechanics and citizens of "Washington in
procuring houses and homes upon the most advan-
tageous and economical terms. 4
Mr. HENDRICKS. That stump-speech part
I understand very well. The power that is
conferred is the power of a corporation to
become the owner of the real estate of Wash-
ington, for the simple purpose of speculating
in real estate or building houses upon it, of
leasing and selling. I say that this is a power
which a corporation ought not to be able to
exercise. When we create ordinary corpora-
tions we say that they shall own real estate to
tlie extent required for the business of the cor-
poration. We consider it so great an evil to
allow property to be held in dead hands that
we prohibit it to other corporations except to
the extent required. But here is a corporation
out and out to speculate in land. I know it is
said to encourage mechanics. God save the
mechanics when they have to depend upon cor-
porations for their prosperity ! Their interest
is to have the real estate of the country free,
everybody to buy and everybody to improve
according to his means. These are clever gen-
tlemen ; but when they commence building
houses to give away to mechanics, I shall be
surprised.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me there is great
caution about these corporations. So far from
there being anything objectionable in this sev-
enth section defining the powers of this incor-
poration, in my judgment it is the great merit.
1 am glad that mechanics will band together
for the purpose of purchasing lands and put-
ting buildings upon it and leasing or selling
those buildings. If there is an overgrown land-
lord here, a man of great wealth, he may go on
and he may employ all the mechanics in the
world, and gentlemen have no kind of difficulty
with him. He may go on and he may buy all
the land around him, he may erect buildings
upon it, and he may sell them or rent them to
his heart's content, and may speculate in them;
but if a few mechanics of any means get to-
gether for the purpose of doing that same thing,
then arises this terrible objection. Do you
want to grind them down underfoot? ^Because
they have not the means, each individual on
his own behalf, to do this same thing, you intend
that it never shall be done! What more ob-
jectionable is there because a few mechanics
in moderate circumstances club together and
are incorporated for the purpose of doing this
same lawful tiling than that one man should
do it, he having wealth enough to do it all him-
