1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
300?
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. RAYMOND, from the same committee,
reported back Senate joint resolution No. 69,
making an appropriation to negotiate treaties
with certain Indian tribes, with the recommen-
dation that it do pass.
Mr. BURLEIGH. _ I insist that this bill,
making an appropriation, must have its_first
consideration m the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that a Delegate is not entitled to make such
an objection as will prevent the joint resolution
from being now considered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HALE. I object to the joint resolution
at the suggestion of the Delegate from Dakota,
who wishes to be heard on it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have reported this joint
resolution under instruction of the Committee
on Appropriations. 1 have no desire to pre-
vent any member or Delegate from discussing
it who may desire to do so. It is a subject
which ought to be canvassed.
The. SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late, as the joint resolution has been read a
third time.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Let me ask the Chair a
question. I would like to know why I am sent
here if I am not to be permitted to attend to
the interests of my constituents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the question. The gentleman is sent here as
a Delegate to discuss the merits of all questions
in regard to the Territory of Dakota or else-
where, but he is not entitled to a vote."-'
Mr. BURLEIGH. This affects the interests
of my constituents more than almost any bill
during this session. It relates to the naturali-
zation of these Indians.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only yielded to the gen-
tleman to bring in one bill', and on condition
th^f it was not to take up much time. He has
brought in two and claims the right to the floor.
I insist the gentleman has violated his obliga-
tion to me.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman may in-
sist on that; but I insist that lam now entitled
to the floor upon this bill. I have not the
slightest intention to call the previous question,
to insist upon the passage of the joint resolu-
tion at this time, or to do anything else which
can be disagreeable to the gentleman' from
Wisconsin. I will yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is all that I wish.
I desire simply to move to adjourn. Let the
House decide whether it will agree to it. I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty minutes after four o'clock p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rale anil referred to the appropriate committees:
13y Mr. CULLOM : A petition signed by A. John-
son, ancl other?, citizens of Springiield, Illinois, in
favor of an increase of duty on manufactured mar-
ble brought into the United States.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE : A memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of Milwaukee for an act
authorizing the building of a bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river.
By Air. FARNSWORTII: A petition and remon-
strance of certain railroad companies in Illinois,
Iowa, anil M issouri, relative to bridges over the Mis-
sissippi river.
By Mi. GARFIELD: The petition of Hon. G. B.
Northop, oi the Massachusetts State Board of Edu-
cation anil the principals of the Massachusetts nor-
mal schools. nuking lor the establishment of a na-
tional bureau ol education.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of A. M. Holmes,
anil others, cili/.Mts of Madison county. New York,
tor repeal or modilication of law imposing tax of ten
per cent, upon hanks paying out the notes of State
banks after July 1,1.S6S.
Al-o, the petition of A. M. Holmes, and others,
citizens of Momsville, Madison county, New York,
for establishment ot bureau ot national insurance.
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: The petition of G.
"W. Elliott, for payment for losses sustained by him
at the hands of the Union Army during tho late war.
By Mr. RITTER: The petition of heirs of Wil-
liam M. Wooten for pension.
* Objecting to unanimous consent is exercising the
highest prerogative and power of a member.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 7, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Captain Robert Ritchie, of the United States
Navy, praying to be relieved from the action
of the retiring and advisory boards of the
Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of R.
L. MeElree, of Mississippi, praying for com-
pensation for the alleged destruction of his
property by United States troops; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Hayward A. Harvey, praying for a further
extension of the patents granted to the late
Thomas W. Harvey for the manufacture of
wood screws; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial of
George W. Colby and others, lately officers of
the Union Army, now engaged in planting cot-
ton in Alabama, remonstrating against an in
crease of the tax on cotton. These petitioners
state that prior to embarking in this business
they made their estimates of probable success
upon the basis of taxation then in force. They
saw in those estimates a prospect of gain,
perhaps sufficient in itself, certainly so in view
of patriotic results, should they succeed. They
have had many and peculiar difficulties to en-
counter in the outset of their experiment, aris-
ing from the uncertain growth of seed long
laid by, but which had necessarily to be used
in planting, from several years' neglect of the
lands to be cultivated, &c. To such an extent,
are their investments depressed by these causes
that they look mainly to the result of future
years for legitimate gain frfira their endeavors.
They now see, with alarm, this result threat-
ened by an overwhelming increase of taxation,
an addition of one hundred and fifty per cent,
to the basis on which tlieir labors were begun.
They therefore pray that the proposed tax of
five cents per pound on cotton may not bo
levied. I move that this memorial be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORIULL. I present a memorial of
the Commissioners of Emigration of the State
of New York, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the bill to amend au act entitled "An
act to encourage immigration," &c. As that
subject has been acted on, I move that the
memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of II. Trowbridge's Sons, praying that an
American register may b'e granted to the bark
Golden Fleece, and also a petition of Bennert
& Brown, praying that an American register
may be granted to the Prussian-built bark
Marget, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
104) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue American registers to the barks Marget
and Golden Fleece; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. It. No. 4S1) to amend
an act entitled "An act to encourage immigra-
tion," approved duly 4, 18G4, and an act en-
titled "An act to regulate the carriage of pas-
sengers in steamships and other vessels,"
approved March 3, 1855, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was recommitted a bill
(H. R. No. 464) for the relief of John Gordon,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committed on
Pensions, to whom %v«s referred a bill (S. No.
171) for the relief of Reuben Clough, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a written
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom were referred sundry pe-
titions and memorials praying for the enact-
ment of just and equal laws for tho regulation
of inter-State insurances of all kinds, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the select committee
to whom the subject was referred, reported a
bill (S. No. 357) to aid in the construction of
telegraph lines, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
GOODRICH AND CORNISH.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Coxxuss, Mr. Moueill, and Mr. Bccka-
i.i:w as the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate on tho disagreeing "votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the joint resolution (II. R. No. 77) for the,
relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathail
Cornish, for carrying the United States mail
from Boise City to Idaho City, in the Territory
of Idaho.
GIIEATIIOUSK AND KELLY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. S.jS) for
the relief of Henry Greathouse and Samuel
Ivelly, to report it back without amendment;
and as it simply authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral to settle the account of these persons equi-
tably, I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committeeol'the Whole, proceeded to consider
the lull, which proposes to direct the Postmas-
ter General to adjust and settle the claim of
Ilcury Greathouse and Samuel Kelly for car-
rying the mails of the United Stales on route
No. "lliOUl, from Placerville to Idaho City, and
on route No. 10002, from Fayetteville to Pla-
cerville, in the Teiritory of Idaho, fiom July
1, lbCl, to July 1, 18(15, and to award and pay
to them for that service such sum as may be
in accordance with the principles of equity and
justice.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that
this bill is all right; but it is a kind of legisla-
tion I never like, to authorize and require the
head of a Department to settle a claim on
principles of equity and justice, without speci-
fying the amount, without having any limita-
tion or any restriction whatever upon it. It
is a kind of legislation that we have not gen-
erally approved, and [ never like to vote for
it. if the committee have examined this
matter, and know what the amount of the
claim is exactly, and it can be defined, then I
am very willing to vote for the bill; but if it is
an undefined, undeterminable thing, I would
rather that it should be investigated.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The case is simply
this: these parties carried the mail for a con-
siderable distance in California and Idaho
without authority from the Department, but
at the request, 1 believe, of the postmasters
along the line. They carried it in four-horse
coaches, and carried it at certain times under
very great disadvantages. Thcv have come
hero and asked compensation for this service,
and, as I understand, the Po«fmaUer General
is perfectly willing to give them compensation,
but does not feel authorized to_ do it without
the action of Congress. This bili simply
authorizes the Postmaster General to pay
them such a sum as lie shall deem equitable
under the circumstances. 1 suppose he would
pay them what is authorized generally by the
Department for similar services in that por-
tion of the country. I think there is no
amount fixed.
