1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. ELDTtlDGE. It is utterly useless to
refer it: it is in (he hands of that head of the
commHtec who offered it.
Mr. STEVKXS. If there is any trouble about
it I withdraw the document.
Mr. WOODBiUDG R. Mr. Speaker, I do
not, intend to discuss this question at any length.
The time of the House lias been very profitably
occnpicd in its discussion for several days, and
I have no idea that any arguments that I may
advance, or any views that 1 may submit, will
alter the mind or the vote of any gentleman
upon the floor. But, sir. great responsibilities
rest upon the members of the present£om*ress.
We are not writing history, which is difficult;
we arc making history, which is more difficult
still. The footprints of this Congress will be
upon (he rocks of the mountains. National and
political convulsions may ensue, republics may
rise and fall; systems of government may bo
erected and destroyed: but never, so long us the
earth rods, will the fool prints which this Con-
gress maires he eradicated from history.
Sir. (here lias never been a day since the
foundation of this Government when all the
candor, the calmness, the deliberation, the
foresight, the wisdom of Congress has been so
imperatively demanded as now. Our fathers
launched forih upon an unknown sea in a ship
of state made without a model, and doubtless
un1 icipated that during (he voyage tempests
miuht arise which would test the strength of
the ship and develop its weakness, if any ex-
isted. and (hat repairs might become necessary.
For man) ) ears propitious winds filled hersails.
breakers and tin* lee slioie never seriously
threatened her ; the waves nevei ruse high
enough to Iieat upon and wrem li from its place
the only faUe and rotten plank which covered
her side. J>ut in the providence of God the
tempest has come, and the rotten plank has
been wrenched from ils place; the old ship
trembled from her rudderio her bowsprit, but,
thank God, she rode nut. the storm, and now she
needs, in mv judgment, some slight repairs.
The plank of slavery is to be replaced by the
p'ank of freedom. We are told that now is
not the time to make repairs; that wo are not
calm enough io do it; that, wo are surrounded
by influences which have excited our passions;
that (he disappointment which has come upon
the majority of this House has unsettled the
raininess of their reason and rendered it im-
possible for them to give that deliberation
which the greatness of this subject, demands.
Sir. a general in time of war and danger is
calmest and bravest ; the sailor may rest in the
calm, but when the storm emm s and breakers
are ahead, every man must be at his post. The
ship must be fared, though here and (here a
sailor loses his hlK
To meet the present condition of things a
great number of amendments have been pro-
posed to the Constitution. Many of them, in
my judgment, are improper, and most of (hem
are entirely useless. A-nd here permit me to
sav, that when an amendment to the Constitu-
tion is proposed, if should receive the candid,
careful, cautious, and thoughtful investigation
of the fb)(iM>. Free, full, fair, open debate
should be allowed. The lash of the pre\jous
qimsf ion should i arely be applied. It is some-
what dangerous e\er to meddle with the great
chart of our liberties. The more wo tamper
with if the loss Miered it seems to be, and no
amendment should be entertained unless under
the piwnf. condition of the country—a con-
dition which our fathers ne\er could have an-
ticipated or provided against—it is impera-
tively demanded.
Now, J have as much reverence fer the old
Constitution as the gentleman from New Vork,
[Mr. Hale.] J luivo as much confidence in it
as he can have; i am as thankful as he is that
it has heretofore wiihMoud all the attacks that
3ia\o been made upon it, that it has carrh d us
tnrough two foreign wais with safety, and that
in aH respects it has protected the liberty of
the citizen, kike the gentleman. I have been
ta,ughl to admire that delicate and proper ad-
justment of the rights and powers of the States
and of the General Government, whereby cen-
tralization, always dangerous to the Republic,
cannot exist on the one hand, and unrestrained
license, because always dangerous to the lib-
erties of the people, cannot exist upon the
other; and hn<1 all the people done right there
would not at this time have been the need for
any constitutional amendments.
faut, sir, through the lust of power the har-
mony of our Government has been destroyed.
Now social and political relations have been^
established. Four million people have been
born in a day. The shackles have been stricken
from four million separate chattels, and they
have becomcin an hour living, thinking, moving,
responsible beings, and citizens of the United
States.
And if Congress does not do something to
provide for these people, if they do not piove
equal to their duty, and come up to their work
like men, the condition of those people will be
worse than it was before. The accumulated
prejudices of centuries, together with' the un-
mitigated wrath of those who have held them
in bondage, but by reason of the rebellion can
no longer hold property in man, will culminate
upon their heads.
And now, sir, what is the duty of the Amer-
ican people toward these men? Is it sufficient
that we have merely knocked (he shackles from
their limbs? is it sufficient that we have made
them freemen and left them cold, hungry, and
naked, without the power of attaining one of
those ei\il natural rights wfeicli make freedom
not only a name but a power? Is that all that
die American Congress and (he American peo-
ple are to do with those people who by the
iesu!l of warand the constitutional amendment
have come forth from a state of bondage into
a plate of freedom ?
Put it may bo paid that all this may be done
by legislation. 1 am rather inclined to think
that the most of it may be so accomplished,
lint the experience of this Congress in that
regard has been most unfortunate. Sir. 1 cast
no imputation upon the President of the Uni-
ted States. I believe him to be honest, able,
and patriotic. And 1 pray God that thescaof
discord may become quiet, and that the Presi-
dent and Congress, acting together, firmly,
manfully, and tor the right, may preserve the
great parly of freedom, upon which, in my
judgment, depends not. only the liberty of the
Kepnblie, but the advancement of free princi-
ples and of Christian civilization throughout,
the world. But inasmuch as the Ptesidenl,
honestly, I ha\e no doubt, 1ms told us that
there wore constitutional difficulties in the way,
i simply seg^est that we submit the proposition
to the people, that they may remo\e these
objections by amending the instrument iuelf.
What is (he object, of tin4 proposed amend-
ment? Jt merely gives the power to Congress
to enact those laws which will give to a citizen
of the United States the natural rights which
necessarily pertain to citizenship. It is intemh d
to enable Congress by its enactments when ne-
cessary to give to a citizen of the United States,
in whatever State he may be, tho^e privileges
and immunities which are guarantied to him
under the < 'onstitution of the United States. It
is intemled to enable Congress to give to all
cit i/eus the inalienable right s of lite and liberty,
and to cmm') citizen in whatever Slate he may
be that pi otectioii* to his propcity which is
extended to the other citizens of the State.
Sir, is there anything anti-republican in this?
Is there anything wrong in this-? Is there any-
thing which interferes with the sovereign power
of a State that adheres to a republican form of
government? Is there not rather in this a tend-
\\ cney to keep the States within their orbits,,
ij and by what the gentleman from New .Jersey
| Mr. iioGKKsJ would call " the organic law/'
insure and secure forever to every citizen of
i the United States the privileges and blessings
: of a republican form of government? There
j, is nothing more, there is nothing less, in this
;; proposition.
lj It does not destroy the sovereignty of a State,
li if sucli a thing exists. It does hot evon affect its
sovereign rights, but merely keeps whatever
sovereignty it may have in harmony with a re-
publican form of government and the Consti-
tution of the country.
- Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WOOD-BRIDGE. No sir; thegentluman
must excuse me, as, J have but live minutes,
and that by courtesy. I believe that this amend-
ment is not only justifiable, but necessary. I
approach an amendment of the Constitution
with as much shrinking and with as much hes-
itation as any man on the floor of this House.
I have the highest opinion of that great charter
which was founded by our fathers.
But, sir. the age is an age of progress. The
conditions of society are different from what
(he fathers anticipated ; and I fully believe that
if we meet the obligations which we owe to the
country, we must pass an amendment of this
or of a similar character.
The adoption of this amendment, Mr. Speaker,
will be no shock upon the present well-arranged
system, defining thepowersofthe General Gov-
ernment and the States, under which we have
so happily lived. The condition of the freed-
men, if nothing else, demands the adoption of
this resolution; and, in my judgment, the peo-
ple will not have done their whole duty until
they see to it that the amendment is adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I approach
the discussion of (his subject, aware that it will
be utterly impossible for me, within the time
allotted me by the rules of the House, to do
justice to the proposition reported by the joint
committee.
3 think, sir, that the honorable gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. \Vooi>bkiijgk] has uttered
wordsihat oughtto be considered and accepted
by gentlemen of the House, when he says that
the action of this Congress in ils effect upon the
future prosperity of (he country will be felt by
generations of men after we shall all have paid
the debt, of nature. I believe, Mr. Speaker, as
I have had occasion to say more than once, that
the people of the United States have intrusted
to the present Congress in some sense the care
of the Republic, not only for the present, but
for all the hereafter. Your committee, sir,
would not have sent to this House for its con-
sideration this proposition but for the convic-
tion that its adoption by Congress and its rati-
fication by the people of the United Slates is
essential to the safety of all the people of every
State. I repel the suggestion made here in the
heat of debate, that the committee or any of its
membeis who favor this proposition seek in any
form to mar (he Constitution of the country, or
take away from any Suite any right (hat belongs
to it, or from any citizen of any Slate any right
that belongs to him under that Constitution.
The proposition pending before the House is
simply a proposil ion to arm the Congress of the
United States, by the consent, of the people of
the United States, w iih the power to enforce the
bill of rights as it stands in the Constitution to-
day. ft k'hath that extent—no more." It is
in these words:
Joint resolution proposals nn amendment to the
Constitution of the I'nitcd States.
| Itfittnlv'l l>u th<v Jlorir of Ucpi csrntatives
j of (If Muffs <>f Auui'vn in Chut})4'"'* niHCtubled,
! ((wo thirds ot hoih 1 loiws coiu-un uiir, > That thefol-
! lovrinv: article be pi opined (o the Legislatures of the
• several St.'te* as an amendment to the Constitution
I oI' the Tinted Slater, which, when ratified by three
: i'ourtlwU the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of Siiul Constitution, uainelj :
Autm'lij —. The Con?ie?s shall have power to
make all ];nvMvhidi shall he neee^=\ny nnd proper
i to secure to the euiz^ns of each State all privileges
1 and immunities of citizens in the several States, and
i to all persons in tlie several States etjual protection
j in the rights ot life, liberty, and property.
| ' Gentlemen who seem to be very desirous
,1 (although it has very recently come to them)
|! to stand well with the President of the United
i! States, if ihey will look narrowlvinto the mes-
! sage which be addressed to this Congress at
| the opening of the session will find that the
! proposition pending is approved in that mes-
| sage. The President in the message tells this
! Rouse and the country that11 the American sys-
I tem rests on the assertion of the equal rig]it of
