2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
the committee of the House did not concur,
tot introduced a provision cutting it down to
ten, whichitseemstome is entirely inadequate.
One word further. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] if he
will accept an amendment by me as a substi-
tute for his. The number of officers of high
rank in all the departments, Quartermaster
General's, Ordnance, Subsistence, and every-
where else, has been very much more increased
than in the Adjutant General's department.
In almost every instance an adjutant general,
either brigadier or major general, is the chief
of staff. An adjutant general on a staff, where
there is no chief of staff by that name, has as
much employment "as a chief of staff. And
if there should be a difference in rank it cer-
tainly should be in favor of rather thau against
the adjutant generals. I think, therefore, that
without increasing the number of officers in
this department there should be a change in
their grades and rank, and I propose, if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer]
will accept the amendment, that the section
shall be made to read as follows:
That the Adjutant General's department shall
hereafter consist of the same number of officers now
authorized by law, and their rankshall beasfollows, j
namely, one adjutant general, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments ot a brigadier genera!; four assist-
ant adjutant general?, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of colonels of cavalry: fivcassistant adjutant
generals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
lieutenant colonels; and ten assistant adjutant gen-
erals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors.
All that that does is to change the rank of
three majors to that of two colonels and one
lieutenant colonel, and that will give an oppor-
tunity for such meritorious officers as Major
Vincent and others, who have done very valu-
able duty during the war. to have some chance
of promotion. It does not increase the num-
ber of officers ; it only changes the grade of
three of the officers in the department. I hope
the gentleman will accept this as a substitute
for what he has himself offered.
Mr. THAYER. I will accept the amend-
ment if the gentleman will strike out the words
'•number of;'' so that it will read :
That the Adjutant General's department of the
Army shall hereafter consist of the officers now
authorized by law,
Mr. BLAINE. Very well; I will do that.
I mean no trick about this matter.
Mr. THAYER. I did not suspect the gen-
tleman of that, and I now accept his amend-
ment, as modified, in lieu of my own.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, we are
told by members of the Committee on Military
Affairs that this change in the name and rank
of the officers in the Adjutant General's de-
partment came to them on the recommendation
of the Quartermaster General. Now, if it came
from the Quartermaster General, as I have no
doubt it did, from the gentleman's statement,
he has certainly been guilty of great weakness,
or else, certainly, of doing great injustice to
his corps. And if the provisions of this bill
are adhered to, when the time comes, I shall
move that the rank of quartermaster general,
which General Meigs has very well for his own
purposes kept in the bill, shall be reduced to
that of chief quartermaster. If we are to have
nothing but quartermasters, then the man at
the head of the department should be chief
quartermaster. But I am sure the House do
not want to do injustice, and that when they
see what the operation of this bill will be, in
law, they will not sustain it.
Ilere we have seventeen officers in the Ad-
jutant General's department who have passed
the best part of their lives there, and nobody
has ever found fault with the way in which they
have discharged the duties of their important
offices. They have been there during the bet-
ter portion of their lives. There is no accusa-
tion against them; no charge. They were
commissioned as what? As assistant adju-
tant gcnu'uls; and if this bill passes those j
men will, ill .-jiite of their services in that de- j
partment and in the Army, under their com-
missions as adjutant generals, by the law
drop out of the service. The office will be
abolished; there will be no such rank in the
'Adjutant General's department, and hence
they will be dropped from the rolls of the Army
without any charges being made against them;
and when everybody knows that they have per-
formed their duties well and faithfully.
Now, I am quite sure, that the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Schexck]
cannot entertain the same view of the opera-
tion of this section which I do; for he is a just
man; and I am sure he does not desire to do
injustice to these men who are valuable to the
Government in the positions which they occupy.
Now, I do say—and I beg the members of
the House to listen to me a moment—-that if
this bill passes in its present shape these sev-
enteen men will, by virtue of its provisions, as
a matter of law, be absolutely and forever,
unless they should be reappointed, dropped
from the rolls of the Army. Who asks that
that shall be done? Who would favor such a
great injustice ? Why, sir, even a reappoint-
ment would not reinstate them, because their
commissions would be dated at the time of
their reappointment, and that would make a
great difference in their pay, their positions,
their rank, and in every way.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaixe,] which has been
accepted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Thayek,] will prevail, because I think it
is just.
Mr. SCHENCK, Mr. Speaker, perhaps it
is not to be wondered at that a bill relating to
the organization of the Army, and therefore
looking to war, should stir up this' House as
this bill seems to do. Gentlemen seem inca-
pable of speaking upon almost any question
connected with the bill without showing a bel-
ligerent state of feeling, at least toward the
committee which has had the honor, in the dis-
charge of their duties to this House, of report-
ing this bill. The bill was framed according
to the best of their ability; a great deal of care
and pains was bestowed upon every part of it,
however unfortunate they may have been in
satisfying the expectations of gentlemen all
around the House.
Now, all I have further to say on that general
point of the course taken by the committee,
shall be this: and I say it now once for all:
when gentlemen on either side of the House
shall see proper to intimate or say that the
Committee on Military Affairs has been cun-
ning, has had sinister purposes, has designed
indirectly to make war upon somebody, I do
not think their impeachment is worthy of being
answered. It is unworthy in them to make
any such imputation, and it is unworthy in us
to reply to it. When gentlemen suspect cun-
ning and sinister motives in others, I am my-
self naturally inclined, although not generally
suspicious, to suspect that it must be because
they derive their conclusions from some con-
sciousness within themselves that tliey would
have been so influenced had they had the same
duty to perform.
Mr. THAYEB. Does the gentleman from
Ohio, in his last remark, refer to anything that
1 have said?
Mr. SCHENCK. So far as the gentleman
said we meant any covert attack upon these
officers. I do refer to him.
Mr. THAYEK. I said nothing of the kind.
Mr. SCHENCK. I so understood the gen-
tleman. If the tenor of his remarks was not
to that effect, then what I have said has no
application to him.
Mr. THAYEK. I certainly intended to make
no reflection upon the committee in anything
that J said. 1 simply argued that the result
of the section which they report in their bill
was to commit an act of "the most gross injus-
tice. But I trust that no one supposed for a
moment that I intended to charge the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs with a deliberate design
to do injustice. Of course every one under-
stands that they fell into this error inadver-
tently. I intended to cast no imputation upon
that committee, and suppose that no one un-
derstood me as intending any.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman had no
such intention, then my remarks are not in the
slightest degree applicable to him. I misunder-
stood him, perhaps, in supposing that he did
impute to the committee a design thus indi-
rectly t > get men out of office.
But we have been charged more than once
in the course of the debate on former days,
if not to-day, with being exceedingly cunning
and sinister in our designs. If we have not
been so charged, then my remarks fall to the
ground. If we have been so charged, then
that is the only reply 1 have to mafce.
Now, in reference to this particular matter,
I am not certain but what in point of law the
gentleman is right, and that this provision as
it now stands would vacate some of these com-
missions. And when my attention was called to
it, after we had adopted this different nomen-
clature for these officers, under the circum-
stances stated by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] I myself prepared an amend-
ment to obviate any such difficulty, and to pre-
vent any such conclusions against these officers.
My amendment was written specially with ref-
erence to the Adjutant General's department,
as I promised it should be, because my conver-
j sation was v ith one connected with that de-
partment, who spoke of this as the probable
I effect of this provision. And I intended,
; should the House agree with the committee in
j simplifying these titles (otherwise it would be
' unnecessary) to move a similar amendment in
i reference to any other department in which the
j titles have been changed. I will read the amend-
1 ment which I have prepared to come in at the
tJnd of this section as a proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this section shall becon-
strued to vacate the commission of any officer now
commissioned as assistant adjutant general, but only
to change the title to adjutant, leaving the same offi-
cer in the same position he held when bearing the
former title.
Now, I repeat, this change of title is a mat-
ter of taste and propriety, more than anything
else; and therefore, if the House should dis-
agree with the committee, I shall not feel dis-
posed to complain. My colleague on the com*
mittee has stated how this change originated—
that the Quartermaster General himself, in the
course of a discussion of all the various matters
pertaining to his department, adverted to the
lumbering titles which attach to the officers of
that department as well as other bureaus or
staff departments. Any gentleman who con-
siders for a moment what those titles are can
satisfy himself whether the complaint of the
Quartermaster General is well founded.
We have a large number of officers—th,ese
seventeen who have been spoken of—who are
called assistant adjutant generals. They are
connected with the Adjutant General's depart-
ment. We thought it would simplify the mat-
ter to provide that, in this great department,
where the adjutancy of the Army is concen-
trated, the subordinate officers should be called
"adjutants" simply, while we provide for two
assistants of the Adjutant General, who retain
the title of assistant adjutant general.
So also, in the quartermaster's department,
we thought that, instead of having a large num-
ber of officers signing themselves '"Deputy
Quartermaster General" and Assistant Quar-
termaster General," it would simplify the mat-
ter to have a Quartermaster General, with two or
three assistant quartermaster generals, to take
his place in his absence or upon an emergency,
and to call the rest simply ''quartermasters,"
some to rank as lieutenant colonels, some as
majors, and some as captains.
The system of having these numerous officers
with these cumbrous titles sometimes leads to
| confusion. I recollect an instance that «c_-
j curred a good many years ago when the title of
I '' Deputy Quartermaster General" had perhaps
\ been recently adopted in the Army. _ A rather
fancy gentleman who held that position, but
whose occupation before he went into the Army
I had been very different, was fond of attaching to
