30Q8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. HOWE. What is the distance over
wliich this mail has been carried?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. My impression is that
it is about two hundred miles on the two routes.
Mr. HOWE. A daily mail?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. No, sir; a weekly
mail, I think.
Mr. HOWE, For how long a time ?
Mr. CONNESS. One year.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. About a year.
Mr. HOWE. I believe it is contrary to the
usage of Congress to allow the heads of De-
fartments to settle such unliquidated claims,
t seems to me we ought to have some limit to
the amount that shall be paid for this service.
It seems to have been a voluntary service. I
should like to know what sort of a community
was supplied by this mail—something about
- the value of it to the public. I should judge
by the statement of the Senator from West
Virginia that itwas an object to the proprietors
of the line to run a coach for the sake of pas-
sengers, and that they were carrying the mail
as a matter of accommodation to somebody.
Who was to be accommodated by it 1 do not
know, for I do not know anything about the
character of the country.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not wish to
press the bill upon the Senate at this time if
they do not feel prepared to act upon it. 1 am
willing to let it go over in order that Senators
may have time to examine it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of the bill be
postpoEed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 15) authorizing documentary evidence
of titles to be furnished to the owners of cer-
tain lands in the city of St. Louis, have in-
structed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it pass, and if there be no
objection on the part of Senators I desire to
have the bill put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, tho bill (II. R. No.
15) authorizing documentary evidence of titles
to be furnished to the owners of certain lands
in the city of St. Louis was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It is recited that within the city of St. Louis
there are many lots, tracts, pieces, and parcels
of laud which were confirmed by the act of
Congress of June 1!>, 1812, on tho ground of
inhabitation, possession, or cultivation of tlic
same prior to December 20, 180.1; that in some
cases there is no adequate documentary evi-
dence of these confirmations; that in conse-
quence of the death of the ancient witnesses,
who knew the facts of inhabitation, possession,
or cultivation, tho owners of these lands, in
cases where there is no adequate documentary
evidence of confirmations, are without com-
plete evidence of title as against the United
States; and that persons holding grants and
confirmations of' lands in St. Louis, under other
acts of Congress heretofore passed, may in
some cases be without perfect documentary
evidence of tliose grants or confirmations by
the United States, and difficulties may here-
after arise therefrom, to the great injury of
such persons; and it is therefore proposed to
enact that the district court of the United
States for tho eastern district of' Missouri may,
by proper decree, declare released, granted,
relinquished, and convoyed by the United
States, in fee-simple and in full property, all
of the right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to any lot, tract, piece, or parcel
of land within the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
to the person or persons having the best claim
or claims to the same; but this is not to author-
ize the court to declare released, granted, re-
linquished, and conveyed any land within any
wharf, street, lane, avenue, alley, or other
public thoroughfare, or within the boundaries
of any land which has heretofore been granted
or assigned by the United States for the use or
snppoi'tof schools, or within the boundaries of
any land heretofore lawfully confirmed or law-
fully granted by the United States, where full,
sufficient, and complete documentary evidence
of such confirmation or grant now exists of
record.
Every person desiring a decree in his or her
favor is to file a petition in the district court,
asking for such decree and describing the land
for which it is desired; and tho United States
and all persons claiming such land adversely
to tho petitioner (if there be any such adverse
claimants) shall be made defendants in tho
cause; and if any party shall be a minor under
the age of twenty-one years, a guardian ad
litem shall be appointed by the court. The
court is to have full and complete power, juris-
diction, and authority to hear, try, and deter-
mine all questions arising in the cause relat-
ing to the claim of the petitioner, the extent,
locality, and boundaries of the claim, and all
other matters connected therewith or concern-
ing it; and also to have power to make, pre-
scribe, and enforcc such rules and regulations
as may bo necessary and proper to carry the
act into full and complete execution. A copy
of every petition, and a copy of the writ or pro-
cess thereto attached, shall bo delivered to the
district attorney of the United States for the
eastern district of Missouri by tho marshal for
that district, which delivery shall make the Uni-
ted States a party to tho cause specified in such
petition, without any other or further proceed-
ings, notice, service, writ, or process; and tho
district attorney is to make such defense for
the United Stales as in his opinion the public
interest may require; but no answer or other
pleadings filed by him in such cause shall be
required to bo verified by oath or affirmation.
For the purpose of more completely describ-
ing, identifying, and defining tho boundaries,
situation, and locality of any lot, tract, piece,
or parcel of land sought, to be released, granted,
relinquished, and conveyed under the act, tho
district court may cause an accurate survey,
plat, and description thereof to be made at the
expense of the petitioner; and all of the ex-
penses and costs of all suits under tho act are
to be paid by the respective petitioners, and
the payment thereof may be enforced by exe-
cution or otherwise. Every decree which shall
be rendered under the act in favor of any peti-
tioner is to be deemed a full, sufficient, and com-
plete release, grant, relinquishment, and con-
veyance, in fee-simple and in full property, to
such petitioner, and to his or her heirs and
assigns, forever, of all of the right, title, and
interest of the United States in and to the land
described in tho decree.
Whenever the district court or (he circuit
court shall render a final decree concerning
any lot, tract, piece, or parcel of land the court
shall cause to bo transmitted to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office a full, true,
and complete transcript of the final decree, and
of tho description or survey of the land. Any
party to any final decree rendered by the dis-
trict court in any suit or cause commenced
under the act may appeal to the circuit, court
of the United States for the district of Missouri,
at any time within one year from tho time of
tho rendition of the final dccree, and not alter
that time ; and on the granting of the appeal,
a full, true, and complete transcript of the final
decree, and of the petition, and all other plead-
ings and proceedings in the cause and of the
evidence therein shall be transmitted to the cir-
cuit court. When the appeal shall have been
completed, the circuit court .-hall have full and
complete jurisdiction over the cause, and may
allow the pleadings to be amended if necessary,
arid may admit new parties if necessary, and
shall hear, try, and determine the cause de
novo, without regarding any error, defect, or
other imperfection in the proceedings of the
district court, and shall render such final de-
cree therein as the facts and the justice of the
cause may require. In ease of any difference
of opinion between the judges of the circuit
court upon any question arising in such cause,
the same may be certified to the Supreme Court
of the United States for its decision thereon as
in other cases.
All the right, title, and interest of the Uni-
ted States in and to all of the wharves, streets,
lanes, avenues, alleys, and other public thor-
oughfares which are situate, lying, and being
within the corporate limits of the city of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, are granted,
relinquished, and conveyed by the United
States, in foe-simple and in full property, to
the city of St. Louis, and to the successors and
assigns forever of that city ; but no individual
rights or titles acquired previously hereto shall
be in any manner impaired or prejudiced hereby.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE KKOM Till! HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R, No.
054) making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for contingent ex-
penses of the House of Representatives of the
United States for the fiscal year ending June
80, 186(5, in which it requested the concurrence
of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the Presidentpro tempore:
A bill (II. It. No. 37) making appropriations
for the support of tho Military Academy for
the year ending the 30th of J unc, 1K07; and
A bill (II. R. No. 459) granting a pension to
Anna E. Ward.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 356) for the relief of the United States Ex-
press Company; which was read twice by its
title and referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 105) authorizing the promotion of
Captain Robert Ritchie to the grade of com-
modore on tho retired list; which was read
twice by its title and refeircd to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
IIOUSK BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 4:38) in relation to the
courts of Washington Territory—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 621) to regulate and secure
the safc-lcceping of public money intrusted to
disbursing officers of the United States—to the
Committee on Finance.
A bill (II. R. No. 054) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the Ilouse of
Representatives of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1806—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 148) to author-
ize tho distribution of surplus copies of the
American State Papers in the custody of the
Secretary of the Interior—to tho Committee
on the Library.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 285.
Mr. SUMNER. How much time will it take?
Mr. HENDERSON. We have had it under
consideration here before, and there is but one
amendment now to consider.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 28">) granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Kansas and Neosho Valley rail-
road, and its extension to Red river. •
