3968
JTHE CONGRESSIO^ALGLOBE.
July 20,
self? Do you Kant to compel the poor me-
chanics to work under this grout, landlord?
That is the idea. that they shall not do anything
on their ov. n hook, and you willgive them no ad-
vantages for doing anything! You are exceed-
ingly frighteufcd at the idea that these poor
men who are skilled to labor may speculate!
You think it is dangerous to give them a chance
to work for themselves and purchase land
for the purpose of erecting buildings upon it
and to lease those buildings or sell them after-
ward ! I say so far, in my judgment, from this
being any objection to this bill, it is highly
meritorious, and there is no possible objection
to it; no evil can arise from it; it will be for
the benefit of the incorporators, and it will be
equally beneficial to those who wish to rent or
occupy buildings in this town. I do not think
there is any objection whatever to that section
Or any other part of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask if the
capital of the company is limited.
Mr. WADE. The capital is limited ; it is
not to be above $oUO.OoO nor under SIlW.OlW
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to inquire whether there is personal
liability of th° stockholders .'
Mr. WADE. I do not think there is any-
thing said about their liability.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I consider all that the
Senator from Ohio has said about the benefit
of the mechanics and of the grinding of them
down as humbug, with great respect to the Sen-
ator. There never was a corporation yet cre-
ated for the benefit of the mechanics, nor for
the benefit of the laboring classes. That is
not the thing that is done. He says we allow
individuals of wealth to buy lands and build
houses. We cannot help that a man accumu-
lates property : and does the Senator consider
it an evil that the land of the country shall fall
into the hands of the few? Does the Senator
consider it an evil that a few should become
the owners of real estate because they are
wealthy? Ihen, shall we increase that evil by
increasing corporations with a capital of half
a million dollars, that they, too, may become
the owners of real estate, that it may fall into
the hands of a corporation for the profit of the
stockholders?
The Senator talks about these mechanics
that are in this bill, these corporators. Does
the Senator know these corporators? Is not
the Senator acquainted with John M. Brod-
head? Is he a mechanic, the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury? Is Moses Kelly a me-
chanic—a man that used to be in the Interior
Department, I believe the Assistant Secretary
of the Interior, now cashier of one of the banks
of this city, the National Metropolitan bank-
is he the mechanic that the gentleman speaks
about? Is Mr. Joseph F. Brown, the richest
man in this city, perhaps, the owner of nearly
all the gas company stock, or very much of it,
a man ot very large wealth—is he the mechanic
that the Senator talks about? Is Mr. B. B.
French, the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Public Grounds, the mechanic that the
Senator is talking about?
1 will ask iiim now, who is the practical
mechanic in this list of corporators that he
talks about anybody wanting to grind down?
I do not want_these men of wealth to become a
corporation for the purpose of buying up on
speculation the lands of the country anywhere.
My judgment is that land ought to be free to
any man that can buy it and wants to go on it.
It is an uiihc-aid-of proposition in tlii-- country.
Tt took the legislation of one bundled years in
England to relieve the real estate of that coun-
try to a little extent from being held in dead
hands, in mortmain. Now. we are going to
continence it here by incorporating a company
to own and spreuiate in, lease and sell real
estate ; and these are the mechanics that the
Senator talks about.
If it i< tin* pleasure of Congress to start out
On this foiirse, t have no special objection, but
I felt it to be my duty to call the attention of
Senators to the ehurar i'-r of the bill. if this
was au incorporated company for the purpose
! of building a large manufacturing establish- |
j ment, we would in express terms say that that |
| corporation should not become the owner of j
; any more real estate than was necessary for
I the purpose of the incorporation ; that is, for
| the purpose of putting up and carrying on their
| manufacturing business, because we are not
j content that the lands shall fall into the hands
; of the speculators of incorporated companies.
| It is against the whole policy of the country.
• I believe it is against the policy of every State,
! and therefore I object to it in this District,
j Mr. WADE. It seems that some of these
| corporators are wealthy men, bankers, and the
j like. Now, I should be very glad to divert
1 some capital from banking purposes to build-
ing improvements. This corporation is lim-
j ited to a capital not exceeding half a million
| dollars and not less than one hundred thousand
' dollars. Overgrown wealthy men of course
| can go into this business on their own hook
; to any extent. This is not like a manufactur-
; ing company, where the corporation is eon-
' fined to the real estate necessary to do that
particular business upon. It is a corporation
■ for the purpose of building houses in this town,
to acquire land for that purpose, and to own it.
Very unnecessarily, to be sure, the bill goes on
; to say that they may lease and let or sell their
; own land and buildings. Of course they could
; do that, whether the bill said anything about it
! or not.
I I cannot see any kind of objection to the
| bill. It is to promote a very laudable business,
I and the individual corporators are made liable
j to the extent of the amount of their stock—
! the usual liability. Ihen it is provided that
I the act of incorporation is subject to be modi-
! lied, repealed, or amended by Congress at any
j time. There is nothing in the bill that is ob-
; jeetionable, in myjudgment. However, Heave
| it to the Senate. 1 do not wish to take up
! time with it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think there is
anything in this bill that we need be alarmed
about. It is intended to correct an evil that
has existed in Washington perhaps always,
certainly a long time before I came here. There
seems to be nobody in this town engaged par-
ticularly in the business of building houses to
rent. The object of these corporators, as I
understand, is to build houses that are comfort-
able for persons of moderate means, and they
propose then to sell them, and the rents which ;
the occupants pay monthly are to go toward I
the purchase. The amount of money paid 1
from month to month as rent is to go to the j
purchase of the building, so that the clerks
and mechanics in this town may ultimately get |
title to the building, when, without an associa- j
tion of this kind, they might pay rent eternally !
and never get a title. The object is to take '
the amount of rent paid, and apply it to the i
purchase money. This is the project these '
persons have in view. I think it is a very good
one. I only fear that it will not succeed, but
if it succeeds it will be a great benefit to those
| of moderate means. I have been paying rent
i here for three or four years past of a most
! extraordinary and exorbitant character. I do
j not see how persons who are living on a salary
] of two or three thousand dollars a year are abie
| to rent comfortable houses in this city.
| Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to ask the Sen-
! ator from Kansas where he gets his informa-
! tion. It is not in the bill, and I understand
| there is no report accompanying the bill show-
[ ing that tlie-;« are the benevolent purposes of
: this corporation. If it becomes a purely be-
; nevolent in-titution, it will be the first cor'pora-
; tion I ever heard of which was of that char-
! actor.
j Mr. POMEROY. I did not put it on the
: ground of a purely benevolent institution. I
: said they proposed to take the rents collected
from month to month and apply them towaid
■ the discharge of the purchase money of the
house rented, and whenever the clerk or me-
chanic, or whoever occupies the house, has
paid enough rent to purchase it he owns it.
There is no such system as that now in exist-
ence here, and I think it is a great improve-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Put in the bill that
they shall do that.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not in the bill, but
I learn this from those who have called on me
to explain the object, and they are gentlemen
of integrity and character, as the Senator him-
self knows.
Mr. HENDRTCTvS. I admit that.
Mr. POMEROY. They do not propose to
swindle anybody. I suppose, of course, they
intend to make something, but only a reason-
able profit, such as men are entitled to who
engage in any kind of business. If by this
system they will be able to furnish homes to
men who can only pay installments month by
month it will be a great thing. I have lived
in communities where men pay rent month
after month for a life-time and never own
anything, whereas if that rent paid from month
to month could have been applied to the pur-
chase of the building they would have finally
found themselves owners of real estate, and
had that comfort in their declining years. That
is the object of this corporation.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendments were concurred in.
I he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading and was read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As this is the com-
mencement of a system, the first bill of the
kind proposing to create a corporation to spec-
ulate in lands, I ask for the yeas and na\s on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall vote for this bill,
first, because the objcct is a laudable one. and
will be very beneficial if carried out according
to the spirit of the bill. I do not think there
is any danger to be apprehended, first, because
the charter may at any time be altered, amended,
or repealed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is taken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh. no: it is in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I heard an amendment
read striking out that provision.
Mr. JOHNSON. One provision of that sort
was stricken out because it was in the bill
twice. In the second place, by the second
section the stockholders are made responsi-
ble for the debts contracted by the company
to the extent of the value of the stock held
by it at the time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Cres-
well, Fessenden, Foster, IlarrK Henderson, Howe,
Johnson, MeDoneall, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Po>ne-
roy, Ramsey, Riddle, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
M'iJley.^Williams, and Wilson—23.
XAYS—Messrs. Backalew, Cowan, DavKDoolittle,
ilendrieks. Lane, Norton, and Stewart—8.
A. TJ ,s K X X—Messrs.Anthony, Brown,Cra^in, Dixon,
Edmunds Grimes, Guthrie, lloward, Kirkwo-.d, Xcs-
nnth, Poland, Saulsbury, .sherman, yprague, Sum-
ner, Wright, and Yates—17.
So the bill was passed.
METROPOLITAN CI.UB.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate bill No. 393.
^The motion was agreed to: and the hill tS.
No. CJ3) to incorporate the Metropolitan Club
ofthe District of Columbia was considered a3
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OEXKilAL HOSPITAL OF Dl.-TUtCTOI- COLL'MltfA.
Mr. W ADE. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 211) to incorpo-
rate the General Hospital of the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the \\ hole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to make, de-
clare, and constitute Joseph Henry, James €.
Hall. Amos Kendall, Thomas Miller. Richard
Wallaoh, (o-orge XV. Itigu'S, Oraflon Tyler,
lb my I). Cooke, D. W. Middleton. Charles
Knap, Benjamin 15. French. James C. MeGuiiv,
Charles II. Nichols, William IS. Todd, William
