1866.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5009
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ Mr. President, I have
some objections to this bill, and if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to hear those objections
now I will proceed to present them. This bill
proposes a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Kansas City to the
southern boundary of the State of Kansas, and
contemplates the extension of the road through
the Indian Territory down to the northern line
of Texas. The question is, under all the cir-
cumstances ought Congress to make this grant
of lands? I think not; but these bills pass so
much as a matter of course in this body that I
am reluctant to say anything: against it. I do
not believe that if Senators understood the
exact force and scope of this bill it would
pass; but I have not much expectation of
eliciting sufficient attention to secure the full
understanding of the measure.
T% the State of Kansas there have been made
the very largest grants of land, I believe, that
have been made to any State in the Union;
and the Senate will be struck by an examina-
tion of the map with the enormous amount of
land that has already been granted to the State
of Kansas. I have a map of the surveys of
that State, upou which are extended the dif-
ferent roads to which grants of laud have
already been made. Senators have but to
examine this map a moment to see how much
of the State remains yet to be granted. It is
not a question of how much is granted, not a
question whether lands ought to be granted,
but whether there is any place left to put a
road upon, and whether there are any lands
remaining to be granted.
Senators will observe that there is already a
grant connected with the Pacific road, starling
from Kansas City, running westwardly through
the extent of the State. That is ten miles on
each side of the road, I believe, and perhaps
twenty. I am not sure.
Mr. POM15KOY. Ten.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ten miles on each side,
and I think then, if for any cause portions of
the lands have been sold or otherwise appro-
priated, the difference may be made up within
a distance of perhaps twenty miles. Then, sir,
there is a grant from Atchison by the way of
Topeka and Council Grove to the southwest-
ern corner of Kansas, being a road extending
from the northeast corner of the State or very
near that, in a southwesterly direction to the
southwestern corner of the State. That is a
grant of alternate sections for ten miles on each
side of the road, and then the difference to be
made up from a larger extent, of country.
Then there is a road from Fort Jttiley, in a
southeastern direction, to a point on the south-
ern boundary, or near that, where that road
will intersect a road for which another grant
has been made. Then there is a grant for a
road from Leavenworth by the way of Law-
rence, thence in a southerly direction to the
southern boundary of the State of Kansas, in
the direction of Galveston bay, in Texas. Sen-
ators have but to look at this map prepared at
the General Land Office to see the extent of
the grants already made to the State, until now
I presume that one half of the vacant lands in
the State of Kansas rate at $2 50 per acre.
The Senator from Missouri takes an interest
in this particular road to which it is now pro-
posed to make a grant, and I presume because
it is proposed to run near the Missouri line.
Now, sir, to understand the claim that Mis-
souri may have upon this particular road I will
call the attention of the Senate to the fact tfiat
there has already been made to the State of
Missouri a grant of lands for a railroad run-
ning in a southwestern direction by Springfield.
That was a grant of alternate sections, as I
recollect, for six miles on each side of the road,
with a right to make up any deficiencies within
a distance of fifteen mites on each side of the
road. That road runs down to the southwest-
ern part of Missouri, takes much of the public
lands in that portion of Missouri lying to the
east of Kansas and near the State lino.
The road for which it is now proposed to
make a, grant to the State of Kansas is to run
39m Ccotg. 1ST SEJS.—No. 189.
from Kansas City in a southern direction to the
southern boundary of the State. That road is
to run almost parallel with a road to which
there has already been a grant made. We have
already made a grant for a road running from
Lawrence in a southern direction to the south-
ern boundary of the State. That road is just
thirty-six miles west from the eastern boundary
of Kansas. A road to which wo have already
made a grant lies just thirty-six miles west
of the boundary line of Kansas; and now it
is proposed to grant lands to construct a road
between that road and the Kansas boundary
line. There is not room between that grant
already made and the eastern boundary of Kan-
sas to make a full grant. By reference to the
map before me it will be observed that the grant
already made extends to within about fifteen
miles of the State line, and it is proposed to
place another grant upon the map of Kansas,
which through its whole extent will lap on the
grant already made, and in that part of Kansas
not leave a single foot of land, I presume, at
$1 25 an acre. I know the Senator from Kan-
sas the other day said that this grant amounted
to but little, perhaps not more than seven or
ten thousand aercs of land in the State of
Mr. POMEROY. Not five thousand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He says not five thou-
sand. Shall Congress pass a bill making a
grant of land where there are not to exceed
five thousand acres of land ? What is the pur-
pose of such a grant? It is really not to en-
dow the Slate and the company with lands,
because there are none to gram, comparatively ;
but it goes before the commercial world as a
grant of land, and gives a credit to the com-
pany to which that company is not entitled ;
and, while there is nothing to grant, it will
enable the company to go into the market and
sell its bonds upon the representation that it
is a land-grant road. That is all the effect it
can have. It will enable the company, as I
think, to impose on the moneyed men of the
country. The admission made by the Senator
that there are not more than five thousand
acres of land in that part of the State of Kan-
sas, is an admission that we ought not to pass
this bill.
1 had a table • the other day showing the
exact amount of land that has been granted
to the State of Kansas, or as nearly as it could
be arrived at, but 1 have mislaid it.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will be found on
page 1GS of the report.
Mr. IfENDRICKS. It is stated there nt
two and a half million acres. That is not tha
table that 1 referred to, which gives the grants
in detail. That two and a half million acres,
as T understand, is independent of the Pacific
railroad'grant, as I think another table shows
that two and a half million acres have been
granted to the roads in Kansas, besides the
Pacific railroad grant, which runs the entire
extent of the State of Kansas, from the east
to the west.
Mr. HENDERSON. That table includes
the Pacific railroad grant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No. The tw© million
and a half of acres do not include the Pacific
railroad grant, as I understand. This is two
and a half million acres granted to the other
roads. Until we know how much is given to
the Pacific railroad wo cannot, say how much
has been granted to the State of Kansas. The
Senator from Kansas says that the State of
Kansas did not receive what was granted to
the Pacific road. Was not that a grant of
land in the State of Kansas to make a very
important railroad through the State : and shall
not the amount of land appropriated for the
construction of a first-class road through her
entire limits be charged to the State of Kan-
sas? That is not to be questioned. Independ-
ently of that magnificent grant to the Pacific
railroad, there have been twoaudahalf million
acres granted to that State. Now it is asked
to make an additional grant, commencing at
Kansas City and running for a distance in a
southwestern direction, and then in a southern
direction, so as to run through the eastern tior
of counties in the State of Kansas.
I have another objection to this grant. I
think it conflicts with a grant already made.
We made a grant on the 3d of March, 1863, to
the State of Kansas to aid in the construction
of a road " from the city of 1 ieavemvorth, by the^
way of the town of Lawrence, and via the Ohio'
City crossing of the Osage river, to the south-
ern line of the State, in the direction of Gal-
veston bay, Texas, with a branch from Law-
rence, by the valley of the Wakarusa river, to
the point on the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
Fe railroad where the said road intersects the
Neosho river," of "every alternate section of
land designated by odd numbers for ten sec-
tions in width on each side of said road and
each of its branches.'' By that act we.granted
the alternate sections to aid in the construc-
tion of a road from Leavenworth to Lawrence,
and from Lawrence to the southern boundary
of the State of Kansas, in the direction of Gal-
veston bay. I ask Senators, what is the mean-
ing of that language in the act of18G3—"from
Lawrence to the southern boundary of the
State of Kansas in the direction of Galveston
bay?" To understand the force and purpose
of that language, it must be considered that at
the time Congress used it it was known to Con-
gress that the State of Texas was constructing
a road from Galveston bay in a northern direc-
tion to the northern boundary line of that State;
and this road to which the grant was made in
1803 is intended to lie the great connecting
road between the Missouri river and the Texas
road ; so that there shall be an entire line of
railroad from Leavenworth, on the Missouri
river, to Galveston bay, in southern Texas.
When completed it will be one of the greatest
lilies of railway in the western country. It will
pass through the great agricultural region on
the Missouri river, and connect with Galveston
bay in the south. Everybody, on a moment's
inspection of the map, will see the importance
of that work; and by the grant of 1803 itivas
the purpose of Congress to facilitate the con-
struction of that great connecting road. !-■ it
now the purpose of Congress by a competing
grant to defeat that great work? It has been
commenced, and through the agency, as I
understand, of the Pacific road, it has been
built from Leavenworth to Lawrence, and sur-
veys have been made south of La.wrence in the
direction of Galveston bay. The purpose of
the company to which the State has transferred
this grant is, as I understand, to prosecute the
work. The grant was made three years ago.
Very little of the work, if any, has been done
south of Lawrence, but the road has been com-
pleted from Leavenworth to Lawrence, and
•.surveys have been made at least for a portion
of the distance from Lawrence toward the
State line.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will inquire of the
Senator what company built the road from
Leavenworth to Lawrence.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 stated to the Senate
a moment since that that portion of the road
from Leavenworth to Lawrcnce had been buift
through the instrumentality of the Pacific rail-
road. It is called the Pacific railroad branch,
I believe. The land grant is to complete that
work from Lawrence to the southern line of
Kansas, to make a connection with the Texas
road so as to reach Galveston bay. Three
years have passed and only the line from Leav-
enworth to Lawrence has been built. It is not
important to inquire whether it has been built
by this company or that company. The only
important inquiry is, has it been built? So
much of the road contemplated by the act of
Congress has already been built, a distance, I
believe, of about thirty miles, and surveys in
a direction from Lawrence south have been
already made. The question that I now pre-
sent to tfie Senate is, is it the purpose of the
Senate to provide for a competing road run-
ning not further', ban thirty miles from the road
to which we have already made a grant? The
northern terminus of the proposed road is
Kansas City, and that is about thirty-six miles
