1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Giinton, Edward Simmg, and Thomas Young,
and their successors in office, a corporation
and body-politic, in law and in fact, under the
name and style of the directors of the General
Hospital of the District of Columbia. The an-
nual income of property held by the corpora-
tion is not to exceed in value the sum of
$25,000. The corporation is to have power to
open and keep a hospital in the city of Wash-
ington for the care of such sick, wounded, and
invalid persons as may place themselves under
its care.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
PROBATE AND RECORDING OF WILIS.
Mr. "WADE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
280.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 289) to provide for
the probate of, and for the recording of wills
of real estate situated in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section two, line six, after the word "re-
ceive" to insert "in addition to after " com-
pensation" to insert "now;" and inline seven
after "law" to insert "a fee of one dollar for
drawing up and recording the order of court
admitting to probate and record each will, test-
ament, or codicil;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all wills,
testaments, and codicils, admitting to probate in the
District of Columbia shall bo forthwith recorded by
the register of wills in said District in a suitable
bound book, regularly indexed, to be kept for that
purpose in his office, and for which the said register
shall receive in addition to tho compensation now
provided by law, a fee of one dollar for drawing up
and recording the orderof court admitting to probate
and record each will, testament, or codicil.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nest amendment was to insert at the
end of section three, "and for cach authentica-
tion under seal of the court he shall receive a
fee of fifty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in section eight,
line five, after the word "provide," to strike
out "and suitably furnish."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line nine, after the word "county," to
insert "and also to fit up and furnish said
rooms, under tho direction of the register of
wills, with everything that may at any time be
required for the safe, convenient, and com-
fortable transaction of the business appertain-
ing thereto."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I had supposed that the
orphan's court now could take the probate of
a will of real as well as personal estate. The
act of Maryland has been so construed as to
give to our orphans' courts tho authority to
take probate, whether the will related to real
or personal estate. But I have not so much
objection to that, because there may be some
doubt about it, and I suppose there is or the
bill would not have been proposed; but I sug-
gest to my friend from Ohio that perhaps he
will find it necessary to amend the fourth sec-
tion of this bill. A copy of the will or codicil
admitted to probate is to be received in evi-
dence ; but in a variety of cases in relation to
wills the authenticity of the paper itself is dis-
puted, whether the alleged testator actually
signed it, and the most material evidence in
relation to a question of that sort is the paper
itself. Now, the fourth section says that" every
will, testament, or codicil which shall have been
admitted to probate shall be held, retained, and
preserved in the office of the register of wills
of said District, and shall not be delivered out
of said office to any person or persons what-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 249.
soever." I am rather apprehensive that that
would place it out of the power of the court
to compel the production of the original paper.
Mr. Wj\DE. I move to amend* the section
by adding "exceptby order of the court."
Mr. JOHNSON. "Before whom the ques-
tion of the authenticity of the will may be
depending."
Mr. WADE. Verywell. They may want it
to authenticate the original will.
The PHESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Ohio repeat his amendment?
Mr. WADE. I move to add to the fourth
section the words "except by order of the
court." I think that will be sufficient.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended -
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read the third time and passed.
COUNTY HORSE RAILROAD.
Mr. WADE. I move to proeccd to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 390.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 380) to incorporate
the Washington County Horse Railroad Com-
pany, in tho District of Columbia. Samuel P.
Brown, Francis Mattingly, Noble D. Lamer,
Marshall Brown, Joseph L. Pearson, and their
associates and assigns, are by the title of the
bill created a body-corporate under the name
of the "Washington County Horse Railroad
Company," with authority to construct and
lay down a double or single track railway, with
the necessary switches and turnouts, in the
county of Washington, commencing'at Bound-
ary street, at its intersection with Fourteenth
street, and along the Fourteenth street road in
a northerly direction to a point where that road
intersects a new road recently opened by the
levy court, and along the new road in an east-
erly direction, to the Seventh street turnpike,
and. along the turnpike in a southerly direc-
tion to Boundaiy street, (but that the consent
of the board of directors of the Seventh Street
Turnpike Company is to be first obtained for
the use of their road,) with the right to run
public carriages thereon, and receiving there-
for a rate of fare not exceeding ten cents a
passenger for any distance on said road.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported an amendment, which was to strike
out section eighteen, as follows:
Sec. 18. And be -it further enaotrd. That, the said
company shall have authority to extend the railway
herein provided for, and to construct and operate
such other passenger railways m tho county of Wash-
ington, outside the corporate limits of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, as the levy court may
conscntto,andtlierightsandi>iivileg,es herein gianled
are extended to such other passenger railways as may
be constructed under this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as am ended
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 559.
The motion was agreed; to and the bill (H.
R. No. 550) to authorize the extension, con-
struction, and use by the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company of a railroad from between
Knoxville and the Monocacy Junction into and
within the District of Columbia was consid-
ered as in Committee of the VV hole. It is re-
cited that the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, incorporated by the State of Mary-
land, are desirous of extending the road au-
thorized to bo built by them b}- an act of the
General Assembly of that State entitled "An
act to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company to build a railroad from a point
on the line of its road between Ivnoxville and
the Monoca,ey Junction, through Frederick and
Montgomery counties, to the boundary of the
District of Columbia, so as to maka a direct
communication with the city of Washington^"
into and within the District of Columbia; and
it is proposed to authorize the company to ex-
tend that road into and within the District of
Columbia, to such point or points, terminus
or termini, as may be agreed upon between
the company and the corporation of Washing-
ton, in respect of a road within the limits of
Washington, and between the company and
the corporation of Georgetown, as respects a
road within the limits of Georgetown. The
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company are au-
thorized to have and exercise the same powers,
rights,, and privileges, and to be subject to the
same restrictions, in the extension and con-
struction of the road, into and within the Dis-
trict as they have, may exercise, or possess, or
are subject to within the State of Maryland,
under and by virtue of. their charter or act of
incorporation from the State of Maryland; and
all the provisions of the several acts of Con-
gress relating to the lateral road authorized to
be built into and within the District of Colum-
bia by an act passed March 2, 1831, and enti-
tled "An act to authorize tho extension, con-
struction, and use of a lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio road into and within
the District of Columbia," and the supple-
ments thereto, be, and they are, declared to
apply to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company so far as they are severally applica-
ble to the location, construction, and use by
the company of the road now authorized to be
constructed into and within the District.
The railroad company are to commence
the construction of this extension of the road
within one year, and complete it within three
years after the passage of the act; and on fail-
ure to do so the privileges granted are to be
forfeited.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise for the purpose of
asking my friend from West Virginia the mean-
ing of the latter part of the seeoud section in
one particular. The section says that the sev-
eral provisions in the act of Congress relating
to the lateral road authorized to be built by
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad by an act. ap-
proved March 2, 1881, giving tho title of the
act, shall be declared to apply to the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad so far as they are severally
applicable to the location and construction
"by said company of the road now author-
ized." My question is, whether that is in-
tended to mean the road to be^ made by the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company under
this act? I suppose it is, but I am not so sure
about it.
_ Mr. WILLEY. I so understand it. The
bill comes from the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have no objection, then,
but I think it is not very clearly drawn in that
respect.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
CHURCH PROPERTY.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 564.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 564) to
annul the thirty-fourth section of the declara-
tion of rights of the State of Maryland so far
as it applies to the District of Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS. What is that article of the
declaration of rights which is to be annulled ?
Mr. WILLEY. I have it here.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will read it.
Mr. WILLEY. It is in these words:
"34. That every gift, sale, or devise of lands to any
minister, public teacher, or preacher of the gospel,
as such, or to any religious sect, order, or denomina-
tion. or to or for tho support, use, or benefit of, or in
trust for any minister, public teacher, or preacher
of tho gospel, as such, or any religious sect, order, or
denomination; and every gift or sale of goods or
chattels, to go in succession, or to take place after tho
death of the seller or owner, to or for such support,
use, or benefit; and also every devise of goods or
chattels to or for the support, use, or benefit of any
minister, publio toaeher, or preacher of the gos el.
