1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28?
best adapted to their situation and best calculated to
promote their interests. The powers they conferred
on this Government were to be exerciscd, by itselt;
.and the limitations of power, if expressed i n genei-al
terms, arc naturally, and wo think necessarily, appli-
cable to the Governmenfcreated by the instrument.
They are limitations of power granted in the instru-
ment itself, not of distinct governments, framod by
different, persons and for different purposes.
"if these propositions be correct, the tilth amend-
ment must be understood" as restraining the power of
the General. Government, not as applicable to the
States."
I read one further decision on this subject—
the case of the Lessee of Livingston vs. Moore
and others, 7 Peters, page 551. The court, in
delivering its opinion, says:
" As to the amendments of the Constitution of tho
United States, they must bo put out of the case,
since it is now settled that those amendments do not
extend to the States; and this observation disposes
of the next exception, which relics on the seventh
article ot those amendments.'*
Wliat have gentlemen to say to that? Sir, I
stand relieved to-day from entering into any
extended argument in answer to these decis-
ions of your corn Is, that although as ruled the
existing amendments are not applicable to and
do notbiml the States, tliey are nevertheless
to be enforced and observed in States by the
grand utterance of that immortal man, who,
while he lived.-stood alone in intellectual power
among the living men of his country, and now
that he is dead, sleeps alone in his honored
tomb by (he sounding sea. 1 reler to that grand
argument never yet answered, and never to be
answered while human language shall be spoken
by li\nu> man, wherein Air. Webster says:
"There is no lamTuaii'e in Hie Ouu-titul ion appli-
cable to a (Mlilederal ion of Slates. If llle Slates In;
puri ie.N s- SIales what .u e ( heir ricdil am! what t hei i
ri'MM'cln eeo\ cnanlsaudsluiphuiousV And where a re
their rights, covenant-, mid stipulations expressed?
Tlie States eilKauc lui not hill;;, they piomise nothing.
In t lie A, tides ot Conlederat ion, they did make prom-
i*'.'-, and did enter inlo en'-'useineiils, and did plight
the 1'a'uh otimeh Slafefor then liiiiillment, hut 111 tho
Constitution then' i- not hint; of I hat kind. The reason
is, lhat sit IheCimsfitiition it lslho people whospcak,
anil not I he Slates." "• '■ ' ' " They addt ess
tin niNrh-e- lo tho Slate* and lo the Legislatures ot'
Slales in Hie l.lll^lla'.'c of iuiuuelion and ptohihifien.
The Cousulutioii utters ils hellers in the name mid
by authority of the people, mid 11 iloe.^not exaitliom
States nuy plighted public I'ailh to uiaiiitam it. l>n
the colli vary, it makes its own preservation depend
on individual duty and individual obligation." i-
11 ■■ " It !aysiLshandouindividua.ldutytmd
individual eouseicnee. 11 incapacitates any man to
Mt in the besishilnri! u[*ii Slate who shall not first
have taken ins solemn oa.th to support the t'ouslilu-
tiou ot I he United Slates. From the obligation of
tin-' no Slate power can discharge him."—o Webster's
p. lil.
Why, 1 nslc. should not the '"injunctions and
prohibit ions," addressed by the people m the
Consiilution lo I lie Slates and the Legislatures
ol Stales, be enlorced by I he people I lirough the
proposed ameiidnieiil ? I>v the decisions read
the people are w ithouL remedy. It is admit-
ted in the argument of Mr. W ebsler, just cited,
that, (lie Stale Legislatures may by direct \io-
lalions of their duty and oaths avoid the re-
quirements of the Constitution, and thereby do
an act which would break up any government,.
Those oaths have been disregarded ; those
requirements of our Constitution have been
broken ; Ihey are disregarded to-day in Oregon ;
they are disregarded to-d.ay, and liavo been dis-
regarded for the last live, (en, or twenty years
in every one of the eleven Slates recently in
insurrection.
The quest ion is, simply, whether you will give
by this amendment to the people of the United
Slates (he pO'Ver, by legislative enactment, to
punish officials of States for violation of the
oaths enjoined upon thorn by (heir Constitution?
That is the question, and the whole question.
The adoption of the proposed amendment will
take from the States no rights that belong to
the States. Tiiey elect their Legislatures ; they
enact their laws for the punishment of crimes
against life, liberty, or propeity; but in the
event of the adoption of this amendment, if
they conspire together to enact laws refusing
equal protection to life, liberty, or property,
the Congress is thereby vested with power to
hold them to answer before the bar of the
national courts for the violation of their oaths
and of tho rights of their fellow-men. Why
should it not" be so? That is the question.
Why should it not be so? Is the bill of rights
to stand in our Constitution hereafter, as in the
past five years within el even State?, a mere dead
letter? It'is absolutely essential to the safety
of the people that it should be enforced.
Mr. Speaker, it appears to me that this very
provision of the bill of rights brought in ques-
tion this day, upon this trial before the House,
more than any other provision of the Constitu-
tion, makes that unity of government which con-
stitutes us one people, by which and through
which American nationality came to be, and
only by the enforcement of which ean American
nationality continue to be.
The imperishable words of Wasliington.ought
to be in the minds of all of us touching this
great question whether the unity of the Gov-
ernment shall be enforced hereafter by just pe-
nal enactments when the Legislatures of States
refuse to do their duty or keep inviolate their
oath. Washington, speaking to you and to me
and to tho millions who are to come after us,
says:
"The unity of tho Government which constitutes
you one people is a miin pillar in the edifico of your
real independence, tliosuppojJ,of your tranquillity at
home, your pcaec abroad, of ycrur safety, of your pros-
pei it y, of that very liberty which you so highly prize."
Is it not essential to the unity of tho people
that the citizens of cach State shall be entitled
to all the privileges and" immunities of citizens
in the several States ? Is it not essential to the
unity of the Government and the unity of the
people that all persons, whether citizens or
strangers, within this land, shall have equal
protection in every State in.this Union in the
rights of life and liberty and property?
Why, sir, what an anomaly is presented to-
day to" the world! We have the power to vindi-
cate the personal liberty and all the personal
rights of the citizen on the remotest sea, under
the frowning batteries of the remotest tyranny
on Ibis earth, while we have not the power in
time ot peace to enforce the citizens' rights to
life, liberty, and property within tho limits of
South Carolina after her State government, shall
be recognized.and her constitutional relations
restored.
1 commend especially to the honorable gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. IIai.k] the paper
issued by his distinguished fellow-citizen, when
lie was acting as Secretary of State for the
United States, (lie lamented Marcy, touching
the protection of the rights of Martin Koszta,
a citizen of the United States, whose rights
were invaded abroad, within the jurisdiction of
the empire of Austria. Commodore Ingraham
gave notice that he would fire upon their town
and their shipping unless they respected (lie
rights of a declared citizen of the American
Republic, You had the power toirnt'orce your
demand. lint you are powerless in time of
peaee, in the presence of the laws of South
Carolina, Alabama, and Mississippi, as Slates
admitted and restored to the Union, to enforce
the rights of citizens of the United States
within their limits.
Do gentlemen entertain for a moment the
thought that the enforcement of these provisions
of the Constitution was not to be considered
essential? Consider the triple safeguards in-
terposed in the Constitution itself against their
denial. It, is provided in the Constitution, in
die lirst place, that, '"this Constitution," the
whole of it, not a part of it, "shall be the su-
preme law of the land." Supreme from the
I'enobscot in the farthest east, to the remotest
west whore rolls the Oregon ; supreme over
every hamlet, every State, and every Territory
of the Union.
As the whole Constitution was to be the su-
preme law in every State, it therefore results
that the citizens of cach State, being citizens
of the United States, should be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States in every State, and all persons,
now that slavery has forever perished, should
be entitled to equal protection in the rights of
life, liberty, and property.
As a further security for the enforcement of
the Constitution, and espedially ofthissacred bill
of rights, to all the citizens and all the people
of the United States, it is further provided that
the members of the several State Legislatures
and all executive and judicial officers, both of _
the United States and of the several States,
shall be bound by oath or affirmation to support
this Constitution. The oath, the most solemn
conjpaet which man can make with his Maker,-
was to bind the State Legislatures, executive
officers, and judges to sacredly respect the Con-
stitution and all the rights secured by it. And
yet there is still another provision lest a State -
Legislature, with the approval of a State Ex-
ecutive, should, in disregard oftheir oath, invade
4he rights of any citizen or person by unjust legis-
lation, violative alike of the Constitution and
the rights secured by it, which is very significant
and not to be overlooked, which is,
"And tha judges of every State shall be bound by
the Constitution of the United States, anything in tho
constitution and laws of auyStatc tothe contrary not-
withstanding."
With these provisions in the Constitution
for the enforcement in every State of its re-
quirements, is it surprising that the framers of
the Constitution omitted to insert an express
grant of power in Congress to enforce by penal
enactment these gYeat canons of the supreme
law, securing to all the citizens in every State
all the privileges and immunities of citizens,
and to all the people all the sacred rights of
person—those rights dear to freemen and for-*
midable only to tyrants—and of which the
fathers Of til® Republic spoke, after God had
given them the victory, in that memorable ad-
dress in which they declared, " Let it be remem-
bered that the rights for which America has
contended were the rights of human nature?"
Is it surprising that essential as they held the
full security to all citizens of all tho privileges
and immunities of citizens, and to all the peo-
ple tho sacred rights of person, that having
proclaimed them they left their lawful enforce-
ment to each of the States, under the solemn
obligation resting upon evdry State officer to
regard, respect, and obey the constitutional
injunction ?
What more could have been added to that
instrument to secure the enforcement of these
provisions of the bill of rights in every State,
other than the additional grant of power which
we ask this day? Nothing at all. And I am
perfectly confident that that, grant of power
would have been there but for the fact that its
insertion in the Constitution would have been
utterly incompatible with the existence of sla-
very in any State; for although slaves might
not have been admitted to be citizens they must
have been admitted to be persons. That is the
only reason why it was not there. There was
a fetter upon the conscience of the nation ; the
people could not put it there and permit sla-
very in any State thereafter. Thank God, that
fetter has been broken; it has turned to dust
before the breath of the people, speaking as tho
voice of God and solemnly ordaining that sla-
very is forever prohibited everywhere within
the Republic except as punishment for crime
on due conviction. Even now for crimes men
may bo enslaved in States, notwithstanding the
new amendment.
As slaves were not protected by the Consti-
tution, there might be some color of excuse for
the slave States in their disregard for the re-
quirement of the bill of rights as to slaves and
refusing them protection in life or property;
though, in my judgment, there could be no pos-
sible apology for reducing men made like them-
selves, in tho image of God, to a level with the
brutes of the field, and condemning them to
toil without reward, to live without knowledge,
and die without hope.
But, sir, there never was even colorable ex- •
cuse, much less apology, for any man North or
South claiming that any State L'egislature or
State court, or State Executive, has any right
to deny protection to any free citizen of the
United States within their limits in the rights
of life, liberty, and property. Gentlemen who
oppose this amendment oppose the grant of
power to enforce the bill of rights. Gentlemen
who oppose this amendment simply declare to
