2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
citizens of Hatfield, Massachusetts, for same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of John T. Fitch, and 25 others,
citizens of Hatfield, Massachusetts, for same pur-
pose.
By Mr. WISDOM: The petition of C.B. Uughson,
and 51 others., citizens of Minnesota, asking an in-
creased duty on wool.
By Mr. WRIGHT: The petition of W. A. Brmtz-
inghoffer, and others, dealer? in leaf tobacco and
manufacturers of cigars, for increase of duties npon
imported cigars.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 20, 18G6.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. IT. Gbay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of so much
of the Winnebago and Superior railroad as
extends from Doty's Island to Stevens Point;
which was referred" to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the petition of
George F. Sherman, and eighteen ■ others,
weighers of the customs in the port and district
of New York, soliciting an increase of com-
pensation from 81,-185, the sum they now re-
ceive, to S2.5G0 per annum, setting forth the
reasons which, in their opinion, sustain the
fairness and justice of their request. I move
that it lie referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition
of Andrew Branstetter, praying that a pension
be granted him ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I present
the memorial of miners and smelters of copper
ores in two or three of the States. They state
. that they invested large amounts of money in
the erection and conducting of their copper
mines and works at a time .when copper ores
weie free of duty, and they ask, therefore, that
they should be relieved from the duty on cop-
per ore?, and for a protective duty on ingot,
pig. cake, bar, or other copper of five cents per
pound. Ihey state the reasons for it as suc-
cinctly as I could state them. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of so much
of the Winnebago and Superior railroad as
extends from Doty's Island to Stevens Point;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Margaret Kaetzel, praying for an appro-
priation for the support of herself and family,
alleging that, by reason of the death of her hus-
band, who was killed on the 5th day of April,
1805, by the premature discharge of a cannon
which was being used in firing a salute by order
of the Secretary of War in honor of the capture
of Richmond, she has been deprived of her
support, asked to he discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs^ and the Militia, to whom was
referred a hill (S. No. 208) to prevent and
punish the manufacture andnse of false, forged,
or counterfeited brands, stamps, dies, or sten-
cils, askod_ to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary ; which was agreed
to.
.Mr. WILSON. 1 am also directed by the
srme commi■ tee. to whom was referred a'joint
lv-wluUon :S. si. i\o. r-7! to provide for the
election <>: I :j .r>r,r buildings at the Schuylkill
ars'-!):il. tic >r i'rr.wde'plmi. to report it without
ameiidmeu;. There are some letters and esti-
mates with the bill which I should like to have
printed. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
to report back the joint resolution (H. E. No,
107) for the relief of Rev. Harrison Heermance,
late chaplain of one hundred and twenty-eighth
regiment New York volunteers. This is a
House joint resolution, and was recommitted
to the committee the other day for the purpose
of having a report of" the facts in the case.
The committee find that a report was made in
the House of Representatives. I should like
to have the resolution put on its passage now.
I think it is right.
The PRESIDENT tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution on the day it is reported.
Mr. CLARK. I ask that it may be read at
large, so that we may see what it provides for,
before unanimous consent is given.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall be allowed
to get through with the reports of committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution lies over under
the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY, fiom the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
W iliiam Cook, praying for compensation for
the use by the Government of a lot of land
owned by him in the city of Washington, being
lot No. 42. in square No. l<-i, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 277) for
the relief of William Cook. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John II.
Crowell, captain and assistant quartermaster
of volunteers, praying that, the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury may be authorized to allow
him a credit of S250 in the settlement of his
accounts, reported a bill (S. No. 278) for the
relief of Captain John H. Crowell, assistant
quartermaster in the LTnited States Army ;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (II. R. No. 317)
for the relief of R. L. B. Clarke, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of loyal citizens of Lou-
don county, Virginia, praying for compensation
for property destroyed by fire, and for live stock
taken for the use of the Army or sold for the
benefit of the United States by order of General
Sheridan, reported a bill (S. No. 270) for the
relief of loyal citizens of Loudon county, Vir-
ginia ; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 225) to aid in the eonstruction'%f a south-
ern branch of the Union Pacific railway and
telegraph, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes, have had the same under considera-
tion, and have directed mo to report it back,
and to ask that they be discharged from the
further consideration of it, on the ground' that
the committee are of opinion that no further
pecuniary obligations ought to be assumed by
the Government to aid ill the construction of
branches of the Union Pacific railroad.
The report was agreed to.
WESTERN PACIFIC liAILUOAD.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. <>1) to extend the time
for the construction of the first section of the
Western Pacific railroad, have had it under
consideration, and have directed me to report
it back to the Senate with amendments; and
they ask that it may receive the present con-
sideration of the Senate. Tt is a very short
joint lesolution, and I hope the Senate will
consent to act upon it at once.
By unanimous consent, the Seriate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which proposes to
extend the time for the construction of the
first twenty miles of the Western Pacific rail-
road to the 1st day of November, 3807.
The first amendment of the committee was
to strike out "November" and insert ''Janu-
ary."
The amendment was agreed to.'
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the resolution the following:
But this extension is upon the condition to be ac-
cepted by said company, and noticc of such accept-
ance to be given by them to tho Secretary of tho
Interior, that the lands known as the lands of tho
ex-mission of San Joao, as included in the map and
survey thereof made October, 18(51, by E. H. Dyer,
deputy United States surveyor, shall not be included
in the grant heretofore made to the said Western
Pacific Railroad Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments
were concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
. MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of tho Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 134) to regulate the terms
of tho United States courts in the eastern dis-
trict of Now York, and for other purposes ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 278) in amendment of the
several acts relating to th e organization of the
Pension Office.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the amendment
of the House to the bill (S. No. 89) to issue
American registers to the steam vessels Mich-
igan and Despatch, with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
EXltOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Tho message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled joint resolutions ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore, of the Senate:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 88) expressive
of the thanks of Congress to Major General
Winfield S. Hancock ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) appoint-
ing managers for the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
RESCUE 01? TIIE SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. ul. It will take but a few
moments and it is rather importan t that it should
be acted on promptly.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 31) manifesting the sense
of Congress toward the officers and seamen of
the vessels, and others, engaged in the rescue
of the officers and soldiers of the Army, the
passengers, and the officers and crew of tho
steamship San Francisco, from perishing with
the wreck of that vessel, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It will be a request to the President of the
United States to procure three valuable gold
medals, with suitable devices, one to he pre-
sented to Captain Croighton, of the ship Three
Bells, of Glasgow; one to Captain Low, of the
bark Kilby, of Boston: and one to Captain
StoufFer, of the ship Antarctic, as testimonial
of national gratitude for their gallant conduct
in rescuing about live hundred Americans from
the wreck of the steamship San Francisco.
Mr. JOIIXSOX. 1 propose to amend tiio
resolution by adding the following as an addi-
tional section:
Aiirlhr ,'r fvrthr,■ That a sum not excccd:!
' i'i.Imi i~ hetf-liy appropriated, out of any money in
i !!?■:;r;.- not otherwise a-ppropiuUed, to enable the
the Ih evident to reward, in such manner a  lie may
