26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
provision which, by law, excludes those eleven
States from, their representation in the Union.
Sir, pass that resolution as it stands, and let it
receive the signature of the President, and you
have accomplished what the rebellion could not
accomplish, what the 'sacrifice of half a million
men could not accomplish in warring against
tlus'Sovernment—younave dissolved the Union
by act of Congress. Sir, are we prepared to
sanction that? I trust never.
The Senator from Michigan talks about the
status of these States. He may very properly
raise the question whether they have any Legis-
latures that are capable of electing Senators to
this body. That is a question of fact to be con-
sidered ; but as to whether they are States, and
States still within the Union, notwithstanding
their civil form of government has been over-
turned by the rebellion and their Legislatures
have been disorganized—that they are still
States in this Union is the most sacred truth
and the dearest truth to every American heart,
and -it will be maintained by the American
people against all opposition, come from
what quarter it may. Sir, the flag that now
floats on the top of this Capitol bears thirty-six
stars. Every star represents a State in this
Union. I ask the Senator from Michigan, does
that llag, as it floats there, speak the nation's
truth to our people and to the world, or is it a
hypocritical, flaunting lie? That flag has been
borne at the head of our conquering legions
through the whole South, planted at Vicksburg,
planted at Columbia, Savannah, Charleston,
Sumter; the same old flag which came down
before the rebellion at Sumter was raised up
again, and it still bore the same glorious stars;
"not a star obscured," not one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Were not some of those
stars obscured?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir. Those people
have been disorganized in their civil govern-
ments in consequence of the war; the rebels
overturned civil government in the first place,
and we entered with our armies and captured
the rebellion; but did that destroy the States?
Not at all. We entered the States to save
them, not to destroy them. Our 'constitutional
duty is to save them, and save every one of
them, and not to destroy them. The guarantee
in the Constitution is a guarantee to the
States, and to every one of the States, and
the obligation that rests upon us is to guar-
anty to South Carolina a republican form of
government as a State in this Union, and not
as a Territory. The doctrine of the territorial
condition of these States, that they arc mere
conquered, subjugated territories, as if we had
conquered Canada or Mexico, will not stand
argument for a moment, it is utterly at war
with the ground on which we stand and have
stood from the beginning. 'The ground we
occupied was this: that no State nor the peo-
ple of any State had any power to withdraw
from the Union. Tliey could not do it peace-
fully; tlicy undertook to do it by arms; we
crushed the attempt; we trampled their armies
under our feet; we captured the rebellion; the
States are ours; and we entered them to save,
and not to destroy.
Mr. President, I do not wish to be drawn
now into the discussion of these questions at
length. 1 may have an opportunity on some
other occasion to do so. I simply now am
stating the objections which I had to this reso-
lution as it came from the House of Represent-
atives. It degrades the Senate ; it robs it ol'its
constitutional power ; it puts the control of a
question which is exclusively ours into the
hands of the othgr House; it dissolves the
Union by law of Congress.
Mr. President, I have no idea the House of
Representatives had any such intention. I am
bound always to speak with respect of the
House of Representatives and of the intentions
of that body. I simply say 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Chair
Will suggest that it is not within the rules of
order for the proceedings of the House of
Representatives to be discussed here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Would it be in order
to make a statement that the resolution was
passed without debate in the other House?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is all I designed
to say, that it passed that House without de-
bate., I do not mean any disrespect to the
Hou'se.
■fiut, Mr. President, there was another assem-
,wage in Washington which took place not long
since, and whose proceedings are published to
the world and known of all men, of which I
suppose I can speak with entire freedom; I
refer to a certain assemblage whose proceed-
ings are published as the proceedings of a cau-
cus of gentlemen in the city of Washington. I
suppose no rule of the Senate requires' me to
speak in any other terms of those published
proceedings than to speak the truth. To 1hat
I am willing to be bound. By the published
proceedings of that assemblage, it would scem
that on a Saturday night, without any discus-
sion whatever, a certain resolution, which reads
word for woid just like this resolution which is
sent here from the House of Representatives,
was adopted in that caucus under the leadership
of a cert ain gentleman—I will not speak of him
as a member of the House, but as a man known
to history—who resides in the State of Penn-
sylvania.
I refer to Hon. Thaddeus Stevens. His his-
tory is known to all men ; and one thing we
know of him certainly, that he is most bitterly,
uncompromisingly hostile to the policy of the
present Administration on the subject of re-
construction. He goes with him who goes the
farthest, holding that even the State of Ten-
nessee is an alien State at war with the United
Stales; and if I am not misinformed, in the
convention at Baltimore, which nominated
Messrs. Lincoln and Johnson for President and
Vice President, he objected to the nomination
of Andrew Johnson because ho was an alien
enemy ! Sir, 1 have seen nothing in the his-
tory of that gentleman to lead me to suppose
that he has in any respect changed his opin-
ions, for it is not long since we read a-speech
of his delivered in the State of Pennsylvania,
marked with his usual ability, with his great
boldness, with that cool assurance which some-
times almost rises to the sublime, in which he
proposed, if I do not mistake, almost the en-
tire and universal confiscation of the whole of
the southern States.
Now, Mr. President, of the doings of that
assemblage in connection with the resolution I
feel at perfect liberty to speak without violating
the rule-! of this House. I will not speak with
disrespect even of that assemblage ; I have not
done so; I do not intend to do so. 1 simply
say that within three minutes, by the clock, after
the hour when that- assemblage was called, Thad-
deus Stevens had moved his committee on res-
olutions and was withdrawing with his commit-
tee from the body to make his report, and within
ten minutes, with out any discussion, without any
consideration whatever, it was by that cool tact
and talent of his pressed through the body and
declared to be unanimously adopted. Why this
hot haste, sir? What necessity of this hot haste?
Who does not know that the leader of that as-
semblage did not desire to wait, nor did he dare
to wait, until the President had spoken to the
country in his annual message.
The Constitution of the United States re-
quires the President from time to time to give
to Congress information of the state of the
Union. Who has any light to presume that the
President will not furnish the information. which
his constitutional duty requires? He has at his
control nil the agencies which arc necessary.
There is the able Cabinet who surround him,
with all the officers appointed under them: the
postmasters under the Post Office Department,
the Treasury agents- under the Treasury De-
partment. and almost two hundred thousand
men under the control of the War Department
in every part of this '•di->Mfeeted'' region, who
can "bring to the President information from
every quarter of all the transactions that exist
there. Why, I ask, had this assemblage the
right to presume that the President would not
furnish the information which the Constitution
required? Sir, we are here claiming to be the
friends of the late lamented President, and the
friends of him npon whom by his death^ the
responsibilities of power have fallen. We aided
in their election. They were nominated at
Baltimore after the great experiment of recon-
struction had already begun. Mr. Lincoln had
already for months, for almost a year, been
pursuing substantially the same policy of re-
construction which has since been followed by
his successor. Andrew Johnson was himself
one of the agencies which had been employed
by Mr. Lincoln in the State of Tennessee in
the hope of restoring civil government there;
and it was under these circumstances, not with
the approval of all men at Washington, but
with the approval of the great masses of the
people of this country, that Abraham Lincoln
was renominated as President, and- that An-
drew Johnson was nominated to be Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, and they were tri-
umphantly indorsed and sustained by the peo-
ple ; and 1 tell Senators now, in my opinion—I
speak with all respect to other gentlemen—
that the President of the United States will be
sustained, in the views which he takes in his
message, by the people of this country is as cer-
tain as the revolutions of the earthand it is
our duty to act harmoniously with him, to sus-
tain him, to hold up his hands, to strengthen
his heart, to speak to him words of faith, friend-
ship, and courage.
Mr. President, I know that in all these south-
ern States there are a thousand things to give
us pain, .sometimes alarm, but notwithstanding
the bad appearance which from time to time
presents itself in the midst of that boiling cal-
dron of passion and excitement which the war
has loft still raging there, the real progress
which we have made has been most wonderful.
1 say to you, Senators, it ismydeliberateopin-
ion that if, when we adjourned last spring, an
angel from the skies could have come down
here and told us that at our meeting now, our
country woiild'be in so hopeful a condition as
it is, wo would not have believed it; it would
have been beyond our credence, beyond our
belief. I am one of those who look forward
with hope, fori believe Cod reigns and rules in
the affairs of mankind. I look beyond the ex-
citement of the hour and all the outbreaking
passion which sometimes shows itself in the
South, which leads them to make enactments
in their Legislatures which arc disgraceful to
themselves, and can never be sanctioned by the
people of this country, and also in spite of all
the excitement of the N orth, I behold the future
full of confidence and hope. We have only to
come up like men, and stand as the real friends
of the country and the Administration, and give
to the policy of the President a i'air and sub-
stantial trial, and all will be well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I am
very sorry that this debate lias sprung up. I
think it exceedingly out of place, with regard
to the manner in which it has been conducted,
and sonic of the topics which have been spoken
of. 1 do not, in saying this, wish to be con-
sidered as finding fault with any gentleman,
because every Senator must judge l'or himself
as to what it is advisable for him to say, and it
is not for any other Senator to arraign him on
that point. But it sometimes happens that
things which are foreign to the question are
said which ought- not to be suffered to pass
without a little comment.
Now, sir, allow me to say that when this
resolution was first promulgated in the news-
papers as having been agreed upon, I uppi'o\ ed
it because I sympathized with its object and
purpose. I did not examine it particularly;
but, looking simply at what it was designed for,
it met my approbation simply for this reason:
that this question of the readmissiou, if you
please to call it i-o, (it is not worth while >o stand
about words,) of these confederate States, so
called, and all the questions eoniK eted with that
subject, 1 conceived to be of infinite importance,
requiring calm and serious consideration, and
