3010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
from Lawrence; and that is the greatest distance
that these two roads can be apart at any one
point; and then at the southern boundary of
Kansas this bill provides that there shall be a
junction of the two roads. Then we shall have
two roads progiessing at the same time: the
one from Lawrence to the south line of the
State of Kansas, and the other from Kansas
City, a distance of thirty-six miles, according
to the public surveys, csfaiing down until it
joins the road to which we have already made
a grant, their greatest distance apart being
thirty-six miles, and forming a junction at the
south line. How far 
Mr. HOWARD. I believe the morningliour
has expired, and I must therefore take the lib-
erty of calling up the unfinished business of
yesterdav.
Mr. POMEROY. _ I should like to have a
vote taken 011 this bill, if possible. We have
had it before us for three days, and I should
like to dispose of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill will have to
be discussed to some extent.
ThePRESIDENTjpro/empore. The morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
special order laid aside informally for a few
minutes until wo pass this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt the hon-
orable Senator would like to have it laid aside,
but I am of a different opinion, and therefore
I must insist on proceeding with the order of
the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House joint
resolution No. 127 is now before the Senate,
and upon that, joint resolution the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled to (ho floor.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (II. U. No. 127) proposing an amendment,
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Williams, to strike out the sec-
ond section and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
Rkc, 2. Ke.prestmtfttives.sluillbo apportioned am cms?
tlio several States according to tlleir re.spoetivonum-
bors, eountniK I lie wholo number (if persons in each
Htato, excluding Indians not taxed. Jiut whenever
the rirdit to voir, itt, any election held under theCon-
stitulion iind laws ot' tho United States, or of nny
SI lite, is denied to liny of tho unilo inhabitants of
Midi Sj.ile, beiiiu (wenty-ono years of use nnd citi-
zens of the I! it it ed Hht le.s, or in nny way ubi idi?ed, ex-
cept for part iei pat ion in rebellion or oilier en mo. the
basis of representation therein shall bo reduced in
tin, propnitum which tho mimbcrof such male eiti-
vens shall hear to tho whole number of male citizens
twciily-otio j ears of hro in such State.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate for nearly
four hours. [His speech will be found in the
Appendix. ]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Tf no gentleman de-
sires to speak, [ was requested by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson'] lo take the
floor for him, as he wishes to address the Sen-
ate on the question ; and unless some gentle-
man proposes to address the Senate now 1 will
move ati adjournment.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of tho Senator
from Indiana if he will not withdraw that
motion and let us come to a vote on the
amendments. We perhaps can take a vote
on the amendments without debute, and then
go on with the debate on the resolution in the
morning, and thus save a little time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does tho
Senator from Indiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to adjourn is withdrawn, and the question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] to strike out the
second section of the resolution and insert a
substitute.
Tho question being put, the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask for a division.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
declared it carried.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask for a-division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those in
favor of the amendment will rise.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say just
one word before the division. I will not take
up any time. The object of this amendment
is to secure nothing more nor less than is se-
cured by the second section of the original
proposition, and it is not pretended by any
gentleman that it will accomplish anything
additional to what is included in the section
as it now stands. I will state a fact in refer-
ence to my own State, and then the Senate
can do with it what it chooses.
This amendment reads:
But whenever the light to vote at any election
heid under tho Constitution arul laws of the United
States, or of any State, is denied to any of tho male
inhabitants ot such State, <fcc.
Now, we have in our Stale an election for
school directors, a general election held in
every municipal township throughout the State
of Missouri, at a certain time. At that elec-
tion there are qualifications prescribed that
we deem absolutely essential to keep up the
common-school system in our State. For in-
stance, property holders only vote for school
directors, becuusc the tax for building the
school-houses is only imposed on pioperty
holders. There is an election also for school
trustees. The school directors divide the con-
gressional townships into districts for school
purposes, and those trustees are elected by the
persons who have children to send to school.
Now, it'it be intended to exclude all persons
who cannot vote at those elections from the
basis of representation, 1 apprehend that not
only will the negroes of my State be excluded
under the proposed amendment, which will
lose us a member in Congress, but it will ex-
clude two thirds of the whites of the State of
Missouri. I desire to know whether any such
construction can be given to this proposition.
It has been said, in reply, that S he proposition
as if now stands is subject to the same objec-
tion. I think not; because no court will con-
strue, and Congress cannot possibly construe,
the moaning of "the elective franchise," as
aeuerally used, to apply to such elections as
that. 1, at least, prefer the language of the
original section to this amendment. I do not
want lo put myself in the way of what has been
determined by the committee; bin, I do not
desire to vote for a proposition that a sound
and reasonable argument can be made against.
1 see no use of it. We do not accomplish any-
thing whatever by it. Of course it may be left
lo Congress hereafter to say, under tho section
as it. now stands, whether the elective fran-
chise" lias been refused or not, and of course
they will apply it to the general elections for
political oiliees. But the language of this
amendment is, "whenever the right to vote
at any election." That language is not used
in the original section. There is an flection in
my State where individuals are denied the right
to vote unless they have a property qualifica-
tion. The section which it is now proposed
to strike out and to put this in lieu of it does
not contain this objectionable language. It
does not say "at any election.'' Therefore
the inference will be that, it, applies only to those
general clci tions at, which political officers arc
elected, members of the Legislatuie, Governor,
judges, &c. I prefer that this amendment
should not be adopted. 1 do not think it ought
to be tho desire of members of the Senate lo
put any gentleman in an indefensible position
in his own State where tho laws of his State
are of such a character that he cannot defend
himself against a reasonable, rational opposi-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is in error
in one particular, in saying that there was no
difference between this amendment and the
section as originally reported.
Mr. HENDERSON. In design.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no difference
in design ; but the difficulty is, that as origin-
ally reported the provision was, in my judg-
ment, and in the judgment, of others, quite
imperfect, for this reason: its language was,
"if the elective franchise shall be denied orin
any way abridged." The preceding clause was
that " Representatives shall be apportioned" in
such and such a manner. The subject-matter
of the clause is simply the apportionment of
Representatives in Congress. Then it goes
on to say, "if the elective franchise shall be
denied." Itisa very common and well-received
rule of construction that the words in a sen-
tence must, if they can be naturally, limiled
to the subject-matter of the provision itself.
Therefore it might be held, and in my judg-
ment it might be properly held, as the section
stood originally, that if the elective franchise
was granted in the election of Representatives
to Congress nnd denied in everything else, that
denial in everything else would not have any
effect, on the basis of representation, and un-
der that construction the provision would not
accomplish the purpose which was designed,
because it was designed to cover the whole;
and therefore it became necessary to change
the language. The committee decided that it
was advisable to change the language, and we
decided on the language that is found in the
amendment now before us. If other language
can be found that is unobjectionable, and that
would cover it, of course we are not particular
about that.
I do not think the amendment is open really
to the objection that my friend has stated. It
is intended to cover tho election of officers
generally: but if all those arrangements which
are made with reference to minor matters are
looked to, it would be impossible absolutely
to give it any practical effect, because you never
could tell what the numbers were that were dis-
franchised, if you please to call it disfianchise-
mcnt, by any provision of the kind that he
speaks of. 1 f it would be held to apply to the
election in school districts of school officers,
1 do not see why, by the same rule, it would
not, apply to the election of directors in banks
or oilier corporations in the States, and cer-
tainly it never would be carried to that extent.
The words must have a reasonable construc-
tion always, and a reasonable limitation.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will it apply to the
election of city officers under the amendment
as it now stands?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would lo
municipal officers.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then why would it
not apply to the election of a township officer,
because that is still larger?
Mr. CLARK. Is it a political office? I do
not think a school director is.
Mr. HENDERSON. The mayor or recorder
of a city is not a political office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A municipal officer is
a term very well understood. I think il would
be a matter of difficulty, not to say impossi-
bility, to carry it out with reference to finding
out who were disfranchised in such elections
as I he Senator speaks of, and I do not think
this proposition could be held to apply to such
elections at all. I do not believe it will be
attended with any difficulty. At any rate, to
meet the object, we could not devise a better
form of words than we have. I know I worked
on that second proposition until my head got
so thoroughly muddled with it that 1 would
not attempt to make another.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose it is in order
lo Tmiend the proposition before it is acted
upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the Sen-
ator had better let it be adopted, and then he
can move his amendment when we come into
the Senate, and he will have an opportunity to
deliberate upon it in the mean time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to take
any time about it, but my objection is a serious
one, and I am in earnest about it. It is a
thing that I really think ought to be attended to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not seem to be
making any progress, and there is some mis-
understanding as to what the precise meaning
