3970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
„„   r any religions sect, order, or denomina-
tion, without the leave of the Legislature, shall.be
void: except always any sale, gift, lease, or devise
of any quantity of land not. exceeding two acres, fur
a '.-hurt'i], meeting. or other house of worship, andfor
a Imryiiipc-stround, which shall be improved, enjoyed,
or used only lor such purpose, orsuch sale, gift, lease,
or devise shall be void.''
The act of 1801, concerning the District of
Columbia,"' contains this clause: ••That the
laws of the State of Maryland, as they now ex-
ist, shall be and continue in force in that part
of the said District which was ceded by that
State to the United States." When this biil
was originally introduced, in a conference with
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson',] he
suggested that perhaps there ought to be some
limitation upon gifts and devises for religious
uses. It was concluded between us that it
would be better for him to introduce an inde-
pendent bill defining exactly what the extent
of these gifts and devises should be. The spe-
cial object of this bill is to allow an old gen-
tleman in his declining years to make a dona-
tion of some ten or twelve thousand dollars for
the purpose of building a Presbyterian church,
and under the law as it now stands he cannot
do it. In the meantime the Senator from Mary-
land proposes to introduce a bill which shall
provide all necessary guarantees better than
can be done by any amendment of thi? bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to inquire when the con-
templated bill restricting the amount of such
devises will be introduced. I suppose it ought
to be contemporaneous with, the repeal of this
clause in the bill of rights of the constitution
of Maryland in its application here. I think
that it is the policy of our country in all the
States to restrict the amount of this class of
devises that are interdicted by this clause of
the bill of rights of the State of Maryland. I
think there ought to be no interregnum in the
law or regulation which restricts the amount:
no unreasonable interregnum at any rate. I
should think it might be attended to at this
session.
Mr. WILLEY. The honorable gentleman
from Kentucky can at any time—and he is
most competent to do so—-introduce a bill on
the subject. I understood from the Senator
fiom Maryland that he would avail himself of
his leisure and convenience to introduce a bill
to that effect. The passage of this bill at this
time can have no evil effect, because no danger
can accrue before a bill of the character sug-
gested by the Senator from Kentucky can be
introduced and passed. For myself 1 see no
necessity for .such a bill in this country under
our existing laws.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not my duty to introduce
any such bill as that. It appertains to the hon-
orable Senator himself as a member of the com-
mittee that reported the bill to abrogate this
section of the bill of rights of the constitution
of Maryland. I do not agree with the honor-
able Senator in the opinion he has expressed
that there is no need of such an interdiction
upon the amount of devises to religious asso-
ciations in this country. We know the extent
to which such devises reached in past centuries
in England, and there is a very considerable
tendency in this country to the aggregation of
large amounts of real estate in incorporated
religious bodies and churches. It certainly is
a feature in the policy of the United States in
all the States to interdict, or at least to impose,
restrictions upon the value and extent of such
devises. T hold myself that there is no policy
more obviously right, and I have no doubt that
a perfect license to make such devises would,
in the course of a generation or two, produce
evils of the greatest magnitude and mischief
within our country.
Now, what does this bill propose? Here is
an interdiction by the fundamental law of the
of Maryland upon such devises, wholly,
i h(ii(". e. I would not myself be in favor of
t!, i/i interdiction of such devises, but would
want then i -tricted to a reasonable amount in
YaUtcaiid uuat.iiiv. It certainly isfitandproper,
and not only that, but the duty of the commit-
tee, that it introduces a bill for the purpose of
abrogating the total restriction, to continue it
at least to a reasonable and politic extent.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 should think it, sir,
very extraordinary if such a prohibition has
continued in tho constitution of the State of
Maryland. I think it would be rather remark-
able that it had not undergone some moditica-
tion since 177(3,
Mr. WILLEY. I will explain to the Sena-
tor that I do not know whether this provision
is in the constitution of Maryland now, but it
was in the constitution of Maryland in 1801,
at the time the cession was made, and being
by the terms of the act of Congress of that
year made a part of the laws of this District,
it has never been repealed by Congress since
that time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think it is very clear
that that prohibition existing in this District
is too extensive in its operation. I do not
understand that there is any limit to the pro-
hibition except the dispensing power given to
the Legislature, which I understand is to be
exercised in particular eases brought before it
, upon petition or other application. Now, that
is so inconvenient, sometimes quite impossi-
ble. that the restriction may be accepted as
universal for all practical purposes. I dare
that there never has been an application,
or if there has been an application it has not
been often repeated, in the history of Mary-
land for a dicpensation from the operation of
' this clause of the constitution.
While, therefore, it appears to me that it
: would be unreasonable to change the law of
this District, if it be as stated, I am convinced
that it is equally clear that there should be some
prohibition, and that no portion of time should
be permitted to elapse without some limitation
upon this power of death-bed bequests. I know
that in our State we have a general statute, and
one that is warmly approved by public opinion.
It underwent consideration in the Legislature
within the last ten or twelve years. It is a care-
: fully drawn statute prepared by a distinguished
| lawyer of Philadelphia, supplying the place of
former statutes in our State on that subject.
; It prohibits donations or devises made within
one calendar month of the death of the person
! making the devise or bequest. It may be that
, that is not the most appropriate form in which
such a limitation should be placed. I mention
it only as an illustration of the universality of
legislation of this kind throughout the Ameri-
can Union. I dare say that there is such a
! provision in the laws of almost every State of
: the Union; and we obtain it from England,
where the expeiienee of centuries has proved
its necessity.
Now, sir, if the Senator from West Virginia
, desires to pass a bill removing the inhibition
of the existing law in the case of citizens of
, this District, he can easily change his bill and
; make it conform to that intention or design.
| and it will pass without a word of objection.
I Mr. JOHNSON. That would necessitate
sending it back to the House,
i Mr. BUCKALEW. If it be amended in the
I Senate it can readily be acted on in the House.
> Amendments of one House to the bills of the
i other are always in order. I am quite unwilling
; to remove all restriction upon the power of
[ making bequests of this description. I thuik
| that the wisdom of centuries and the judgment
| and act'on of legislative bodies in the Old
: World and the New ought to be considered as
! having settled this question, and settled it con-
j elusiveiy. Persons in the last hours of an ex-
; piring existence are subjected to influences of
| a very unusual character, and tire subjected to
| them at a time when they are little able to
' exercise the full and mature powers of their
! minds. I am unwilling to vote for the biil as
j it stands,
j The bill was reported to the Senate.
i I he PRESIDENT pro tempore,. If no amend-
ment be proposed, the question is on ordering
, the bill to a third reading.
j Mr. DAVIS. Upon that question, or on the
• passage of the bill I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 move that the bill be laid
on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
EAST CAT*tTOL STREET.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take tip for con-
sideration House bill No. 001.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. It. No. G01) to grade East
Capitol street and establish Lincoln stjuare.
It proposes to direct the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, in such manner as he may
deem most proper, to cause East Capitol street
to be graded from Third street east to Eleventh
street east, and to cause the scjuare at its in-
tersection with Massachusetts, North Carolina,
Tennessee, and Kentucky avenues, between
Eleventh and Thirteenth streets east, to be
inclosed with a wooden fence, and it is to be
known as Lincoln square. Fifteen thousand
dollars is appropriated to enable the improve-
ment to be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON TEMPERANCE SOCIETY.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 424.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 424) to incorporate the
Washington Temperance Society of the city
of Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend in section
five, line one, by striking out after the word
"act'' the words "shall inure for thirty years,
unless sooner repealed by Congress," and in-
serting u may be altered or repealed at the
pleasure of Congress.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to hear
the first section of the biil read.
The Secretary read as follows:
That John S. Ilollingshead, William G. Flood,
Christopher Caramack, sr., Asbury Lloyd, John B.
Wheeler, Z. B. Brooke, R. A. Fish. George \V. Mabcr,
Vi*. P. Drew, William II. Naily, Thomas B. Marche,
O^car Alexander, William Dixon, and others who
now are or may hereafter become members of said
society, and their successors, are hereby declared to
be one community and body-corporate bvthe name,
-tyk.and title of the Washington Temperance So-
ciety of Washington city and District of Columbia;
and by that name they shall be. and are hereby,
made able and capable in law to have, receive, and
retain to them and their successors property, real
and personal, also devises and bequests of any per-
son or persons, bodies corporate or politic, capable
of making the same, and the same to dispose of or
transfer at their pleasure in such manner as they
may think proper: Provided always. That the said
corporation shall not at any time hold or possess
property, real, personal, or mixed, exceeding in
value tho sum of S25.0CK) other than that which may
be invested in a hall to be erected for the purposes
ot the society.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, 1 am
altogether satisfied with the propriety of the
passage of this bill. There are two or three
persons named there who if they can be incor-
porated into a sound temperance society it will
do them infinite good, [laughter,] and that that
may happen I will support, the proposition. It
has been said, "The greater the sinner the
greater the saint."
The bill was passed.
CllUltCII PROPERTY.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take from the
table tho bill just la.it! upon it—House bill
No. 5G4.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. U.
No. 504) to annul the thirty-fourth section ot
the declaration of rights of the State of Mary-
land so far as it applies to the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I very readily recognize
the force of the observations made by my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcckalew.J
It is very desirable that devises and gifts to
