1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
I believed that the appointment of a committee,
carefully selected by the two Houses, to take
that subject into consideration, was not only
wise in itself, but an imperative duty resting
upon the representatives of the people in the
two branches of Congress. For myself, I was
not prepared to act upon that question at once.
I am not one of those who pin their faith upon
anybody, however eminent in position, or con-
ceive themselves obliged on a question of great
national importance to follow out anybody's
opinions simply because he is in a position to
make those opinions, perhaps, somewhat more
imperative than any other citizen of the Re-
public. Talk about the Administration ! Sir,
wo are a part of the Administration, and a very
important part of it. I have 110 idea of aban-
doningthe prerogatives, the rights, and the du-
ties of my position in favor of anybody, how-
ever that person or auy number of persons may
desire it. In sajing this, I am not about to
express an opinion upon the subject any further
than 1 have expressed it, and that is, that in
questions of such infinite importance as this,
involving the integrity and welfare of the lie-
public in all future time, wc are solemnly bound,
and our constituents will demand of us, that we
examine them with care and fidelity, and act
on our own convictions, and not upon the con-
victions of others.
I have said I was in favor of this resolution
when I first read it, for the reason that it looked
to a purpose which I approve—calm and de-
liberate consideration before action ; but when
1 came to read it over more carefully and hear
the opinions of others, I came to the conclu-
sion, for the reasons that have been given by
my honorable friend from Rhode Island, that
the resolution perhaps went a little too far.
It was important to have a committee by which
this subject should be investigated, composed
of members of the two Houses, for the reason,
among others, that it is very important that
the two Houses should act in harmony, that
one House should not take action that would
be at variance with the action of the other,
and that, afte* investigation of the subject, it
would result, as I believe, from the constitu-
tion of Congress, that the two Houses would
act in harmony, on the same principles, and
with the same views, and neither would act
hastily. Therefore, the committee was im-
portant, and a committee that should be care-
fully chosen, as 1 said before, and deliberate
well and advise well; and I did not conceive
that a little delay, that a few weeks' time, or
even a few months' time, if necessary, given
to that subject, would be misspent. We had
better spend a little time now than take a step
to be repented of in all our after lives and in
all the luture life of the Republic.
The points to which attention has been called
by the honorable mover of the amendment are
precisely those to which I objected. "While I
approved the committee, I did not think, in the
first place, that we should change the order of
proceeding and the long-tried rules of the Sen-
ate, especially the one with regard to debate.
It has always been open here on every subject.
Every Senator was at liberty to speak as much
and as long as he pleased within the rules of
order upon every subject open to debate in the
Senate. 1 was very unwilling that that should
be changed. If the House of Representatives,
for its own convenience and in orderto accom-
plish business, finds "it necessary to adopt an-
other rule, that rule can be adopted by the
House as applicable to its own proceedings, but
not here; and hence I was opposed to that
particular provision, and thought it unwise so
far as we were concerned.
My judgment was that everything that was
necessary could be accomplished by the mere
appointment of a joint committee of the two
Houses ; that it was not necessary to provide
that all the credentials of members should be
referred to that committee. There was an ap-
parent constitutional objection to it; and there
is much force in the argument that if that should
bo done, and the provision retained that 110 ac-
tion should be had until there was a report from
that committee, constituted as the committee
is to be, each Bouse is putting into the hands
of the other a power to control its action in a
matter which, by the Constitution, is left to
itself. I might have been willing even to strain
a little upon that point had I conceived that
there was any danger; but, sir, when we come
to look at it, a committee is appointed by the
ordinary rules of proceeding; everything relat-
ing to the proper subject-matter, referred to
that committee goes there; 110 harm would
happen from a discussion in this body on that
subject; it would very s'0011 be settled, and we
should avoid the apparent, difficulty that arose
with reference to what was our constitutional
duty. I was not frightened by any idea that it
was necessary now to tie up this body or that
body by a joint rule which could not be altered
without the assent of the other, because, on
such a subject, a majority at any lime will rule.
If this body chooses at any time to become
false to its duty, it will find a way to accom-
plish the wrong; and so will it be with the
House of Representatives.
If.the members of that body are, as I believe
they will be, firm in their convictions of right
and what the good of the country requires, there
is no need of putting them under the control of
the Senate in order to keep them so. Hence
I agree with the honorable Senator who moved
this amendment that it is best to strike out that
clause, and simply appoint a committee, and
then if the Senate chooses to pass a rule of its
own to refer all the papers on this subject, even
credentials, to that committee, so be it; it will
have the control of that subject; and if the House
of Representatives, on the other hand, chooses to
do the same thing, so be it; it will have the con-
trol of its own action, and we have accomplished
the great purpose, which is, to put the consid-
eration of the question ivhich liesat the founda-
tion of this subject of the admission of mem-
bers into the hands of a joint committee to
be thoroughly consulted upon and considered.
That is the only ground upon which my judg-
ment coincides with that ot the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
My friend from Michigan [Mr. How-uin]
will allow me to say to him that. 1 do not think
the question of whether the men who may present
themselves as members are fit to come in now,
or whether the States of which they profess to
bo the representatives are fit to come in now
and act with us and ought to be admitted to
do so, is involved in this question at all. He
has argued it as if by striking out this portion
of the resolution we had settled that. By 110
manner of means. If it would do so, I would
vote with him. We are only settling, on the
contrary, that that question shall be deferred
until a committee of both branches have thor-
oughly considered it and reported to this body;
and certainly 1 shall go with him as long as 1
believe that committee is doing its duty in op-
posing action upon the subject committed to it
until it is ready to enlighten us with the infor-
mation it may have received and the conclusions
to which it may have arrived. I say this simply
to bar the inference that by this action in
amending it any one who may vote for it means
to say or intimate that he is ready to act upon
that question now and admit anybody from any
of these so-called confederate States. Certainly
I am not one of them, and yet 1 shall vote with
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island.
On the other hand, I do not agree with the
lion oral >le Senator from Wisconsin that by pass-
ing a simple resolution raising a committee of
our own body, and referring to it certain papers,
if we conclude to do so. we arc infringing upon
the rights of anybody or making an intimation
with regard to any policy that the President
may have seen fit to adopt and recommend to
the country. Sir, I trust there are 110 such
things as exclusive friends of the President
among us. or gentlemen who desire to be so
considered. 1 have as much respect for the
President of the United States probably as any
man. I acted with him long, and I might, ex-
press the favorable opinions which 1 'entertain
of him here if they would not be out of place
and in bad taste in this body. That I am dis* -
posed and ready to support him to the best of
my ability, as every gentleman around me is,
in good faith and with kind feeling in all that
be may desire that is consistent with my views
of duty to the country, giving him credit for in-
tentions as good as, mine, and with ability far
greater, I am ready to asseverate. ' ' '
But, sir, I do not agree with the doctrine,
and I desire to enter my dissent to it now and'
here, that, because a certain line of policy has
been adopted by one branch of the Govern-
ment, or certain views are entertained by one-
branch of the Government, therefore, for that'
reason alone and none other, that is to be tried,
even if it is against my judgment; and I do not
say that it is or is not. That is a question to
be considered. I have a great respect, not for
myself, perhaps, but for the position which I
hold as a Senator of the United States; and
no measure of Government, no policy of the
President, or of the head of a Department, shall
pass me, while I am a Senator, if I know it,
until I have .examined it and given my assent
to it; not on account of the source from which
it emanates, but on account, of its own intrinsic
merits, and because I believe it will result in
the good of my country. That is my duty as a
Senator, and I fear no misconstruction at home
on this subject or any other. I have repre-
sented the State from which I come too long
to fear anything of that kind. If I act against
the prejudices or preconceived opinions of that
people, they are always ready to hear me, and
hear my reasons, and if they are satisfactory
to them, to give me credit for them, and, if not
satisfactory, at least to give me credit for good
intentions; and that is all I ask of anybody.
Now, therefore, sir, I hope that, laying aside
all these matters which are entirely foreign, we
shall act upon this resolution simply as a mat-
ter of business. No one has a right to com-
plain of it that we raise a committee for cer-
tain purposes of our own when we judge it to
be liccessary. It is an imputation upon no-
body; it is an insult to nobody; it is not any-
thing which any sensible man could ever find
fault with, or be disposed to do so. It is our
judgment, oitr deliberate judgment, our friendly
judgment—a course of action adopted from
regard to the good of the community, and that
good of the community comprehends the good
of every individual in it.
Allow me to say, sir, in closing, one thing
which I may as well say now in the beginning
of the session, because it is the principle which
1 intend shall guide my action, and I hope will
guide the action of alt of us. We have just
gone through a state of war. While we were
in it it became necessary all around to do cer-
tain things for which perhaps no strict warrant
will be found; contrary, at any rate, to previous
experience. That 1 admit most distinctly.
Sir, I defended them from the beginning. I
laid down the principle that the man who,
placed in a position such as the President and
other officers occupied, would not, in a time
of war, and when his country was in peri!, put
his own reputation at hazard as readily as he
would anything else in order to do his duty,
was not fit for his place. I upheld many things
then tliat perhaps 1 would not uphold now be-
cause they are not neeessaiw. 1 he time must
come when the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, the Congress, must revert to its own
original position. I do not think there will be
the slightest danger; I have no apprehension
of anv: but if I "act upon different principles
! now and hereafter in a state of peace, from those
I which I adopted and defended before, I wish
1 everybody to understand the reason for it. In
all countries, in all nations in a time ol' extreme
peril, extreme and somewhat questionable
measures are inevitable.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does not un-
derstand me as holding a different doctrine,
because I maintained that 011 the floor of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I_ trust not. But m
time of peace, when we live under a written
Constitution, it is our duty to come back as
