18C0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
objects of that description should be executed
some reasonable time antecedent to the deatli
of the donor or testator. I believe the same
provision of which he spoke as existing in
Pennsylvania will be found in the laws of other
States. I move, therefore, as an amendment
to come in at the close of the bill this proviso :
Provided, That in case of gifts and devises, the
game shall bo made within one calendar month be-
fore the death of the donor or testator.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think that limitation
will correct the evil. In my State there is a
limit upon the amount and value of bequests
and deyises to religious societies, especially of
real estate. This proviso will effect very little
toward the correction of the evil, if evil it be.
In the neighboring country of Mexico it is said
that half the lands of the country are held by
the church. When Henry VIII ascended the
throne of England there was a large proportion
of the lands of the kingdom held in perpetuity
by religious associations. I do not know how
it is in the other States, but in my State there
isa jealousy of that principle, and wo have legal
if not constitutional provisions regulating and
restricting the amount that any religious asso-
ciation or organization of any kind shall hold.
I take it there ought to be a restriction of the
same character in relation to this District if the
section of the bill of rights of the constitution
of Maryland upon that point is to be repealed.
I move that the bill lie upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. The immediate occasion
as I understand for the introduction of the bill
is that there is a gentleman here, a very excel-
lent man in all particulars, who desires to give
a church some ten or twenty thousand dollars,
but he is unable to do it because the origi-
nal constitutional restriction which existed in
Maryland forms a part of the law of the District,
and that, as the Senate have seen, prohibits a
church from receiving more than two acres of
laud except with the consent of the Legisla-
ture. I do not know that in any case where
the Legislature of Maryland has been applied
to by any religious congregation she has re-
fused to let it go beyond the limit.
The constitution of Maryland which con-
tains that provision was adopted in 178G. The
constitution in this respect was modeled very
much after the Government of England. Ithas
been almost entirely done away with, so far as
the original provisions are concerned, and I
am by no means sure that this particular pro-
vision is now in force. I do not think, in the
present condition of the country, that there is
any danger from permitting parties to give to
religious corporations what they may think
proper. It is impossible with our institutions
we can be in any danger from religious estab-
lishments : first, because there is no State re-
ligion ; secondly, because there are so many
different sects, each one of whom watches the
others just as vigilantly as England would
watch the dispositions of France. I do not
see, therefore, that there is any great danger
to result from leaving parties here to leave
as much property to charities as they please.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator has
not conceived the point of my objection. It
is not from any uiiprehension of the establish-
ment of a State religion, but it is to prevent
too large an aggregation of property in reli-
gious societies. That is the, reason, as I un-
derstand it, of the restriction in my own Slate.
But sooner than lie pertinacious ?„bout this
matter. I am disposed to yield and let this
fragment of a Senate do what it pleases in
connection with this matter. However, I will ;
make this remark: I believe that the rules of i
tin- Senate ought imperatively to require the j
Presiding Officer of the Senate to verify the j
presence of a quorum of the Senate whenever
any bill of any character is passed. This thing
of carelessly passing important bills when there
rre but a few members present, a number de-
".dedly less than a constitutional quorum to do
I/umih'SS. in my judgment ouaht to be leformed
by a change in the rale of the Senate. That ;
is ihe rule formally now, but it is not enforced, j
it is an ungracious business for a member of :
the Senate to object to the passage of a bill
because there is not a quorum present. I think
it ought to be ex officio the duty of the Pre-
siding Officer to see that the principle of the
Constitution, which is certainly an important
one, is executed in every case in respect to
having a quorum of the Senate present when-
ever a bill is passed.
With these remarks I will say nothing more
in relation to this subject, but leave it to the
Senate, or to the gentlemen who are present,
who are not a Senate, to take what course they
please in relation to this bill.
_ The PRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Pomfroy
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Ken-
tucky withdraw his motion to lay the bill upon
the table?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Maryland.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
alexandria and washington railroad.'
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed byl
the Committee 011 the District of Columbia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. E. No. 230) to
amend an act to extend the charter of the
Alexandria and Washington railroad, passed
March 3, 1803, to report it back with amend-
ments. and I ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the District of Columbia was to strike out all
of section one after the word " authorized," in
line six, and also all of section two down to
and including the word "authorized," in !ine
two, in the following words :
To extend said railroad from the track as now
laid, or as the same may hereafter bo laid, through
Maryland avenue at the intersection of Sixth street
west, through and along said Sixth street west in a
northerly direction to a point at or near its intersec-
tion with Pennsylvania avenue which may be suit-
able for the location and construction of a depot tor
the receipt and discharge of passengers and treiglit.
Sua. 'I. Andhettjurtlter enacttd. That saidrailroad
company be, and the same is hereby, authorized.
So that the first section will read :
He it enacted, &c„ That the Washington, Alexan-
dria, and Georgetown Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion lawfully succeeding to the charter, rights, and
privileges of the Alexandria and Washington Rail-
road Company, be, and the same is hereby, author-
ized to extend said railroad from the track, as the
same is now or may hereafter belaid, through Mary-
land avenue at its intersection with Virginia avenue,
through and along said Virginia avenue in an east-
erly direction to its intersection with 0 street south;
thence along D street and across the Washington
canal, to New Jersey avenue; thence by a curve to
the left, of not less than one thousand feet radius, to
a, point in square number seven hundred and thirty-
two; thence by on underground excavation or tun-
nel, passing under squares number seven hundred
and thiity-two, seven hundred and sixty-two, seven
hundred and sixfy-one, seven hundred and sixty,
seven hundred and eighty-seven, seven hundred and
eighty-six, eight hundred and sixteen, eight hundred
and fifteen, eight hundred and thirty-nine, ciirllt
hundred and thirty-eight, eight hundred and sixty-
six, eight hundred and sixty-five, eight hundred and
sixty-four, and the different streets and avenues in-
tervening, to a point in square number eight hun-
dred and ninety-three; thence, by a curve of not !e*s
than one thousard feet radius, into Eighth street
east; thence by the most direct and eligible route to
an intersection with the Washington branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the effect of the
amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state what the
effects of it is. The House bill authorizes the
Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com- j
pany to cross the canal on Sixth street and ;
build a depot, provided they can purchase the I
property north of the canal and immediately ,j
south of Pennsylvania avenue. The Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia in the Senate
are unwilling to grant this privilege; and the ||
effect of this amendment, is to strike out all
that portion of the bill which enables them to ||
build a railroad track fiom their .present depot 1
upon Maryland avenue ovei to I:e.<ns;.hania ■
avenue. It prohibits the extension of the track
through the public grounds and the building of
a depot over there. That is the only difference.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section [two] one the following proviso:
Provided, That unless the railroad company herein
named shall in good faith have commenced the work
of underground excavation referred to in this section,
and shall have expended at least 3100,000 in the prog-
ress thereof within twelve months after the passage
of this act, then the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company is hereby authorized to extend the Wash-
ington branch of their road along the route and in
the manner herein indicated, so as to connect with
the road of the company first named at or near Sixth
street on Maryland avenue, in Washington city; but
unless said Baltimore and Ohio Kailroad Company
shall immediately, on the failure of the Washington,
Alexandria, and Georgetown Company, as aforesaid,
commence and prosecute said work in good faith and
shall expend not less than 8300,000 in the underground
excavation aforesaid within two years from the pas-
sage of this act, the companies herein named shall
forfeit all the rights and privileges conferred by this
act.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state the effect
of this amendment. The House bill authorizes
the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany to buiM^a; tunnel east of the Capitol, and
the committee are desirous that it shall be built.
I und^jrmand, since this bill was introduced into
he^jnouse, and in fact since the discussion of
question on another bill here in the Senate
on a former occasion, (for Senators will re-
member that we had this question up and dis-
cussed it once before,) this Washington and
Alexandria company has got into some diffi-
culties, and therefore the probability is that
it will not undertake the construction of this
work, which will cost more than $1,000,000.
It is to tunnel the public grounds east of the
Capitol, and it will cost at least 81,000,000,
perhaps more ; and the Senate committee are
not of the opinion that this company will be
able to construct it. It is very desirable, if
this company is not able to undertake the
work, that some company should do it and get
the cars from off the public grounds in front
of the Capitol.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does this bill authorize
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to
do it?
Mr. HENDERSON. Unless the Washing-
ton and Alexandria company shall undertake
the work of making this tunnel, and in good
faith expend §100,000 within twelve months
upon it, then the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company are authorized to go on with the
work, and this company will have nothing
further to do with it. That is the meaning of
the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I am opposed to the amendment.
I do not know, and I should like to inquire,
whether the Baltimore and Ohio railroad have
asked this committee for the right to construct
a road over a portion of the road that belongs
to another company.
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not belong to
any company.
Mr. NYE. Docs it not belong to this Alex-
andria company?
Mr. HENDERSON. Not an inch of it.
Mr. NYE. I am opposed to this amendment
for this reason: the Senator who reports this bill
says there is no probability that this Alexandria
company can do this work.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is stronger than
I said. We are afraid they will not be able to
d° it-
Mr. NYE. He is afraid that they will not
be able to do it. Now, sir, there have been
persistent efforts to get another railroad to this
District, or another company running parallel
to this Baltimore and Ohio railroad, which
seems to hold almost supreme control over
this District, as it does over every other com-
munity upon which it has got its strong hand.
If there is to be a bill of this sort passed I
would prefer that it should be a-hill giving the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad authority to do
what xhey please in this District, and that no
other company should have authority to come
in here, i know there has been another eora-
puiiy trying to get in here all winter, and the
