1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
these rebel States, go on with your confiscation
statutes, your statutes of banishment, your stat- j
utcs of unjust imprisonment, your statutes of i
murder ami death against men because of their ]
loyalty to the Constitution and Government of i
the United States.
That is the issue that is before the American |
people; and God helping me, without respect
for persons in high places who show a disposi-
tion to betray this great cause, I will not betray
it, so long as it is given me to know the right.
Pending this gx'eat issue, what utterances do
we hear? You have, in the first place, the
utterances of him whom we elected Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, and who is now, by
the work of an assassin, President of the United
States, and of whom 1 have been accustomed
to speak with great respect. The House and
the country will remember that at the opening
of this session I declared in my place here that
if an issue was to be made between the Presi-
dent and the Representatives of the people it
must be made by him and not by us. It has
been made by him.
I trust in God that for his own sake, for the
sake of his country, and of the friends who gave
him his high position, he will retrace his steps ;
but whether lie does or does not, I trust that
the American people will not strike the word
''forward" from their vocabulary, but will
go right on to the consummation of the great
work which Providence has committed to their
hands; that is, the enforcement of their Con-
stitution in every State, in every Territory,
and upon every sea, wherever our flag floats,
whoever may oppose at home or abroad.
f\V hut, in brief, are those utterances ? Why,
says the President in his speech—not in his
message to Congress, but in his speech, which
is received with so many laudations in certain
quarter^, and over which, it. seems, the gen-
tleman from Xew Jersey [Mr. Bogeus] and his
party held a sort of general jubilation—"Let
all those lately in insurrection against the Gov-
ernment and laws of the United States, who
will now declare their allegiance and take the
oath, be admitted into this Union, and by their
representatives into the councils of this nation.''
Take the oath! What oath? Not the oath
of the Constitution which they have broken,
but the oath prescribed by the President him-
self, and which, except in the tribunals of mil-
itary justice, has no more force or effect than
the paper upon whieli it is printed. Ay, take
the oath! "Swearhim, and let him go."' It
would be about as reasonable, under existing
circumstances, to swear that venomous reptile
which was the symbol of South Carolina's trea-
son—the rattlesnake—and let it go.
What have we more touching this great issue ?
The venerable Secretary of State, in the city of
New York, makes a speech, and in the coursc j
of that speech gives to the county another of j
his prophecies. 1 have been accustomed to sus- |
tain, in my humble way, that gentleman in t!je ,
past, and I am accustomed now to speak of j
him most gratefully for the services he has ren- ;
deredto the country, by his surpassing skill as a I
diplomatist, and by his undoubted fidelity to the
interests of his country in his great office as
minister of foreign affairs. What I say of him !
now I speak with regret and sorrow, not in
anger. What 1 speak ot him I say from a sense
of duty to a cause which 1 think imperiled by
his speech, it is fit the people should not lie
deceived. "The man who speaks the truth is 1
greater than a king.'' |
Xeed the people of this country be reminded ,
of what they do know, that he is no prophet, j
that his other memorable prophecies have
failed? I remember, >ir, that when the foun-
dation.-, of the Hcpublie were rocking beneath
the mustering tread of the armed ho^ts who
were about tp strike at the nation's life, that ,
gentleman in the same city of New York ut-
tered his oracular declaration that the rising
storm would last only sixty days. I
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. !
I submit that the remarks ot the gentleman
from Ohio are not pertinent to the subject j
before the House. 1
Mr. BTNGH AM. We shall see about that.
Mr. II ALE. I submit that the speech of Mr.
Seward, in New York, has nothing to do with the
question as to the propriety of passing tlie consti-
tutional amendment now under consideration.
Mr. BING HA M. I am answering the objec-
tions to the passage of this resolution. Those
objections were made in New York as well as
in this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York makes a point of order. The Chair will
notice particularly the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, and will arrest them if they
are out of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, I was only say-
ing that these prophecies which are uttered as
objections, against this proposition of security
for the future cannot properly bo accepted by
the American people as a basis for their action,
because the gentleman who utters these proph-
ecies gave speculative utterance befoie of what
was to be iu the future, which most miserably
failed of fulfillment. In that same city, in
December, 1800, he told the people 
Mi. IIALE. Mr. Speaker, I insist on my
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New"
York makes a point of order that the gentle-
man from Ohio is not confining himself to the
constitutional amendment now under consider-
ation. The Chair sustains the point of ordef-.
The Chair said yesterday that he would eonfnre
the debate to the constitutional- amendment
whenever a point of order should be made;
and the Chair thinks that the gentleman from
Ohio, in discussing a speech delivered by the
Secretary of State in New York, is going
beyond the subject.
Mr. BAXKS. Ifthe Chair will allow me 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be very
glad to hear any suggestion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who for-
merly occupied the chair.
Mr. BANKS. I submit that the ruling just
made by the Chair will, if insisted upon, limit
the debate much too closely. As 1 understand
the speech of the Secretary of State, delivered
in New Yoik, he asserts that there is 110 dan-
ger. The Secretary of State, as 'I understand,
maintains that there is perfect national safety.
The gerftleman from Ohio thinks that there is
danger, and brings in a constitutional amend-
ment to obviate that danger and to save us from
troubles which he thinks-threaten us. Under
these circumstances, we must most assuredly
be permitted to discuss opinions so important
as those of the Secretary of State.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. who once occupied this chair, is
familiar with the rules, and knows that in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the President's message, unlimited
debate is allowed ; but that on bills in the House
which are special orders, or any bills pending,
or on constitutional amendments pending be-
fore the House, if the question of order is made,
the debate must be confined to them. The CLifir
thinks that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] was not indulging in the line of debate
in order on the amendment before the House,
whether the Cou.-titution shall be amended in
regard to the rights of the people of each State
in the several States.
The gentleman from Ma-saehusett- and the
House, of < ourse. must underlain! there must
lie some limit to <l<bate m the Hiin-e. In the
Committee of the Whole on the President's
message, the debate i: not limited : everv sub-
ject is allowed to be di.-eu^-ed then : but ill the
Hou-io it must be eonhned to the matter pend-
ing before tlie 1 lousr ,
Mr. BAXKS. 1 did not r<
er to the ruling
as existing in the House ol Representatives at
an earlier period. but*only to the ruling ie it
affects this question. A constitutional amend-
ment raises to the fullest extent the condition ■ jubt quoted.
of the country 
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order, that
this question is not debatable, and that the
gentleman from Massachusetts has no right to
debate it.
Mr. BANKS. Then I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and I do it for the
purpose of saying what I have to say on the
subject.
The SPEAKER. The question is. Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgham] discusses the official acts of
the Secretary of State he is not ijj. order; and
I have heard with pain allusion, in this House
to the official acts of the chief officers of the
Government. I do not think it admissible in
deb'ate. If there is anything of which we com-
plain, anything in the official conduct of offi-
cers of the Government, notice should be given
of some provision for its correction. But in
this case there is an opinion of great impor-
tance given to the country by the Secretary
of State, unofficial and informal, affecting its
condition and the safety of the people; and
certainly we must be allowed to discuss the
condition of the country in reference to the pro-
posed amendment, and incidentally tlie opin-
ion of the Secretary of State in regard to it,
informally and unofficially expressed.
I refer to the general rule controlling parlia-
mentary discussion, and not to the distinction
which has been properly made as to the rules
of the House as they now stand.
It is not my wish to make an issue with the
Chair; and therefore having had the opportu-
nity to express myself, I withdraw the appeal.
Sir. B1NG11AM. I renew it. Gentlemen
would not permit me to make a statement by
which I think it would be made plain I was in
order. Gentlemen would not permit me to -
proceed with my remark at the moment of in-
terruption so that the Speaker could understand
j my purpose. I have spoken in respectful terms
of the Secretary of State's unofficial utterance
to the effect that there is safety to the future of
the country without any further action of the
people; but I wanted to show that his propliecy_
was not to be relied on, because ho had made
similar ones before which had failed. At that
point I was interrupted. If the words of this
high official of the country may go out, and we
cannot answer them upon this iloor, then I
appeal from the decision of tlie Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is well aware how painful it is for the Chair to
rule his remarks out of order, but fife must dis-
charge his duty with impartiality under the
rules. _
Mr. BIXUHAM. I take pleasure in ^quit-
ting the Chair of any disposition to do me in-
justice.
The SPEAKER. The proposed constitu-
tional amendment is as follows:
Artici.k —. The Conero«sshall have powsr to raalia
all laws v." hi eh shall lit: neees-ary .' s i d pun, or to --eeuro
to the citizens ot each State all privileges and immu-
nities of citizens m the several htate-, and to all per-
sonam iheseveral States equal proteeaoniu theughta
}j of lite, liberty, and piopeity.
!l The rule, from page 70, Barclay's Digest, is
j as follows:
" A member shall confine himself to the quc-iiou
1 under debate' and avoid personality, l,nt m t'oimnit-
teo ef the Whole on the state of toe Union he is not
e bound to so eonlinc himself."
The language of the rule is imperative that a
■! member shalfconfine himself to the question,
except m Committee of the Whole, where the
largest libertv of debate is allowed. The Chair
cannot understand that a discussion as to the
prophecies of the Secretary ol State can be re-
garded as confining tlie debate to the pencung
constitutional amendment. The line as to ue-
bateandits latitude must be drawn somewhere,
I and unless some connection is made between
! (Mine portion of the speech alluded to ami the
pending amendment the Chair is compelled io
hold that tim general remaiks tboi-' on ol the
! gentleman from Ohio are not within the rule
i The Congress shall have power to make all laws
i wlih'h shall be neiess.uy and io o.u-r to •.eouro toj tne
citizens of each State all privikaed immunities
.■ of citizens in the several States, and to all peisonsin
ji the several states equal piotection iu the rights of
ll life, liberty, and property.
