1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051
deem most appropriate, the officers' and crews of
those vessels that aided in the rescued i iiesurvivors
of said wreck, and sueli other persons as distinguished
themselves by offices of humanity and heroism on that
occasion, the reward to be proportionate to the na-
ture of the effort* made and the merit of the services
rendered so far as the same can be ascertained.
The resolution proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs is one of two resolutions
heretofore before the Senate and adopted by
a very decided vote. The Military Committee,
however, on this occasion, did not repoit llio
second of the original resolutions. The origi-
nal resolutions gave first a gold medal for the
services stated, and secondly, as reported by
the committee of the Senate, $100,000; but
the appropriation of $100,000 was amended in
the Senate by being reduced to $50,000. The
circumstances which, in the judgment of the
Senate at that time, rendered it due to the
reputation of the United States and to the aid
which the parties whose names are mentioned
had contributed to save the lives of the sol-
diers of the United States, may, perhaps, have
escaped the recollection of the Senate. I will,
therefore, very briefly call to the attention of
the Senate now the facts as they were known
to the Senate at that time and as they certainly
existed.
The San Francisco, a steamer of the United
States, left the port of Now York in the month
of December 1853, with several hundred sol-
diers on board. It was apprehended at that
time that there might be difficulty on the north-
western border; and the Government thought
it advisable to have troops there. The offi-
cers carried with them their families, and the
number of officers and soldiers and the fami-
lies of the officers and the families of some
of the soldiers constituted an aggregate of
about nine hundred souls on board. The San
Francisco had been out a few days when she
encountered a terrifc storm, and during six
days of that storm before any aid was received
by 1; er there were about one hundred and seventy
washed overboard. The storm continued with
terrific violence during the whole of that period.
While they were in that condition and expected
all of them to be lost, almost every moment of
time, one or two vessels hove in sight, but they
refused to assist, pleading their inability to
assist, believing that, an attempt to render aid
would be fatal to themselves, when finally the
steamer Three Bells, an English steamer com-
manded by Captain Creighton hove in sight.
The American steamer, the San Francisco, was
commanded by Caplain Watkins, known famil-
iarly upon the Pacific, as the Senators from
California will bear me out in saying, as Com-
modore Watkins, a Maryland man by birth, but
one who has been following the sea all his life,
and for the last lifteen or twenty years has been
a citizen and resident of California. He com-
manded her, and notwithstanding his great skill
and unflinching courage and his attempt to keep
up the spirits of those who were on* board, it
was very evident that destruction was inevitable
unlebS assistance was soon received.
In this condition of things the Three Bells
hove in sight. Distress gnns were fired. As
soon as the captain saw that the steamer was
in peril he went to her aid. His own vessel
was leaking then to the extent of making about
nine inches of water an hour. He was short
of provisions. The moment he came within
a distance to be communicated with directly,
Captain Watkins—the wind being so high that
it was impossible to make himself heard, either
by his own voice or with the aid of the trumpet
—placed upon a board in large letters what
the captain of the Three Bells understood to be,
e are in distress; save us; we will charter
yorr vessel.'' This British captain, true to
the instincts of humanity, and true, too, to the
general instincts which characterize the sailor,
said at once, with some surprise and some
indignation. " What does the man want? Does
he suppose that 1 am here for the purpose of
chartering mv ves,--el to make money? I am
here to save all who are on board, if i can, and
I will lav by your vessel as long as my own
will swim."* "The storm continued with una- I
bated violence, and he' remained within sight,
sailing round and .round, (his sails having been
all destroyed except one or two of the lighter
sails,) in the hopes of taking up any who might
be washed overboard in the interim, before
he could take from the impending wreck any
one of the passengers or crew. During the
whole of that time it was very doubtful which
would go down first, his own vessel or the San
Francisco; but he succeeded in keeping his
own afloat.
Fie then launched two of his small boats,
and with those two boats he got olf about two
or three hundred, I think, from the San Fran-
cisco. Captain Watkins then informed him
that there were a great many sick, and there
were women and children on board whom he
was unwilling to trust in a small boat. Cap-
tain Creighton had been afraid up to that time
to launch his larger boat, but he determined
at all hazards to make the effort. She was
launched, the sea running mountain high, all
expecting to go down on both vessels, when
fortunately for himself, and for the United
States, and for all who were on board, he suc-
ceeded in getting on board the San Francisco
every soul, sick and well, man, woman, and
child. Captain Watkins was the last to leave
bis vessel ; and they had barely got to the
Three Bells and another vessel that, had hove
in sight in the mean time, and who aided in
getting olT a part of the crew, before the San
Francisco went down. One of the vessel-;,
after the Three Bells had saved some one
hundred and seventy or two hundred, came to
their aid and with great humanity and daring
skill took some one hundred of the passengers.
They were on their way to Europe, Und they
carried them to Europe.
The Three Bells sailed for New York. She
was a great many days in getting to New York.
She was kept afloat by the untiring exertions
of the ercw, for she was making water at the
rate of nine inches an hour. She was short
of pi ovisions, aad she was obliged to put all
on board upon short allowance; and in order
to take care of those who were received on
board she was compelled to throw overboard
the whole of her cargo that was under dock,
it being impossible to accommodate the rescued
above deck, it being absolutely necessary to
give them the protection which they would
have by being under deck. He immediately
made for New York. He was six days in reach-
ing that port. When he did reach it, he had
but a very small quantity of water ; il would
not, have lasted another day ; and he had been
compelled to place the passengers and crew
upon an allowance, each, of two ounces of
water, half a biscuit, and one ounce of bacon,
during the whole of the six days that he was
making the port of New York. On his arrival
at New York, he had but fifty gallons of water ;
and he landed in New York three hundred
passengers, men, women, and children.
Perhaps Senators do not bear in mind the
scene which, took place upon the arrival of the
vessel at New York, and the solicitude that
was felt for the fate of the vessel before the
arrival of the passengers. He was fcied in
New York the moment of his arrival. The
Government paid 1'or the loss of the cargo;
but, so signal was the service of rescuing from
inevitable death some six or seven hundred
soldiers of the United States, having with them
many of the wives and children belonging to
the men and the officers, that the Senate of the
United States, upon the Oth of February, 1854,
passed a resolution identical with the one now
reported to the Senate by the Committee oa
Military Affairs, and another resolution, after
reducing the amount originally named in it,
identical villi the resolution that 1 now oher
to the report of the committee. As the Senate
commiUee at that time reported the second
resolution, they gave $100,001). Pending the
consideration of the subject in the Senate it
was reduced to $50,000; and I propo.-e now
that the Senate should adopt what the Senate
adopted then, by a vote, 1 think, of -7 yeas to
10 nays.
The Senate, perhaps, may have forgotten,
even those who heard at the time of this val-
uable service, the great enthusiasm which was
manifested throughout all the commercial cities
upon the arrival of the British vessel with a
portion of the passengers of the lost vessel in
New York. The others that were taken on
board by one of the other vessels that came to
the rescue were safely carried to Liverpool,
and found their way back to this country.
Captain Creighton, of the Three Bells, was
feted in New York. Every demonstration of
gratitude was shown him. The Senate of' the
United States, by a very large majority, deem-
ing it due to him, and "to the others who had
contributed in saving some seven or eight hun-
dred officers and men of the Army of the Uni-
ted States and their families, passed a resolu-
tion such as is now reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs, with the other lesolution
which I now propose by way of amendment.
I suppose many Senators may now have
freshly before them, when the subject is called
to their recollection, the enthusiastic joy with
which the arrival of the Three Bells was re-
ceived at the port of New York, and the tidings
that some three or four hundred of the rescued
of the ill-fated ship were on their way, per Imps
in safety, to Europe. Captain Creighton was
fried all through New York by nearly all the
societies engaged commercially. Every pos-
sible honor was evinced toward him. The
heart of the nation gushed with gratitude for
such services, and the passage in this body—it
failing in the other Iiouse only for want of
time—of a resolution such as is now reported
by the Military Committee, with the addition
which I propose now as an amendment, was
hailed with grateful joy. as I well remember,
by the people of the United States. It was a
tribute due, not only for the humanity evinced
by the parties who were engaged in the rescue,
but for the daring gallantry they displayed,
and the imminent risks they ran of losing their
own lives in an effort to save the lives of citi-
zens of the United States.
The whole nation's heart gushed with grati-
tude for such distinguished services, and the
passage of a resolution distributing $50,000,
as well as a gold medal, was hailed, as I re-
member, witli nnmingled joy throughout every
portion of'the United Slates.
At that time, Mr. President, it was a matter
comparatively unimportant to the captains of
these three vessels, and particularly the cap-
tain of the British vessel, whether the gratitude
of the nation should be evinced in a pecuniary
way or not; but he was engaged in the Amer-
ican tradfe; he has always been an enthusiastic
admirer of the American character, and has
felt, as I know, an earnest solicitude for the
success of the United States in the rebellion
through illicit she has so happily and glori-
ously passed: and in consequence of that very
rebellion he has been reduced almost to pov-
erty. lie is now here, and has been here for
many mouths, and he seeks at the hands of
Congress some valuable manifestation ol their
recognition of the services rendered without
the slightest view at that time to any recogni-
tion of them of a pecuniary character ; but
now, when the recent unfortunate condition
of the country has placed him in a sit nation of
comparative want, he is willingto receive, anx-
ious to receive, and as I think the honor and
character of the United States require that he
should receive, some substantial manifestation
of the gratitude which the United States owe
to him as a gallant sailor, looking to no other
reward at the time than that which flows from
a noble action performed in the cause of hu-
manity. He is now anxious to receive the
comparative pittance which the amendment I
lu'\e proposed will give him, when divided
between the three who were engaged in the
humane effort. .
As 1 have said, about one hundred and sev-
enty were washed overboard before he could
come to (he rescue; but he, and the others who
came afterward to his aidj saved some fi\e or.
six hundred lives of officers and soldiers of the
