THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28;
The Chair is st'U of opinion that in tlae re-
marks where the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bi k-(!ham] "was arrested he was not confining
himself to the' question in debate. From that
decision the gentleman from Ohio appeals, and
the question 'now is, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the iudgtoent of the House?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.  
The SPEAKER. The Chair would prefer
that the question shall be taken directly on the
appeal."
Mr, RAYMOND. The question is debata-
ble, I believe.
. The SPEAKER. The point as to which the
appeal is taken is debatable.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio: 
Mr. BINGHAM. To save further delay, I
will withdraw it.
Mr. RAYMOND. T believe I have the floor,
and while I have it the gentleman cannot with-
draw it. I desire to ask the gentleman, inas-
much as he thinks it quite proper and right to
introduce entirely new mattei1 into this discus-
sion, whether he proposes to allow any reply
to be made to his remarks, or whether he pro-
poses .to move the previous question and cut
off all debate. An answer to this question will
influence my vote on the question of order
somewhat.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the appeal withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Rav.moxii] had the floor when it
was proposed to withdraw it. The gentleman
" from Ohio will state whether he withdraws it.
Mr. BfNG 11A.M. I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
withdraws his appeal. lie will proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. RAYMOND. Why does not the gen-
tleman answer the question ? Is it because it
is discowtflous or improper?
Mr. BINGHAM. With all respect, I an-
swer I have no further reply to make.
Mr. RAYMOND. Is the question of order
decided?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has with-
drawn the appeal.
Mr. BlNUllAM. Mr. Speaker, thereis one
further remark I desire to make here, and I
trust it wip not lie deemed out of order. It
has been announced by persons in high places
unofficially that no amendment should bo made
to the Constitution ; that there is no<*langer to
be nffprohended from the million men lately
ill arms against the Republic; that all the lately
rebellious Stains should he admitted at once to
representation without any condition; that the
loyal people of the United States who have
saved their Government from overthrow by
the wager of battle have no right to require
any security for the future; that nothing re-
mains for them to do but to kill the fatted calf
and to we\come. bank tlae returning prodigal
traitors liv the million.
Mr. 01JANLKR. I rise to a point of order.
Under the ruling of the Chair the gentleman's
remarks are out of order, not being pertinent
to the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not think
so. Thegentleman is now speaking directly
to the question of the constitutional amend-
ment, referring to an argument that no consti-
tutional amendments should be passed, and is
therefore in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Tn that connection, in
order to show the dangt-r to the peace of the
country. I beg leave to make another remark
which I trust will be appreciated by gentlemen
ana not considered out of order; and that is,
that at no distant day I have no doubt testi-
mony will be adduced to satisfy every honest
matt in this country, who wishSs well to the
Government and the Constitution that there
is now a conspiracy extending through every
State lately in insurrection, and perchance be-
yond their limits, among these returning prodi-
gal rebels for whom we are invited to kill the
fatted calf, to take possession of the legisla-
tive power ®f this country, and accomplish by
corrupt legislation what they failed to accom-
plish by arms. In support (if that statement I
ask that the Clerk shall read what I send now
to the Speaker's table, purporting to be occa-
sioned by the recent veto, but which also bears
witness of the present purpose and expecta-
tions of the returning prodigals. It is taken
from the Norfolk (Virginia) Post:
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 6re.it victory for the South.—Since the morn-
ing of J>i!y 22, ISbl, when rho news of the?reitt south-
ern victory achieved t>y Beauregard over McDowell
and tlm awful rout of the Federal Arm.v on the plains
of Manassas was borne through the South on the
wings of the wind as it were,*arryin£.ioyaild jubila-
tion mto every loyal southern household and glad-
dening every true southern heart , there has been no
news received with so much rejoicing by the people
of the South .is that contained in the dispatch infonn-
ins them the President had vetoed the Freedmen's
.Bureau bill."—Norfolk ( Virginia) Post.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question 'of
order. This being a part of the gentleman's
argument, I insist that it is not pertinent to the
question under discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentlejnan from Ohio has connected it with the
.subject under discussion. This constitutional
amendment proposes to give Congress " power
to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper to secure to the citizens of each State
i^l privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States, and to all persons in the several
States equal protection 111 the rights of life,
libei ty, and property." And if the Chair is
correctly informed by the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio as to what this extract is, it
relates to the veto by-the President of a bill
passed by Congress in regard to the rights of
certain persons, and if that is the ease, it may
be within the province of Congress to pass a
constitutional amendment, to secure those rights
and the rights of others generally, and there-
fore, as a part of the remarks of the gentleman
front Ohio, this is certainly in order.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the article, as follows:
This is tho greatest victory they have achieved
during tho wai—greater than any of the feats of
arms of Stonewall Jackson or of Robert E. Lee; and
it has given them more pleasure than had General
Lee been elected Governor of Virginia. They have
found an ally in the President, worth more to them
than the alhaneo of France or England,*and they
now begin to see. even as thoy saw foreshadowed at
MiniOtiMis, the linal triumph of the great southern
cause. The Republicans have been ignominiously
defeated and driven from the field—routed horse, foot,
and dragoons; and nothing can savethem from total
^annihilation. All that is necessary for the South to
do is toeontinuetohold upthePrct-idcnt'shands, and
wage an unceasing arid bitter warfare against the Re-
publican Congress. True, that Congress hasnnmbers;
but thtm it is only a mongrel horde of mis-ci eant>, w ho
can easily bo put to flight, and with "their friends"
of the North to aid Ihemastheydid duriiigthearmed
strugle, all that is neee.^sary tor the South i.s to bring
every a va liable man to the front, ami pu.^-h the pres -
en f victory to a full consummation of their dearest and-
imM eheiished hopes.
But in (ho genei ai joy of the moment, Ihei e a re.still
a few "croakers" to be found, as there wore in tho days
of open wad'are, who caution their friends, against
too much exuberance of feeling, lest it should prove
to be "thatpoy which kills." They say it i.a certainly
a'mosfc brilliant victory, and has secured them the
President—who will he kindly welcomed back, even
as the prodigal son—and they will kill the fatted calf
for him: but then much remains undone. Tho Presi-
dent is only one of the Republican armies that has
been annihilated, and the least powerful at that. The
Republicans, though mean and unscrupulous, are
wily and determined fellows, and in all probability
their defeat, as did that at Manassas, will serve their
purpose to " fire the northern heait," andTwill only
make them the more determined to restore the Gov-
ernment on their basis. They will now in all prob-
ability draw tho sword, and throwing away theseab-
hard, wage a relentless warfare against the South till
it acknowledges the people as the legitimate source
of all power and Congress as its representative.
Mr. ROGERS. I would like to know what
paper that is read from.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will inform the gentle-
man. It is an article from the Norfolk Post, a
Virginia paper. It maj be the organ of seces-
sion or it may not.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is proper that tho gen-
tleman should state that it is a radical paper.
Mr. ROGERS. 'It was the Chronicle it was
read from.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, Ido not yield
to the gentlemen.
Mr. CHANLER. Irise to a question of order.
It is not in order for a gentlema n to publish doc-
trines of a revolutionary and rebellious character
in his speech.
The SPEAKER." The Chair overrules the-
question of order. It is not a point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I make the discovery that
it is ntit in order, in the judgment of some gen-
tlemen "here, to warn the people of the danger
that is impending over them.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a point of order.
I want to know if we have not a right to know
what paper it was that that was read from ?
The SPEAKER. No gentleman has a right
to the floor except the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bixgham,] who is entitled to it for one
hour. No gentleman has a right to interrupt
him without his consent.
Mr. ROGERS. Have we notarightto know
what paper was read from ?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman has only
a right to know the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio for one hour. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. It was read from the Chron-
icle.
Mr. BTNGHAM. It will be copied all over
the country I hope, and 1 wish it put on the
records of the House. I wish to call the at-
tention of Representatives to it. It has beeii
already intimated that the fatted calf is to be
killed at the'North to welcome back there- !
turning prodigals—traitors whoso hands are 1
rod with the blood of murder and assassina-
tion, who for four years struck at the life of
your country and at the life of its defenders.
Whether the publisher of that paper at Nor-
folk who uttered the words which have bcSi
road was speaking ironically as to this con-
spiracy at the South, or whether as the accred-
ited organ of the conspirators, it makes not a
particle of difference. It. is, in my judgment,
according to the declared purpose of those men.
They are ready to kill the fatted calf if Andrew
Johnson will only forget his former utterances,
wherein he said that treason is a crime that
must be made odious and traitors must be pun-
ished ; that traitors are no .longer citizens and
should 'not be permitted to participate in the
reconst ruction and reorganization of the States;
and especially if he would lend himself to that
black and villainous suggestion which finds a
place in the columns of tho Chicago Times—a
paper which in its day was, [• believe, sup-
pressed for its treasonable utterances by order
of General Bm-nside—that the President would
do well to drive the Representatives of the peo-
ple by an armed posse from the Hall of Repre-"
scntatives.
Mr. OIIANLER. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that remarks about the Chi-
cago Times are not pertinent to the question
under consideration.
The SPMR-KER. The Chair doubts whether .
such remarks are pertinent.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I raise the further
point of order, that when a gentleman is ruled
out of order he must take his seat.
Tho SPEAKER. If a gentleman is indul-
gingin disorderly language and is called to order
iie must take his seat as a matter of course, but
when he is simply called to order because his
remarks are not relevant to the question before
the House he can proceed in order.
Sir. CHANLER. He must take his seat
until the decision of the Chair is made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
remarks in regard to tho Chicago Times are
Scarcely within the purview of this constitu-
tional amendment. But the gentleman from
Ohio has the right to proceed, and it is not
required, 011 a mere question of relevancy, to
take his seat.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, Mr. Speaker, I have
.accomplished my purpose, notwithstanding the .
objection of gentlemen to let the country know-
that there are utterances of this sort afloat.
And now, sir, havihg said this, I desire to
proceed with the argument to make good the
declaration that there is danger to the Republic
unless the loyal people who have saved this
country byarms^hall save it also by laws, which.
