3012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
encourage planting forest trees and the growth
of timber upon the same ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ANCONA. I now renew the demand
for the regular order.
INDIAN TREATIES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
regular order, being Senate joint resolution
No. 69, making an appropriation to negotiate
treaties with certain Indian tribes, upon which
Mr. Raymond -tvas entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, do I un-
derstand that this joint resolution, reported by
mo from the committee, is the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. It. is.
Mr. RAYMOND. 1 wish, then, to inquire,
if this is laid aside what then will bo the reg-
ular order?
The SPEAKER. The bill in regard to
League Island.
Mr. RAYMOND. Inasmuch as I had no
intention in reporting this joint resolution to
interrupt the business before the House, I pro-
pose to postpone its consideration until sucli
time as will suit the convenience of the House.
Next Monday will answer the purpose of the
committee, if that will .suittheXlouse. If some
lime on Monday can be fixed I will make a
motion to that effect.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
in the pendency of business at this stage of
the session it will be impossible to tell when it
will bo reached unless it is postponed to a time
fixed or made a special order.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. This is rather
an important resolution, and it should be passed
as soon as it can bo conveniently reached.
Mr. RAYMOND. I prefer to postpone it
until after the League Island bill is disposed
of, and upon the suggestion that the gentleman
from Dakota [Mr. RuklkicuJ desires to debate
it, I will move that it be postponed until that
time.
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour?
, Mr. RAYMOND. To be taken up immedi-
ately after the morning hour on Monday.
Mr. ANCONA. U nauimous consent can-
not be given.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask unanimous consent,
then, to have it taken up immediately after the
League Island bill is disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The SPEAKER, ,'|:'i''he question is, iShallthe
joint resolution pass?
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to hear the joint
resolution reported.
The joint icsolution was accordingly read.
It appropriates $121,785 77 to enable the Pres-
ident to negotial c treaties with the Indian tribes
the upper Missouri and the upper Platte
Mr.' RAYMOND. I move the, previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. If that, is not seconded will it
give an opportunity for debate?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The question being taken, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Raymond and Davis.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 38, noes 50.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to postpone the
furl her consideration of the joint resolution till
.Monday next afler the morning hour.
Mr. RAYMOND. IIow will it stand then
as regards other business?
The SPEAKER. It will conic up unless a
previous order crowds it out.
Mr. RAYMOND. It is important that it
should have an early consideration. The
money which is appropriated has already in
large part been expended, and the commission
for which it is to provide is in progress now.
i lie House should decide one way or the other '
upon this appropriation at a very early day '
If any arrangement, can be made W which the '
consideration of this bill will be fixed for Mon-
day, I will gladly consent to it.
the SPEAKER. The bill can be reached
on Monday, immediately after the morning
hour, by a suspension of the rules by a two-
thirds vote.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then I will consent to
the postponement until Monday next.
Mr. BURLEIGH. The reason assigned by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
for the consideration and passage of this bill at
this time is the very reason why it should be
postponed. I want time lor the consideration
of this measure, so as to show, as I believe I
can show, that this money has been and is
being expended, not in accordance with law, but
in violation of law, for the purpose of making
bogus treaties with bogus Indians.
Sir. RAYMOND. 1 thinkthe Delegate from
Dakota [Mr. Burleigh] could not have heard
what I said. I consented to the postponement
of this bill for the very purpose of giving an
opportunity for the examination and consider-
ation of this bill.
The question was taken ; and the motion to
postpone was agreed to.
Mr. RAYMOND, subsequently entered a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was postponed until Monday next after the
morning hour.
or M'HiNiiSS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I a>l c unanimous consent
that there may be a morning hour to-day and
each day hereafter, so that we maybe enabled
to get on with the regular business of the House
and not have it crowded out by these spccial
measures.
The SPEAKER. That, can bo done only
by mmnimons consent at this time.
Mr. MYERS. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] if his proposition
is that there bp a morning hour after to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD. To commence this morn-
ing.
Mr. MYERS. 1 must object to that, as wo
ure in the midst of the discussion of an im-
portant measure. I would have no objection
to the proposition after to-day, but I must
demand the regular order of business at this
time.
NAVAL DKI'OT AT LEAGUE ISLAND.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the con-
sideration of a bill (II. R. No. 452) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to accept League
Island, in the river Delaware, for naval pur-
poses, on which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mvkus] is entitled to the floor.
l!r, MYERS. Mr. (Speaker, my colleagues
[Messrs. Km,ley and O'Neill] have so ably
discussed the subject, now under consideration;
have so strongly presented the numerous advan-
tages of League Island for the purposes of a
national constructive ship-yard and naval depot
for wooden and iron vessels; the vast resources
of the State of Pennsylvania, emptying as it
were into its own lap, a! Philadelphia, as rivers
run to the sea; that I shall not long occupy the
time of the House in adding some of the ex-
liaustless arguments in favor of this proposi-
tion. _ 1 shall be more than fortunate if after
tins full discussion I mny obtain the attention
of the House for a short time ; and still more
fortunate if I can produce, as T hope to do,
some impression by the reasonings which are
floating through my mind at present, and which
convince me.
I now call the attention of the members of
this House to the character of the bill, and
what it calls for. It is a bill "to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to accent League
Island in the Delaware river for naval pur-
poses."
All attempt is made upon this floor to show
that it creates a roving commission, a loop
upon whiili to hang various other propositions,
and thus drawing away your attention from the
very question at i,'iue to effect by indirection
what cannot he done directly. It is true that
the acceptance of !.vague Island is not to bo
perfected until the board of officers provided
for in the bill shall recommend it. That was
added by the committee, I suppose, for tho
purpose of satisfying the delicate and sensitive
minds of certain gentlemen who year after year
have been throwing out slanders against, this
place, at one moment alleging there was not
sufficient depth of water, at another that there
was too much iee there in certain seasons of
the year, and who have started objections as
to the character of the ground and the healtb-
fulness of the locality.
Now, I ask the attention of any member
who is willing to vote directly for the prop-
osition in favor of League Island while I state
to him that the proviso says nothing more than
that if this commission, on visiting this place,
shall find these objections to it well founded,
then, and then only, may the Secretary refuse
to accept it. I should prefer to have no pro-
viso in the bill, but my faith in the adi antages
of League Island is so strong I have no fear
for the result, and no apprehension, even, that
the examination will cause any delay.
I propose to ask how this measure origin-
ated, but before doing so will pay my respects
to and express my admiration for the ingen-
ious, I had almost said the ingenuous, mem-
ber from New London, who for several years
has persistently opposed any additional navy-
yard accommodations at Philadelphia, and who,
beaten at every point in the endeavor to foist
his white elephant, New London, on the Gov-
ernment, now with serious countenance and
great apparent earnestness offers an amend-
ment with the solo object of destroying the
vitality of the bill, lie presents a proposition
here to add a number of localities for the
commission to examine—a proposition which
no doubt may strike the minds of many mem-
bers, especially those who were not in the last
Congress, as being an open, fair, and honora-
ble one.
Does any member from Maryland ii.se upon
this floor and ask us to designate for exam-
ination any place in his State with a view
to its selection for the proposed navy-yard?
No, sir. Does any member from Maine de-
mand that wc shall include a site in liis State?
No, sir. Wc passed the other day a bill pro-
viding for the examination of some placc upon
the coast of Maine—a place where, I presume,
the water is salt, as it is brackish at, most, of
tho other sites proposed. And I beg the mem-
bers to note that, the former advocate of New
London finding League Island gradually gain-
ing ground with Congress, as ho says it does
in its accretions of land, as a last resort, as a
tub to the whale, in order to obtain the votea
of gentlemen from these various States, pro-
poses this amendment. Well, Mr. Speaker, it
is not in order in this House to mention mem-
bers by their names, and I shall not do so ; but
I will say to those gentlemen who were not in
the last Congress that a certain Augustus Bran-
degee—probably a near relative of the member
who now has proved derelict to New London,
[laughter]—instead of saying as the gentleman
from Connecticut now says, " Let us be fair;
let us take in all the world; let us bring into
this bill State after State that we may get vote
after vote against this great national enter-
prise," this relative in the last Congress stoutly,
vehemently, and ably advocated his native New
London as tho best site for a naval station,
fitted by nature and art for the great navy-yard
of the world—winning the admiration of his
constituents, and doubtless thereby gaining for
himself an election ior many years to come as
a Representative and a fit Representative of
that region. There was no commission talked
of then ; oh, no! No disinterested desire to
visit other ports or harbors, no fondness for tho
Patuxent or the Hudson or Portland then.
But of course my friend is not responsible for
his namesake.
; I had always believed, sir, the saying that
"figures never lie," until yesterday when I sat
at the feet of this gentleman and learned a new
arithmetic. I had supposed, too, that history,
at lea?t when recorded with contemporaneous
