1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8013
pen, spoke the truth; but I learned yesterday
that history must be written years after the
occurrences it pretends to describe, or those
who live at the time may detect the falsity of
its statements.
I learned yesterday, for the first time, that
the water at League Island is brackish. Sir,
in my district—a district whose ship-builders
planned and placed upon the waters the New
Ironsides, a fit type of the workmanship and
enterprise and success of Philadelphia mechan-
ics, worthy representatives of those who thirty
years a<fo launched the ship of the line Penn-
sylvania, with, even then, one hundred thou-
sand citizens of Philadelphia and one hundred
thousand from the surrouftding country as
spectators; I say that in my district we have
the Kensington WQrks, whence a largo portion
of its citizens obtain their daily supply of drink-
ing water; and they never before heard that
the waters of this stream shortly above League
island arc brackish. In my boyish days, when
I used to swim near lied Bank, opposite to
League Island, drinking in many a mouthful
of water, I never tasted or dreamed that it was
brackish.
Still further, fifty thousand ships come to
our wharves and go out again every year—
wooden ships, too, the most of tliem. They lie
where the ice is more likely to be, where the
water freezes and the ice gathers more rapidly
than at any place below it; yet they sail up
and out yearly; and we never heard before that
vessels were looked up three months at League
Island, so that in case of a war the vessels of
our Navy, if stationed there, would bo pre-
- vented for that length of time from getting at
the enemy that might be ravaging our coast.
So much for fact No. 2.
Let me now call the attention of gentlemen
to another statement which has been made, and
which might, if uncorrected, mislead members
who are strangers to this spot and strangers io
the facts of the case. They have heard the
gentleman's reference to the mud and ooze, as
ne calls it, at that island. The gentleman from
Connecticut knows how much of truth and how
much of fancy there is in liis statement, for he
has visited the locality. In 1690 this island
was marked out on the maps, fast land; and
for years and years there have been two hun-
dred and thirty-five acres of solid land about
which there need be no dispute. Granting to
the gentleman that, with reference to the bal-
ance of it, or in building the wharves, it might
be necessary here and there to drive piles, as
it lias been necessary to drive piles at every
navy-yard in the United States, and on a gravel
bed thev make a better foundation than rock;
granting this, however, beyond all dispute we
have two hundred and thirty-five acres of solid
ground, which the gentleman pretends to tell
this House is all mud and oozo, with all
the sarcasm imparted by a pungent wit and a
fertile imagination. I have disposed of fact
No. 3.
Mr. Speaker, I have often gone by steamer
to Cape May in six or seven hours, yet I learned
for the first time yesterday that it would take
four days to go from League Island to the
ocean. I pass from the Connecticut facts.
But even these pale their ineffectual fires be-
fore the generosity of the gentleman's amend-
ment and his holy honor of the necessity of
discussing the merits of any site in connection
with the present bill. Neither the report of
the committee, who, with others of this House,
speak from observation, nor the opinionsof the
most distinguished officers of our Navy, nor
the statement of the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, nor the constant, urgency of the Secre-
tary himself that, we should adopt League Isl-
and as the site for a great national navy-yard,
have any weight with him ; and the Secretary
is roundly rated because he has failed to be-
come sectional or to recommend a station sim-
ply because of his nativity near it.
. But enough, sir, on this point. How docs
the question come before Congress? We are
called upon to decide whether the large in-
crease of our Navy, its new character, the
change from sails to steam, from wood to iron
in war vessels, the great advance in naval
science, but more particularly in rifled and
long-range guns, and the experience of a four
years' war, do not necessitate our possession
of a capacious constructive ship-yard.- First,
do we not need more navy-yard room ? And
next, shall wo not adapt it for the purposes of
an iron as well as a wooden navy? Very nat-
urally the officers of the Government first dis-
covered our great want in this particular.
Where did they seek to remedy it? At Phila-
delphia, the second city in the Union ; not sec-
ond in its manufacturing or mechanical or even
voting population; not second to any in un-
swerving loyalty to the Government; not sec-
ond in its noble charities or good deeds during
the war or before it, but second only to the
great, commercial metropolis of the Union, in
which we all take a pride. They went to Phil-
adelphia, and what did they find?
I wish on this point gentlemen would give
me their especial attention for a few moments.
They found a navy-yflpd of sixteen acres with
no workshops which a Philadelphia^ is not
ashamed to show to strangers; with no more
than turning room for a largo wagon ; with no
proper machine-shops or steam machinery for
building and repairing iron or iron-clad ves-
sels or rolling iron plates ; no capacity for east-
ing ordnance or building- powerful engines;
and instead of a national foundery and work-
shop and navy-yard, a place not half the size
of the Washington yard, not a fourth of that at
Charlestown, not an eighth of the Kittery, or a
tenth of the Brooklyn navy-yard; while abroad
the private dock-yard of the builder of the pirate
Alabama is more than ten times as large, and
in England and Franco the chief Government
navy yards cover, each of them, hundreds of
of acres of land in e'xtent. They found the
second city of our country with not a stone
dock and a very limited water front or wharf-
age room or accommodations for building and
repairing wooden vessels, even. The question
with them was, and it is the question here,
shall this ship-building city have more navy-
yard room, and while we are giving it shall we
not build a national establishment worthy of
the nation ; not an additional yard, but by a
transfer from one place to another with supe-
rior natural advantages and greater area erect
one which will aid us to defend ourselves, if
necessary, against the navies of the world?
We are at peace and I trust may remain so.
Yet on our northern border, even now, a
departure from our more than generous neu-
trality in the Canadian affair might bring on a
conflict with England. On the southwest the
advocacy of the Monroe doctrine, so dearly
cherished by every American, or the carrying
out of our hatred of despotism, might involve
us in a war with the greatest of despots. If a
single shot had been fired from Commodore
Kogers's vessel, off Valparaiso, as many wished
it had been, we might have been embroiled with
Spain. The sale of a single iron-clad toBiazil
or Paraguay or Uruguay might lead to entan-
glements with South America. Meanwhile, in
Europe they feel the throes of a coining polit-
ical earthquake, and the tires of volcanoes which
may shortly burst forth may yet bring a spark
to the American borders. We are bound in
honor to the country, to the soldiers and sail-
ors who fought for its preservation, to the pres-
ent and posterity, to guard its perpetuity and
be prepared at all times against a foreign war.
And for that purpose we should have proper
navy-yanl accommodations for our vessels in
time of peace.
Now, Mr. Speaker, suppose this amendment
prevails; you do exactly this: you are led
away by the idea that wo are to have an addi-
tional navy-yard by the plausible theory that
we had better go about the country and see
where we should locate it. Whereas the de-
feat of this bill—and the success of the amend-
ment really defeats the object of the bill—pre-
vents the present acceptance of any site and
deprives the country, perhaps for years, of the
very thing the Government asks for.
The introduction of the substitute was only
intended as a basis upon which to say to the
citizens of New London, " I have fought for
your interests. I have got this matter delayed
another year, and there is yet hope for you." I
do not blame the gentleman or his colleagues
for their efforts, and I commend them to the
votes of their constituents as fighting manfully
for Connecticut and New London.
I again say to the members of this House
that this bill comes before them with the sanc-
tion of the committee after repeated examina-
tions in Congress session after session, and
with the indorsement of eminent naval officers.
And now 1 believe the request for further delay
will be voted down and the measure adopted.
If you will turn to Lippincott's Gazetteer
you will find the following description of New
London:
" It is built on a declivity facing the south and oast.
Tlio sito beina: considerably incumbered with granite
locks, it was not laid out with any groat regularity,
though within afew years mucli liasbeen done in tho
way of grading and other improvements to overcome
the original inequalities ot'tho surface."'
"The original inequalities of the surface!"
And so New London, with its rocky sides ris-
ing from twenty, sometimes as high as one
hundred feet, did not impress anybody very
favorably after they came to look at it for the
purpose of a navy-yard such as we now desire,
and the gentleman acted sensibly in abandon-
ing his pet for a time, and endeavoring, amid
the many, to let its defects pass out of the view
of an apparently unfavorable Congress.
I have stated how it was that the site of
Philadelphia came to be sought for this pur-
pose. 1 have stated our national necessities
in this matter, our local wants, which mean
our national want; that scarcely an officer of
the Navy ever recommended New London,
and none that I ever heard of recommended
any one of these other places so gratuitously
added to the bill. The very commission to
which the gentleman referred said unanimously
that for the purpose of an iron-clad navy-
yard, League Island was preferable to New
London, and one of the officers of that com-
mission has since said that he was mistaken
even in recommending New London as far
as he went. Why was that mistake made?
Sir, it was a very natural one. At that
time the battle between the Monitor and the
Merrimac had scarcely been fought, certainly
not finally appreciated. These old officers
of the Navy scarcely knew what it was to
test iron-clad vessels, nor had they yet fully
learned the long roach of our improved can-
non. At that time Farragut had not passed
the forts near New Orleans and in Mobile bay;
Fort Fisher had not been taken by Porter ;
we had not the light on the subject that we
have now. And so each year the advantages
of League Island and the disadvantages of the
other proposi d sites have become more appa-
rent,.
What, then, are the characteristics which
should determine above all others where this
additional navy-yard room shall bo obtained
by the Government? At the risk of repeating
what has been better said by others, I cannot
help referring to the two great advantages
which League Island possesses, and which
none of these other places afford. These are,
fresh water and distauce from the sea.
There lias been a little book sent to each of
us, a very modest little pamphlet, advocating
New London. I suppose it was written by the
member of the last Congress I have alluded to.
It says that New London is as well situated as
Cherbourg, in France, for a national navy-yard.
Well, this is a most unfortunate illustration.
Because Cherbourg is by the sea it has taken
fifty-six years to build its works and fortifica-
tions, at a cost of forty millions for the works
and twenty millions for the defenses, even with
the aid of convict labor—one basin, the " ar-
riirerteflot,"' taking twenty-two years to build.
And even now it is admitted that with the
modern long-range guns vessels might steam
to within three miles, lay outside the breakwa-
ter and perhaps ruin if not reduce it, although
