1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39?3
Ohio road is guilty of a wrong that is inflicted
by no other company. That may be true.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to say that that
was merely a casual remark, and the president
of the road says he is going to correct it.
Mr. HENDERSON. That remark was le-
gitimate, but calling for the yeas and nays when
a Senator is speaking is not legitimate. I am
not complaining of the remark of the Senator
from Ohio. I desire to say that the railroad
companies all over the country are guilty of
things just as bad as those complained of in
the Baltimore and Ohio company. I was at
Niagara some time ago. There is a road from
Niagara up to the city of Buffalo. There you
strike the Erie road. Now, at Niagara you
can take a direct road over the New York
Central to New York city; but if you want to
take the New York Central up to Buffalo, and
there take the Erie, the New York Central
has it so arranged that you get into Buffalo
five or ten minutes after the train starts out
on the Erie road. It does not matter how the
Eric road arrange their trains, the New York
Central having the line from Niagara falls,
only twenty miles up to Buffalo, so arrange the
coming in of their trains that you are bound
to go on from Buffalo over the New York
Central anyhow, or else lay over for ten or
twelve hours there. That is as bad as any-
thing complained of in the Baltimore and Ohio
road. I know that the railroad companies are
guilty of this thing all over the country. They
undertake to force passengers and freight over
their roads, and any advantage they can take
of that sort they do. How far legislation
ought to bo indulged in in Congress in order to
correct this evil I am not able to say. J will
go with the Senator from Nevada very far to
correct it. I will go to the full extent of the
legislative powers of Congress under the Con-
stitution, and I am prepared any day to listen
to an argument from him demonstrating that
we have the power to do it, and I shall listen
to it very favorably, because these evils ought
to be corrected. I think, too, that we should
correct the evil which is complained of in
regard to the Baltimore and Ohio company.
If they refuse to give this facility that is asked,
it ought to be corrected; it is wrong; but in
all other respects I tell the Senator from Ne-
vada and every other Senator that the Balti-
more and Ohio road is complained of very
unjustly. 1 have seen no disposition on their
part to oppress the people or inflict any great
wrong or injury upon them. I know nothing
about their management further than the facts
to which I have now alluded.
Of course the Senator can defeat this meas-
ure, if he desires to do so, by calling the yeas
and nays. I tell him now that perhaps this
Washington and Alexandria Railroad Com-
pany can build this tunnel. I do not want to
take away from them the power to do it. I
desire them to do it, because they moved first
in this matter. The Baltimore and Ohio com-
pany do not want to do it. They do not want
to make this expenditure, because they arc
called upon to make an expenditure imme-
diately of seven or eight million dollars for
building a road from here to the Point of
Hocks, and they have not the money to expend
cu this tunnel, and do not want to do it. I
fear very much that, even if we give this power
to tlie Baltimore and Ohio company, they will
not do it.
Now, here is a difficulty to which I desire to
pall the attention of the Senator. In one of
die amendments reported by the committee
we give permission to this Washington and
Alexandria Ilailroad Company to run their
cars by steam across the streets of this city for
twelve months longer. The time within which
they were allowed to do it has now expired;
tuey have no further authority to do it; and
we "propose to extend the time. The Senate,
in the former investigation of this matter, said
that they would not extend the time unless
(ho work was immediately commenced on this
tunnel so as to avoid running over the public
grounds, and that if they did not see a dispo-
sition to build it immediately they would with-
draw this privilege, of running cars over the
public grounds. Now? the Senate committee
have giyen them this privilege for twelve months
longer in another amendment which has been
reported to this bill, and I hope that the Sen-
ator, if he desires to call the yeas and nays,
will call them upon the bill after we shall have
the whole bill before us. We give this privilege
for twelve months longer, and then say that un-
less within twelve months they shall show a dis-
position to build this tunnel, so that Congress
within a year from now may know whether they
will build a tunnel or not, we must close up the
public grounds and prevent their passing over
them. That seems to be the disposition of the
Senate. I feel no anxiety about this matter;
I feel no interest in it except to see a contin-
uous line between the North and the South;
and I do hope my friend, under the circum-
stances, will withdraw his objections to the bill.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. The Senator will remem-
ber that a year from this time we shall not be
in session, and howcan Congress know whether
the work of tunneling is going on or not?
Mr. HENDERSON. That may be; but
within a very short time after thatjwe shall bo
in session.
Mr. NYE. I do not like to occupy the time
of the Senate upon this question; but still I
think I see there is to be a great wrong inflicted
upon this little company.
Mr. HENDERSON. If it is in my power
to do it I will withdraw the amendment. Mr.
Garrett does not want to build this tunnel. I
am -trying to force it upon him.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
how Congress can compel the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company to build this tunnel.
Mr. HENDERSON. We cannot do it ex-
cept in this way.
Mr. NYE. I want to know when and how.
Mr. HENDERSON. We can say to them
that they shall no longer have the privilege of
running locomotives through the city unless
they go to work and begin tunneling over some
other line, and that will hold out an induce-
ment to them.
Mr. NYE. The question I want to ask the
Senator from Missouri is this: by what legis-
lation, and when was it, that you compelled the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to ex-
pend seven or eight million dollars to build
this cross-road to the Point of Rocks?
Mr. HENDERSON. The effect of our legis-
lation was to compel them to do so.
Mr. NYE. What authority has Congress to
compel any company to expend seven or eight
million dollars?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not got time to
state it now.
Mr. NYE. I guess not. Does the Senator
mean to say that that road to the Point of
Rocks was not commenced before this ?
Mr. HENDERSON. It has never been
commenced at all.
Mr. NYE. It has been talked of for a num-
ber of years by this company.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not commenced
now.
Mr. NYE. All I wish to say is this: every
effort that we make to open a channel of com-
munication between here and the city of New
York or any other point where this road has its
fangs, meets with its stern and stubborn oppo-
sition, and they claim, and it has been claimed
for them on this floor, that by their vested
rights they have a right to control this thing;
and I know that they stand like a wall against
letting any railroad into this city except what
they control. I do not propose by my vote
to put the capital of this nation under the con-
trol of the capital of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company or any other corporation.
I should like to ask the Senator one more
question. Where on the public grounds does
this road run now?
Mr. HENDERSON. Right in front of the
Capitol.
Mr. NYE. Precisely so; but that is a pub-
lic street.
Mr. HENDERSON. We have passed a bill
to extend the Capitol grounds.
Mr. NYE. But the Capitol grounds are nofc
to be extended this year, and what is the hutry ? *
Mr. HENDERSON. There is nothing to
prevent their being extended this year.
Mr. NYE. The grounds are not to "be
extended in that direction.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is not a street
there. It belongs to the public grounds, and"
the botanical garden beyond it belongs to the
public grounds.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
if this bill provides for an extension of the time
■within which the road is to run in front of the
Capitol.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; for twelve
months.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly there ought to
be a full session of the Senate before we vote
on that. It has been discussed in the Senate,
heretofore and voted down on a fair vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. ' That bill was_ post-
poned simply because we had no provision in
it for forcing them to commence the tunneling.
The Senate said they would not give them the
privilege to run on the public grounds unless
they manifested a disposition to go on and make
a tunnel and get off the public grounds. That
is just what this bill does.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it safe for
cars to run there by steam.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then why not give
them this privilege of tunneling?
Mr. STEWART. I do not feel very much
inclined to give that company any extra priv-
ileges. They do not extend any to anybody else.
Mr. HENDERSON. What company?
Mr. STEWART. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have withdrawn the
amendment in regard to the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company. What is the Sen-
ator talking about?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator report the amendment from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; but I ask
the privilege of withdrawing the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
withdrawn by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment is
withdrawn.
Mr. STEWART. Is it proposed to extend
the time to the Baltimore and Ohio road to run
in front of the Capitol until this other bank-
rupt company can construct the tunnel?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not.
Mr. STEWART. We might as well give
them thewight perpetually as to do that.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is only the bank-
rupt company that is now authorized to rum
there—this poor, bankrupt company that the
Senator's colleague has been talking about.,
,The Baltimore and Ohio company now have>
nothing to do with it.
Mr. MORRILL. My friend, the Senator
from Nevada, seems to be laboring under eu
misapprehension as to what this bill really is..
It is applicable to the Alexandria company.,
The Alexandria company are running theirf
cars now on the streets in front of the Capitol!,
by sufferance. They were obliged, before they
were authorized to run their road by steams
there, to get the consent of the corporation of'
Washington, and also the consent of Congress.
They got consent from the city of Washington,,
and early this session the Committee on tha
District of Columbia reported a hill giving the!
consent of Congress. That bill was rejected*
It was said that it was not safe to grant that,
privil ege, but that if this company would diverges
their line and run east of the Capitol, through
a tunnel, as they proposed to do, then we might,
temporarily allow them to run their cars in,
front of the Capitol until they could accom-
plish that purpose. This bill is to do that'
thing, and that is all there is of it.
Mr. STEWART. To run with steam?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; while they are-
building the tunnel.
