1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m.
raised to inquire, into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate Stales
of America, and to report whether they or any
of them are entitled to bo represented in either
House of Congress, with leave to report at any
time by bill or otherwise. It is true, as the
Senator says, that after having raised this com-
mittee, the Senate will not be likely to take
action in regard to the admission of the Sena-
tors from any of these States until the commit-
tee shall have had a reasonable time at least to
act and report; but it is very desirable that we
should have joint action ttpon this subject. It
would produce a very awkward and undesirable
state of things in the mind, I doubt not, of the
Senator from Indiana himself, if the House of
Representatives were to admit members from
one of the lately rebellious States and the Sen-
ate were to refuse to receive Senators from, the
same State.
We all know that the State organizations in
certain States of the Union have been usurped
and overthrown. This is a fact of which we
must ofliciallv take notice. There was a time
when the Senator from Indiana, as well as
myself, would not have thought of receiving a
Senator from the Legislature or what purported
to be the Legislature of South Carolina. When
the people of that State, by their representa-
tives, undertook to withdraw from the Union
and set up an independent government in that
State in hostility to the Union, when the body
acting as a Legislature there was avowedly act-
i';against this Government, neither he nor I
would ha\e receised representatives from it.
1 hat was a "usurpation which by force, of arms
we have put down. Now the question arises,
has a State government since been inaugurated
there entitled to representation? Is not that a
fair subject of inquiry? Ought wo not to be
satisfied upon that point? We do not make
such an inquiry in reference to members that
come from States which have never undertaken
to deny their allegiance to the Government of
the United States. Having once been admit-
ted as States, tliev continue so until by some
positive act they throw off their allegiance, and
assume an attitude of hostility to the Govern-
ment, and make war upon it; and while in that
condition I know we should all object that they,
of course, eouid not be represented in the Con-
gress of the United States. Now, is it not a
proper subject for inquiry to ascertain whether
they have assumed a position in harmony with
the Government; and is it not proper that
that inquiry should be made the subject of
joint action?
I think we could get at it in another way as
well perhaps as by this joint committee. We
could, by instituting a committee of our own,
or by referring this subject to a committee of
our own, have it investigated and have a resolu-
tion reported, as was done by the Judicialy C0111-
mittee of the Senate last session when a report
"was made, not in favor of admitting to seats
the pei sons claiming seats and who presented
credentials, but in favor of recognizing as legiti-
mate and lawful, and entitled to representation,
an organization which was set up after the re-
bellion had been put down in one of the rebel
States. If that resolution had been passed bv
the Senate, it would have gone to tlm Hot^e
of .Representatives, and in that way we should
have had concurrent action. I think we might
have it without this joint committee, and perhaps
quite as well; but the House of Representatives
have desired a joint committee on this subject:
we all desire joint action, cooperation. Ail the
friends of the I nion, all men who desire to see
harmony and good feeling restored between all
parts 01 the Union, must desire harmonious
action between the different branches of Con-
gress and all departments of the Government.
The House of liepresontatives thought, in
sending us this resolution, that the best way to
accomplish that was through a joint committee.
If I supposed it di\ested the Senate of its con-
stitutional pierogative to judge of the elections,
retui us, and qualifications of its own members,
I could not support it. I never would have
supported this resolution as it came from tho
House of Bepresentatives, because it would not
bear investigation. It is not susceptible^ in my
judgment, of the construction which my friend
from Rhode Island in his liberality was dis-
posed to put upon it, when he suggested that |
it might be questionable whether credentials '
went to this committee. As the resolution
was framed,_ and as it came from the House of
Representatives, it provided that until a report
should have been made by this committee and
finally acted on by Congress, "no member
shall be received into either House from any
of the so-called confederate States," expressly
providing that no member should be received
in either House; "and all papers relating to
the representation of said States shall be .re-
ferred to said committee without debate,
sending the credentials to a joint committee;
that is, raising a committee of the two Houses
to determine whether persons would be enti-
tled to seats in either House, which would cer-
tainly be a very extraordinary proceeding, and
one not warranted by the Constitution. But
as the resolution is altered I do not think it
susceptible of the construction which the Sen-
ator from Indiana puts upon it. I should have
said nothing but for his remarks, and I have
only said this much to preclude the idea that
I_v."ould vote for a resolution which took from
either House the constitutional prerogative
which the Constitution in express terms lias
conferred.
Mr.. DiXON. I desire to offer a proviso by
way of amendment, and I will only say that
without such proviso I cannot vote for tlic
resolution, My amendment is, after the words
"bill or otherwise"' to insert:
Provided, That nothmr; herein contained -hall be so
conhrued as to limit, re-1:e ;. or r.nn.ur the rip-lit of
each ItourC at rll times to jr d'-cc of the elections, re-
turns, and (iuaiiheations oi its; own members.
I ask for tho yeas and nays upon this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly think this
amendment unnecessary, but 1 have no sort of
objection to it. It does not alter the resolu-
tion. For one, I am entirely willing that this
proviso shall go upon the resolution; but cer-
tainly there is no necessity for it.
Mr. SUMNEit. It is simply introducing the
words of the Constitution. Nothing in this res-
olution, I take it, can set aside the Constitution.
The Senator from Conneetieut does not suppose
that a concurrent resolution of this body can
overturn the Constitution of the-United States'?
Mr. DiXON. Of course not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut will withdraw that amendment, I
do not see any need of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will do no harm.
Mv. AXXHOXY. It will do no harm, and
it would do no harm to provide that this reso-
lution shall not reduce the salary of the Presi-
dent of the United States. 'This amendment
is quite as mineees=ai-y as that Wuuid be. j
Mr. GUTHIlfE. 1 wish to ask the friends I
of this resolution if it is contemplated that this j
committee shall take evidence and report that J
evidence to the two Houses. If they are only 1
to take what is open to everv member of the ;
Senate, the fact that the reb^Uionhasbeen sup- \
pressed: the fact that the Pi evident of the U nitud !
Statcshasappointedouieersto colicet tlic-taxes. 1
and in some instances judges anu other oiheers : I
that he lias sent the po>;t office into all the j
States; that there hat e been found enough in- j
dividual? loyal to the couetry to accept the of- !
(ices: the fact that the President hasi-i-uedhis
proclamation lo all these Stales appoiiiting pi o- \
visional governors : that they have all elected j
conventions: that the conventions have re- 1
seinded the ordinances of secessionthat mest
of them have amended their constitutions and 1
abolished slavery, and the Legislatures of some ;
of them have passed the amendment to the Con- |
stitution on the subject of slavery—if they are ['
only to tule these facts which are open and -
clear to us all, T can see no necessity for such
a committee. My principal objection to the res- |j
olution is, that tliis committee can give us no in- !;
formation which we do sotnow possess, coupled
with the^ fact that the loyal 'conservative raw
of the United States, North, .South, Eastland
west do most earnestly desire thatyys-shaljeso
act that there shall be no longer .a doubt-that
we afe the United States of America in fujI
accord and harmony with each other. ■-
I know it has been said that the President
had no authority to do these things. - Iread%3
Constitution and the laws of this country, differ-
ently. He is to "take care that tho lawa toe
faithfully executed;" he is to suppress instte-
reetion and rebellion. Tl\e power isputin his
hands, and I do not see why, when he marches
into a rebel State, he has not authority to put
down a rebel government and put up a govern-
ment that is friendly to the United States, and
in accordance with it; I do not see why he can-
not do that while the war goes on, and I do not
see why he may not do it after the war is over.
The people in those States lie at the mercy of
tho nation. I see no usurjiation in what he has
done, and if the work is well done, I, for one,
am ready to accept it. Are we to send out a
commission to see what the men whom he has
appointed have done? It is said that they are
not to be relied on; that they have been guilty
of treason, and we will not trust them. I hope
that no such ideas will prevail here. I think
this will be a cold shock to the warm feelings
of the nation for restoration, for equal privi-
leges and equal rights. They were in insurrec-
tion. We have suppressed that insurrection.
They are now States of the Union; and if they
come here according to the laws of the States,
they are entitled, in my judgment, to represen-
tation. and we have no right to refuse it. They
are in a liiin orit.y, and they would be in a minor-
ity even if they meant now what they felt when
they raised their arms against the Government;
but they do not, and of those whom they will
send here to represent them, nineteen out of
twenty will be just as loyal as any of us—even
some of those who took up arms against us.
I really hope to see some one move a modi-
fication of the test oath, so that those who have
repented of their disloyalty may not be ex-
cluded, for I really believe that a great many
of those who took up arms honestly and wished
to carry out the doctrine of secession, and who
have succumbed under the force of our arms
and the great force of public opinion, can be
trusted a great deal more than those who did
not fight at all.
To conclude, gentlemen. I see no great harm
in this resolution except the procrastination that
will result from it, and that will give us noth-
ing but what we have before us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixox,] on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12. nays 31; as follows:
Yh '' ::--Me v. Bctckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tU\ G-uthne, Hendricks, Johnson. Jiesmitli, Hiddle,
,-Snrry, Ptocluou, and "YYriyhi—12.
X A YAnthony, Ih-owri, Chandler, Clark,
Conucss, OreswUl, Fesocndcn, Foot. Foster, ttrimcs,
lame of Indiana, Lane of Kaui-ar, Morgan,
Jl„rritl. Nerioe. Pol.nid, Pomeroy. Ramsey. Sher-
man, e\ Minuier, lruin1
W'ade. \Y iiI■;y. "Williams, "Wilson, and Yates—oi.
AJiSEXT—-Js si-;'. fee-Si, Davis, Henderson, Mo-
Doug-all, Xye, and Stewart—6.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the resolution, on which
the yeas and navs have been ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Tho amendments which
have been laadc to the resolution remove many
of the mo-it serious objections which existed
in mv mind to it as it canic from the House of
liepresematives ; but there is still one objec-
tion to it, and that is the inequality of the Sen-
ate with the other House upon tho committee
to consider these great questions, which is in-
superable in my mind, and constrains me to
vote asrainst it, and lo separate on this occa-
sion from- many of those with whom I usually
act on such questions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know from
those more conversant with tho practice of
