1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
they can only do within the limits of organized
States, restored to their constitutional relations
to tiie Government, by and.through an amend-
ment to your Constitution.
Mr. LATHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGTIAM. I will yield for a question
only.
Sir. LATHAM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] whether he
proposes to make the adoption of this consti-
tutional amendment by the constitutional ma-
jority of the States a condition precedent to
admitting the Representatives of any of the
eleven States that are not, now represented in
Congress?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not for me, Mr,
Speaker, or for any member of this House, to
suppose any such thin? as that. And I beg
leave to state further, in which I have no doubt
the venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevexs. | the chairman of the committee
on reconstruction on the part of the House,
will join me. that every endeavor ha= been nuvde
bythat committee.without regard 10 tliis amend-
ment, to present the case of Tennessee ; so that
by the sovereign act of the American people,
through the joint act of Congress, the con.-ti-
tutional relations of the State of Tennessee as
a State of this Union might be restored. I am
not at liberty to state, even if I knew, what the
committee intend to do in regard to that State.
J do know that the matter is still before us;
and that we have given it attention.
And I may be pardoned for reminding the
House at this point of my remarks, that when
early in the session the distinguished gentle-
man from New York [Mr. IIatmoxd] intro-
duced his resolution to refer the credentials of
■ gentlemen from the State of "Tennessee to the
joint committee, I rose in my placc here and
a«kcd him to be good enough to accept a sug-
gestion in the form of an instruction to the
joint committee to report to this House as soon
as practicable, whether Tennessee had a re-
organized constitutional government, and was
entitled to representation 111 Congress. And I
added, that as soon as Congress decided that
question 1 was ready to admit her llepresenta-
tives in accordance with the apportionment of
t >"'>'2. There is where 1 stand now ; I am leady
to cooperate with the House upon this sublet,
whenever the committee may leport, which I
trust will be at no distant day.
But that does not excuse ir- from tlie, con-
sideration of this question. The adoption of
this amendment is e^.-ential to the protection
of the Union men of Tennessee ; those grand,
true men, who " unshaken, unreduced, unter-
rified," their loyalty they kept, amid the howl
of treason, whose infernal engineery shook the
continent. And every honorable man sent
here from Tennessee to-day—and I believe
they are all honorable men—will bear iiu- wit-
ness when I say that the Union men of Ten-
nessee to-dav have 110 security except from the
armed presence of the United State- Govern-
ment there. And^when the State shall be re-
stored, and the troops of the Government with-
drawn, they will have 110 security in the future
except by force of national laws giving them
protection against those who have been in arms
against them.
Sir, the State of Tennessee is perhaps in a
better condition to-day than any other of the
eleven States that have been in insurrection,
and yet I state a fact, which 1 believe that people
will hereafter in 110 way contradict, when I say
that a large majority of the qualified voter? of
Tennessee, under the former constitution of
that State, are the sworn enemies of the loyal
State organization and the sworn enemies of
th" national Government. Will any man tell
me how forty thousand loyal and true men in
Tennessee can hold the power_ in that Stare
against ninety thousand who, in social posi-
tion, are equal to them, and who in wealth are
greatly superior to them?
Mr/ 0 RID Kit. Mr. Speaker, will the gen-
tleman allow me 
Mr. BINGHAM. Myfriendmustexcuseme,
although I am willing to oblige him at almost
any time.
Mr. GRIDEIi. I have only one question to
ask.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must decline, because
it interrupts the course of my argument. How-
ever, if it is not taken out of my time, I will
yield to my venerable friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Gridct,.]
Mr. GR1DER. I simply want the gentleman
to state, if ho pleases, whether the facts and
deductions which he is stating in relation to
Tennessee arc based upon his own information,
or whether he states them as conclusions which
have been arrived at by the joint committee.
Mr. BINGTIA M. The gentleman, if he had
noticed my remarks, would have observed that
I was referring to honorable gentlemen from
that State whom I have seen here. I am not
at liberty to speak about the proceedings of the
committee. Its report must speak for itself.
But I undertake to say that 110 report, will ever
be made by that committee, and 110 testimony
that discloses the truth about the matter will
fail to show that a large majority of the people
of 'Tennessee have declared themselves the
swom enemies of the State and the sworn
enemies of the nation.
Mr. GitlDEli. Does not the gentleman
know that there is a report to the contrary?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I know no such
thing. And I beg leave to say further, with-
out regard to the testimony taken by the com-
mittee touching the condition of the other
States, for I have not read it, but from infor-
mation which I have derived from casual con-
versations with gentlemen who are residents of
those States, anil in whom I have confidence,
that it will prove to be the fact that the rebels
will be found in a majority of three to one or
four to one'in every one of the States that have
been engaged in the rebellion, except in Ten-
nesfe.
11 ow will you prevent that overpowering
majority from taking possession of those recon-
structed governments? Do you call it a "re-
publican government'' within the meaning of
the Constitution to main tain a minority in power
indclinitely in a State by federal bayonets? 1
do not, nor does any other intelligent man.
What then ? Why. according to the programme
before us, those rebels are all to be sworn in—
sworn in upon an oaih that makes 110 eondi-
ticms. as announced in the President s speech
the other day at the \\ hite Holism, save that
thev will hereafter support the Confitimtion.
They are all to be sworn in and to be allowed
to assume the control of their respective States.
Where is the power in Congress, unless this or
some similar amendment be adopted, to pre-
vent the reenactment of those infernal statutes
of banishment and confiscation and imprison-
ment am! murder under which people have suf-
fered in those States during the last tour years?
Let some man answer. \Y hy, sir. the gent leman
from New \ork [Mr. Haix] himself ye4orday
gave up the argument 011 this point. He said
that the citizens must rely upon the State for
their protection. I admit that, such is the rule
under the Constitution us it now stands.
1 beg leave to read, in continuation of the
truth of what I say, an utter,nice made in the
hearing of the whole people of this country in
1783, when the Constitution was on trial for its
deliverance. I read from No. Jo of the fed-
eralist. a paper written by James .Madison :
"The iv>vru -s reserved to the Fedora! Stares will
extend ?<> all the ob:cot^ which, in the uulinarj eonrsc
of concern the live-, liberties, and properties
of the people. and the info nal order, improvement,
and prosperity of the Stale.'5
1 submit that this is the text of the Consti-
tution, except as to the new amendment pro-
hibiting slavery, and providing for legislation
to prevent it except as punishment lor crime.
It stands a-i the raling of the Supreme^Court of
the United States in the great case ot_MeCul-
lough i-a. The State of Maryland, in 4 ^ heaton.
It stands as the ruling of the same tribunal in
the ease of Ogden vs. Gibbons, 111 '•) Peters. It
stands, in shoit. as the mulorm 1 iliug of the
Supreme Court of the United States, concurring
with the continued action of the other depart-
ments of the Government from the year 1789
till this hour, there being no law anywhere upon
our statute-books to punish penally any State
officer for denying in any State to any citizen
of-the United States protection in the rights of
life, liberty, and property. It stands as'the
'very text of the Constitution itself, which de-
clares that—
" Tho powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States
are reserved to the States respectively or to the
people."
The word "powers" controls the whole
question. The Government of the. United
States has no legislative powers, save the ex-
press grants and the general grant to pass
all laws which shall be necessary and proper
to carry into execution all other powers vested
by the Constitution in the Government of the
United States, or in any department or any
officer thereof, and the implied powers neces-
sary to carry the express powers into effect.
A grant of power, according toall construction,
is a very different thing from a bill of rights.
In support of what I have said on this point I
ask attention to the following citations:
McCullough vs. Maryland, 4 \Vheaton, 405,
Marshall, C. J., says:
"The Constitution of the United States is one of
limited and expressly delegated powers, wliich can
only be exorcised as gran ted, or in cases enumerated."
Speaking of the authority given to Congress
hy the last clause of the first article, eighth
section, of the Constitution, Judge Story in his
Commentaries, section 1H38, says :•
" Tho plain import of this elnuse is, that Congress
dial! have ail the incidental and instrumental poweis
necessary and proper to carry info execution all tho
express puwei.s. It neither enlarges any power spe-
cifically ?'i anted, nor is it a gia.nt of any new power
to Congress."
In Martin vs. Hunter's Lessee, 1 Wheatou,
o2(i, it is said:
"The Government of the United States can claim
no powers winch arc not granted to it by the Consti-
tution, and the powers actually granted arc such as
are expiessly giren or given by necessary implica-
tion."
Ill Gibbons vs. Ogden, 9 Wheaton, 187, Chief
Justice Marshall, speaking of the Constitution,
says:
"This instrument eontainsan enumeration of pow-
ers expressly granted by the people to their Govern-
ment."
In Kent's Commentaries, volume one, pages
f!SS there is this language:
"The correct principle is that whenever the terms
in winch the power was granted to Congress, or tho
natnic of the powcrrequired that it should be exclu-
sively exercised by Congress, the subject was as eom-
pletelv taken away from the State Legislatures as if
they had been expressly torbidden to act upon it." a
You have the express power to define the
punishment of treason; the express power to
punish the counterfeiting of coin or securities
of the United States; the express power to
define and punish piracies atul felonies com-
mitted upon the high seas,atid offenses against
the law of nations; exclusive legislative power
within this District; express powers to govern
all Territories; but where isthe express power
to define and punish'crimes committed in any
State by its official officers in violation of the
lights of citizens and persons as declared in
the Constitution? And from what expressly
delegated power in the Constitution can any
such power be implied? Passing the anti-
slavery amendment, is there any one prepared
to say that the bill of rights confers express
legislative power on Congress to punish State
I officers for a willful and corrupt disregard of
their oaths and oppressive and flagrantly unjust
violations of tho declared^ rights of every citi-
zen and every free man in every free State.
The words of Madison cited are very signifi-
cant: " The powers reserved to the several States
will extend to all the objects which concern
' the lives, liberties, and properties of the peo-
| The fact is that Congiess li.\s ne\er by
I penal enactment in all the past attempted to
i enforce these rights of the people in any State
! of the Union. _
! Sir, the great question is presented *pr tho
I consideration of the House and the country,
