1094
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
February 28,
shall these States, all of them, be restored in.
their present condition, and with 110 new secu-
rities taken by the people for the future? Shall
South Carolina be thus restored, for'example,
nine tenths of her people who vote having been
rebels in arms' or directly engaged in rebellion
against the country, and her Governor having
been an active member of the rebel senate at
Richmond during the foutyears' trial, now act-
ing Governor over the loyal men of the State?
Is that State to be restored without the power
in Congress to protect the few loyal white men
there against State statutes of confiscation and
statutes of banishment? Andfortlie emancipated
slaves of South Carolina are you to have no
power save to prohibit their reduction again to
slavery exccpt as punishment for crimes against
the laws of South Carolina? Let some gentle-
man who opposes this amendment stand up in
his place and answer to the country how, after
these States are restored to political power, the
Government of the United States can by law
intervene, exceptas toslavery, undertlie Consti-
tution of the United States, as it now stands,
to protect the loyal white minority or the loyal
but disfranchised colored majority in that State
against banishment?
The SPEAKER, The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. T hope the gentleman from
Ohio will be allowed to finish his speech. Ho
is the most liberal man on the other side of the
IIou.se. He has allowed full debate on this
amendment, whereas if it had been reported
by another, debate would have been cut off at
once by the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. I am willing the gentle-
man from Ohio shall continue his remarks. I
will be. happy to give him from my time such
portion as lie wants.
The SPEAKEit. Thegcntlenian from New
York has tin; floor, and can yield for explana-
tion to any gout Ionian ho pleases.
Mr. STEVENS. I am reminded that sev-
eral of our employes get no pay because we
have not passed the appropriation -bill. If it
will be agreeable to the gentleman to, make his
remarks a few days hcnco, I will move we now
proceed to the consideration of one of the ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. CONKLING. I sought the floor for a
purpose which will accommodate tltxj gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, if he will allow me, as
well as the gentleman from Ohio. Of course
the gentleman from Ohio does not wish to post-
pone his remarks. If he wants to complete
ihein, lie wants to complete them now. lie
may take such portion of my time as he wants,
leaving the floor to me at the conclusion of his
remark^
I am obliged to the gen-
How m,uoh time do you
Very little more.
1 yield to tho gentleman
4
Mr. BINGHAM.
tleir.an,
Mr. CONKLING.
want?
Mr. BINGHAM.
Mr. CONKLING.
indefinitely.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I have al-
ready culled the attention of the House to tho
condition of South Carolina, in which i will be
sustained by the facts already before tho House
and before the country touching that people.
I call the attention of the House also to the
condition of Mississippi. How is it that a man
who fought in the armies against the country
throughout all these years of conflict—a man
who, f believe, hud a rebel commission as brig-
adier general— is elected Govern or of that State,
and is now Governor over that people? Tliepeo-
ple who would elect Humphreys Governor are
doubtless the people who followed Humphreys
in the war for treason, in the War for the dis-
memberment of the Union. Now, we are told
by these gentlemen to make haste to restore
all of those States and permit them to l-eenact,
by law the crimes which they have inflict,ed by
force for the last four years.
( I think there are exceptions among those
States. I think there is a greater proportion
of loyal men in some than in others. I think if?
may become the accepted policy of this House,
and I trust it will, to admit such States as are
so far advanced in reconstruction and reorgani-
zation and an honest return to allegiance under
the Government as will enable them to consoli-
date their strength and maintain a republican
constitutional State government.
It seems to me equally clear if you intend to
have these thirty-six States one under our Consti-
tution, if you intend every citizen of every State
shall in the hereafter have the immunities and
privileges of citizens in the several States, you
must amend the Constitution. It cannot be
otherwise. Restore those States with a maj ority
of rebels to political power, and they will cast
their ballots to exclude from the protection of
the laws every man who bore arms in defense of
the Government. Tho loyal minority of white
citizens and the disfranchised colored citizens
will be utterly powerless. There is no efficient
remedy for it without an amendment to your
Constitution. A civil action is no remedy for a
great public wrong and crime.
Nobody dreams, if we admit these States
unqualifiedly, but some of their officials would
violate their oaths as they have heretofore done
and clothe themselves with perjury as with a
garment in order to sweep away the rights of
loyal men, and be avenged upon them for their
fidelity to the sacred causc ofthc Constitution,
and the laws.
Sir, we are no longer permitted to doubt that
whole communities are capable of so great in-
famy and perfidy. They did this in eleven of
these States five years ago, and if they did it
once may they not do it again?
We are told they will be in terror of tho
prowess of your arms. Ay, they have occa-
sion to be in terrorof the prowess o{your arras,
and they will doubtless avoid any such conflict
again. But the point I desire to make clear
is, that unless you put them in terror of the
power of your laws, made efficient by the
solemn act of tho whole people to punish the
violators of oaths, they may defy your restricted
legislative power when reconstructed; thej" may
dismember your Union and rend it into frag-
ments and drive into banishment every loyal man
in all those rebel States, and hold as their heri-
tage a territory half as large as continental
Europe without firing a gun or daring again to
commit tho overt act of treason,■ With these
convictions of the power of the rebel popu-
lation when their States are fully restored, I
urge this amendment upon the consideration
of tho House and upon the consideration of
the country. I pray gentlemen to consider
well the, vote they may give now or at a future
day when we come to act finally upon this
measure.
The present rejection of this measure and the
admission to full representation of all the rebel
States now, may bring your institutions into
peril. Whatever maybe the result I shall not
despair of tho Republic. My trust will bo in
tho people to whoso decision L ask you to com-
mit, this amendment—that groat people who
saved their imperiled Constitution amid the
fire and tempest of battle. They will, I trust,
though it may be not without additional sacri-
fice, correct all errors, perfect, their Constitu-
tion, cnforce by just and equal laws all its pro-
visions, and so fortify and strengthen the Re-
public that it will stand unmoved until empires
and nations perish.
Mr. Speaker, I speak in behalf of this amend-
ment in no party spirit, in no spirit of resent-
ment toward any State or the people of any
State, in no spirit of innovation, but for the sake
of a violated Constitution and a wronged and
wounded country whose heart is now smitten
with a strange, great sorrow. I urge the amend-
ment for the enforcement of these essential pro-
visions of your Constitution, divine in their jus-
tice, sublime in their humanity, which declare
that all men are equal in the rights of life and
liberty before the majesty of American law.
Representatives, to you I appeal, that here-
after, by your act and the approval of the loyal
people of this country, every man in every State
of the Union, in accordance with the written
words of your Constitution, may, by the national
law, be secured in the equal protection of his per-
sonalrights. Your Constitution provides that
no man, no matter what Iris color, no mat-
ter beneath what sky he may have been born,
no matter in what disastrous conflict or by what
tyrannical hand his liberty may have been clo-
ven down, no matter how poor, no matter how
friendless, no matter how ignorant, shall be
deprived of life or liberty or _ property without
due process of law—law in its highest sense,
that law which is the perfection of human reason,
and which is impartial, equal, exact justice:
that justice which requires that every man shall
have his right; that justice which is the highest
duty of nations as it is the imperishable attri-
bute of the God of nations.
Mr. IIATjE. Before the gentleman takes his
seat will he allow me to ask a single question
pertinent to this subject ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes sir.
Mr. HALE. I desire after hearing the gen-
tleman's argument, in which I have been much
interested as a very calm, lucid, and logical
vindication of tho amendment, to ask him, as
an able constitutional lawyer, which he has
proved himself to be, whether in his opinion
this proposed amendment to the Constitution
does not confer upon Congress a general power
of legislation for the purpose of securing to all
persons in the several States protection of life,
liberty, and property, subject only to the qual-
ification that that protection shall be equal.
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe it does in regard
to life and liberty and property as I have here-
tofore stated it; the right to real estate being
dependent on the State law except when granted
by the United States. «
Mr. HALE. Excuse me. If I understand
the gentleman, he now answers that it does
confer a general power to legislate on the sub-
ject in regard to life and liberty, but not in
regard to real estate. I desire to know if he
means to imply that it extends to personal
estate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Undoubtedly it is true.
Let the gentleman look to the great Mississippi
case, Slaughter and another, which is familiar,
doubtless, to all the members of the House, and
he will find that under the Constitution the per-
sonal property of a citizen follows its owner,"
and is entitled to bo protected in the State into
which lie goes.
, Mr? HALE. The gentleman misapprehends
my point, or else I misapprehend his answer.
My question was whether this provision, if
adopted, confers upon Congress general powers
of legislation in regard to the protection of life,
liberty, and personal property. '
Mr. BINGHAM. It certainly does tms: it
confers upon Congress power to see to it that
the protection given by the laws of the States
shall be equal in respect to life and liberty and
property to all persons.
Mr. HALE. Then will the gentleman point
me to that clause or part of thi s resolution which
contains the doctrine ho hei'e announces?
Mr. BINGHAM. Tho words "equal pro-
tection" contain it, and nothing else.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Mr. Speaker, I have not
sought the floor for the purpose of discussing
the merits of this amendment. It was intro-
duced several weeks ago and considered in "the
committee of fifteen. At that time and always
I felt constrained to withhold from it my sup-
port as one of tho committee, and when the
consent of tho committee was given to its being
reported I did not concur in the report. So
much I deem it fair and right to say.
There are, Mr. Speaker, I know, a number
of gentlemen upon the one side and the other
of this,question who wish further time to con-
sider it, if not to discuss it, and I therefore
intend, without any hostility to the gentleman
who has it in charge, but at least, I think, by *
his quasi consent, to make a motion to post- 1
pone. But before I do so, my colleague, [Mr.
HotchkisSjJ I believe, wants to say a word,
and if he will say it now I will allow him to do
so and then resume the floor.
