8974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Mr. STEWART. At what rate of speed?
Do you regulate that?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; that is all
regulated.
Mr. STEWART. Row?
Mr. HENDERSON. If you will only listen
to the amendments) you will find that that is
all provided for.
Mr. MORRILL. That is all there is in this
bill. The Senator who has charge of the bill,
it seems, anticipating that they might not ac-
complish this work, and that thus it.would fail
utterly, and there would be no connection
across the city if they did not do it, author-
ized# this other company, the Baltimore and
Ohio company, to do it. That amendment is
withdrawn. The only question, therefore, is
whether we will authorize this company to di-
verge their line east of the Capitol, through a
tunnel, and make a connection off here with
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and in the
mean time grant them the authority to run
their cars by steam in front of the Capitol,
which they have no authority to do now. I
understood it to be the sense of the Senate,
on a former occasion, that we would authorize
them to do that temporarily, until they could
make this connection; and we have made this
bill, as we understood, in conformity with the
former judgment of the Senate. That is all
there is of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The next
amendment reported by the committee will be
read.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was in section [three] two, lines six and
seven, to strike out the words " Sixth street,
and also at its intersection with;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That the provisions
of sections three and four of the act to which this is
an amendment shall be applicable to the extension
-f said road or ttacks as hereby authorized, and that
it shall be lawful lor said company to construct a
Ji,)w or otfccr bridcc across the Washington canal at
its intersection with D street south, of such plans and
aiioensions as may be approved by the corporation
of Washington, and so as not to interfere with the
navigation of said canal. And also to usesteam power
in the transportation of passengers and freight over
said railroad and branches, subject, however, to such
restrictions and regulations as may be imposed by the
corporate authorities of the city of "Washington in
respoct to such portion thereof as may be located in
said city.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
three the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted,< That the consent
of Congress be, and the same is hereby, granted for
a period of twelve months from the passage of this
aet to the Alexandria, Washington, and Georgetown
Bailroad Company to use steam power in drawing
the cars of said company on the struetur^cross the
Potomac river erected by said company under the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to extend the
charter of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad
Company, and tor other purposes," approved March
3,1863, and along the railway now laid by said com-
pany, or which may be hereafter laid, under thopro-
visions of the said act, along Maryland avenue and
I-irst street west, in the city of Washington, to the
present depot of tho Washington branch of the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad, subject always, and in all
particulars, to such restrictions and regulations con-
cerning the use of such steam power as the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington may. by its ordinances,
at any time impose on the railroad company: Pro-
vided, That the said company shall not propel their
engines at a greater rate of speed than five miles per
hour within the corporate limits of Washington city.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the gentlemen hav-
ing this bill in charge that that time had better
be made eighteen months instead of twelve.
As suggested by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, at the end of twelve months Congress will
not be in session. Nobodj? expects that this
tunnel will be completed in twelve months;
and it will be but fair to have this privilege
expire during the session of Congress, so that
they can renew it if they desire to do so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. NYE. I move then to amend the
•amendment by striking out "twelve" and
inserting "eighteen."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourth and fifth sections of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the said rail-
road- company shall be required to pay any and all
damages that may result to private property from the
extension of said road, and the tunneling under the
several lots and squares of ground as heretofore pro-
vided ; and that in the event the owner or owners of
such property and the said company cannot agree as
to the amount of such damages, or the value of any
private property so appropriated for the purposes of
such extension of said road, such proceedings shall
thereupon be had for the appropriation and assess-
ment of the damages thereof as are authorized and
required under the laws now in force in the District
of Columbia regulating appropriations and assess-
ment of damages for opening roads, streets, and alleys
in said District. That upon thepaymentto the owner
or owners of the amount of such award of damages,
or the lawful tender thereof, together with the pay-
ment of all costs of such proceedings, the said com-
pany shall acquire the right to use and occupy for the
purposes of said railroad all such lands so appropri-
ated, in such a manner as may be necessary for the
proper working and running said road.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if at any
time any other railroad company shall or may de-
sire to use and occupy the said tunnel so authorized
by this act, either on the same track or another one
alongside thereof, any such company shall have the
right to do so upon such fair and reasonable terms as
may be agreed upon by said parties to such joint oc-
cupancy. In case parties cannot agree on terms, the
supreme court of the District of Columbia shall fix
the terms.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendments were concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read
a third time. It was read the third time and
passed.
aqueduct bridge at georgetown.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 395, the only remaining bill that we have.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope not. This is
the only bill remaining. Let us take it up at
anv rate and dispose of it in some way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky withdraw his motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 395) relating to the aqueduct bridge of the
Alexandria Canal Company over the Potomac
river at Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia, was read a second time.
The Secretary commenced the reading of
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill has been taken up ;
it is a bill of some length; and I will now
move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Let the bill be read
through.
Mr. DAVIS. It might as well not be read ;
the majority of the members will know no
more about it than if it was not read. I insist
on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at fifteen minutes past ten o'clock) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 20, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
national cemeteries.
Mr. DEMING, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill to establish and to protect national ceme-
teries ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
soldiers' and sailors' national fair.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution relating to the build-
ing lately occupied for a national fair in aid of
the_ orphans of thesoldiers and sailors of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
It provides that the building recently occu-
pied for the national fair, with the materials
of which it is composed, and the tools used in
its construction and necessary to keep it in
repair, shall be appropriated to the use of the
directors of the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home for an additional fair in aid of
said orphans, and. for other purposes deemed
by the directors to be expedient in furtherance
of this national eharity.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BONDS.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back House bill No. 772, to authorize
the issue of certain bonds in denominations
greater than $1,000, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that hereaf-
ter bonds of the United States, authorized by
the act of July 1, 1862, to aid in the construc-
tion of railroad and telegraph lines from the
Missouri river to the Pacifie ocean, and by the
acts amendatory thereof, may be issued in de-
nominations greater than $1,000 at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury; pro-
vided, however, that it shall at all times be
optional with any railroad company whether
they will receive bonds of a larger denomina-
tion than $1,000.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tapping government water-pipes.
Mr. F. THOMAS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, by unanimous consent, reported
back House bill No. 775, in relation to the
unlawful tapping of Government water-pipes.
The bill was read. It declares the unlawful
tapping of any water-pipes laid down in the
District of Columbia by authority of the Uni-
ted States to be a misdemeanor and an indict-
able offense, and upon conviction of such an
offense in the criminal court of the District of
Columbia imposes a penalty not exceeding
$500 or imprisonment not exceeding one year.
And it is made the special duty of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings to bring to the
notice of the attorney of the United States for
the District of Columbia or to the grand jury
any infraction of that law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. F. THOMAS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
equalization 01? pay oi' house employes.
Mr. ROLLINS, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, by unanimous consent, introduced a bill
to equalize the pay of the officers and employes
of the House of Representatives, to prohibit an
allowance of extra compensation, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, together with the
accompanying tables, and recommitted.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had examined and found truly enrolled an
act (H. R. No. .3) to revive the grade of Gen-\
eral in the United States Army; when tho
Speaker signed the same.
admission of tennessee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the regular
order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the regular order, being the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, which wuj House
