.30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
these committees, how a rote is to be taken
in committee, whether it is to be taken per
capita, or whether the members of each branch
vole separately. If the vote is to be taken per
capita, we put ourselves entirely in the power
of the House of Representatives, they having
nine members of the committee and we only
six._ As the resolution stands, with that dis-
parity,. I shall be obliged to vote against it.
Mr. GRIMES. I think we can sclect six
who will take care of the interests of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. JOHNSON. But they are to make a
report; the object is to make a report, and that
report will enable us to act understandingly on
a subject over which we have exclusive juris-
diction ; but it may be a report against the opin-
ion of all the members of the Senate on the
•committee. I think, therefore, it would be
better for the Senate to reconsider the question
as to the number of member.? of the committee,
so that 'whatever may come from the committee
will be the judgment of a majority of an equal
number, six or nine, of each House.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. If the committee con-
sisted of an equal number from each House we
should be in the same predicament, without a
report. Neither House would have a majority,
and a report could not be made without the
assent of some members from the.other House.
Mr. JOHNSON. Butthis is no report, and
I want a report."
Mr. ANTHONY. It is competent for the
Senate to receive the views of a minority of a
committee at any time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thatisnot bindinginany
•way. The object is to get a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution as amend-
ed, upon which the yeas and nays hare been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 11; as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, CresweD, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Urimes,
Harris, Howard, Howo. Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomcroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalcw, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Iiiddle, Saulsbury,
Stoekton, and Wright—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Davis, Henderson, Mc-
Dougall, and Nesmitli—5.
So the resolution, as amended, was concurred
in, as follows:
,Resolvetl by the House of Representatives, (tho Sen-
ato concurring,) That a joint committee of fifteen
members shall be appointed, nine of whom shall bo
mombers of the Houso and six members of tho Sen-
ate, who shall inquire into thoeondition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States of
America, and report whether they, or any of them, are
entitled to be represented in either House of Congress,
Wifcli leavo to report at anytime by bill or otherwise.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to call up for
consideration a resolution of inquiry that I of-
fered yesterday, requesting the President to
furnish information as to the condition of the
southern States of the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator waive
that motion to allow me to withdraw some pa-
pers ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to withdraw t
from the files of the Senate the memorial of i
Aaron Van Camp and Virginius P.* Chapin, j
praying for indemnity for the illegal seizure of ;
property in the Navigators' Islands. No ad-
verse action lias ever taken place. The par-
ties desire leave to withdraw the papers, I be-
lieve, with a view of presenting them else-
where.
Leave was granted.
condition op southern states.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President  
Mr. COWAN. I think my motion has pre-
cedence. I have not yielded the floor to other
motions.
Mr. WILSON. A motion to adjourn was
made.
Mr. COWAN. That motion has been with-
drawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania is cer-
tainly before the body.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a motion
which can be disposed of in a moment.
Mr. COWAN. My resolution ought not to.
take more than a moment. It is the first reso-
lution of inquiry that I have seen attempted to
be throttled in this way, in my experience in
this body. If the Senate do not require the in-
formation that this resolution seeks to give to
them, it is proper that it should be met squarely
and voted down. In fact I have never before
seen a resolution of inquiry here invite even to
debate. I desire that the body should consider
it; I offered it respectfully, and I desire for it
a respectful consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution indicated by him.
Mr. CONNESS. What is tho resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted
yesterday by Mr. Cowan, as follows:
Jirsohed, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested to furnish to the Senate
information of the state of that portion of "the Union
lately in rebellion; whether the rebellion has been
suppressed and tho United States put again in pos-
session of the States in which it existed: whether the
United Statescourtsare restored, post offices reestab-
lished, and the revenues collected; and also whether
tho people of those Stateshave reorganized theirState
governments, and whether they are yielding obe-
dience to the laws and Government of the United
States.
The, motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to, and the Senate proceeded to its con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting at the end of it these words;
And at the same time to furnish to tho Senate cop-
ies of such reports as lie may have received iron! ofli-
oeis or agents appointed to visit this portion of tho
Union, including especially any repoits of Hon. John
Covode and Major General Oarl Schurz.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in tho
power of the Senator to accept tho amendment,
the Senate not having acted on tho resolution;
tho amendment is therefore a part of the reso-
lution.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 23) to prevent the spread
of foreign diseases among the cattle of the
United States was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
The bill (H. R. No. 21) to amend an act en-
titled "An act providing for the selection of
jurors to serve in the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia'' was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on tho District
of Columbia.
iowa soldiers' orphans' iiome.
The joint resolution (II. 11. No. 18) grant-
ing ccrtain public property to the Soldiers'
Orphans' Home of Iowa, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of that joint resolu-
tion at this time; and on that motion I desire
simply to say that the resolution merely grants
the right of the United States to certain bar-
racks at Camp Kinsman, near Davenport, in
the State of Towa, to an orphans' asylum, an
asylum established for the benefit of the orphans
of*soldiers, and they are now in jiossession.
Tho barracks were erected by the State, but
were taken possession of by the United States
and occupied by tho military authorities of the
United States until recently. Ry the reading
of the resolution it will be discovered that it
only grants what little territory there may be
there and tho lumber of which the barracks are
constructed. The orphans are already in pos-
session, and I am told by one of my colleagues
in the House of Representatives that there are
two or thi*ee hundred of them, a number in
excess even of the accommodations the bar-
racks afford.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of this joint
resolution certainly meets my approbation, but
I wish to say to the Senator from Iowa that if
it is passed without consideration it will set a
precedent for numerous just such cases. Chari-
table institutions all over the United States are
applying for barracks and other pubKc property.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that if the Senator proposes to object
to tho consideration of thp joint resolution, de-
bate is not in order. If tho Senator debates
the resolution, he will be considered a's waiv-
ing objection, and it will be open to discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that on a mo-
tion to proceed to the consideration of a res-
olution, it is proper to state reasons why we
should not proceed to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is not yet properly before the Senate.
The question now is simply whether there is
an objection to its present consideration. It
came from the House of Representatives, has
had two readings without objection, and the
Senator from Iowa asks for its present consid-
eration. To that ai^r Senator may object, and
if objection be made debate is not in order; but
if objection be waived, of course debate is iu
order upon the question of its reference or its
passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
President that the resolution is before the Sen-
ate on its passage?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not at all.
It is before the Senate for consideration, unless
its consideration be objected to. That is. it is
before the Senate to be considered, cither to be
referred, or passed, or otherwise disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to refer it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no need to refer it; it will be laid aside on ob-
jection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I suppose it is com-
petent to move that the resolution be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENTpvo tempore. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion,
and now 1 will say what I desired to say, which
was simply that this will be opening the door
for a very large class of eases, and I submit to
the Scnatoi from Iowa whether we had not bet-
ter at once have a general bill donating to the
several States wheic they arc situated, or to
charitable institutions that desire to take pos-
session of this property, the different barracks
that are no longer needed by the Government.
I have no objection to the object of this joint
resolution; I do not know but that the best
disposition which can be made of this species
of public property of the United States in the
loyal States will be to turn it over in this way;
but I assure the Senator from Iowa that there
will be a great many such applications as this.
If ihe Senate is prepared to pass the measure
without consideration, if Senators think proper
to let it go through and establish the precedent,
I shall not object, having called the attention
of tho Senate to it. I now withdraw my mo-
tion to refer.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew my motion
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 12, 18Gu.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bo-s.vrox.
Ihe Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
contested electtox.
The SPEAKER laid before the House evi-
dence in the contested-election case of Boyd
vs. Kelso, in the fourth congressional district
of Missouri; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
