1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
Mr. HOTCHKISS. My excuse for detain- [
ing the House is simply that I desire to explain j
why I shall vote in a manner that may be re-
garded as ineonsistent with my usual votes iu
this II onse.
1 have 110 douj^t that I desire to secure every
privilege and every right to every citizen in the
United States that the gentleman who reports
this resolution desires to secure. As I under-
stand it, his object in offering this resolution
and proposing this amendment is to provide
that no State shall discriminate between its
citizens and give one class of citizens greater
rights than it confers upon another. If this
amendment secured that, I should vote very
cheerfully for it to-day; but as I do not regard
it as permanently securing those rights, I shall
vote to postpone its consideration until there
can be a further conference between the friends
of the measure, and w e can devise some means !
whereby we shall secure those rights beyond a
question.
I understand the amendment as now pro-
posed by its terms to authorize Congress to
establish uniform laws throughout the United
States upon the subject named, the protection
of life, liberty, and property. I am unwilling
that Congress shall have any such power. Con-
gress already lias the power to establish a uni-
form rule of naturalization and uniform laws
upon the subject of bankruptcy. That is as for
as I am willing that Congress shall go. The
object of a Constitution is not only to confer
power upon the majority, but to restrict -the
power of the majority and to protect the rights
. of the minority. It is not indulging iu imagi-
nation to any great stretch to suppose that we
may have a Congress here who would establish
such rules in my State as I should be unwilling
to be governed by. Should the power of this
Government, as the gentleman from Ohio fears,
pass into the hands of the rebels, I do not want
rebel laws to govern and be uniform through-
out this Union.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will par-
don me. The amendment is exactly in the
language of the Constitution ; that is to say, it
secures to the citizens of each of the States all
the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several States. It is not to transfer the laws
of one State to another State at all. It is to
secure to the citizen of each State all the priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens of the United
States in the several State?. If the State laws
do not interfere, those immunities follow under
the Constitution.
Mr. ITOTCHKISS. Constitutions should
have their provisions so plain that it will be
unnecessary for courts to give construction to
them: they should be so plain that the common
mind can understand them.
The first part of this amendment., to which
the gentleman alludes, is precisely Tike the
present Constitution; it confers no additional
powers. It is the latter clause wherein Congress
is given the power to establish these uniform
laws throughout the United States. Now. if the
gentleman's object in, as I have no doubt it is,
to provide against a discrimination to the injury
or exclusion of any class of citizens in any State
from the privileges which other classes enjoy,
the right should be incorporated into the Con-
stitution. It should be a constitutional right
that cannot be wrested from any class of citi-
zens, or from the citizens of any State by mere
legislation. But this amendment proposes to
leave it to the caprice of Congress; and your
legislation upon the subject would depend upon
the political majority of Congress, and not upon
two thirds of Congress and three fourths of the
States.
Now, I desire that the very privileges for
which the gentleman is contending shall be
secured to the citizens; but I want them se-
cured by a constitutional amendment that legis-
lation cannot override. Th'.m if the gentle-
man wishes to go farther, and provide by laws
of Congress for the enforcement of these rights,
I will go with him.
But now, when we liavc the power in this
Government, the power in this Congress, and
the power in the States to Aake the Constitu-
tion what we desire it to be, 1 want to secure
those rights against accidents, against the ac-
cidental majority of Congress. Suppose that
we should have here the influx of rebels which
the gentleman predicts; suppose a hundred
rebels should come here from the rebel States.
Then add to them their northern sympathizers,
and a reasonable percentage of deserters from
our side, and what would become of this legis-
lation? And what benefitwouldthe black man
or the white man derne from it? Place these
guarantees in the Constitution iu such a way
that they cannot be stripped from us by any
accident, and I will go with the gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, I make these remarks because
I do not wish to be placed in the wrong upon
this question. I think the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr.-Bixon.vM] is not sufficiently radical
in his views upon this subject. I think lie is a
conservative. [Laughter.] I do not make th'e
remark in any offensive sense. Butlwanthim
to go to the root of this matter.
Ills amendment is not as strong as the Con-
stitution now is. The Constitution now gives
equal rights to a certain extent to all citizens.
This amendment provides that Congress may
pass laws to enforce these rights. Why not
provide by an amendment to the Constitution
that no State shall discriminate against any
class of its citizens; and let that amendment
stand as a part of the organic law of the hind,
subject only to be defeated by another consti-
tutional amendment. We may pass laws here j
to-day, and the next Congress may uipe them
out. "Where is your gnaiantee then?
Lei us have a little time to compare our views
upon this subject, and agree upon an amend-
ment that shall secure beyond question what
the gentleman desires to secure. It is with that,
view, and no other, that I shall vote to postpone
this subject for the present.
Mr. CON KXI NO. It. would be a great
pleasure to me, under the circumstanccs, to
agree with my distinguished colleague [Mr.
Hotciikiss] who has just taken his seat. But
I shall vote to postpone this subject for very
different reasons from, if not entirely opposite
to, those he has given. I certainly think no
objection is to be made to this proposed amend-
ment because it does not go far enough or
because it is not sufheiently radical.
Mr. KLDltlDGB. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. CONKLTNG. For what purpose?
Mr. ELDIUDG13. I desire to move to lay
this joint resolution upon the table. '
Mr. CONKLING. No, I thank you; just by
way of variety, I will occupy the floor during
my own time, if the gentleman will allow me.
I lose for the purpose of moving to postpone
this subject to a day certain. Although 1 in-
tended to make some remarks upon if, yet so
much has been said, and so well said already
upon it, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevkxs] is in a hurry to get at an appro-
priation hill-. I will forego any remarks, and
simply submit the motion that this whole sub-
ject be postponed until the second Tuesday of
April next, and upon that motion I demand
the previous question.
Mr. ELDRlDGhh Is it in order now forme
to move to lay the whole subject upon the
table?
The SPEAKER.. That motion is in order.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. Then I make (.hat mo-
tion, and upon it I ask the yeas and nay a.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 110, not voting
32 : as follows:
Yb AS — Messrs. Ancona. Bergen, Brook", Clianler,
OofTroth, I>u,vir-\ lienwm, EMruUe, Kinek,
{tlu"bremier, (coodyear, (Irider, Gri-wold. Hale,
Aaron llariliuff, llopr.ui, Edwin X. Habbell, Kerr,
Kuvkemlall, Maiidiall, Margin. McCalloucch, .NH.-
la'-k, Nicholson, Knoll, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall,
Hitter,Hotel's, Ross. Rousseau, .s'liauklm, tfit^'reaves,
Sir.:u Taber, Ta> lor, Thornton, Trimble, Wmiield,
and Wricdit—fl.
NAYS—Me^rs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks,Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, BoutweU, Brandesree, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bandy, RcadrrW. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkline. Cook, Culloin, Darlins, Defrees, Delano,
Iteming, Donnelly, Dnmont, Eekfey, Eggleston. Eliot,
larnsworth, Farquliar, Ferry, {jarfield/Orinnell, Ab-
nerO. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James
B. llubbcll, Hulbiwd. James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Julian, Kclley, Kelso, Kotcham, Baffin,
Latham, George V. Lawrenec, William Lawrence.
Loan, Lomo-ear, Lvneh, Marston, McClurg, McKee,
McRuer, Mercur, Moorliead, Morrill, Moriis, Maul-
ton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson,_
Pcrham. Pike, Price, Raymond, Alexander II. Riee,
John H.Riee, Sawyer, Schenek, Shcllabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Bart Van Horn,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Ilenry 1). AVasliburn,
William B. Wasliburn, Welkor, Wentwoith, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridce—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Boyer, Brom-
well, Culver, Dawes, Dixon, Ih'igss, Harris, Hender-
son, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I), f!ubbard,
James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Lo
Blond, Melndoe, Miller, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford,
William H. Randall, llollins. Seofie.id, Smith. Starr,
Stibvell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, and
Whaley—o2.
♦So the motion to lay the joint resolution oa
the table was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LATHAM said: Sir. Speaker, both my
colleagues, [Mr. HcisuakI), of AVest Virginia,
and Mr. Wiialey,] are absent on account of
sickness.
Mr, ANCONA said: My colleague, Mr.
Jonxsox, is confined to his bed by sickness.
Mr, KELLEY said: The gentleman from
New Jersey, Mr. Starr, requested me to an-
nounce that he has been imperalively called
away, and that if here he would vote for this
amendment.
The result was announced as above stated.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, which was upon
the motion to postpone tiie joint resolution till
the second Tuesday in April, after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 22, noes 81.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Axcoxa.
and Co\"kli.\'g were appointed.
The IIousc divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted. r
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 37, not vot-
ing SO ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks,Barker. Baxter. Benjamin, Bid« ell, limah ra,
Blaine, Blow, Bontwcl t, Biandeiee, Broomall, liuek-
land, Bundv, Reader W. Clarke. Sidnes Clarke, Cobb,
Oonklinjr, Cook, CnHom, Jiarlinsr. JJetiees, Delano,
Dcminff, Donnelly, Dumont, Ecklcy, Ecr^loston,Eliot,
Earnbwortlr, Faniulmr, Feiry, flarlield, txrinnell,
Oi.-wold, Hale, Aimer C. Hardin;., Hart, Hayes,
Hifrby, Holmes, Hooper, Ifotchki'-s, Demas Hub-
bard,'John H. Hubbard, James Il.Hubbeil, Hulburd,
.lames llnmphrev, Initersoll, Jenekes, Kelley, Kelso,
Kerr, Ketcham. Kuykendall, Lailm. Latham, Georgru
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lean, Bongs-ear,
Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Met -lur£, McKee, Me-iiucr,
Mercur, Moorhead,Morrill,Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neili, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Pcrham,, Phelps,
Pike, Pric£, Alexander H. Itiee, John II. i!ice, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Schenek. Shullabarger, Spalding. Ste-
vens. Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, VanAeinam. Burt Van Horn, It arncr,
ElihuB.Watbburne, Henry D,Washburn, WilliamB.
Washburn. Wclker, Wentwoith, James I'\ vvilson,
ami Woodhridge—110. ,,, ,
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Brooks, Cnanler,
ack? Nit-hoWi','.Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Shanklm, Sitfrreaves, Sloan, btronsc, labor,
Tavlor, Thornton, Trimble, W1 Stcpncn 1'.
Wilbou, Windom, Winficld, and Wristit—ui .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Boy or, bromwell.
Culver. Davre.s Dixon, I>n?p, ilaru-% llcud.^on,
liiil, IK>{?an, Ahiilicl \V. Hubbard, <_ho*tcr D- JJub-
Wrd, James M. Humphrey, Joluisoti, Jones, Julian,
Ko^on he Blond, Melndoe, MUicr. !NooH, Plants,
Pomeroy, Radford, William 11. Randall, Baymond,
Rousseau, ^cofield, SmiUi, Starr. Stihvell, Upson,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, ami Wlialey—-38.
So th-e motion to postpone was agreed to.
