1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3015
of a million, if so much is necessary, as the
gentleman alleges, to make League Island
almost a rock like his own place, to put it in
complete order, is, comparatively speaking,
nothing when we consider the fact, to which
I call the attention ol' gentlemen, that our pres-
ent navy-yard will probably be sold for one apd
a half to two million dollars. One million dol-
lars of this sum can be appropriated to do
whatever may be necessary in the way of prep-
aration of the surface of League Island, leav-
ing §1,000,000 more for the erection of the
proper work-shops to make it at least almost as
respectable as the navy-yard here at this city
—a navy-yard not now even a naval station.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have been somewhat
discursive in these remarks. As I stated at
the commencement, the ground was well trod-
den ; the arguments were well-nigh exhausted.
But before I close I must again impress upon
the House what is upon my own mind and
heart, that the bill now before the House asks
for the acceptance of League Island, not for a
roving commission. It simply provides that
while the Secretary of the Navy shall accept
this location he must first be satisfied that the
statements which have been made with refer-
ence to the unsuitalileness of that location are
unfounded in fact. We of Philadelphia know
that they are unfounded, and hence we are not
afraid of a full and impartial inquiry into the
facls. The proposition is not for a roving com-
mission, nor one to which an examination of
other sites can be appropriately attached, and
thus postpone, perhaps till another Congress,
the demands of our Navy. Other places have
heretofore been examined and found wanting.
I beg gentlemen, then, to recollect that in vot-
ing for this bill they vote simply for the selec-
tion of this site, provided competent naval
officers shall find that the ehaiges against it
are unfounded or unimportant.
Gentlemen have had laid upon their desk's
documents which show that a large number of
monitors have lain all winter in the back chan-
nel of League Island, and some of the largest in
front of League Island, and the lee has not dis-
turbed them. The ice does not gather there as
much as at the Philadelphia yard, and the gen-
tleman did not demur to the addition of four
acres to that yard.
Mud ! Why, sir, we heard of mud along the
Delaware front before our city was extended;
but when wharves were built it was found that
there were no mud accretions. Of course there
may be mud in the river sometimes; and it is
all the better for the vessels that float there.
Draughtof water! Why, sir, vessels like the
Cathedral, that could not get into New York
in a storm, have come round and crossed the
bar at Philadelphia, as the Wabash came in and
went out, crossing the bar. It is contended
in Europe that heavy draught vessels arc almost
useless. The Great Eastern has hardly one
dock in England to which she can go. The
vessels of our own Navy, the monitors of the
Passaic class, draw only eleven and a half feet
of water ; the wooden iron-clad coast steamers
and blockading vessels only twelve feet. The
New Ironsides, the great success of Philadel-
phia, draws sixteen feet of water, while the
French La Gloire draws twenty-eight, and the
British Warrior twenty-seven, and they have
fifteen vessels drawing twenty-six, twenty-five,
and twenty-four feet, respectively. These could
not follow where our vessels can go, up the
Delaware. Still another advantage.
Mr. Speaker, as has been well said, Penn-
sylvania is rich in her mineral resources. I do
not care to go into an examination of data or
particulars, or to repeat what has been so well
illustrated. She manufactures fifty millions'
worth of iron a year. She sends to market,
principally through Philadelphia, almostuntold
amounts of coal. Her forests abound. Hex-
fresh water is there.
Philadelphia has shown herself more worthy
than to have a just and handsome offer thrust
aside without cause. I would not speak of
her services during the war, for all bore a noble
part equally* in it. It is no discredit that the
place from which my friend comes has only
twelve thousand population, while we have near
seven hundred theusand, and sent one hundred
thousand troops to the field. But there were
good deeds done in Philadelphia, not yet for-
gotten by our soldiers who passed through it,
which might well make gentlemen pause who
contemplate a refusal or postponement of the
request made by her for naval and national
purposes.
We have, the iron, coal, wood, oil, fresh
water, defensibility, skilled labor; all the re-
quisites ; more, we believe, than can ever be
found combined elsewhere. At least let, not
these be a drawback to our success, nor bring
a single regret if by this our act the city where
liberty was first proclaimed to the nations shall
become one of the choscn spots whence it may
be defended in all coming time.
Mr. TIIAYElt obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 ask my colleague to yield
for a moment so that a time may be fixed for
taking the vote.
Mr. THAYER. T yield for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 object
to anything thai will cut oil" fair and full dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman lias the
right to give the notice.
Mr. KELLEY. I give notice that I shall
call for the previous question at three o'clock
to-day.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope I shall not be
denied an opportunity to say a few words.
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I have been
here long enough to discern and understand
with some degree of certainty the signs of the
weather in this House. I think I perceive fair
indications the House will with great pleasure
forego auy great addition to the debate on the
question before us. I shall therefore, sir,
occupy the attention of the House but for a
short lime.
The delegation from Philadelphia has al-
ready occupied a very large, an unusually large,
share of the time of the House on this b J;
but it. should be remembered that this question
excites very considerable interest in the city
of Philadelphia; an interest which has its foun-
dation not in any sordid or unworthy motive,
but simply in a desire to promote the general
welfare. The people of Philadelphia believe,
as regards the particular enterprise which is
now the subject of consideration, the interests
of Philadelphia are coincident with those of
the nation. Philadelphia does not eome here
for the purpose of asking a special favor at the
hands of the national Government. She is not
here, sir, to beg for a measure which will con-
duce to her own aggiandizement. She has
offered this valuable property to the Govern-
ment under the conviction that its acceptance
by the Government would promote the welfare
of the General Government. It is true that
some incidental benefits would result to the
city of Philadelphia from the adoption of this
measure. By the removal of the existing navy-
yard it would very largely add to the commer-
cial dockage of the city.
It would incidentally conduce to the benefit
of the city of Philadelphia by eventually bring-
ing into existence a large amount of propeity
which would contribute to the payment of her
local burdens by the taxation of property which
is now exempt from it. It would be a benefit
to Philadelphia by adding new sources of in-
dustry and thrift to those which already engage
the labors and attention of the seven hundred
thousand souls that dwell within her happy
confines.
But those motives are not selfish. No man
can characterize those motives as unworthy.
They are motives founded in the public wel-
fare and benefit; and if the measure which is
the subject of agitation is found to be, as it is
alleged by those who are most conversant with
the facts, one which will benefit the nation at
large, I suppose that no man will deduce any
argument against the expediency of the adop-
tion of that measure from the fact that the city
of Philadelphia may derive an incidental ben-
efit from the establishment of this great work
within her borders.
Sir, I disclaim on the part of the city of Phil-
adelphia any motives less worthy than those to
which I have referred. She has never, either
by her Representatives or in any other manner,
advocated any national measure upon the foot-
ing of her own private special benefit. Her
devotion to the national interest is tiaditional.
It commenced with the first inspiration of na-
tional life, and it has continued with unabated
vigor and with unsullied purity through all the
chances and changes which have characterized
the period that has intervened between that
day and the present. No, sir. I spurn the
imputation of auy selfish purpose on the part
of the city of Philadelphia or her citizens in
advocating the passage of this measure.
What oiiginally, I suppose, suggested the
feasibdity and the desirableness of this meas-
ure was the fact of the insufficient capacity of
the existing navy-yard at Philadelphia. The
present navy-yard occupics an area of some
fifteen acres of ground, a space which for many
years past has been found to be entirely inade-
quate for the purposes of the yard. The city
has grown compactly down to the navy-yard,
whereas when it was originally established the
yard was at a considerable distance from the
city proper.
The navy-yard now, to a certain extent, ob-
structs the growth of our city on its southern
line, for it cuts off the water front. Upontho
southern line of the city of Philadelphia this
propeity upon which the old navy-yard is sit-
uated has in process of lime, by the approach
of the city which now completely envelops it,
become of great value, and it was supposed
that it eoulu be made of interest to the national
Government to remove the existing yard from
its present site to League Island.
'I'lie obvious advantage of such a removal
would be this: in the first place, the Govern-
ment of the United States could sell the old
navy-yard property for a very large sum of
money, probably for a sum ranging from n mil-
lion and a half to two million dollars, of such
great value has that properly become. It was
proposed to apply the proceeds of that sale to
the improvement of the new yard at League
Island, and the city of Philadelphia, which
would of course be proud to have a great first-
class navy-yard fixed at that point, and which
saw in the natural advantages of League Island
those features which were most requisite for
such apurpose, purchased League Island at an
expense of some thiee hundred thousand dol-
lars and offered it to the national Government
as the site of a new navy-yard.
Now, sir, I do not know whether the fact of
the liberality of Philadelphia in this respect
may not have lead to some degree of suspicion
in regard to the measure which is before us.
Perhaps if League Island had been offered to
the Government at a price instead of having
been purchased bv Philadelphia at an expense
of S30D.000 and freely and voluntarily offered
to the Government, this opposition might not
have existed to this bill. Suspicion, perhaps,
may have arisen out of the very fact of the
liberality of Philadelphia.
But, sir. the city of Philadelphia purchased
League Island at a great expense, and they
offered it and still offer it to the General Gov-
ernment as the site of the new navy-yard. The
proceeds of the old yard, a million and a half
:i or two million dollars, which will be derived
ji from the sale of that property, will be sufficient
j! to commence, at any rate, upon a sufficiently
great scale, the improvement of the new site.
And when these advantages were combined
with the natural advantages presented by the
island itself, it was supposed by the city of
Philadelphia that the interests of the nation in
this respect were identical with those of Phila-
delphia; it, was supposed that the offer would
be accepted with alacrity on the part of the
General Government: that they would not turn
their backs upon a proposition obviously so
advantageous to the General Government upon
