1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Tho SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Superintendent of Public
Printing, asking additional appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1866 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
PROTECTION OF AMERICAN SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER also laid before tho House
a communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting an abstract of the returns of col-
lectors of customs, pursuant to the act of May
28, 1700, for the relief and protection of Amer-
ican seamen, during the year ending September
80, 1805 ; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
SOUTIIEKN REFUGEE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from tho Secretary of tho In-
terior, transmitting accounts of superintendents
and agents in charge of southern refugee Indi-
ans, for the first quarter of 1865 ; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT 05" THE CONSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also presented a memorial
of the Union State Central Committee of Penn-
sylvania, asking certain amendments to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of the State
of Virginia, transmitting an act of the General
Assembly of that State entitled "An act to re-
peal the second section of an act passed on the
13th day of Mny, 1862, entitled 'An act giving
the conscnt of the Legislature of Virginia to
the formation and crcctionof a new State within
the jurisdiction of this State;' also repealing
the act of January 31, 1803, entitled 'An act
giving tho consent of the State of Virginia to
the county of Berkeley being admitted into and
becoming part of the State of West Virginia;'
also repealing the act of February 4, 1863, en-
titled 'An act giving consent to tho admission
of certain counties into the new State of W est
Virginia, upon certain conditions,'' and with-
drawing consent to the transfer of jurisdiction
over the several counties in each of said acts
mentioned;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES presented certain papers in
reference to an election in the sixteenth con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
oedeb os business.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to ask unanimous
consent to submit a resolution in reference to
a committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. _ I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call upon committees for reports, begin-
ning with tho selcet committee on the death
of the late President, Abraham Lincoln.
Tho committees were called, but no reports
were made.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to call up the reso-
lution I submitted yesterday in relation to min-
eral lands, and which was not then acted on. I
have modified it so that it is now a resolution
of inquiry.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Public Lands, or
such other committee as shall have charge of the sub-
ject, bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting ior the action ot the House a bill to regulate
mining on the public lands of tho United States, cm-
bracing the following provisions in substance:
1. That the fee of all lands of the United States, con-
taining gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, or coal, shall
remain perpetually in the United States, unless di-
vested by virtue of words of an act of Congress, ex-
pressly applicable to mineral lands.
2. That the privilege of discovering, developing, and
extracting the natural wealth of the mines shall be
open and free to all citizens of the United States, and
to all aliens who shall have declared their intentions
to become citizens; and the rights they shall acquire
by virtue hereof may be disposed ot at will; but in
both cases, of acquisition and of disposition, always
subject to the regulations by this or by any subsequent
act of Congress provided.
3. The actual discoverer of any such mine, or min-
eral deposit, to designate by suitable mark a point on
the lode, or deposit, as the center, and to be entitled
to claim, occupy, and develop, or dispose of.ono min-
eral section (or claim) each way from the center, with-
out other cost to him than tho, foe of the recorder for
recording his description ot the lode or mine, and cer-
tifying his claim thereto, and the sections and claims
to bo consecutively numbered each way from the
center.
4. Each mineral section (or claim) to consist of five
hundred lineal feet, in the diiection of the lode, and
of ■ foot on each side of the lode: Provided, In no
case to execcd. one half the distance to the nearest
lode on either side thereof, whether discovered or not
at tho timo the claim is made or is transferred, in
case of intersecting lodes, the claimant first working
tho intersection to work both, lodes where conjoined,
but no further.
5. Claimants subsequent to the discoverer to he en-
titled to claim in tho order of tiling their claims with
the recorder, and on payment to tho recorder, tor the
use of the United States, and in addition to the re-
corder's fee, of thesum of——dollars for each claim,
on any ono lode, to be allowed to bo entered by the
same person.
6. Transtcrs"«0f claims to be by deed signed, ac-
knowledged, and delivered, and stamped with the
proper revenue stamp, in the same manner as deeds
ot real estate, and subject to the same revenue laws,
and to be valid against innocent purchasers only from
date ol filing for record.
7. Record books, and surveyors and recorders of
mineral claims to be provided for, and offices for the
record thereof established in proper districts, compen-
sation to be limited to fees, and tho fees regulated.
8. All claims to mineral sections to be considered
abandoned, and to revert to the United States, and to
become liable anew to claim, if not opened and de-
velopment commenced mgoodfaithwitbiu years
from tho tiling of the claim, and if not thereafter
worked continuously foratlcast mopths in every
year, whether by the original claimant or by any as-
signee; the new claimant, in such cases of abandon-
ment, to bo allowed at his own request, and upon
proper payment as before, to lile his claim, alleging
abandonment and by what claimant abandoned.
Ca^es ot contest to bo decided by the courts, by the
usual course of law, and at the suit of either party to
determine the right of possession. No abandonment
to be presumed in case of succession to a claim by a
person under age, after tho death of the claimant of
record, until the lapse of timo of abandonment after
attaining his majority.
9. The claimant in possession to mako returns,
after development commenced, to the Unitoi States
assessor, ol the amount ot gold and silver obtained,
and of tho quantity and value of other valuablcprod-
ucts of his mineral sections, respectively, and of the
actual cost of production of tho same, and to pay on
the net balance of value to tho collector ot tho dis-
trict a tax equal to_the income tax, for tho time
being, fixed by law; and the amount of tax due the
United States to be a lien on such mineral section
until paid by the same, or a subsequent claimant or
assignee.
10. These regulations to apply to all discoveries,
and to all claims filed for record on and after Janu-
ary 1, 1866: and saving the rights of assignees for value
to all claims on lodes, of which the development in
good faith shall not then have been commenced.
But discoverers and claimants, and their assignees,
who shall then have begun the development in good
faith ofmineral sections to which their claim is recog-
nized as valid by tho actual mining regulations in
force in any mining district, or having such claims on
lodes actually developed, to bo confirmed in the ex-
tent of their claims thus obtained; but otherwise sub-
jcet to tho same limitations of title, payments, duties,
and liabilities .as if their several sections so obtained
were now first obtained under these regulations, and
directly from the United States; oiiginal certificates
of claims, as also upon abandoned claims, to be issued
by tho United States.
11. Tho Commissioner of Public Lands, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, to be charged
with tho administration of the laws regulating mill-
ing, and to be authorized to establish proper regula:
tions to carry them into etfeei; except that so much
as applies to the returns and assessments and collec-
tion tor revenue purposes, shall be administered and
regulations established by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, under direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and any fraud or deception in making re-
turns for revenue purposes shall cause the forfeiture^
and reversion to the United States of all the rights ot
the claimant guiity thereof, and the claim atiected
thereby may thereafter be treated as abandoned.
12. The payments for claims, and tho internal rev-
enue collected on the mineral products aforesaid,
shall be separately accounted for at tho 'treasury,
and, until tho Union Pacific railroad shall be com-
pleted, shall constitute a fund to be appropriated pro
tanto to the payment of interest accruing on the bonds
of the United States issued or to be issued in aid of
that work.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, submitted tho
following resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into tho expediency of pro-
viding by law for securing to the soldiers who enlisted
in 1861 and 1802, and served the Governmont in the
late war against the rebellion, sueh additional boun-
ties as will make, as nearly as can bo, their bounties
equal to those paid to soldiers who enlisted in 1864,
according to tho time of service.
The previous question was seconded, and tBe
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. GRINNELL submitted the following:
Resolved, That to afford equitable compensation to
postmasters in the new States, the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Koads be requested to inquire into
the expediency of amending the postal laws By asub-
stitution of commission in lieu of salary.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES PEOM TENNESSEE.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to present to the House,
certificates signed by the Governor, and bear-
ing the seal of the State of Tennessee, certify-
ing that cei-tain persons therein named are
elected in due conformity with the laws of that
State and of the United States, and are there-
fore entitled to their seats as members of this
House. I present these papers simply that
they may come before the House.
Mr. S CEVENS. I rise to a question of or-
der. 1 do not mean to oppose the main object
of tho gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ray-
mond.]. But I hold that this is not a question
of privilege. The State of Tennessee is not
known to this House nor to Congress. If the
gentleman will put his proposition in another*
shape, and not present it as a question of priv-
ilege, I will not object to it. But if he presents
it as a question of privilege, I make the point
of order that it is not such a question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.] Tho Chair has
examined the precedents of previous Con-
gresses, especially since the rebellion com-
menced, and finds that thejisage of the House
has been uniform that claimants of seats have
their credentials presented as a question of
privilege. It is then for the House to deter-
mine what shall be done with them. The pre-
sentation of the credentials does not involve
the question of their reference. It is for the
House to determine whether they shall be laid
on the table or referred. But a claimant to a
seat, with papers prima facie indicating his
election, is entitled, as a question of privilege,
to have them presented.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. As I un-
derstand, the object of the gentleman from New
York is to get the papers before the House,
with the view of having them referred to the
special joint committee of fifteen, when ap-
pointed.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will explain my object.
As I have already stated, I propose simply to
bring those papers before the House, and got
them in a position to be acted^ upon. There
are, in my judgment, many considerations con-
nected with the position of the State of Ten-
nessee, with her past conduct during the rebel-
lion, and her present attitude toward the na-
tional Government, which commend the case
of her Representatives to early consideration
on the part of this House. I do not wish to
make any remarks upon the subject to explain
what those considerations are. I am quite
willing to move such a disposition of these pa-
pers as may meet the general wishes of my
friends around me, whether it be to lay them
upon the table, send them to the Committee of
Elections, or refer them to the joint committee
of fifteen, when that committee shall be ap-
pointed. The disposition which may be made
of them is a maiter of indifference to me. I
will move, to see whether it meets the views
of the House, that these papers, together with
