3976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, GeorgeY.Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lynch, McClurg, McRuer,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,Orth, Paine,
Pcrham, Pike, Plants, Price, Radford, Samuel J,
Randall, William H. Randall, "Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Sehenck, Scofleld, Shellabar-
ger, Sitgrea*es, Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker.Wentworth, Whaley, James F.
Wilson, Stephen 1?. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Benjamin,
Boutwell,Boyer, Conkling, Dawson, Eldridge, Eliot,
Finck, Aaron Harding, Hogan, Jenckes, Johnson,
Kelley, Le Blond,McCullough.Niblack, Phelps,Bit-
ter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Stevens,
Thornton, Trimble, and Williams—29
N OT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge. Dumont, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale. Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Demas
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, Loan,
Longyear, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McIndoe.Mc-
Kee, Patterson, Pomeroy, Raymond, Sawyer, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne,
Winfield, and Wright—19.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question then recurred on ordering the
preamble to be engrossed and read a third
time, on which Mr. Bixgbam had called for
the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. A portion of us here de-
sire to vote for the resolution, while we 
Several Members. That is no question of
order.
Mr. LE BLOND. We do not fully concur
with the implication contained in the pream-
ble ; yet. by the ruling of the Speaker 
Mr. THAYER, Mr. PRICE, and others.
We object to debate.
The SPEAKER,. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio do not, in the opinion of
the Chair, present any point of order.
Mr. LE BLOND. I was about to present
nay point of order. According to the ruling
of the Chair, as we understand it, if the pre-
amble is ordered to be engrossed, we cannot
have a separate vote upon the preamble and
the resolution. This being the fact, some of
us will be compelled to vote against the whole
thing, in consequence of our objection to the
preamble.
The SPEAKER. There is no precedent
known to any gentleman here which sanctions
the idea that, after a bill has been engrossed
and the question recurs upon its passage, a part
of the bill can be passed and a part rejected.
According to uniform parliamentary usage that
is impossible.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon order-
ing the preamble to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
it the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 48, not vot-
ing 47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, DelosR.
Ashley James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter,
Bidwcll, Bingham Bromwell, Broomall, Bucldand,
Bundy, Reader W Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Doming, Donnelly, Driges
Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Earquhar, Ferry'
Gariield, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Holmes, Hooper!
Hotcnkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, ChcstorD. Hubbard,
John II Hubbard, .Tames R. Hubbell, Ilulburd,
Ingersoll, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lynch, Mcliuer, Mercur
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
0 Ncill, Orth. Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants Price
William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John III
Iiicc., ltollins, bawyer, Schonck, Scofleld, Shellabar-
frer, Spalding Ihayor, John L. Thomas.Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
IV ord, M arner.Henry D.Washburn,WilliamB.Wash-
burn, Welker, Wcntwortb, Whaley, James 1?. Wilson
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—87. '
Alloy, Ancona, Benjamin, Bout-
well, Buyer,Conkling, Dawson, Eldridge, Shot, Finck
Wossbrcnner, Aaron Harding, I-logan, Humphrey,
J enckes, J ohnson, J ulian, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Latham, Le Blond, McClurg, McCulloch,
Moorhead, liiblack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Rad-
Spvd, Samuel J.Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sit?reaves, Stevens,
fetrouse, Taber, Taylor, .Francis Ttiomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Williams, and Wright-fS.
NOT V OTIN G—Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Chanler, Cook, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Dumont, Goodyear,Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale,
Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, Loan, Long-
year, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Melndoe, MeKee,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell,
Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, and Winfield—47.
So the preamble was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
During the vote,
Mr. RADFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Winfield, was detained at home by illness.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Denison, was detained at home by serious ill-
ness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble and joint resolution
were ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, demanded the
reading of the preamble and joint resolution
as engrossed.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution
as engrossed.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question on the passage of the preamble
and joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the preamble and reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand a separate vote
on the preamble and joint resolution in con-
formity to the uniform usage in this House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will show
a single ruling during this or any previous Con-
gress the Chair will entertain his demand for a
separate vote. There has not been a single
one during the eleven years of service of the
Chair in this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise under the rule to
close the debate on the resolution; but first
I will yield thirty minutes of my hour to my
colleague on the committee on reconstruction,
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am not ignorant, Mr.
Speaker, of the fact that the votes of the House
already taken foreshow conclusively its pur-
pose to pass the pending joint resolution for
the admission of Tennessee. I can see many
reasons which operate on the minds of others
as they do upon my own mind tending to such
a course; but after the most careful reflection
during months and years I am still as deeply
convinced as ever of the dangerous nature of
this proceeding. While I am conscious that
my voice falls upon unwilling ears; that it is
thofixed purpose of the House in the presence
of a great political struggle to adopt this meas-
ure, and though I am the humblest of the mem-
bers of this body, with less right than any other
man to address the country, and with no hope
whatever that my words will reach posterity, I
yet avail myself of the kindness of the gentle-
man who has charge of this resolution and raise
my voice here and now and for the last time
against the consummation of this scheme.
This morning I offered an amendment, on
which, however, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bisoiiam] decliued to allow the House to vote,
which embodies my opinions concerning the
admission of Tennessee. If gentlemen ob-
served the language of that amendment they
are aware that I have in some degree departed
from my own settled convictions as to the right
of all men to the enjoyment of the elective
franchise in deference to what I understand to
be the judgment of the majority of this House,
and possibly at this time to what is the judg-
ment of the loyal people of the country. The
resolution that I proposed provided for impar-
tial suffrage in that State by the act of its own
people as a condition-precedent to its admission
to the exercise of power in the government.
It secured justiee to the colored people of Ten-
nessee first, and then to the colored people of
the revolted and still rebellious section of this
country.
I am not troubled by the informalities ap-
parent* in the proceedings of the Tennessee
Legislature upon the question of ratifying the
constitutional amendment. It received the
votes of a majority of the members of a full
House, and when the proper officers shall have
made the customary certificate and filed it in
the Department of State, it is not easy to see
how any legal objection can be raised, even if
two thirds of the members were not present,
although that proportion is a quorum according
to the constitution of the State.
My objections are not technical, but vital and
fundamental. First, the government which they
submit here, and which by your preamble and
by your vote you declare under the Constitution
to be a republican form of government, is not,
as it appears to me, such in fact. I have not
time now in these thirty minutes to trace, the
history of the opinions entertained by the found-
ers of the Republic as to what constitutes a-
republican form of government. But if they
identified themselves with any opinion or idea
upon this subject, it was this: that whenever
powers were conferred by hereditary rules upon
a class of men, or whenever by hereditary rule3
a class of men were excluded from all partici-
pation in the government, that government was
necessarily anti-republican in form as well as
in fact. I do not assert that it is necessary that
every man should vote, and that a government
in which terms and conditions are imposed is
necessarily anti-republiean; but the terms and
conditions must be reasonable ; they must be
such as to render it not only possible but prob-
able that the great majority will be able to meet
the requirements of the law.
What is this House to-day, in the name of
the people of this country and under the
Constitution, declaring? That a State con-
stitution by which more than eighty thou-
sand male citizens are forever, for themselves
and for their posterity, deprived of all part in
the government of that State is republican in
form. Sir, that government is an aristocracy;
it is an oligarchy; it is not republican; it is
not democratic. Wherever a man and his
posterity are forever disfranchised from all
participation in the government, that govern-
ment is not republican in form.
Next, are we to question the existence of
the power on our part to accomplish that which
I now suggest ought to be accomplished—the
enfranchisement of the freedmen of Tennes-
see, as the beginning of the great work of
reconstruction upon a republican basis? We
have positive power with reference to the
States that have been in rebellion, which we
have exercised by the passage of the act es-
tablishing and continuing the Freedmen's Bu-
reau and by the passage of the civil rights
bill.
I do not now discuss the question whether
wo have the power directly to enfranchise the
negroes of Tennessee and of the other States
recently in rebellion. I have an opinion upon
the question, but I offer no argument in its sup-
port at the present time. I believe that that
power exists in Congress; but now I appeal to
the negative power of the Government that we
may reject Tennessee, North Carolina, Arkan-
sas, until they perform this act of justice, for
the country, for the negroes, for themselves. In
thus requiring an additional act of justice on their
part as a condition-precedent to their return
to the enjoyment of their former power in the
country, we have the authority of President Lin-
coln, of President Johnson, and of numerous
acts of this Congress and of the last Congress.
We have exacted conditions-precedent to the
admission of those States to representative
power in the Government of the country.
Through Presidents Lincoln and Johnson the
country insisted upon the ratification of the
amendment abolishing slavery, the repudia-
tion of the rebel debt, and now we demand,
