8016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
aiiy suggestion of an incidental benefit to the
City of Philadelphia.
Now, sir, the question, as was^ said yester-
day by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.^ Le
Bi.osd,] who is a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, is principally whether you
will transfer the existing navy-yard at Phila-
delphia from its present site to the site at
League Island. If you build a new navy-yard
elsewhere you must go on with annual appro--
priations for the existing yard at Philadelphia.
We have this year appropriated $150,000 to
that yard, and we shall have to continue to
ke&p it up. Nobody suggests that we shall
abandon Philadelphia as one of the naval sta-
tions of the United States.
Well, now, sir, if you establish a navy-yard
elsewhere there will be an additional burden
upon the country, for you will have to appro-
priate for two navy-yards instead of one;
whereas, if you simply transfer tho existing
navy-yard at Philadelphia from its present
location to League Island, you simply keep up
a naval station at Philadelphia; and we, who
hold the purso-sttinge of tho nation, may deal
out our appropriations for the new station as
generously or as stintedly as wo please in tho
future.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. 1 beg
leave to ask (he gentleman from Philadelphia
whether the bill now before the House contem-
plates the removal of the present navy-yard at
Philadelphia.
Mr. THAYER. The bill does contemplate,
it. I do not know that the bill says anything
about the removal, but everybody at all con-
versant with this question knows that that has
been made one of the features of the proposed
plan. Nobody proposes that there shall bo
two navy-yards at Philadelphia; I never heard
anyone suggest anything of that kind ; I never
lieurd any one suggest anything of [he sort.
Nobody, 1 believe, entertains such an idea. In
fact the idea is strongly set forth by the Secre-
tary of tho Navy, us one of the points in favor
of this location, that it involves tho abandon-
ment of tho existing navy-yard at Philadelphia,
which can bo sold at a great price and tho
proceeds of tho sale appropriated to the im-
provement of this new site.
Sir, if I had control of this l)ill 1 would not
object to putting such phraseology as would
require the sale of tho present site of the navy-
yard at Philadelphia, and the adoption of the
new site.
Mr. I1UBBAUI), of Connecticut. I have
examined this bill very carefully, and there is
not one single word in it with reference to the
removal of the present navy-yard at Philadel-
phia, and I tln'nic the result of passing this bill
would be thai wo should have two navy-yards
to sustain iu that vicinity instead of one.
Mr. KEIjIjKY. Will my colleague [Mr.
Thayer] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. THAYER. Oh, certainly.
Mr. KKLLRY. I desire to suggest that
so far as Philadelphia has any selfish motive, in
offering this island and tho back channel to the
Government it is that she may be relieved from
the eonmi'Teial obstructions which are pre-
sented by the present navy-yard. The object
of Philadelphia is to have thenavy-y;u-d trans-
ferred from a point whore it impedes ihe
growth and commerce of the city; its object
is to enable the Government to abandon the
present, yard.
Mr. THAYER. For the information of the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. ILttkiukdJ
I will read what the Secretary of the Navy said
in his communication in reference to this sub-
ject. It is as follows >
" The selection of this site for a navv-yard will save
to the Government jubt the bum at which the priorit
yatd inPhiladolphiaeai\bf  sold,tho estimated valuo
of whichis $1,800,000. That wo must have a yard at
which iron vessels can bo built i think, admitted.
Were it established atany other place than Philadel-
phia, the yard at that placo would be continued, with
its officers and large annual expense. Established on
League Island, the present yard would be vacated
and sold, and the cost of keeping up the present- es-
tabUshmentsavcd. The price that could be realized
ferit woald nearly equip and complete the yard ®n
the Island."
I do not believe that any gentleman who has
advocated this measure has ever entertained
any other idea than that. So far as I know,
nobody lias even suggested that there should
be two naval stations at Philadelphia. On the
contrary one of tho great advantages of the
proposed change has always been .regarded to
be the advantage which the Government derives
from obtaining a new site for nothing, and
selling the old site for $1,800,000.
I will not detain the House by a detailed
enumeration of all the advantages which may
be presented in favor of this measure. But it-
would perhaps not be amiss for me to sum them
up in a short way by a brief allusion to them,
in order at any rate that the attention of the
House may be called to them, even though it ,
be in a very cursory manner.
In the first place, these advantages have been
set forth at great length, and dwell upon^wilh
great emphasis, by the Secretary of the Navy,
who, I suppose, should be awarded at least
the credit ot disinterested patriotism upon this
subject. He is not a citizen of Philadelphia
or of Pennsylvania; he is not in any way so
situated as to be likely to be influenced by
Pennsylvania interests. lie has acted in this
matter not only disinterestedly, but, as we all
know, to some extent to his own disadvantage,
inasmuch as tho course which he has pursued
has brought upon him tho wrath of some of
jus own people. But he has had, I have no
doubt, a perfectly clear and disinterested judg-
inentthroughout this whole inquiry. And the
advantages of League Island, which so loudly
call upon the Government for the adoption of
this measure, are very tersely and satisfactorily
summed up by him as follows:
"1. TtfOntninstlHU'eqin^ite amount of land. Thero
are on the island four hundred and nine acres of
what is called * ia.^t land,' being high, dry, and tilla-
ble, susceptible of u^c without embankment, or other
preparation ; one hundred and twenty-four acres of
marsh land en*t of Broad street and seventy-seven
auies weAt of Ihoadslieef.embiaein^in theatres?;)to
an in ea of si v hundred acres, or more than ii vet hues
the area of the largest of our present navy-yards,
and twice the m?o ot the largest yard in Europe.
"2. The island posse^e* the neec^ar.v amount of
frontage upon the water, which is a most important
consideration, and the want of which is one of the
pi oat delects of all our present yanK The water
front of tho island will extend n.v miles, fnrnishius
room for mooring in safety all tho vessels in our
present Navy and all wo shall be likely to have lor
many years to come. The sum of money to be paved
in warning vessels in and outof slips when a change
in their position may bo necessary, and in wharfage
and lont of ducks wheio private property is used,
willbe very great in the course of asin^lo year, and,
of course, greater in tho lapse of time and tho neces-
sary addition to our Navy. 3>y possessing an expan-
sive frontage workmen, matciials, and ston-s cau be
placed on board at the wharf instead of brin^r put on
boa id of tenders and transported into the stream, as
is recjuiied to he done at all of our vardswhere there
is an iiwutlicioiicy of fi outage, as there is in a pecu-
liar degree at the Philadelphia yard at the present
time.
"3. There is an abundant depth of water for all of
tho purjmsos of Government. Along tho outer shore
of tho island, near to its edge, and for moro than
throe miles in length, thero is a sufficient depth of
wator to float the largostclass of war vessels.
"1. Tho greatest advantage of this location, and
that which, taken in connection with tho frontage
and depth of water, places it far beyond any rival, is
1ho fact that the yard would be in water wholly fresh.
It is a well-known fact that iron corrodes and decom-
poses in saltmuch moio jupidly than in fresh water,
and hence that tho endurance of an iron vessel, when
either in service or laid up in ordinary, is much
greater m tresh than m saltwater. Nor is this all.
Iron \ Oi-i-els, when exposed to the action of salt water
for a considerable period of time, and especially in
warm climates, bccomo foul by the accumulation of
mat me a u^lucvn, thus nol, only lessening their speed
and injuiing tho vosseK but requiting them to be
taken into dry-dock to be scraped. As an illustra-
tion of this fact, the iron blockading vessel Hnurh
Carolina, after a. service of nine months in the Gulf
ot'Mexico, had her speed reduced by tho accumula-
tion of barnacles sea-weed, and other marine nui-
sances, from twelve to mx knots an hour, requiring
her to bo sent North to bo cleaned. Had the Phila-
delphia navy-yard been in a condition to receive her,
and complete her other necessary repairs, her pas-
sage through tho fresh water of tho Delaware river
Irom New Castle, whieh is practically tho limitof tho
salt water, would of itself have cleaned her bottom
of thoj-e impediments as peifcutly as it could have
been done by mechanical moans.
" It is hardly doubted by any one that iron vessels
arc hereafter to constitute our principal reliance for
harbor defense. It will unquestionably be the policy
of tho Government to keep these vessels, when not
required lor active service^ in soma secure place,
where they will be as little liable to decay ag maybe,
and where tke largest possible number can be put in
repair, and dispatchcd to tho threatened points at
the shortest notice. Experience mayshow the neces-
sity or economy of keeping such voxels in dry slips,
in which case tho capacity of this island will by no
means exceed the necessities of the Government.
Should it be otherwise, and should it be deemed ad-
visable to dismantle and moor them in wet docks in
time of peace, the value of League Island for a naval
station may be more correctly estimated, when I say
that it is the opinion of naval officers, and of scion-
tific experts, that an iron vessel will last more than
ten times longer in fresh than in salt water. Tho
United States iron steamer Michigan was built in
1844, has been in continuous service in tho fresh-
water lakes of the North eighteen years, and has had
no repairs to her hull, which is apparently a3 perfect
as it ever was. In salt water her bottom would prob-
ably have been destroyed ten ycais ago.
"5. (The proximity of tho island to a large mari-
time and manufacturing city is one of its greatest
advantages for a naval station.) Whenever an ex-
tra force of mechanics or seamen arc required, or an
extra supply of naval stores needed, they can be pro-
cured at short notice and at no extra expense. It
is well known that whenever such extra foico is
requiicd at the southern yards, neither of which was
near a large industrial population accustomed to
such labor, the cost of procuring the necessary crafts-
men was much greater than at Charlestown, Brook-
lyn, or Philadelphia. The men had to bo transported
at Governmentexpense, extra wages were demanded,
and the laborers in almost every instance were clam-
orous to be retained permanently, because of alleged
loss of situations at home. Nor could sailors be pro-
cured at those yards in an emergency, except by
sending to tho northern citios to recruit, always an
expensive process, and generally consuming weeks
of tunc, tho value of which could not be computed in
money. The great advantages of a Government es-
tablishment of this kind in proximity to a largo
mechanical population, whose leading pursuit is the
fabrication of iron in its various forms and for its
numerous purposes, cannot be overestimated.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. "Will my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] allow mc to make
an inquiry of him ?
Mr. THAYEIl. Certainly.
Mr, BRANDECTEE. I havo never been in
the habit of interrupting gentlemen, and I do
not now interrupt for any other purpose than
to inquire from what paper the gentleman is
reading.
Mr. TIIAYEU. I am reading from the
remarks of the Secretary of the Navy upon
this subject, which were incorporated in a
speech made by the chairman of the Naval
Committee of the Senate [Mr. Grimes] when
he was advocating this measure.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I understand the gen-
tleman to affirm—perhaps I was incorrect in
that understanding—that he was reading from
a report of the Secretary of the Navy. It is
from a speech made by Mr. Grimes in the
Senate.
Mr. THAYER. The reasons which I am
reading arc those given by the Secretary of
the Navy, and which were incorporated in the
remarks of the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee of the Senate.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Has the gentleman
from Pennsylvania verified those citations and
ascertained that they were ever made by the
Secretary of the Navy in any authentic form?
Mr. THAYER. I have this authority for
their accuracy, that they are contained in a
report of a public speech made by the chair-
man of the Naval Committee of the Senate,
who stated in his speech that they were rea-
sons given by the Secretary' of the Navy in
favor of this site for the location of a naval
station.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Reasons given by tho
Secretary of the Navv where and when?
Mr. THAYER. ^ 1 do not know at what
o'clock it was nor in what room he was when
lie gave those reasons. But I do not think
that the reasons are to be judged by the source
from which they come, but by their inherent
weight. If they have anything in them they
speak for themselves.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Precisely:--
Mr. TIIAYEK. I do not suppose they will
derive any special weight from the considera-
tion whether they come from the Secretary of
tho Navy, the chairman of the Senate Naval
Committee, or some one else.
Mr. BRANDEGEE: Precisely; but I did
not suppose 
Mr. THAYER. 1 decline to yield to any
further interruption. I have answered the gen-
