I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205'7
is not all the judicial authority of the land un-
questionably. By what warrant does your State
court in Rhode Island, sir, [Mr. Anthony in
the chair,] decide criminal causes in it? By
what authority does it convict the thief of lar-
ceny, the' burglar of burglary, the murderer of
murder? Is it by virtue of authority derived
from the United States? Is it by virtue of
authority enjoyed concurrently by the United
States with the State of Rhode Island? Not
at all. The stupidest citizen you have knows
that your State has rights as well as the United
Stales lias rights. You have the right in that
State to try for offenses committed within it
generally. When does the United States try
for offenses committed within the State of
Rhode Island? Generally? Not at all. Not
generally, but particularly, where the authority
is given in the Constitution. By what judicial
authority do your courts in Rhode Island de-
cide between man and man in Rhode Island?
By the authority of the sovereign State of Rhode
Island, and by littue of bur received rights
which were not delegated to the United States
in the Constitution. Did you, sir, ever know a
man in the State of Rhode Island, did you ever
know in any State of the Union two citizens of
that State dragged into the United States court
for a difference between them? Nobody ever
heard of it, and it has remained until this day
and this age that these things should bo known.
As to differences aris'-vr between citizens of
Rhode Island, unless in the particular eases
provided in the Constitution—and in the Con-
stitution the particular cases are provided for
—the United States courts have no more juris-
diction than they have over a case in Russia. If
a dispute arises between a citizen of Rhode Isl-
and and a citizen of Massachusetts, the United
States courts determine it; and why? Because
the Constitution and the Union were made for
the purpose of securing domestic tranquillity,
for the purpose of settling disputes between
citizens of different States which would other-
wise have led to broil and trouble between
States.
A citizen of Rhode Island—and, wiih your
libei ty, sir, I will take your State as being one
of as small compass, perhaps, as any other—
charges upon another citizen of Rhode Island a
trespass. Or I might go to the State of the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire and take
a case from his immense State with the large
amount of patriotism and love of country which
he professes here, and which he is not willing to
allow to my honorable friend from Delaware, a
little State, too. I suppose Delaware has just
about as much patriotism as New Hampsire,
and I suppose, and I have always supposed, that
a man from Delaware loves his country as well
as the Senator from New Hampshire, although
he may perhaps differ from him as to what was
the proper way to manifest that love. I am
sorry that upon this floor we cannot argue
questions and not people. I may imitate to some
extent the language of the Senator from New-
Hampshire when ] say that I think we have had
too much of that, and I think it is time that
the whip had ceased to crack over the heads
of the minority here, or persons who do not
choose to agree with a dominant tyrannical
majority. What do gentlemen suppose they can
do ! Terrify men into submission to the will of
a majority without expressing their opinions ?
Gentlemen, I tell you when this Senate becomes
a place i/heie a man cannot express his opin-
ions freely, you have not restored the Union ;
you have not preserved your Government; you
have de.stroyed the very essence and the vitals
of it while you were pretending to save it: you
'ic ve int rodueed a tyranny as detestable as that
from which your ancestors rescued you .in the
Revolution—a tyranny as detestable as prevails
anywhcie in the world. Let every man in the
Senate speak his free thoughts, give his opin-
ions freely, and let 110 man impugn his motives
upon this floor.
Sir, I come back to the question I put be-
fore. What was the judicial authority granted
to the United States in the Constitution? This
bill provides that when a citizen of the State
of Rhode Island brings an action of trespass
against another citizen of Rhode Island, for a
particular offense committed during the exist-
ence of the rebellion, and, if you please, hi
the act of suppressing the rebellion, the juris-
diction of the courts of Rhode Island shall be
pushed aside, set aside, and jurisdiction of that
cause given to the United States courts. I am
not so dogmatic as to say that perhaps that may
not be right. It is not necessary for the pur-
poses of the argument here that I should assume,
as if infallible, that that may not be right. I
merely suggest a doubt, in order that I may
meet the argument to the point of which I shall
come directly. But, Mr. President, what I do
say is that it i's a question, and a question of law,
as to whether the jurisdiction of the State of
Rhode Island in that case can be ousted and
that of the courts of the United States substi-
tuted for it. That is a question, a fair ques-
tion, and 1 have respect for a man who argues
it 011 this floor fairly. I have no rcspcct for a
man who assumes it to be one so exceedingly
plain that nobody can mistake it.
A question, then, as I said, comes up be-
tween two citizens of this State, and one of
them alleges that he was acting under the or-
ders of the United States, that he was in the
service of the United States, and that what lie.
did in the premises he did as such servant of
the United States. That, it is alleged by this
bill, gives to the United States courts jurisdic-
tion. I doubt it very much. Let us see in
what cases the United States have jurisdiction ;
let us read it, because here it is. Jt is in very
small compass, and any man of moderate abil-
ities might, if he were to take the time, ascer-
tain precisely the extent of the jurisdiction of
the United States courts; and be could ascer-
tain it from the Constitution itself, withoutrun-
ning away to far-fetched analogies which have
really no connection with the matters in hand.
"The judicial power shall extend to all eases in
law and equity ari-uiK under tins Constitution, the
law*! of tho United .Slates,and tre.uiesmadeoi-whieh
shall beroadeundcrtheiraiUhoi'ity; toailcases afiect-
ins embassadors, other public ministers, and con-
suls"—
Because, you will observe, that when the
Union was formed, all connection between the
several States and foreign Powers was aban-
doned and given over to the new creation aris-
ing out of the whole—
" To all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion; to controversies to which tlic United States
shall he a party; to controversies between two or
more States; between a State and citizens of another
State; between citizens ol' different States; between
citizens of the same State claiming lands"—
You observe it is particular, not general; it
only applies to citizens of the same State who
are " claiming lands under grants from differ-
ent States,'' aud you see how appropriate that
was. If the titles to lands were to bo decided
in the courts of tlic State granting one of them,
of course the trial woulu not be very likely to
be acquiesced in. Then, in all such cases the
LTnited States was to have general jurisdiction
for the purpose of public tranquillity, for the
purpose of preserving the peace.
" A.nd between a State or the citizens thereof and
fo'roisn States, citizens, or subjects."
Theie is the extent of it. Now, I ask any
intelligent man under what part of that delega-
tion of judicial power to the United States is
claimed the right to decide between two citi-
zens of Rhode Island or two citizens of any
other State upon a question of trespass. Is
that a plain question? Will any man say that
that is a question upon which any man might
not blunder, any man might not stumble, any
man might not decide it one way or the other?
Now, if1"I understand, what is complained of
I bv my honorable friend from Wisconsin in this
i bill is, that you punish the judge for deciding
| that question one way as though it was a crim-
! inn! offense.
1 Now, Mr. President, once for all in this
i! body let me ask, is crime a fact or is crime
}! an abstraction? Ts crime a thing which has
1 actual, potential existence in the mind of the
!i criminal, or is it a mere creature of statute,
to be made out of that which has no element
of crime about it? Clearly not the latter. In
order to constitute crime, there must be a
criminal intent; in order to constitute a tres-
pass, a violation of the rights of anybody
which is remediable by damages there must
be an intent in the mind of the person who
commits it to do the wrong. xou cannot
make that wrong which in itself is right and
fair and honest by writing it down in a book
that it shall be wrong. That will not effect-
uate your purpose. It is complained here that
a judge, honestly deciding the law as he under-
stands it, honestly deciding the question under
the Constitution and under the laws taken all
together, shall be punished as a criminal. To
me that proposition is monstrous ; to me it
has never had any place in any legislation in
civilized countries, within the recent Christian
era at least, I think 1 may say.
But it is said that a judge may be made a
criminal because he will not issue a writ of
habeas corpus. I am rather inclined to think
he should be, but in that case he is not to be a
criminal because of his decision of a legal point;
it is because of his refusal to do a plain duty
laid down before him by the statute. If I go
to a judge and demand a writ of habeas corpus,
I do not ask him to deliver me a legal opinion
on it; if the writ is warranted by the statute
and I bring myself within the requirements of
the statute 1 demand it of right, and if he re-
fuses to do it he refuses to do his duty, and that
is an offense. If I am detained of my liberty
and I appeal to the judge to deliver me and he
will not issue the writ, that is an offense and a
very high offense. It was an offense as far back
as liminymede, in the great charter. But if
he issues the writ and I am brought before liim
and my case is heard and he decides it, no
matter how improperly, how erroneously, there
is no guilt in that if lie was not moved by an
improper purpose, which I must show, not from
the statute-book, but I must show as existing
in his mind an intent to do the wrong, if I want
to mulct him in damages or punish him as a
criminal. There is the distinction, a very clear,
broad distinction, one that nobody could mis-
take, between the cases cited hero asprecedents
for this extraordinary exercise of power and
this case itself.
Mr. President, it might be well to inquire
from whence sprang all this brood of transfer-
ring cases from the .State courts to the United
States courts. How did it happen that there
ever was a precedent for that thing ? I will
try and explain that. Among oilier powers
delegated to the United States was the power
of levying taxes, imposts, duties, and so on, or
in other words, to enforce a revenue system.
In early times in this country there was no act
of Congress taking cognizance of that revenue
system and providing for the decision of cases
under it; and hence, perhaps, thirty-five or
thiry-six yeais ago, about lfiGO. an act 01 Con-
gress was passed which provided that when-
ever a revenue officer in the execution of his
duty collecting the revenue shall be involved
in law suits with anybody about that subject,
those cases should be transferred to the courts
of the United States in order that he might be
tried there, because the cases arose not under
State laws, but under the laws of the United
States. That was right and proper. Where
the officer was acting under the laws of the
United States, where ho was executing the
laws of the United States, and where the whole
subject-matter was within the jurisdiction ot the
United States, it was eminently proper that tlic
cause should be carried into the United States
courts: but that is a very different thing from
the application we have made of that, rule here,
and a very different thing from the later pre-
cedent which we have followed, ihis is not
that case. This is a case where prima facie
the State courts have not only clear, unques-
tionable jurisdiction, jurisdiction never before
I perhaps doubted, but where the United States,
' I by the verv terms of the instrument under which
1 we govern the Union, have no such power,
il Take the Constitution and the judiciary act
