1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1097
Tor miloase of throe Government commissioners,
ati<m cciur5 P'T mile. s")0O.
For com pen sat urn andm'iea^e of Government com-
missioners of ihfl Contra! Pacific railxoad during the
reexamination already made of the laihoad, at S500
ca"h, S>1 ,000.
For compensation and mileage of throe commis-
sioners ol tile Union Pacific railroad, eastern divis-
ion, and Central Pacific raihoad, appointed by tlm
President of the Un.Led Stales, agreeably to act of
July 1.1802, and amended act of July 2,18(54. during
the probable^examination of the railroad before the
close of the fiscal year of examinations, twenty days
each, at $l,00u, §6,000.
For compensation and mileage of commissioners
to examine portions of railroads reported completed
aeeordimr to hnv, to v, hicli jn ants of land inure, £2,500.
For pay, subsistence, and transportation of the
surveying party required by act of July 1, ]s62. to
make the tuu veys to enable the Pi esuhmt of the Uni-
ted States to fix the point on the one hundredth me-
ridian of longitude, between the south murscin ol the
\ulle> ol the Republican nver and the north raai ^in
of tin* valley of the Pi-itto liver, at which thescveial
branch road* shall converge and meet the Union Pa-
cific raihoad. ^JunXL
For drawing instrument*, mapping materials, sta-
tioneiv, &e., Sl-jO.
For coj-tof <mm;detins; bridge over Bis Sioux river,
near Pi on x Citv, SlO.OOO,
For incidental traveling expenses, $1,000.
Mr. IITGJ3Y. T move to amend what is pro*
posed to be stricken out by striking out on
pa,2'C lx, in. lino four hundred and rdxteen, the
woi(k> three Government commissioners,'5
and inserting in lieu thereof "one Govern-
ment commissioner and if that Amendment
prevails, I will oiler other amendments to con-
form to it.
I will slate that at the request of the Secre-
tary of the Interior \v*ho invited the commis-
sioners appointed by the President to inspect
the road to come to Washington, one of the
commissioners has come here from the Slate
of California. He was not invited to come
here by the, railroad company, but by tlie Sec-
retary of the Interior uiio invited him here for
a certain purpose.
Now, 1 will fctate in reference to the law,
that the law incorporating this company pro-
vided that three commissioners .should be ap-
pointed by the President to make examina-
tions and report to the Government; but ihe
law makes no pro\ision how these commis-
sioners shall be paid. That is the simple fact
in ie,2.ard to the iaw. 1 offer this amendment
in order that one of the commissioners, who
has come here in compliance with the request
of the Government, shall receive his pay. I
know this to be the fact, for 1 went to the Sec-
retary of the inferior myself, on tl>o part of the
committee, and obtained this information. I
know further ihnt, this commissioner has been
here in Washington twice, and is now in wait-
ing here.
Mr. AVASTIBURXE, of Illinois. Let this
amendment be made, anyhow ; it will make the
provision better llian it nowis; but I hope the
committee will strike out the whole of these
appropria! ions.
Mr. STEVENS. I oppose this amendment
of the sientieman from California. Either the
Government is bound to pay all of these three
commissioners or to pay none of them.
Now. in looking at the railroad law, I can
find no authority for the Government paying
either of them. The Government has paid to
these railroads all they intend to contribute to-
war d their construction. The Govcrnnie11L was
authorized to exercise a certain suj)er\ision. by
the appointment of live diiectors and the ap-
pointment of commissioners, and before they
issued bonds there were to be surveys made to
fix the initial points, but I never supposed that
that was not a part of the legitimate expenses
of the company in the location and construc-
tion of the road. It is just as much a part of
the duty of the company to pay for it as it is
to pay for laying down the track of the road.
1 agree therefore, with the gentleman from
Illinois, that the. Government has nothing t6
par to this company except the small'trilie of
ylG,()0U. S3-.000. and ^ibl-,000 per mile, when
the road i* completed. It wa< never designed
that this should be an annual laxupon the Gov-
ernment in addition to what they have done for
the road.
I hope, therefore, that all modifications will
be rejected, and that the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois [_Mi\ \Vasiibuhxe] will pre-
vail.
Mr. BID WELL. It strikes me that it would
be very bad policy indeed to trust the employ-
ment and payment of commissioners to the
company. 1 hey must be paid by somebody.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that the Government has the ap-
pointment of those men? The Government
appoints the directors and the commissioners.
They are Government appointees, but payable
by the company. %
Mr. BID WELL. Very well. The appoint-
ing power is very strong—it is potential. But
the paying power is equally as strong. I would
like to see ollicers in the employ of the Gov-
ernment paid by the Government, in order that
they might act independently and make fair
reports, on which Congress and the country
can rely; and considering the importance of the
Pacific railroad. I think the Government should
not hesitate to pay the trilling sahu y of Si,BOO.
If the company is to pin these expenses, they
will certainly, to a greater or less extent, con-
trol the result of the investigation. I am oj)-
posed to fctiiking this out.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Higbt, to strike out the word "'three" and
insert the word one."
Mr. I1IGBY. I will withdraw that amend-
ment for the simple reason that 1 have been
misled by having a lull differently printed from
the one under consideration. I presume I un-
derstand the pith of this matter, but at the same
time- f want to do my duty.
I willnowpropose another amendment,Which
will test the question properly. I propose to
amend by inserting wdiat I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For compensation of one Government commis-
sioner olthe (\:nti <il Pacific! ail road, appointed acn <_ e-
ably to 1 he act of J u!y 1, and ihe act of July 4,
1S(H, andin.-tiueted by the Secictary of the Interior
t o attend a inccnmr of the board ot Government di-
rect oi s, comtni-Moitcis. and emrinect^ at Washington.
Di^tm t ot Columbia, J anuai y 10,18!>(\ tor the purpose
ot iiximnipoH 1 lie standard of railroads to whi' h the
Pacihc laihoad and brain-he^ shalioonlorm, seventy-
live du}s, at ei'.;ht dollars- per day, ^o00.
Mr. I1IG13Y. I will test the principle upon
that amendment. I purpose to oiler another
amendment if this is adopu d.
Mr. WASlIbl'llNE. of Illinois. I make
the point of order that this amendment is not
carrying out any existing law, but is independ-
ent legislation upon an appropriation bill, and
thereiorc out of order by every ruling of the
House.
Mr. HI0BY It is in the original bill as it
came irom t he Department. It was considered
by the Committee on Appropriations as a part
of the bill. And if if does not appear here it
is because it was stricken out.
The CHA1BMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
dire question recurred npon tVm motion of
Mr. WAsHBriixn. of j llmois, to strike out from
line four hundred and one to lino four hundred
and liity-threc inclusive.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAYES. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after line lour hundred and rifty-seven
the following:
To enable the Joint Committee, on the Library to
pay the first installment due on a contract made with
i William 11. Powell for a  :ivnl picture to he placed
in the O'ai'itol in piKMtam e ol a joint resolution ap-
j proved March 2, 18iw, b-,000.
| Mr. PRICE. If I understand correctly the
i reading of that amendment.it is to pay $-.000
; for a picture. Xov\ j have no vote to give for
money to buy a picture ju^t at thK lime. 1 shall
vote against all appropriations for pictures for
this Government until nis able to bu\ and pay for
what we actually must have. 1 hope this com-
mittee will not vote any money to pay for pic-
tures or tinsel "or ornamentation of any kind
until we have money to pay for what we must
have.
Mr. HAYES. At the last session of Con-
gross, a joint resolution was passed directing
the Joint Committee on the Library to enter
into a contract with Mr. Powell for a picture"
to be placed in this Capitol. The contract has
been made in strict accordance wifh that res-
olution. This amendment is offered in order
that the first payment under that contract may
be made. I ask the Clerk to read the joint
resolution passed at the last session.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Joint resolution authorizing a contract with William
H. Powell lor a picture for the Capitol.
73e it resolved b>/ the Senate and IIouxg of Jlepresent-
ativn of tha United of America in. Congress as-
sentO/cd, That the Joint Committee on thcLibrary bo,
and they are heicby,directed to enter intoacontracfc
with Will nun II. Powell, of the State of Ohio, to paint
a pietuie lor the United States, to be placed at th©
head of one of the grand staircases in the Capitol,
illustrative of some naval victory ; the particular sub-
ject of the painting to bo agreed on by the commit-
tee and the artist: Provided, That the entire expense
of said picture shall not exceed $25,000, and $2,000
shall be paid to said William H. Powell in advance,
tq enable h<m to piepare lor the work, thcrcmamder
of said installments at intervals of not less than ono
>ear, the last installment to be retained until th.6
picture is completed and put up.
Appioved ^laieh 2, lb()5.
Mr. WASllliURNE, of Illinois. I am sorry
to say, Mr. Chairman, that tins amendment is
strictly in order. 1 resisted at the last session
the passage of the joint resolution wlncli has
just been read ; but it has become a law, anil I
suppose that it is. obligatory upon us to carry
it out.
Mr. BOSS. I would like to inquire, Mr.
Speaker, ■whether this work has been com-
menced, or whether it is possible to rescind
the contract and avoid the expenditure for this
picture. I recollect very well that when this
joint resolution was passed during the last ses-
sion of Congress it was pressed through the
House by the chairman ol' the Committee oil
Military Affairs, [Mr. Sciiexgk,] while at the
same time that gentleman opposed a proposi-
tion which was made to increase the pay of our
soldiers to twenty dollars per month, lie main-
tained that the Government was notable to pay
(bat increase ; and by his maneuvering and that
of the committee the proposition was defeated;
yet he urged through this House that joint res-
olution making an appropriation ofij'2y,0Q0 for
the painting of a picture.
Mr. HAVES, i have no doubt that if my
colleague, the chairman of the Committee oil
Millitary Affairs, was present he would havo
something to say in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois. [Mr. lions.] I -will only say that the
work upon this picture has been commenced,
and that the contract cannot honestly be re-
scinded.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking
out in lines four huudied and eightv-sevcu and
tour hundred and eighty-eight the following
words:
I'fir surveying public lauds in Dakota Territory,
S1.">,000.
1 am informed upon authority which I be-
lieve to be trustworthy that there are no lands
in Dakota Territory which need to be surveyed,
and that therefore no appropriation is neces-
sary for this purpose. On looking over this
1 iill, i find no appropriation for surveying lands
in Montana Territory, where there is a con-
siderable quantity of public lands that need to
be surveyed. Hence I think it would be good
policy to strike out this appropriation for sur-
veying lands in Dakota, -where, if f am, cor-
rectly informed, there is no need for an appro-
priation of this sort 
Mr. BURLEIG H. Mr. Chairman, if the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Pkjcis] had traveled
over Dakota Territory as much as I have, he
would entertain a differentopinion in reference
to the neeessitv of this appropriation. The pub-
lic lands in Dakota are, I believe, of as_ good
quality as those in the State ot Iowa or in any
of the western Territories. The lands in Da-
kota, aic almost the only public lands which aro
not in the hands of speculators, and on which
the poor emigrants of our country can find
homesteads.
During the continuance of tlie war, it is true.
