3978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
I will state briefly the reasons why I shall
vote against this proposition. ~ I have two
prominent reasons against it. I would have
yielded somewhat of one of them, provided I
had seen a single shadow of hope coming from
the State of Tennessee itself. I find on the
examination of the constitution of Tennessee
that the voting power is confined exclusively
to the white population. If Tennessee would
have even yielded to allow the colored men who
had been soldiers to vote ; or if they had even
initiated a policy which might have grown to
fullness hereafter, I might have consented to
the proposition. Since the proposition that is
now before the House assumes to dictate terms
to the State of Tennessee, and of right assumes
it, we also have the power to insist that that
State shall recognize the great principle of which
I have spoken.
My second objection to this proposition is
that the amendment of the Constitution sub-
mitted by Congress to the Legislatures of the
several States, although ratified by the Legis-
lature of the State of Tennessee, has not be-
come a portion of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. And since it has not become a
part of the Constitution, then the restrictions
that are contained within it have no applica-
tion upon that State whatever. And Tennes-
see, if admitted at this session of Congress,
will be admitted with the same number of Rep-
resentatives that the State had when the rebel-
lion commenced. "We will thus find the repre-
sentation of the several States very unequal,
and it seems to me that the people of the free
North will express not only dissatisfaction but
indignation at such a proposition. I think
there certainly should have been a restriction
here to the effect that before the proposed
amendment becomes a part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States Tennessee shall not
be entitled to any more representation than
she would be were the amendment in full oper-
ation and effect. I have briefly stated the two
principal objections with me to the adoption of
this resolution, and will not occupy more time
of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is a mat-
ter of regret to me that any gentleman hith-
erto supposed to intend well for his country,
hitherto supposed to stand with those who
have maintained intact the Constitution, the
Union, and the laws against the rebellion, the
like of which the children of men had never
before seen, should on the morning of this
day, which is the dawn of that better day that
will restore in all its unity and strength the
Republic, shattered but not destroyed by the
rebellion, should stand here in his place and
repudiate the richt of the law-abiding ma-
jority of the people to govern, the very prin-
ciple out of which the Constitution itself and
the Union originally sprang, and by the en-
forcement of which the Constitution and the
Union have been maintained through these
five years of war, and ask us in this hour of
our triumph to surrender this sacred and es-
sential right of the loyal majority, and say that
the destiny of the Republic at last is to be in
the hands of the minority or of a disloyal and
treasonable majority. I repeat it, the gentle-
man asks us to deny the right of the loyal ma-
jority, either in the Republic or in the State,
to rule. It ought to be a sufficient answer to
such a demand to say traitors and rebels by
their crime forfeited all political rights, and
those who saved the Republic have the right
to perpetuate it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has urged
that Tennessee is without a republican govern-
ment. Why? First, because the people, the
loyal people of Tennessee, the men who stood
by the Constitution and the Union in the dark-
est li ours of this revolt, have, by the amendment
of their fundamental and statute law, declared
that rebels should not exercise voice or power
in the State. They have so declared, and fur-
ther, they have declared by their amended con-
stitution that the ordinaBce of secession, passed
May 6, 1801,'' was an act of treason and usur-
pation, unconstitutional, null.and void;'' that
the league of the rebel confederation with Ten-
nessee was also " an act of treason and usur-
pation ; that slavery is forever abolished and
prohibited throughout the State;" and what is
still more significant, that "the Legislature
shall make no law recognizing the right of
property in man," and may determine the qual-
ification of voters, without regard to" race or
color. Because of all this the gentleman de-
clares that the government-of Tennessee is not
a republican government,!
Mr. Speaker, I thought it was understood,
I thought it was agreed upon by the defend-
ers of the Republic, from the day that treason
first fired on Sumter till this hour, that traitors
forfeited their political rights, privileges, and
powers under the governments, both State and
national. I remember well, and I remember
with pride_, the hour when, in the midst of this
great conflict, your legions were being mustered
upon a hundred fields for the trial by battle,
on which hung the nation's life, there was not
a man of any party upon this floor who, upon
being challenged, was willing to admit that the
people in any State engaged in that mad revolt,
and holding for the time by force of arms the
power of the State, had the right to a single
Representative here or to a single Senator in
the other branch of the national Legislature.
But now that rebellion has been conquered,
and conquered by the aid of loyal men in Ten-
nessee as well as elsewhere, the gentleman from
Massachusetts stands here to-day to denounce,
loyal Tennessee—for what? For having dis-
franchised men who struck at the nation's life,
for having disfranchised men who by their great
crime disfranchised themselves. He might as
well denounce the loyal men of Tennessee for
not having given aid by arms to the traitors and
their treason.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not wish to be
misunderstood. The ground of my objection
was the disfranchisement of the colored peo-
ple. I made no complaint in regard to the
disfranchisement of the rebels.
Mr. BIN G-H AM. The gentleman spoke of the
government of that State representing a minor-
ity. He spoke of the disfranchised white male
citizens as being more than half of the white
male citizens of the State, and denominated
them the sixty thousand disfranchised rebels.
Now, the gentleman declares the ground of his
objection to be the disfranchised colored people,
and that he does not complain of the disfran-
chisement of rebels. If he does not complain
of the disfranchisement of rebels, if that is not
the ground of his objection, then I submit there
is no ground for the gentleman's denial that the
government of Tennessee is republican in form,
or for his assertion that it is an Oligarchy. It is
the government, sir, of a majonty, and a large
majority, of all its loyal people. It represents
certainly one half, if not more than one half, the
original white population of the State. Sixty-
three thousand men, under the restrictions of
the new constitution and laws, supported by
their votes at the polls this organization iu the
State of Tennessee. When we consider the
ravages that war has made, these sixty-three
thousand loyal voters in Tennessee must repre-
sent four hundred and forty thousand of its
white population.
What, then, is the gentleman's argument,
now that he abandons the right of the rebels
to vote ? It is this, and only this, that the loyal
white people of the State of Tennessee have
not yet extended the elective franchise to the
black population. Sir, there is no man on this
floor who would have rejoiced more sincerely
than myself if these loyal men in Tennessee
had done that act of justice. The man who
had the honor to report first in this House,
when it was in the hands of the southern con-
spirators, a bill to repeal an existing slave code
and the honor to see his bill passed through
the House despite the reproaches and the
curses of men who but a few years afterward
took up arms against the Republic, might well
be supposed to rejoice at such an act of jus-
tice. But, sir, remember that these sixty-
three thousand white loyal voters in Tennes-
see represent four hundred and forty thousand
of the white population of the State. They are,
therefore, almost as two to one of the black pop-
ulation. Yet the gentleman says because this
white population, largely in the majority, have
not extended the elective franchise to the black
minority they have not organized a republican
State. The gentleman asserts that it is our duty
to reject this State for. this cause alone! Why,
then, does not the gentleman move the expul-
sion of Missouri from representation in this
House? That State has a like black popula-
tion disfranchised; a like white rebel popula-
tion disfranchised; therefore that State is to-
day in the hands of a white minority, and a
very small minority if you count the disfran-
chised rebel population together with the dis-
franchised colored population. I cannot speak
with certainty, but it is my impression that the
disfranchised white population of Missouri is
equal in numbers to its loyal white population.
Why not cry out against this injustice in Mis-
souri? Why not declare that the government
of that State is not republican, but an odious
oligarchy, and that her loyal freemen are not
entitled to representation in Congress?
But, sir, this is not all. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] has made a mistake,
and I ask him to correct it. He says that he
looks into the constitution of the State of Ten-
nessee, and finds that the word "white" is
retained. Sir, to the dishonor of my own
State, to the dishonor of his State, to the dis-
honor of a majority of the States north of
Mason and Dixon's line, in the midst of this
struggle and trial for the nation's life, these
loyal men of Tennessee swept away that limit-
ation in the text of her constitution, and by an
amendment, sustained in the very storm of
battle by the votes of more than forty thou-
sand of her loyal men, declared that the Legis-
lature of Tennessee may any day enfranchise
with the ballot every loyal black man in her
midst. The word "white" is not, therefore,
retained in the constitution of Tennessee as a
limitation upon the rights of colored citizens.
It cannot therefore be said of loyal Tennessee,
as it may be of many States represented here,
that a citizen who has battled for the Republic
through four years of war, who is covered with
wounds received in its defense, is declared by
the constitution forever disqualified to vote.
When he shall vote rests with the people of
that State. There I leave it.
Mr. HIGBY rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will please
not take up my time. I only say that 1 hope
the gentleman will correct that in his speech.
Mr. FIN CK. I ask my colleague to yield to
me for one minute.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I give no con-
sideration to the alleged ratification by Ten-
nessee of the amendment referred to in the
preamble. I do not believe it to be the act or
expression of the people of that State. But,
sir, the great overshadowing question is the
right of Tennessee to be represented here. I
believe she is so entitled. I want that State
and all the States to enjoy their constitutional
right of representation, and will vote for this
resolution, but not consenting to, but protest-
ing against, the preamble annexed to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. We think that Tennessee
ought to be represented.
Mr. FINCK. I believe it. I believe that all
the States should be represented.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I hope my colleague will
excuse me from further loss of time, and per-
mit me to state the reasons why Tennessee
should be admitted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman in-
tend to give no time to this side of the House?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will not object if it be
not taken out of my time. Mr. Speaker, Ten-
nessee to-day is as republican as Massachusetts
on the principle that the majority of the law-
abiding citizens of a State who have not for-
feited their privileges by treason have the right
to control its political power. That is the pri-
