2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
and read them. Let any man read them and
sec where he can find the authority there. The
nearest he tan possibly come to it is that these
may be said to be cases arising under the laws
of Ihe United States. I am perfectly free to
say that an argument may be made there; but
I am also perfectly free to say, and I am per-
fectly sure in saying, that the man who decides
that question one way or the other is not on
account of that decision to be taken as a crim-
inal or to be mulcted in damages because of
any mistake he may make.
As my honorable friend from California [Mr.
McDougaliJ very often says, the old fathers
were wiser than we are ; the men who founded
this Republic, the men who made its Constitu-
tion—and "there were giants in those days"—
provided much more aptly and quite as fully
for this question as it was possible in the
nature of things and from the machinery with
which we administer our Government could be
done. What did they do? They provided that
whenever a defendant in any court set up a jus-
tification tinder the laws of the United States
or under the Constitution of the United States,
and the State court refused that defense, de-
cided against it, decided against the constitu-
tionality of the law under which he set it up,
in such case he should have a writ of error to
the Supreme Court of the United States. What
could be plainer and wiser? If it be true that
under the laws of the United States these offi-
cers are justifiable in any particular case, where
is the objection to their making that defense in
the State court, and, if it is not allowed, give
them the right to appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States. What can be plainer j
than that?
I have another word to say about the policy
of this law. The danger to the Union, the
danger to the existence of this fabric to-day, is
quite as great as it ever was, and why ? The
danger is that the several constituent parts of
it will not keep each within its own sphere.
The danger is that the States will assume to
enlarge their reserved rights, and paralyze the
General Government; and on the other hand
the danger is that the General Government
will encroach, swallow up the State rights, and
centralize and despotize—if I may be allowed
to make a new word for the occasion—this
Government. What is our duty ? Our duty is
to keep both in the line of their original crea-
tion, keep them where the fathers put them.
Let the United States be supreme in all that
relates to the whole; let it have no concern
whatever in that which relates to the particu-
lars. One of the great pervading principles
of the Constitution was that whatever a State
could do better of u-"lf than could be done by
the whole Union was not delegated to the
Union ; whatever the Union could do better
than a single State was delegated to it, and 1
fancy that everything was delegated which is
proper to give the States the advantages of
united action. To the United States was dele-
gated the power of making war and of dealing
with foreign nations. Why? Because thirteen
united weak colonies could transact that busi-
ness better, and secure the public welfare, and
provide for the public defense much better
than they could do it separate and apart. That
was the reason. Take another instance. The
postal communications from one State to an-
other are far better in the hands of the General
Government than they would be in the hands
of the several States, by which we should have
at the present time thirty-six different and dis-
tinct post office departments in the Union,
and therefore the Post Office was given to the
United States. Then the power of passing
naturalization laws, of removing the disability
which is attendant upon being foreign born,
was given to the United States, and why? Be-
cause it was a general subject, and could be
better administered by them tliau by any other
authority. The right to maintain armies and
navies was given alone to the United States,
and why ? Because they are arms by which
the general ucicnse and mutual welfare of the
whole are to be protected. And so upon con-
sideration of the instrument which created this
Government, and a careful consideration of it,
it will be found, I think, to be as I have stated
it, that wherever the thing to be done is for
the general good of the whole, and which can
be done better by the united action^ of_ the
whole, and which cannot be done by the individ-
ual action of the States, there the General Gov-
ernment has authority ; but wherever the State
oan administer the law, wherever the State can
administer justice between her citizens, there
the United States is never allowed to interfere,
and she has no machinery by which she can
interfere.
A very forcible illustration of that may be
readily given. In .order to transact the busi-
ness of the people, in order to administer jus-
tice to the people in the several States, you
have to have at least two or three inferior
magistrates in every precinct, ward, or town-
ship. You have to have an orphans' court, a
court of common pleas, a court of oyer and
terminer, a court of quarter sessions, and you
have sometimes to have courts of equity, in
every county in every State. What for? In
order that justice may be brought to the doors
of the people. Sow, think of the madness of
executing that great governmental function,
which is really and truly the very govern-
mental function, by means of the United
States machinery. Tho United States have
I no magistrates: that is, they have no jus-
1 tices of the peace, no '■squires;" they have
j no county courts; they have no machinery
; in the world by which they can administer
justice among the people except the courts
flag he fights and whose commission he carries
about with him.
But, Mr. President, that is neither here nor
there. 1 suppose upon these topics nobody
will differ; I am not able to see how anybody
could differ upon them; but the question is,
how are we to make a remedy? What is the
remedy to-day? The remedy is just as well
settled in the State courts and by the State
law, 1 think, as you can possibly settle it by
the United States law. If I sue a man for an
! act done against me while he is acting under
l a commission, tinder authority derived from
; the law and the Government, he justifies liiui-
| self by that authority in all cases if the act is
j warranted by the authority. There can be no
! difficulty about that. The sheriff's writ is good
| as a justification for him against a trespass.
| So the commission of the soldier is good as a
I justification for him against a trespass. But
| suppose that he exceeds his authority ; if he
| has authority to take a fort, that gives him no
I authority to murder prisoners of war; if he
I has authority to assail a town, it gives him 110
I authority to violate women; -if he has author-
j ity to march through the country, that gives
| him no authority to take private property with-
; out such an emergency as excuses the act, and
: when the emergency is an excuse for the act
i the court is always willing to give him the ben-
j efit of it. That is the law now. It is the law
! everywhere throughout the civilized world, and
l why.' Because it is common sense,
i I know that in States where the rebellion
; has prevailed, and in the border States where
the people have been very much excited, and
created under the Constitution, one or two in where they have been divided into angry, hos-
j a State. Think of this; and it gives us, above !
; perhaps anything else, a better notion of the j
i extent of the general power of the United
i States over dispeople; and when we think of
i the irritating (Sects of this kind of legislation
piotruding itself within the domain of State
: j.ui-. diction. where tho people have always been
ecej-'iomed to have justice administered, and
v, here they have always been in the habit of
! lvhir.g on having it administered fairly, the
! question whether they will submit to it ought
to make, I think, any prudent man hesitate,
j And if we come to reflect for one moment on
I the extent of the combinations that will be
made agf.inst it, no matter how salutary it may
be. no matter how wholesome it may be, no
matter how much you may think it is required;
if it is against the genius of our institutions,
if it is against that which the people believe in
the administration of the laws, your statutes
will be wiped out, and they will never be of
any avail to anybody.
lsTow. sir. I am, as I said, in favor by all means
of protecting the ofiicer in the honest, conscien-
tious discharge of his duties while in the service
of the United Slates. No man can feel the
necessity of that more than I do. No man, I
think, is more sensible of the annoyances, of
the wrong and injury, that would lie done to the
faithful servant of the United States if lie was
to be dragged here and there and subjected to
actions for what he did in the honest, conscien-
tious discharge of his duties. At the same time
when a man puts on the uniform of the United
States, when he accepts her service and marches
under her flag, if he is guilty of oppressing the
citizen, of gratifying his private malice wantonly
and without the welfare of the country con-
stantly in view, then I have no kind of charity
for such a man. 1 think that ho is fitly and
appropriately the victim of the severest laws
that can lie made to prevent wrong and op-
pression.
Sir, what ia the mission of this man when he
enters our service ? It is to defend and protect
! the people, not to oppress and injure, rob and
I plunder them. Can anything be plainer ? And
if he so far forgets himself as to lend himself
to wrong and injury and oppression, needlessly,
ruthlessly, wantonly, and maliciously, I would
have him punished, and punished severely. A
double punishment should be his, because he
not only show3 the depravity of his own nature,
but he disgraces the Government under whose
tile parties, these actions will be frequent, and
j a great deal of difficulty and a great deal of
! trouble will arise out of them. But these are
! troubles which are not to be cured by legisla-
; tion ; not to be cured even by State legislation.
1 They are the troubles of a community, out of
, which it must emerge with tho trials or punish-
] ments which result from them. It must acquire
| wisdom from experience. After awhile the
| people will learn that their true interests are
; not promoted by the gratification ef their evil
I passions and by the forgetfulness of the great
| laws of charity, man for man ; and these things
! will be avoided; but they are not within the
j domain of law; they are not curable by legis-
! lation. For instance, it is utterly impossible
by l-v-'lation here that we should prevent the
prejudice* of a jury in one section of the coun-
try from denying to one man justice and giving
an over meed of it to another. We cannot pre-
vent that. It is utterly impossible that we can
by legislation here eradicate the prejudices of
judges, that we can influence their leanings.
We cannot provide for that by statute. That
is to bo the work of tine, and the gradual oper-
| ation of the good .sense of our people who liere-
; after will no doubt discover the evils and folly
j which exist in all tins, and they will come
i back to that sensible, wholesome operation of
their laws which is the only thing after all that
! we have to rely upon.
i Mr. President, in conclusion I have only to
. say that I think it is clear, beyond question,
j that the judges of a court acting under State
■ authority, acting conscientiously in deciding
i cases, although they may act erroneously, are
| not for that reason to be made criminals, nor
| are they to be mulcted in damages for their
| erroneous judgment. Tho remedy for that in
I our jurisprudence is a writ of erior. If they
i refuse to transfer a cause from (he Slate court
• totheeircuit court of the L'nited States when it is
i the law, and the Supreme Court of the United
i States shall declare it to be tho law that the case
! shall be transferred, then the case will go there,
and il will go there without staining the judge
i wilh criminality, without subjecting him as a
| trespasser lor what may have been an honest
, mistake of judgment on his part.
1 Mr. DOOLILTLE. Mr. President, I desire
: to say a few more words to my honorable friend
! from Illinois on this question of corpus,
| and I have taken up the book from which my
I honorable friend read. In the State of Wis-
