8018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
League Island, and there let the mutter drop?
That is not the question at all. If it was only
contemplated that the Government should take
League Island and transfer the present navy-
yard from Philadelphia, with its present ca-
pacity, down to that portion of League Island
which will admit of the superstructure, we
perhaps would not find it so objectionable.
But that is not the end of it. It is only the
commencement. Then Congress will be called
upon from year to year to appropriate its mil-
lion dollars for League Island and for the iron-
clad vessels to be constructed and repaired
there. There is no question about that. -It is
to be a great navy-yard of the nation.
Now, sir, I ask if it is too much for this
House to request of the gentlemen who are
interested at one point and the other, that a
commission, learned in this matter, made up
of scientific men from the Army and Navy,
shall go out and explore the different points
that may be presented for exploration, and be
required to report to this Congress at its next
session, for final action, giving to us League
Island, if they find that to be the best, or J'ort-
land, or Portsmouth, or a point on the Hudson
river, or on the Patuxent, or any point that the
commission may say to us has the most merit.
Then we will fix an iron-clad navy-yard upon
it, and vote the necessary appropriation.
I am in favor of the substitute for the bill,
expecting that it will he so modified as to require
'.he commissioners to report at the next session
of this Congress.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
House will observe my disposition to yield to
my distinguished and able friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Si'ALDlM;,] who ditl'crs from me in re-
gard to the measure before the House. That
generosity sprang from entire confidence in
the fact that any argument, that the gentleman
might be able to make adverse to the prop-
osition which I inn about to defend could be
overturned.
I may as well dispose of his argument as well
as I can at once. The gentleman has raised
the bugbear of public expense at tins time.
Now, my distinguished Iricnd well knows that
from the beginning of this session, and during
a period of the last Congress, 1 followed him as
closely us 1 knew how in every disposition to
save every dollar I could to the Government.
But in that disposition there is sometimes
exhibited here a plan which is spoken of as
"penny-wise and pound-foolish." Sir, if the
gentleman had clearly informed himself upon
this subject, ho would have seen, not, only that
this transfer of the navy-yard from Philadel-
phia to League Island would not bo an expense
to the Government. but that it would in the
end absolutely supply money to the Govern-
ment.
The portion which the city of Philadelphia
desires shall be vacated has a wharf front of
the most valuable properly in the eity. It
embraces several squares. It gives us two
squares of front on Prime, two on Federal,
two on Wharton, and two on Reed street. It
is estimated that the property will bring from
a million to a million and a half dollars.
This morning a competent man and a man of
means called on me and authorized me to
state here that he would, for the land which
was vacated, cheerfully make a contract to put
League Island in a condition for a navy-yard
for iron-clads such as the Navy Department
might prescribe in every particular, and he
further said he believed lie would make money
by the operation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I doubt whether I can
add much to what has been so well said by
my distinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Le
Bi.oxd,] a gentleman who from locality is cer-
tainly disinterested, and whose opinion, formed
as it is from information obtained by much
industry and the devotion of a great length of
time to the subject, is worthy of great consid-
eration. That gentleman yesterday in the most
clear and masterly manner touched the prac-
tical plan and the common-sense points of the
argument. He comes before this House not
governed by any motives other than a regard
to the public good. I myself do not inquire
into other person's motives. That belongs not
to me. I confess that I am not free from local
pride, neither do 1 expect to see an absence
of local pride on. the part of the gentleman
from Connecticut. On the contrary, I think
it not only not reprehensible but most, com-
mendable, and 1 congratulate, saving his poli-
tics, that the citizens of his district are so well
represented on this floor.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. The gentleman will
allow me to tender him my thanks. [Laughter. ]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. But I
want this House to consider the points directly
at issue. There are three points in this ques-
tion bearing upon the choice between New
London and League Island, for I may say that
it is a question between those two places.
What are those points of practical difference?
Let us examine them.
1 will road an extract from the rules laid
down by the commission who were sent to
examine this site and other sites with a view
to selection for an iron-clad navy-yard. They
laid down these rules:
"Security from attack by an enemy and facility
and economy ot defense. To bo easily defended trom
if.-: own topo^rapineal advantages. To be easily rcen-
forced b.v troops trom a dense population within
easy marchimtdislance. Notcasily blockaded. iS:ot
too near the mouth of a bay or i ivur."
The majority leport, upon the question of
security make use of the following language:
"The board is of opinion that either of tho sites
under examination may bo promptly and efficiently
detended and that, upon this question they may be
regarded as equal."
Now, there is no man who has listened to
this discussion, who has read tho opinion and
the reports upon the subject, but what will see
exactly that the majority of the commission
yielded when they put them upon an equality.
Now listen to what the minority of the com-
mission say:
"In security from an attack by an enemy and facil-
ity and economy ol defence League Island, which is
seventy miles trom the mouth of one of the most
defensive riversot the, United States is ^rentlysupe-
noras a site tor a navy-yard to Wmtnrop's'Point,
which is three and one eighth mites trom the month
of the Timmes river. League Island is secure fiom
a naval attack by iitle batteries. Winthrop s Point
is not."
Now, there is an opinion coming from gen-
tlemen who, whether thoy were distinguished
or not, have staked their honor and their char
acter as men of veracity and as officers of the
United Klal.es Navy upon this report.
The facilities necessary for building iron-
clads have been enlarged upon so fully in this
House that it is hardly necessary to do more
than remind it, that, this point is a great focus
of tho communication from the teeming West
through one system of railroads from Indiana.
Illinois, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. And 1 would
say to the gentlemen in this House from those
States that they are doubly interested in secur-
ing this site as it will open up an immense
market for the commodities of the West.
It is quite natural that New England should
bo in favor of New London as the point at
which this location should be made. But I beg
of gentlemen representing New England and
of this House that thoy will not clanuishly con-
tinue in opposition to this project, but that they
will listen to the facts, listen to the reports,
and as far as they are able recollect that there
are other States and other localities in this
country besides their own.
Now, I desire to say a few words to meet
some of the objections which the distinguished
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Bkaxdegee]
urged on yesterday. Sir, let me say that the
Delaware river at League Island and at Phila-
delphia is navigable at all times for vessels
drawing twenty-six feet of water. I believe
that experience has shown that in that respect
Philadelphia at all times has the advantage o^
New York; and at one time a vessel was
ordered from New York, on account of the
insufficiency of water there, and sent to Phil-
adelphia, where it loaded its cargo and pro-
ceeded with it to sea.
The next point the gentleman raised was as
to the necessity of piling and the great expense
which that necessity involved. Now, I want
the gentleman from "Connecticut to listen while
I state that, according to wlmt information I
have upon the subject, so far as League Island
is concerned, not one bit of piling is necessary
there ; and that information I have from those
who understand this subject thoroughly. Per-
haps the gentleman is aware that this system
of piling is now becoming more or less obso-
lete ; that it is only found necessary to lay down
hemlock logs and sink them ; therefore the old
system of piling is done away with.
Now, as to the beautiful figure of speech,
for it was fancy and not fact, that, the river is
ice-bound for three months in the year. Sir,
he does not know anything about that river
or he would know that tho difficulty from ice
in that river is at the Iiorse-Shoe, which is
above League Island.
Now I think I have said everything of im-
portance on this point that I have to say, and
I will not take up further time of the House.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to say a-few
words upou the bill before the House. We are
called upon to vote for one of two propositions:
the one authorizing the executive authorities
to examine one particular site for a navy-yard
and to report whether it be or be not adapted
to that purpose; the other, which is embraced
in the subM-itute offered by the gentleman fiom
Connecticut, [Mr. Biiaxdegee, J authorizing a
commission to examine the seveial sites which
have been proposed for navy-yards, and to re-
port which of them is best adapted for the pur-
poses of a navy-yard and station.
Now, it seems to me to be perfectly clear that it
is for the interest of the Navy and of the country
to have the best site for a navy-yard which can
be found in the United States. I cannot there-
fore see any valid objection to the adoption of
the substitute. It proposes that all the sites,
including League Island, shall be examined by
a commission. Now, if the commission be a
competent commission, and if League Island
be, as is claimed by its advocates here, the
best site in the United States, indeed the only
site fit for a navy-yard, it is reasonably certain
that it will be the site recommended. On the
contrary, if it be not the best, 1 take it that
nobody wishes that it should be recommended.
Now, sir, I do not care to go beyond that.
That, single consideration will decide my vote
as between these two propositions.
But if we look further, and find that one
board of scientific officers has examined the
League Lhuid site and distinctly condemned
it, that the Naval Committee of this House of
the hist Congress also reported against it, and
that there is no authoritative or scientific de-
cision in favor of Le, gue Island except that
of the Navy Department, then it seems to me
we are to presume that there must be some
reason existing against the selection of that
site which will render it proper that other sites
should al-o be examined.
I do not intend to enter at, all into the ex-
amination of the League Island site nor of any
other site. But I do feel anxious that, the
country shall have the benefit of tho best site
that can be obtained; and I know of-no better
way of determining what that site is and where
it is located than is afforded by the appointment
of a commission to examine them all.
I have listened with great interest to the
debate on this subject. It has been mainly,
and perhaps I might say exclusively, under the
conduct ot gen'lemon directly interested in the
one or the other of two sites. Certainly all that
has been said thus far in favor of the League
Island site has been said by gentlemen who do
not for a moment profess that they are disin-
terested in this matter. The gentlemen from
Philadelphia have strong reasons for advocat-
ing the I league Island site. I do not mean to
intimate that they are influenced by improper
reasons j I do not mean to say that their inter-
est would necessarily control their judgment j
but they certainly have strong reasons for ad-
vocating the selection of that site in preference
