1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3979
mal principle of American institutions, and that
is the principle which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts comes here to-day to repudiate.
The restoration ot the State of Tennessee in
the mode proposed to her proper relations in
the Union is no surrender of that principle
unless you set up here the right of the rebels
lately in arms to govern the loyal people, the
rebels whom you undertake to disfranchise
by the constitutional amendment, and which
amendment I trust in God the American peo-
ple will ratify and thereby disfranchise those
who compassed the nation's life and filled the
land with the graves of the nation's defenders.
If the rebels are to be excluded from political
power then, sir, the men who speak this day
from Tennessee are the majority, overwhelm-
ingly the majority of its free population, black
and white included.
But, says the gentleman, they exclude from
the elective franchise loyal black men who
bore arms for the defense of the Republic. _ I
admit it. So does Ohio, so does Pennsylvania,
and so, also, do a majority of the States of the
Union. Is that any reason, sir, that Tennes-
see should be denied representation in this
House? It would be better if justice, equal
and exact justice, were established in every
State.
We are all for equal and cxact justice, but
justice for all is not to be secured in a day,
and he is the wisest statesman and the most
faithful to duty who will seize the opportunity
this day presented to restore a State to its
proper place in the Union; and thereby add
one additional vote of a free people in aid of
the final ratification of that amendment to the
Constitution which provides for the protection
of each citizen by the combined power of all;
which disfranchises traitors and repudiates all
obligations contracted in aid of treason and
maintains the nation's plighted faith inviolate,
and secures to every human beingin every State
the equal protection of the laws. I read this
amendment for the consideration of gentlemen
who declare a State not republican which rati-
fies it:
" Article XIV.
" Sectios 1. All persons horn or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the,jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of the States
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person oflifo, liberty, or property
without duo process of law; nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws.
"Sec. 2. Representatives sliall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election for the choice
of electors for President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, the ex-
ecutive and judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one
years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, exeept.for participation in rebel-
lion orothercrime, the basis of representation therein
shall be reduced in the proportion which the num-
ber of such maio citizens shall bear to the whole num-
ber of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State.
"Sr.c. -1. No person shall be a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support, the
Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
a;d or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, bv a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
sneh disability.
"Sec. 4. The validity of the puulic debt of the
United States, authorized by law, including debts
incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for
serviecs in suppressing; insurrection or rebellion,
shall not be questioned. But neither the United
States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or
obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United Stales, or any claim for the
loss or emancipation ol anyslave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall be held illegal and void.
"Sec. 5. That Congress shall have power to en-
force, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of
this article."
There stands the amendment ratified by
Tennessee, who comes with this new evangel,
"no State shall deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
Let this provision become the supreme law of
every State of the Republic by the omnipo-
tence of the ballot and justice will thereby have
achieved a triumph long waited for and prayed
for by the oppressed of all lands.
Oh, sir, I am ashamed that a man should
stand here and tell me that nothing is done to
establish justice when a State lately in rebel-
lion ratifies such a provision as an amendment
of the Constitution and conforms its own laws
to its requirements. No one who believes that
amendment essential to the safety of the Re-
public, and that it is the highest possible duty
he owes to himself and the country to carry
that amendment into the Constitution, can
stand here and taunt me as having surrendered
by its advocacy and the restoration to power of
a Stale which in good faith ratifies it, the rights
of loyal colored men or of any men. With-
out this amendment incorporated in the Con-
stitution of the United States where will you
find the power given to the American people
to throw the shield of the law of the land over
these unfortunate human beings, lately slaves,
now emancipated citizens, who with their an-
cestors have through many generations and
many centuries been the victims of cruelty,
outrage, oppression, and wrong?
Would gentlemen esteem it nothing if a
majority of the loyal people of the other ten
States lately in insurrection should imitate the
example of Tennessee, declare secession trea-
son, declare slavery abolished and forever pro-
hibited, and solemnly ratify the amendment
declaring that no State shall deny to any per-
son within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws, and Congress shall have power, by
the nation's will and the nation's law, to en-
force this righteous decree? I pity the man
who would not hail such a result with joy and
restore at once to their place in the Union
States which should give such evidence of re-
spect for the laws and such security for the
safety of the Republic. F repeat, sir, that
amendment has been indorsed and ratified by
that people, a majority of tiio loyal people of
the State, and yet wc are told to deny their
right to representation until they grant colored
suffrage. I tell gentlemen that the American
people will no more tolerate vassal States here-
after in this Republic than vassal men. If the
majority of the people of Ohio have the right
to control the political power of the State the
majority of the loyal people of Tennessee have
the same right; and I ask gentlemen to weigh
well the question when they come to vote,
whether Tennessee shall be rejected only be-
cause the majority exercise the same power as
to colored suffrage claimed for and exercised
by all the other States. Whenever Congress
attempts to restrict this right of the majority to
rule in the State it will attempt usurpation,
and whenever the majority of loyal citizens
surrenders that right into the hands of the mi-
nority it surrenders the cardinal principle of
representative government. One great issue
has been finally, and I trust forever, settled in
the Republic; the equality of all men before
the law. Another issue of equal moment is
now pending, and it is this: the equality of the
States and the right of the majority of loyal
freemen to rule.
That is the issue between the gentleman and
myself; it is the whole issue, and I am glad
he sees fit to make it. I want to know upon
what principle, if you deny the equality of the
State, and the right of the loyal majority to
rale, we can maintain intact our institutions,
secure the just fruits of the triumph of our
arms, or escape the reproach of securing to the
rebellion itself the fruits of the great victory.
I respectfully demand to know upon what prin-
ciple you can deny the people of Tennessee
representation on this floor, without denying
the vital spirit of our free institutions, the right
of the people to self-government. "Oh,'' says
the gentleman, "we have not reapportioned
representation.
Sir, the American people are not^ going to
palter in this supreme moment of trial about
small things. They have not seen fit to require
reapportionment since the disintegration ot the
States. Gentlemen know that when the Rep-
resentatives from Missouri appeared on this
floor to be sworn in there had been no new
apportionment. And yet, "who challenged any
of her Representatives on the ground that one
half of her people had forfeited their right to
representation by treason? Missouri, like Ten-
nessee, had disfranchised rebels and denied
suffrage to colored citizens. Yet, who chal-
lenged her right to representation here?
Mr. STEVENS. At the time that Mis-
souri elected her Representatives, we had not
changed the basis.
Mr. BIXGIIA.M. That does not alter the
case ; we have not changed the basis yet.
Mr. STE VENS. Missouri was never a rebel
State.
Mr. BINGHAM. That does not alter the
case, unless it follows that rebels in a State
which did not secede are entitled to more
consideration than rebels in a State that did
Mr. STEVENS. Nothing alters it, I sup-
pose. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The question of being a
rebel or a non-rebel State is not involved, be-
cause the forfeiture was the forfeiture of per-
sonal political rights and not the forfeiture of
the equal rights of the State upon restoration.
I would like to know upon what principle the
gentleman would apply one rule of apportion-
ment to Tennessee and another to Pennsyl-
vania. I suppose the gentleman means by the
suggestion, that although Pennsylvania may
have had about one hundred and seventy-five
thousand as arrant rebels in it as ever followed
the standard of Jeff. Davis, they ought to be
allowed to have seats in this Congress. I do
not say she had that many, but if she had. 1
am told and believe we had a large number in
our western States calling themselves Knights
of the Golden Circle, who organized for the
purpose of overthrowing the fabric of our Gov-
ernment. I understand that there were some
ninety thousand in Ohio, a hundred thousand
in the State of Indiana, and a like number in
Illinois. If this be so it becomes pertinent to
inquirejjy what logic gentlemen arrive at the
conclusion that treason in Tennessee changes
the basis of representation, while in Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois it does
not. There is neither reason nor logic in
such a position, with all respect to the gentle-
man.
I say, again, these States must be equal be-
fore the law. They must each have equal rep-
resentation in the Senate, and they must each
be represented according to their whole repie-
scutative population in this House. It cannot
be otherwise until your Constitution be changed.
It matters notwhether the State may have been
hitherto in rebellion or may have been strug-
gling to maintain the Constitution, the rule is
the same, and I trust ever will remain, that_the
States, like the people, are to be equal before
the law. That is the position occupied by the
friends of this bill. When, sir, did the Amer-
ican Congress ever occupy a prouder or nobler
position than in reassei ting this day in its length
and breadth that grand principle out of which
your Constitution and Government sprung,
namely, the right of the people, faithful to their
own great cause, to take the Government into
their own keeping and dictate the terms on
which it should hereafter go on ?
When the clouds hung heavy above us in
the first great struggle for American inde-
pendence, after the loot of the British invader
had profaned our soil, and Lexington was red
with the blood of our people, and Bunker Hill
had shook beneath the shock of.the conflict,
means were taken, and a confederation was
entered into to maintain, by perpetual union
and by laws, what was fought for and about
to be won by the virtue and valor of the peo-
ple in arms. By the Articles of Confederation
