1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
appropriately than many appropriations that
have been stricken out already; that, far in-
stance, for surveys in Dakota Territory. I am
■willing to give $50,000 for the detection of coun-
terfeiters. 1 think that is ample for the present.
When tliey want more I will be ready to vote it.
The question was taken on Mr. Duiggs's
amendment; and it was not agreed to—ayes
twenty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to strike out the
following clause:
# For building a custom-house at Portland, Maine,
m addition to the sum heretofore appropriated by
Congress, 875,000: Provided, That the Secretary of the
Treasury may, il he thinks it advisable, expend a sum,
not exceeding $2-5,000, in the purchase ot ground ad-
joining the site of the old custom-house on Fore
street, now owned by the United States, for the pur-
pose of enlarging the same, or the Secretary may ex-
change the lot now owned as aforesaid for a more
eligible one, if tho same can be procured; but no
money shall be paid or agreed to be paid by the Uni-
ted otales in consideration of such exchange, and no
transfer, assignment, or conveyance of property by
the United Slates shall be made upon such exchange,
except a conveyance, on its behalf, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, of the interest of the United States
m the lot aforesaid and the building thereon.
I would inquire if they have a custom-house
at this time in Portland, Maine.
Mr. LYXCH. i would inform the gentle-
man that at present the custom-house at Port-
land is in a building occupied for t3io custom-
house, post ollice, and United States court-
rooms, and that the accommodations are en-
tirely inadequate to the business to be done.
The room now occupied for the custom-house
is in the second story of the building, and is
needed for the United States court-room, which
is now on the third story. It is proposed, as I
understand, to remove the internal revenue of-
fices into the rooms now occupied by the Uni-
ted State courts. They are now in buildings
outside which are rented by the Government.
The Government owns a lot upon which the
custom-house formerly stood, and it is pro-
posed to erect a new building on that lot.
This appropriation passed both Houses dur-
ing the last session of Congress, and it is rec-
ommended by the Secretary of theTreasurv. I
may state that 1he business of the custom-
house at Portland has more than tripled in the
last three years, and that the present accom-
modations are entirely inadequate.
Mr. BERG-EN. It appears, then, that they
have already a custom-house there. Is it wise
at this time, when the country is so much in
debt, to incur further indebtedness in this way ?
The cost of labor and building materials is so
high at present that individuals are afraid to
build. Is it wise for the Government at such
a time, burdened as we are with debt, to erect
new buildings when it can be avoided?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasji-
burne] lias opposed all these unnecessary ap-
propriations, and has even moved to strike out
appiopriations which are absolutely necessary
for the protection of buildings already elected
and to prevent their going to decay. I had
expected to hear him raise his voice in opposi-
tion to this appropriation of $75,000 for a new
building, but not one word do we hear from
him.
The question waskiken on the amendment ;
and there were—ayes 35, noes o2; no quorum
voting.
Mr. WASIIBURXE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from New York, with whom I voted,
will not breakup the committee by insisting
on a further count on his amendment.
Mr. ilOSS. I understand that if we do not
press a vote on the amendment now, there will
be no chance toreeur to this provision. Surely
my colleague would not permit an appropria-
tion ofihi:> kind to go through?
Mr. BERGEN. I insist on a farther count.
Mr. WASHBURNJ3, of Illinois. Then I
call for tellers.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the commitie rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing losumed the chair. Mr. Amiley, of Ohio,
repoitod that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly bill of the Hpuse No.
86, making additional appropriations, and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations, for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending 30th of June, I860, and
for other purposes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
message piiom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 58) entitled "An
act granting lands to the State of Oregon to
aid m the construction of a military road from
Corvallis to Aquina bay;5' also, a bill (S. No.
133) entitled ''An act granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the waters of the bay of San Fran-
cisco to Ilumboldt bay;'' in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
ten minutes to five o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, £c.,were presented under
the rale,and referred to the appropnatccommittecs:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Corporal James
J. Ferris, ot the seventh Indiana volunteers, asking
increase of pen-ion.
By Mr. ALLEY: The petition ©f Cape Ann Savings
Bank, for reduction of taxes.
^ By Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada: A resolution of tho
State of Nevada, concerning a mail to Silver Peak
from Aurora.
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of officers of the
Southbiidsc Savings Bank?, at Bouthbiidgc, Massa-
chusetts, in regard to the taxation of deposits in
savings banks.
Also; a petition of Ivniffen & Harrington, of Wor-
cester, Massachusetts, in regard to tho excessive du-
plication of taxes on harvesters and other agricultu-
ral implements.
By Mr. BUNDY: The petition of David Caddis,
and 110 others, citizen-; of Adams and Brown counties,
Ohio, for a post route irom lliplcy, Brown county, to
Bradysville, Adams county, Ulno. tii-weekly mail.
Alto, a p etui on of < ltizens of Meigs and Vinton
counties, Ohio, lor a daily stage and mail route Irom
Middleport, in Meigs county, via Rutland, Langs-
vine, Salem Center, Wilkejwille, Eagle Furnacc, to
Uamdon, in Vinton county, Ohio.
By Mr. COFFROTll: The petition of ccrtain man-
ufacturers of agricultural implements, of Waynes-
boro, Franklin county, Pennsylvania, asking for a
change m the internal revenue law relieving them
from unequal taxation.
By Mr. 11 ALB: The petition of the Northern Trans-
portation Line, i-ii<1 others, interested in the commerce
of Lake Champlam, for the improvement of Platts-
burcr harbor.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Abram C. Rhine-
hnrt, for American register for sloop Minetta of Gan-
anoque.
By Mr. IIOLBROuJC: Amemorial oftheLegislative
Assembly ot the Territory of Idaho, praying for an
appropriation for public buildings,a territorial prison,
and public library in said Territory.
By Mi. HULBURD: The icmonttrance of John
Allondorph, and others, eifi7ons of Ogdensburg, New
Y"ork, against sale of stamped envelopes for the price
ol stamps &e.
Also, tho remonstrance of Fisk Taylor, and others, of
Brasher Falls, New York, against admission of south-
ern States until proper guarantees have been estab-
lished.
Bv Mr. JULIAN: The petition of sundry citizens
of Indiana, praying Congress not to restore any of
the States lately m rebellion to their former rights
till adequatesccurity has been obtained against fur-
ther acts of lebellion, against the payment of the
rebel debt, and demanding other specified guarantees.
By Mr. KETCIIAM: The petition of Adiiance, Piatt
& Co., manufacturers of the Buekeye mower and
reaper, at Poughkeepsic, New York, for relief from
the duplication ot taxes which bear so heavily upon
their branch of industry under the present internal
revenue laws.
Also, the petition of Ludwig Ebstein and of ^Gif-
ford. Sherman it 3-nnis,of Poughkccpsie, New York,
for such an adjustment of the tariff and internal tax
on chemicals as shall not bear oppressively upon the
American manufacture!.
By Mi. LA KLIN : Resolutions of the Legislature of
the'State of New Yoik. relative to a ship-canal from
Portaire Lake to Lake Supeiioiv across the base of
Keweenaw Point. - *
By Mr. LYNCH: Tho petition of S. A. Boothby, and
others, asking that such conditions be imposed upon
the rebel States as shall puni>h treason, reward loy-
alty, and abolish all distinctions in their constitu-
tions and laws on account of race or color.
Also, tbe petition of Thomas Cole, and others, ask-
ing amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
By Mr. MERCUR : The petition of honorably dis-
charged soldiers, of Alba, Bradford county, Pennsyl-
vania. pray in® Con^ie^sto grant to soldiers who were
cmoliod previous to October 24,1863, the same pay
and bounties as were allowed to soldiers who enlisted
after that date.
By Mr. MYERS:- The petition of mechanics and
laborers m Duffy <fc Street's, and other Philadelphia
manufactories, for increased protection to American
labor.
By Mr. O'NEILL: Tho petition of-mechanics and
laborers m the shops of the Reading Railroad Com-
pany at Philadelphia, asking for an amendment to
the tariff so as to aftord greater protection to Ameri-
can manufactures.
ByMr.PBBHAJI: The petition of S. II. Marrow,
and 32 others, citizens of the State of Maine, against
therestoration of the btates recently in rebellion to
their place as governing partner: in tho Union till
adequate security has been obtained against their
renewal of the attempt to secede; against any distinc-
tion on account of color or deseent in the laws or
municipal regulations in the District of Columbia;
and asking several amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of citizens, work-
men, and mechanics, of Boon ton,New Jersey, for alaw
ol Congress making eight hours a day's work for me-
chanics and laborers of the Federal Government.
By Mr. SITGREAVE3 • Too petition of Hiram
Deats, of New Jersey, manufacturer of agricultural
implements, praying for the passage of an amenda-
tory act which will :.llow the manufacturers in making
returns to deduct the value of any and all parts of
such machinery which have already paid a tax, &c.
By Mr. SLOAN: The petition of W. o. Johnson, and
115 others, citizens ot Wisconsin, asking that a com-
mission may be appointed 15 proceed to Europe to
investigate in relation to the cattle disease prevailing
there, with a view to prevent it* spread in this country.
Also, the petition of James E. Perry, and 38 others,
soldieisof Wisconsin, asldngthatadditional bounties
may be given to soldiers enlisting early in the war, so
•that some approximation to equality may be had.
By Mr. THAYER: The memorial of the Board of
Trade of Philadelphia, praying for ah extension of
the jurisdiction of tho courts of the United States.
Also, tho petition of citizens of Richmond, Penn-
sylvania, praying for an increase of dutieson foreign
impoifations.
By Mr. UPSON"; The petition of George M. Buck,
Wilson 1). Fargo, and 208 others, citizens of Michigan
and late soldiers, praying Congress to allow proper,
just, and equitable bounties to those volunteer sol-
diers who enlisted into theservicc of the United Stat03
in 1801,1862, and the first eight months of 180.X
By Mr. WELKER: ThepetitionofD. Smith & Co.,
manufactureis of harvesters and other agricultural
implements, at Smith ville, Wayne county, Ohio, ask-
ing that the tax law be so changed thatthe materials
used in such manufacture already taxed shall not
again be taxed in the hands of such manufacturers?
By Mr. WILSON,of Iowa: The petition of Barclay
Johnson, and 70 others, citizens of the State of Iowa,
praying Congress "not to restore any State that has
rebelled and warred against the United States to its
place and power as a govcrningpaitncr in the Union
till adequate security has been obtained against its
renewing the attempt to secede; against its being rep-
resented in Congress beyond its just proportion ac-
cording to its voting population ; against any payment
of debt incurred in rebellion, or for its emancipated
slaves; against any distinction in its laws or muni-
cipal regulations on account of color or descent; and
against any person being admitted as a Senator or
Representative in the Congress of the United States
who lias at any time held office, civil or military, in
the so-calledt;onfcdcrate States.''
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. COFFROTll: Abill for therelief of the citi-
zens of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Mareh 1, 1800.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gkay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present to
the Senate a memorial of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of New Mexico, in which
they state that that Territory has been under
the control of the Government of the United
States for the past eighteen years, and set forth,
further, the amount of losses, both of life and
property, which the Territory has sustained
m consequence of Indian depredations; and
they pray Congress to appoint a board of com-
missioners to receive evidence touching these
claims and to make provision for their pay-
ment. This memorial, if there be no objection,
will be referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also pre-
sented the petition of Henry Ho fen, a private
in company E, fourth regiment United States
artillery, praying for additional bounty ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Brig-
