1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
2059
eonsin, to which he referred, and which he said
he presumed authorized judges^ sitting in term
time, if they refused the writof habeas corpus,
to be fined and imprisoned or mulcted in dam-
ages for refusing the writ, he is entirely mis-
taken. In the State of Wisconsin it is as I
stated, and as it is in a large majority of tlie
States of this Union; the officer refusing to
issue the writ in vacation, and not in term
time, is made responsible. The statute of
Wisconsin is as follows:
"That if any officer authorized by the provisions
of this chapter to giant writs of habeas corpus shall
willfully refuse to grantthowrit, when lesally applied
for, he shall forfeit for such offense to the party ag-
grieved the sum of spl/OOO."
It is the officer, not the court sitting in term
time. How is it in the State of Illinois, where
the Senator himself resides, and was himself
a judge of the supreme court? If the officer
shall "corruptly" refuse to issue the writ he
shall then be made responsible in damages.
"'The habeas corpus act in Illinois," says
Chancellor Kent, "confines the liability of the
judge to a penalty for refusing to issue a writ
of habeas corpus, when legally applied for, to a
'corrupt refusal' "—not a judicial refusal, not
even the decision of a ministerial officer in the
refusal of the writ. How is it in the other
States of the Union? In Connecticut there is
no penalty imposed whatever upon a judge for
refusing the writ; it is left to his judicial judg-
ment, and the people of Connecticut and the
laws of Connecticut have confidence enough in
their judiciary to suppose that they will decide
according to the laws of the land and the oaths
which they have taken. How is it in Virginia
and North Carolina? Their habeas corpus act
is a copy of the habeas corpus act of England,
from which we have borrowed the common law
and the writ of habeas corpus; and how is it
there? Are the judges sitting in term time
made responsible in damages or by fine or im-
prisonment? Not at all; it is the judge silting
in vacation at chambers, not as a court, if he
refuses the ministerial act, for it is nothing but
a ministerial act to issue the writ when the
statute requirements are complied with and the
petition sets forth what the statute requires.
How is it in New Jersey? Precisely the same.
In Maryland, I doubt not, it is the same—bor-
rowed from the English statute. There are
but two States in the Union that the Senator
can point out—and the one is New York and
the other Mississippi—where the Legislature
has assumed to impose a fine upon judges for
refusing to grant the writ in term time; and
I now come fo (he question which originally*
arose between the Senator from Illinois and
myself: I say the issuance of the writ is not
a question of judicial discretion, even by the
judges in term time. There is 110 judicial dis-
cretion with them but to look into the petition
and see if the petition conforms to the statute ;
and if it does, they are bound to grant the writ.
It is not a discretionary writ; it is a writ of
right, to which the party has an absolute right.
Plow is it in the State of Massachusetts? What
says Chancellor Kent about Massachusetts 011
this subject of punishing judges for granting Di-
re fusing a writ?
" The Massachusetts habeas corpus act''—
And this is Chancellor Kent, living in New
York and writing about New York and the
statute of New York, comparing the statute of
Massachusetts with the statute of New York,
and he says:
"The Massachusetts hnhca<; corpus act. ill their
revised statutes of lo35. does not contain degrading
penalties hanging over the courts and judges.'*
Chancellor Kent, speaking of this statute of
New York, wliieh goes on to enact that the
judges sitting in term time, if they refuse to
grant the writ, shall still be made liable, says
it is the first instance in the history of the Eng-
lish or American law in which any sncli thing
has ever occurred; and he speaks of it, wheu
he comes to speak of Massachusetts, as a de-
grading penal ty hanging over courts and judges.
But -how is it even in New York ? It is not an
exercise of judicial discretion : and that is just
the point I made in the beginning : it is not a
discretionary writ, but a writ of right. What says
this same authority, to which my friend referred,
speaking of the habeas corpus :
" It is a writ of right which every person is entitled
to c.f. merito justicice; but the benefit ot it was in a
great degree eluded in England prior to the statute
of Charles IT, a,s thejudges only awarded in term time,
and they assumed a discretionary power of awarding
or refusing it."
Because the judges in the time of Charles
II assumed to say that the granting or refus-
ing of a writ of habeas corpus was a question
of judicial discretion, "the statute of 31
Charles II, c, 2," was enacted, which by its
"explicit and peremptory provisions restored
the writ of habeas corpus to all the efficacy to
which it was entitled at common law," and
made it a writ of right, to which a man had
a right, whether the court was in favor of it
or not. He had only to comply with the stat-
ute in reference to the petition which he pre-
sented. and the court were to award it; and
in order to enforce this right, England pro-
vided by statute that judges in vacation who
should refuse to award the writ should be lia-
ble to be punished, but not the court sitting
in term time.
"Tho penalty for refusal to gra.nt the writ was,by
the English statute, confined to the default of tho
chancellor or judge in vacation time."
Not sitting in court, not sitting in banc, not
in term time, but in vacation time; and the
only States arc New York and Mississippi,
which provide that the members of a court sit-
ting in term time shall bo liable to a fine for
not awarding the writ; and when they sit in
term time and pass upon the question they
pass upon it as a writ of right upon which they
have no judicial discretion any further than to
look into the petition which is the basis of the
application and determine whether that peti-
tion on its face makes out a case for the writ;
they inquire into nothing outside of the peti-
tion. They can take proof of 110 fact whatever ;
they can only look into the petition, and if the
petition reads according to the statute, they
are bound to issue the writ; thev are bound
without any judicial discretion to do so. That
is the very point in tho case. What I said
in the beginning and assert now is, that it is a
novel proceeding to undertake to render a judge
responsible in damages for what lie may judi-
cially decide.
My friend from Illinois will not understand
me as being any less "desirous of defending
those faithful men who, in the midst of this
great rebellion, have been acting in the name
of the Government of the United States. I
wish to defend them; I wish to throw over
them the shield of this Government; and
where the individual has acted in good faith
under the authority of this Government, I
would defend him 111 the name of the Govern-
ment, openly and fiankly, and abide the con-
sequences. I have some serious doubts whether
it is within our power to declare, as it is de-
clared in one section of this bill, that a mere
order shall constitute a defense in those places
whore martial law was not declared or where
the operations of the Army did not so disturb
the administration of the civil law in the State
courts 3nd the Federal courts as to prevent
justice being done between parties. Where
martial law prevails, of course, the order of
the military commander is a perfect defense.
There is no law where martial law exists but
the law of the military power governing the
place, and whatever may be done may be jus-
tified under military order. But, sir, in those
places where civil law has all the while been
in full play, where the courts have been open,
their proceedings undisturbed by arms —
whether in such courts we can by act of Con-
gress go any further than to declare that such
a military order shall constitute a prima facie
defense, and change the burden of proof, is a
very serious question indeed.
Bat, sir, I will not go into the discussion of
that matter now. I only wished to discuss this
single question which 1 have raised, whether
the"course I have suggested is not wiser, bet-
tor, more in accordance with the whole history
of legislation in England, and with the history
of legislation in this country, tho only pre-
tended exceplion being the case of the State
of New York and the State of Mississippi; and
these are condemned by Chancellor Kent, the"
authority which the Senator from Illinois has
quoted, who speaks of it as a degrading pen-
alty hanging over courts and judges; who is
opposed to it; who declares that the statute of
New York is the first in the history of English,
law or American law which looks iu the direc-
tion of punishing a judge for what he does or
may not do in term time; although the act is
not a discretionary act, it is an act which he is
bound to do, if the petition complies with tho
statute, and he has 110 discretion to refuse the
writ. I ask, is it wise to follow that example
which is exceptional, contrary to the whole
history of English law and American law ? Is
it wise for us to do it when there is no neces-
sity for it? If the parties are made responsi-
ble ; if the ministerial officers, who do not act
judicially, and who always act upon their re-
sponsibility, are made liable for the damages
resulting from the case being proceeded with
iu the State court after the removal, why is not
our officer perfectly protected? I think that
the act which we are about to pass will be just
as efficient if we leave out the action of those
who act judicially, it will be much less liable
to objection in the States where it is to have
force ; and, iu luy judgment, it will be more in
conformity with the history of the legislatior
ol' this country, and of that country from whicl
we derive our laws.
Mr. HOAVARD. Mr. President, a verj
strenuous opposition is made to the fourth sec-
tion of the bill. The honorable Senator from
Delaware has moved to strike it out. Another
Senator has moved an amendment to that
amendment, to strike out the word "judges"
in the seventh line, so as to exempt tho judges
of tho State courts from the damages which
are contemplated in the section. I am opposed
to both these amendments and in favor of the
passage of the bill with the fourth section in
it, because I think that section contains a sound
principle, and that without it there may be
many cases in which great injustice may be
done to parties who are brought into the State
courts on- claims of damages by owners of
property taken for the purposes of the war.
I see 110 constitutional difficulty whatever in
the fourth section. Still I am aware that it
comes within that long category of bills which
the Senate have passed or endeavored to pass
during the late war, which by certain gentle-
men in this Chamber have been denounced as
flagrantly unconstitutional. Indeed, the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware has gone so far
as to say to us that if he were a judge sitting
for the purpose of administering justice between
man and man in his own State, and this stat-
ute, if it should become a statute, should be
presented to him, and should be insisted upon
by way of defense, he would feel bound to hold
it. unconstitutional and void, and that he would
proceod, notwithstanding this Federal statute,
to pass a final judgment in the case which might
be before him, and to enforce it.
It is notnecessary for me to say that it is the
duty of a judge, whether he occupy a high or
an inferior position, as such to decide every
question of law that may fairly be presented to
liis consideration. I am not aware that the
law exempts any class of judges of courts from
this high and solemn duty. Still, it does seem
to me that if I were a State judge, and this
question were presented to me 111 the form which
he lias suggested, certainly if a doubt hung over
the question at all, I should feel it my duty to
decide in favor of the validity of the statute,
leaving the question finally to bo determined by
the court of dernier ressort, the Supreme Court
of the United States, and such, I think, would
be felt to bo the duty of almost every well-
informed State tribunal. _ ^
But, sir, is there anything in this statute wfiicii
is in conflict with the Constitution. And does
the judicial power of the United States as dele-
gated in the Constitution itself cover the cases
