36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
speech is reported in full and another speech
is left out altogether; and we all know that the
truth half told is a falsehood always. I believe
it is m our power to correct it.- Inasmuch as
we are at great expense to have the proceed-
ings of this body published in the Globe, now
under the operation of the telegraphic system,
when we know that the great mass of the peo-
ple read only telegraphic reports, we can take
hold of the matter of the telegraphic reporting
of the proceedings of this body and have it right
and according to the truth, and if it be necessary
we can have the agents of this Associated Press
submit their report for correction to the re-
porter of the Senate, or wo can ourselves em-
ploy some person who can condense the pro-
ceedings every day in behalf of the Senate and
make a faithful, true account of everything that
is said and done, and have that furnished for
the telegraphic dispatch.
Mr. WILSON. Suppose they do not choose
to print it ?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Then we will not let
them have the privilege of reporting at all. Wo
will-shut them from the gallery, and not allow
any telegraphic dispatches to be made of the
proceedings in the Senate. Sir, wo Eire not
powerless; we have the power, if we choose, to
appoint a reporter who shall make telegraphic
reports of the proceedings of this body. How-
ever, i will not go into the discussion of that
matter. I am glad the question is brought up
and is to go to the Committee 011 the Library,
and I hope they will take Isold of it and have it
made right. As to the telegraphic report of
what proceeded here yesterday, I have not seen
it at all, and certainly I hope my honorable
friend from Maine did not mean to intimate, in
anything that ho has said, that 1 had furnished
anything of my speech to the telegraphic re-
porters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not mean it for
anybody in particular. I merely said 'that I
had heard that some gentlemen had been in the
habit of doing it. I did not find any fault with
it, because, if they feel as wo have Colt, that the
ordinary reports convey no sort of correct idea
of what is said here, they are right in wishing,
if anything is said about their remarks, that it
be correctly said.
Mr. 1)00 LITTLE. I have never done any-
thing of that kind in my life.
Air. BROWN. 1 do not rise to insist on the
importance of a report of this character, be-
cause I believe that every Senator has felt the
necessity of it very fully. 1 simply wish to
ihake one suggestion .in regard to it, and that
is, that if the Senate will authorize a report to
be made by its own reporter, there is no doubt
that the demand Cor it throughout the country
will be such as to compel the Associated Press
to adopt it. It will be known everywhere that
there is an authentic report of the proceedings
of the Senate ef the United States, and tele-
graphic companies and newspapers will be gov-
erned by the demand which will be for the au-
thentic document. I think, therefore, that it
will be perfectly possible for us to obviate this
difficulty in the manner that has been suggested
by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON. I doubt very much whether
we can correct the evil complained of. We are
at the mercy of the press of the country that
employ their own letter-writers here and em-
ploy their own reporters. This matter has
been suggested before, and some of the leading
journals of the country came out and stated
that the country took but little interest in the
debates of Congress, that they had to report the
proceedings, the business done, and that they
had of necessity to make the reports of the de-
bates very brief. Now, sir, I undertake to say
that if Senators' speeches are to be reported
very briefly, they will always be so reported as
not to be correctly understood by the country.
1 think every person who has addressed public
meetings and had mere abstractsof his speeches
made has always felt that he was not well un-
derstood by those who read the report of his
speech. I never addressed a public meeting
in my life and was so reported, that something
was not reported contrary to what I should
have liked to have it reported. But, sir, I
think, with all the difficulty, that our reports
have been singularly unfortunate ; at any rate
duringthe lasttwo or three years, and never more
so than in the ease of the report of yesterday's
proceedings, and it does seem to me to be almost
inexcusable. I am glad, however, that the
matter is called up ; if anything can be done, if
we can have abstracts of our debates properly
reported and sent over the country, it will be
some advantage, for the people of the country
rely upon telegraphic reports and not upon the
debates as published in the Globe. Very few
persons see that, or care anything about it.
In fact the telegraph, while it carries news all
over the country, carrics far less information of
the doings of Congress than existed before we h ad
any telegraphs at all. I have not a doubt that
the people of the country understand less the
daily doings of Congress than they did when they
waited for the regular reports that came along
a few days after and were published in the pub-
lic press. They do not so well understand our
proceedings as they did before ; but wo have
got to accept this state of things, and it does
not do much good to find fault. 1 am glad,
however, that this motion is made; possibly
something may come of it.
Mr. ANTIIONY. The Senator from Wis-
consin has referred to the fact that at the last
Congress this subject was entertained by the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing. 1 will state to the Senate what disposition
that committee made of it. We addressed let-
ters to the representatives of the Associated
Press and to some of the leading newspapers
to ascertain if they would take an official re-
port of the proceedings of the Senate if fur-
nished to them by our own reporters; but they
declined to do it. The ground which they
stated was that it would place the press in the
power of the Senate, that they wished to have
their own reports, i suppose one * reason
was an apprehension that the expense would'
bo much heavier than their present arrange-
ment. I suppose there is another reason.
Some of the very large and exceedingly rich
newspaper establishments in New York arc
not particularly desirous that the report of the
Associated Press shall be very long, so that it
may be necessary for the public to lind a more
extended report in the special dispatches which
they can afford to pay for, and which the weaker
papers cannot afford to pay for. But I think
it is only justice to those who report the pro-
ceedings of the Senate to state that after this
inquiry which we made the reports were very
much improved.
It is the object of the press of course, it is
the object of any newspaper that undertakes
to print the proceedings of Congress, to print
them as accurately as possible ; and the inac-
curacies of which Senators very justly com-
plain, I have no doubt, are inadvertent, and are
inseparable from the system of making an ab-
stract of a debate as it goes on. No man can
do that. As the Senator from Iowa has ob-
served, when a Senator gets up to speak the
reporter does not know whether he is to speak
five minutes or two hours ; and if lie makes an
abstract and sends off a little at a time as the
speaker goes on, he may find at the conclusion
that he has sent off the least important part of
the speech, and then there is no time for tire
more important. Then, again, a speech that
is made in the early part of the day has a
much better chance to be reported than one
that is made late ; and for the benefit of those.
Senators who are in the habit of detaining us
pretty late here I bog to suggest that their
speeches arc not near as apt to be reported,
aiid cannot be as accurately reported, as they
would be if they spoke in the early part of
the day and allowed us to adjourn about dinner
lime. [Laughter. ] The only way to make an
accurate report of the proceedings of a legis-
lative body is to commence after the body has
adjourned and then make the abstract. If the
Senate will appoint reporters to do that duty,
and will also pay the expenses of telegraphing
1 that report, the newspapers would all be very
| glad to take it; but otherwise I do not sec how
wfe can get much improvement uppn the pres-
ent system.
While I am up, I will say a word upon the
practice to which my friend from Maine al-
luded—I believe lie disavowed any intention to
stigmatize it as improper—on the part of some
Senators to give abstracts of their speeches to
the reporters. As I never make speeches, of
course I need make no disavowal of such a
practice on my part; but I think it is a good
practice. If a gentleman makes a speech here,
ho of course desires that if reported at all it
shall be reported correctly. He may be indif-
ferent to its being reported at all; but he does .
not want to be reported (as the Senator from
Maine says he has been) as having said the
reverse of what ho did say. I think it is a very
excellent plan for a Senator to write eight or
ten lines giving the substance of what he said,
or at least the side upon which he spoke or the
points lie made, and hand that to the tele-
graphic reporter, in which case I have no doubt
it would always be forwarded.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I only desire to say that I
sympathize very much with wh at has been said.
In my own State there is scarcely anything pub-
lished of the proceedings of Congress except
the telegraphic dispatches of tho Associated
Press. I would not complain particularly in
regard to those dispatches if they simply stated
the facts ; but 1 find myself reported as voting on
a side that I never voted on; I find myself re-
ported as being on committeesthat I never was
I on; I find mysclfrcported asbeingleftoffcom-
i mittces that I am on. My complaint is that
I facts are not reported correctly; not simply
j that what we say is not properly represented,
; for I never expect to say very much, and it is
of very little consequence to mo whether they
report my remarks correctly or not; but what
I do and the way I vote I do want to be re-
ported correctly about, for what a man docs I
' consider vastly more important than what ho
says, and when I vote or act I certainly want
to lie reported correctly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for tin? reading of
the resolution.
Tho Secretary read it, as follows:
Jicsolved, That the Committee on the Library on
the part of ttie Senate he io^tnictcd to inquire ancl
report to the Senate what action, if any, may be ne-
cessary to pecurQinorc accurate telegraphic reports
of the proceeding of thid body forpublieation by tho
Associated Press.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no possible objec-
tion to ihe passage of the resolution, but I do
not see exactly how what is proposed to bo
done under it can bo accomplished.
Mr. GRIMES. That is What we are going
to inquire.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand. I merely
rise for the purpose of expressing my own opin-
ion on what I understand to be the object of
the Senator from Iowa. Every man has a right
to be in tho gallery; every man has a right to
send anything to the press that he thinks
proper, responsible only for the abuse of that
right to the party whom he may injure. We
can exclude from the gallery, of course, a par-
ticular reporter, but others will take his place;
or the same man may come in, not in the ca-
pacity of a reporter, and send to the press what
he thinks right. I think, perhaps, we shall in-
volve ourselves in very serious difficulty by
adopting a course of that kind, if that should
be the course adopted, because it would brine.
I apprehend, upon the Senate the general ani-
madversion of the press; it would bo consid-
ered as an interference with the freedom of tho
press.
In common with everybody, I have noticed
the very incorrect reports that frequently get
into the papers by means of the telegraph ; but
so far as the reports of the Senate are presented
to the public by the reporters who are on tho
floor of the Senate, I suppose we will all admit
that reports never were more accurate and
more just. There lias been no partiality, ns
far as 1 am .awaro, shown in those reports to
any member of the Senate, and no exhibition
