3980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
thus entered into it was expressly declared as
follows:
"And tho Articles of this Confederation shall be
inviolably observed by every State, and ,the Union
shall be perpetual; nor shall any alteration at any
time hereafter be made in any of them, unless such
alteration be agreed to in a Congress of the United
States, and be afterward confirmed by the Legisla-
tures of every State."—Article 13.
Ten years passed; these articles were found,
after the peace, insufficient; the fruits achieved
by the Revolution were likely to be lost, when
Washington, the peerless, and Hamilton, and
Jay, publicly declared for a change, an altera-
tion, whether the same should be confirmed
by all the States or not. What was the result?
Those giant men, the framers of our match-
less Constitution, swept away, as though it
were a cobweb, the written covenant of the
Articles of Confederation, which declared that
every one of the thirteen States should be and
abide a State of the United States within the
Confederation, and that those articles should
not be changed without the consent of each
State. When asked, "Whence your author-
ity?'' the answer of Mr. Madison was, "It is
derived from the transcendent law of nature
and nature's God, the right of the people to
preserve their own nationality and their own
liberties." The right of the majority of the
whole people to prescribe the new Govern-
ment essential to their safety they embodied
in the Constitution. That provision stands in
your Constitution this day "to witness if I
lie.'' This is the provision:
"The ratification of tho conventions of nine States
shall be sufficient for tho establishment of this
Constitution between the States so ratifying tho
same."—Article 7.
By such ratification the nine States made the
Constitution their supreme law, to the utter
exclusion of the Articles of Confederation,
and notwithstanding the protest of the four
remaining States.
The Articles of Confederation went by the
board. Tho Union was organized. Our Amer-
ican nationality was established. Washington
took the oath of office in 1789, in New York.
The Congress also took the oath and proceeded
to legislate. But where were North Carolina
and Rhode Island? Out of the Union by their
own act, because they refused to assent to the
declared will of the majority. It was not for
several months after that that Rhode Island
and North Carolina were admitted into the
Union.
What, then, are wo doing now? We have
passed through a like struggle. We but follow
the example of the fathers of the Republic. It
has become apparent that the nation must per-
ish unless the people who saved it put into the
fundamental law of the Union a perpetual guar-
antee for future safety and security. Through
their representatives in Congress they have pro-
claimed these guarantees and sent them forth
to the people for ratification by the State Legis-
latures. These recusant States must ratify them
in good faith and conform their constitutions
and laws thereto before being recognized by
Congress. As in 178!) the Constitution author-
ized nine Slates to exclude fiom the Union any
or all of the remaining four States which should
refuse to ratify the Constitution, so to-day, in
186G, the Constitution authorizes that great body
of freemen who cover the continent, organized
into twenty-five loyal States, now represented
in this Congress, and represented during the
past five years, arid who during that long night
of peril were under God the saviors of the Re-
public as they are now the sovereignty of the
Republic, to declare that the ratification of
this amendment, so essential to the peace and
safety of every citizen, shall be first made by
a State lately in insurrection before such State
shall be admitted to representation and shall
have a voice and a power in the councils of
the Republic. It only remains, if the insurrec-
tionary States ratify this just amendment, for
the loyal States to ratify it.
If the loyal States vote down this amend-
ment it is at an end, and the future of the Re-
public is enveloped in clouds and darkness,
beyond which no human eye can penetrate.
If they pass it it will become the supreme law
of the land, and in that event no State ought to
be represented upon this floor that does not
assent to it.
That is the principle upon which this joint
resolution stands. Inasmuch as Tennessee has
conformed to all our requirements; inasmuch
as she has, by a majority of her whole Legis-
lature in each House, ratified the amendment
in good faith; inasmuch as she has of her
own voluntary will conformed her constitu-
tion and laws to the Constitution and laws of
the United States; inasmuch as she has by
her fundamental law forever prohibited the
assumption or payment of the rebel debt, or
the enslavement of men ; inasmuch as she has
by her own constitution declared that rebels
shall not exercise any of the political power
of the State or vote at elections; and thereby
given the American people assurance of her
determination to stand by this great meas-
ure of security for the future of the Republic,
Tennessee is as much entitled to be represented
here as any State in the Union. But, sir, what
I have said is not all; Tennessee has further
entitled herself to be represented by the adher-
ence of her people through good report and evil
report to the varying fortunes of the Republic.
There is no man upon this floor that has any
right to assume for himself a higher or greater
measure of patriotism than ought to be ac-
corded to every loyal man in Tennessee. Why
not, then, trust Tennessee on the final issue of
justice to all, as you must inevitably abide upon
that issue the judgment of the people under
our Constitution ? Let us trust the people of
all the States lately in insurrection subject to
the condition that in good faith they ratify the
constitutional amendment and conform their
laws thereto, knowing that if that amend-
ment be made part of the Constitution of the
United States the abuse by any State of its
reserved powers by a denial of the inherent
rights of any portion of the people or of the
privileges of any citizen, may be corrected at
once by the law of the whole people of the
United States.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have now said enough
to satisfy the House that if Tennessee is not
entitled to representation in the House neither
is New York or Ohio; if Tennessee is not
entitled to representation neither is Massachu-
setts or Indiana. What then remains to be
done but to declare what is recited in this res-
olution, in tho simplest terms, that, whereas
the State of Tennessee has ratified in good
faith the constitutional amendment and given
evidence to the satisfaction of Congress of the
return of her people to their allegiance to the
Constitution and Government of the United
States, therefore said State is hereby declared
entitled to representation in Congress by Sen-
ators and Representatives, duly elected and
qualified, upon their taking the oath required
by existing law? By passing this joint resolu-
tion you abrogate no principle ; no rebel is per-
mitted under this resolution to take a seat in
this House; the test oath stands intact. No
man is permitted to enter upon the duties of his
office here as a Representative from Tennes-
see who cannot, before God and his country,
with a clcar conscience, swear that he has not
voluntarily aided this unnatural rebellion ; this
unmatched crime against the life of the Re-
public.
Is it not clear that it is simply a question
whether the loyal men of Tennessee shall be
now represented by loyal men, or whether they
shall be compelled to wait until the Constitu-
tion of the United States is in other respects
so changed and modified that Tennessee may
be subjected to certain rules of administration
which are not imposed upon Massachusetts or
Ohio? For myself, while I demand justice for
all men, I demand equal rights for all the
States. I ask, in behalf of the State of Ten-
nessee, and every other State, that this rule
shall be applied : that a majority of the loyal
freemen, citizens of the United States, within
her limits, shall be permitted to control the'
destiny and political power of that State, pro-
vided they control it in justice and equity. I
know not what more gentlemen may ask. My
task is done; it is for the members of the House,
to perform their duty. In much weakness, but
in words as earnest as ever issued from human
lips, I have called upon the Representatives of
the United States of America, here in Con-
gress assembled, to restore to the people of
Tennessee those rights which are incapable of
annihilation until they are forfeited by crime,
or the power of the Republic itself is destroyed
by arms.
Mr. BOYER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] by what
warrant he said there were one hundred and
seventy-five thousand rebels in the State of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not say any such
thing.
Mr. BOYER. Then I misunderstood you.
Mr. BINGHAM. You certainly did.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the resolution and preamble, upon which Mr.
J. L. Thomas had asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I perceive that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has some
time left. Will he yield to us on this side five
minutes of it?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield.
Mr. MILLER asked and obtained leave to
have printed with the debates some remarks
he had prepared on this subject. [His remarks
will be published in the Appendix.]
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 12, not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsrs.Allison, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Baxter, Bidwoll, Bingham, Boyor, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conklmg, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano,
Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Eokloy, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Farusworth, Farauhar, Ferry, I'inck, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,
Hart, Iloga.n, Holmes, Hooper, Ifotchkiss, Asahel
W. II ubbard, Chester D.Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Ilulbtud, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Kasson, Kerr, Kctcham, Koontz, Kiiyken-
dall, Lafiin, Latham. George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Lynch, Marston, McCullough, McRuer,
Mereur, Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
Orth, Porliam, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rico, Ritter, Rogers,
Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scoiicld,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stevens, Strouse,
Tabcr, Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Ilorn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Warner, Henry D. Washburn, William B. W ashburn,
Welker, Wcntworth, Whaley, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, Wright,
and the Speaker—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Benjamin, Boutwell, Eliot,
Higby, Jenckes, Julian, ICelley, Loan, McClurg,
Paine, and Williams—12.
N OT VOT IN G—Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Besunan,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Chan-
lor, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Deni&on, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Harris, Ilayes, Henderson, Ilill.Demas
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, Le Blond,
Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, Mclndoe, McICee, Pat-
terson. Pomeroy, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith. Starr, Stil-
well, Upson, ElihuB. Washburno, and Winiield—46.
So the joint resolution and preamble were
passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. FINCK. Protesting against the pream-
ble, I vote for the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I spit on the preamble,
and vote "ay" on the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I vote "ay" for repre-
sentation.
Mr. LE BLOND. I find myself paired on
this question. I am in favor of the resolution,
but opposed to the preamble, and therefore I
cannot vote at all.
Mr. ROSS. I vote "ay," under protest.
Mr. TRIMBLE. While ,1 utterly repudiate
the preamble, I will not hazard the passage of
the resolution by voting against it; and there-
fore I will vote "ay."
