lioo
THE - CONjG-BESSION'AL G-LQBE.
March-1
adier General James H. Carlelon, and,, other
officers; and also a petition of Brevet Major
H. B. Bristol, and other officers, praying that
tke compensation of Army officers may be in-
creased ; which were referred to tbe Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia. -
Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial of
the American Free Trade League, of which
Mr. William, Q. Bryant is president, in favor
of continuing the arrangement of the present
reciprocity treaty regulating trade with tie
British Provinces ; and also asking for an en-
largement of existing treaty regulations, and
for an entirely lree interchange of all goods
between the Provinces and this country, sub-
ject to no other taxes or imposts than are
nepessary to make the goods imported in tliis
way contribute as much to our internal reve-
nue as would be levied upon them if of do-
mestic origin. I ask that it be' referred to the
Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. POME ROY presented the petition of
Mrs. Sarah Wilson, representing that her hus-
band died in consequence of sickness and
wounds received in the line of his duty as a
volunteer surgeon, and that, as ho was not
mustered into the service, she cannot draw a.
pension, and praying that a pension may bo
allowed her; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a letter from the
Commissioner of Agriculture addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture,
communicating statistical information upon the
present cultivation of the madder plant in the
United States and elsewhere; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Agriculture, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON' presented the memorial of
Samuel M. Salomon, executor and devisee of
Haym M. Salomon, deceased, praying for in-
demnity for advances of money made by liis
grandfather, Iiaym Salomon^ during the revo^
lutionary war; which was reterred 10 the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON. I present certain joint
resolutions of the legislature of New Jersey in
reference to the bounty to New Jersey soldiers
engaged in the suppression of the rebellion. 1
ask that they be read, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and bo
printed.
The Socfetary read them, as follows:
Joint resolutions rotative to bounty to New Jersey
soldiers must oral into tho servico of the United
Slates for the suppression of tho rebellion.
AV!uec;e-, a larsc number of the people of New Jer-
sey, impelled by a spirit of piitiiotiMU find devotion
to (ho tmion, did, iluriug the years IStil anil 18IU, en-
ter (lio military ami mi vul service of the United States,
to_i the suppression of tho rebellion, volunrnrily anil
without receiving any bounty; unit whereas it is but
a just recognition of tlu-ir services, I bus freely ren-
dered, that they should bo equally rowiu'ded in the
bcatowmontof bounties with those who later iu the
war bore with them its burdoiis: Therefore,
Ue it- /atrial by the Senate and tlcncrid Azftenibhf of
the htate 01 New Jersey, That Senators and Repre-
sentative, of this Slate in tho Congress of thoUnitocl
Mates lio requested to favor tho pushoro of such law
for the equalization of bounty to volunteers as may
not bo incompatible with tho general iutefcstsof the
biutcd States; and
He, it resolved, That tho Governor bo requested to
forward eopies of this preamble and resolutions to
tile. Senators and Representatives from this Stato in
Congress.
The resolutions wore referred to tho Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCK TON. I also present, a concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of tho State
of New Jersey, in regard to the Veteran He-
serve corps, which I ask may be read'.
The Secretary read, as follows :
"Whereas tho question is now ponding in Congress
whothertheVcteranKeservocorpsshali bo disbanded
or retained in the service; and whereas these wounded
soldiers of tho Republic deserve for their valor tho
ttnuiksof every good citizen as well as the protection
and cherishing care of a Government they have done
so much to preserve: Therefore,
Jt-esn/vetJ That each member of the Senate and
House of Representatives in Congress from New Jer-
sey bo requested to use all honorable exertion to tho
end that lhe_ Veteran Reserve corps: shall be piovided
lor and retained 111 the service, and that an engrossed
copy of this resolution be sent to our representatives
in Congress. " ■
I move that this resolution be printed, and
referred to tho Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and other papers of
Captain H. Clay Wood, of the eleventh United States
infantry, praying for compensation for property lost
by the evacuation Qf Fort Cobb, Texas, under Post
Order No. 87, issued for tho evacuation of that post-
bo taken from the files of tho Senate.and be referred
to the Committeo on Claims.
Mr. HARRIS. A few days ago I presented
a memorial from tlio Bishop Gutta Percha
Company, remonstrating against the passage of
the bill (S.*No. 26) in relation to the Interna-
tional Occan Telegraph Company. That bill
was then pending before the Senate, and the
memorial which I presented was laid upon the
table. The bill has since been referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and I desire that
the memorial shall take the same direction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ttis moved
that the memorial referred to be taken from
the table and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. W1LLEY, from tlie Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 24) for tho relief of Lucro-
tia M. Perry, widow of the late Nathaniel II.
Perry, United States Navy, submitted an ad-
verse report, thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 32) to dis-
band the militia forces in certain States and to
prohibit their organization, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from tho Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Commander George Henry Preble, submitted
a.report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 17ft)
for the relief of (leorge llenry Preble, a com-
mander in the Navy of the UnitedStates. Tho
bill was road, and passed to its second reading,
and tho report was ordered to be printed.
PltlNTXNCt OF A BILL.
On motion of Mif RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 102) to secure the
speedy construction of the .Northern Pacific railroad
and telegraph, be printed.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 177) to incorporate the National Safe
Deposit Company of Washington; which was
read twice by. its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District ot Columbia.
Mr. CRESWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 178) to incorporate the Metropolitan Min-
ing and Manufacturing Company; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to tho Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
BONDED WAREHOUSE IN OREGON.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution : which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Itenulred, That the Committeo on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of tho con-
struction by the United States, at the city of Poit-
land, in tho State of Oregon, of a building to be used
for a bonded warehouse, post offlee. and tho United
States circuit and district courts, and that they havo
Jcave to report by bill or otherwise,
. EULOGY OX HENRY WINTER DAVIS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the-following res-
olutisn; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on
Printing: '
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the address
of tho Speaker of the House of Representatives, and
the eulogy on the late Henry Winter Davis by Hon.
,1. A. J. Creswbll, on the 22d ultimofbc printed tor
the use of Senators, and that tho same be printed in
the Globe.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD. ' .
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate pro-"
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 20.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate, •
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 20) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the States of .Missouri
and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by the south-:
ern route.
Tho PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. The Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad have-reported
this bill with various intendments, which will
be acted on in their order.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line nineteen? in the list of cor-
porators, after the word "Pennsylvania," to
strike out the names of " Theodore F. Ran-
dolph, Amos Robins, James F. Scovil, Provi-
dence Ludlam," and to insert " Charles Knap,
J. L. N. Stratton, James B. Dayton, Robert
F. Stockton, James F. Scovil."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in section one,
line forty-four, to strike out "Joseph" before
"Thompson," and to ijisert '"P. A.," and in
line forty-five to insert "Charles E. Moss, Ed-
ward Walsh, A. E. Easton, Truman J. Homer,
J. B. Eads, D. R. Garrison, W. A. Kayser."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POME ROY. In the forty-ninth line of
the same section the name "Stotter" should
bo "Stottler," an(T"I. C. McDowell" should
be "J. C. McDowell."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore-. Those cor-
rections will be made by the Clerk. ■
The next amendment was in section one, lino
sixty-three, to strike outthe word "Southern,"
and to insert "Atlantic and" so that it will
read: "A body corporate and politic, in deed
and in law, by tho name, style, and title of tho
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line eighty-three, after the word "route" to
strike outthe words " over the region embraced '
in the surveys made under the direction of the
War Department by Lieutenant Whipple and
Edward F. Beale, Esq."
The amendment was agreed to. '
The next amendment was in section one,
line eighty-seven, after the words "thence by,"
to strike out the words "way of the San Gor-
gon jo pass to San Diego, and by the Tcjoti
passes and the Tulare and San Joaquin and
their lateral valleys to the bay of San Fran-
cisco," and to insert "tlie most practicable and
eligible route to the Pacific."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line ninety-five, after the words " town of Van
Buren," to strike out tho words "and shall
also havo the right to connect their roads, at
the point of crossing the Colorado river, by
steamer with Guaymas."
The timendmenUwas agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line one hundred and six, to strike out the word
" Southern," and to insert" Atlantic and," so
as to make tho name of the company, "Tho
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed by the committee to make this amend-
ment in all the sections of the bill, where the
title of -the company occurs, and if there be
no objection, tho word "Southern" will be
stricken out wherever it occurs, and the words
"Atlantic and" inserted.
The next amendment was in section one,
line one hundred and ten, to strike out the
words "at such time," and to ins'ert "on the
1st day of January, A. D. 1867, or at such
time within three months thereafter," so that
the clause will read:
The first meeting of said board of commissioners
shall be hold at the Turner Hall, in the city of St.
Louis, onthelstday of January, A. I). 1867,01* at such
time within three months thereafter as any ten
