3020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
bat also in the light of that which the'war has
added to our experience.
Now, sir, the exigencies of the war were
such that they demanded not only the ordi-
nary material and equipment of naval forces,
but something more; and that demand was
answered by the ingenuity of our artisans
and mechanics in the production of iron ships.
It is scarcely a stretch of absolute truth to say
that the iron ship was the legitimate produc-
"tkm of the late American war; and in all future
time that iron ship is to be the great instru-
ment in all naval warfare. The building of iron
ships to-day is but in its infancy; it has a future
before it. This class of vessels is to travel
through all the various forms and modifications
and experiences thatwooden vessels have passed
through; and we must, therefore, equip our
navy-yards in such manner that they shall have
facilities for the production and taking caro of
iron ships, corresponding to what we have here-
tofore had in our existing navy-yards for the
construction and taking care of wooden ships.
Now, sir, the question before the House has
been discussed yesterday and to-day in a most
exhaustive manner by the able gentlemen who
have spoken on the subject, and especially by
those who have informed themselves so elabo-
rately upon the question. But, nevertheless I
think I speak only the truth when C say that m
some sense it has been discussed as if it were
a local question—as if it, were in some degree
a question between League Island and New
London; or, to enlarge it a little more, as some
of the gentlemen who have preceded me have
done, a question between League island and
New England.
Sir, I should deeply regret if this House
should entertain a great national question like
this upon any basis whatever that was merely
local or that was in any manner or degree
partisan. There is nothingpnrtisnnin it what-
ever ; there is nothing local in it, whatever;
and there ought, nptto be. This question should
bo viewed and discussed as one that interests
every American citizen ; as a question not to bo
dccided fortius State, or that.State, or another
State, but for the Government and the people
of the United States, whose Representatives
we are on this iloor.
Sir, the objection that I have to the propo-
sition brought in here by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Sir. Kkm.ey] is that it limits
the selection of a site to one particular spot.
Mr. MOOUHUA1). J would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether the report of
my colleague from Pennsylvania in favor of
League. Island is not, therepoit of tho Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
.Mr. IHCH, of Massachusetts. I thank the
gentleman from Pennsylvania for asking me
that question, because it enables me to state
what otherwise might have escaped my memory.
Prom the beginning of the discussion of this
question 1 have had the honor to be a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, serving for
two years upon that committee with my dis-
tinguished and valued friend from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Moonhead. ] I have carefully studied
this question from the time it first came before
Congress until now. I did so with a desire to
inform myself so that I might he enabled to
come to a clear, distinct, and definite conclu-
sion on the subject, and the opinion 1 originally
formed remains unchanged to-day.
To make a more direct reply to the gentle-
man who has interrogated mc, I desire to say,
if I may be permitted to say what transpired
in the committee-room—and so far as attaches
to myself I believe I have that right—that
when the proposition now before the House,
reported by the gentleman from Philadelphia,
was submitted to the committee, I offered a
proposition substantially in the form which 1
shall submit to this House at the close of my
remarks; and after the proposition of tho gen-
tleman from Philadelphia was accepted by tho
committee I stated to the committee that 1
would reserve to myself the right, if I should
feel it my duty to do so, to oppose that propo-
sition iu the House. Sir, i have a right to
oppose that proposition, and I do it without
the slightest hostility to the locality which is
before the House upon the recommendation
of the majority of the committee, or toward
any person connected with or interested in it.
I simply feel it to be my plain duty, as a mem-
ber of this House, and of the committee which
has elaborately examined this subject, to state
that I prefer, when the Government of the
United States is taking a decisive step, not for
a day only, but for all future 'time, upon the
greatest question that will arise for a quarter
of a century, probably, in relation to our naval
affairs—I feel it my duty to declare, as I do
here, that I consider this a mere question of
engineering and topography, to be determined
by professional men whose duties, whose stud-
ies, and whoso experience have made them
better competent to decide such questions than
any committee of this House whatsoever.
Let me add, right here, that, impressed as I
am with tho importance and the necessity of
our having some place where we can secure
and lay up tho iron vessels of our Navy, nev-
ertheless I think that the selection of such a
place should be made by a competent commis-
sion. Yet, if the House should refuse to au-
thorize such a commission, 1 shall vote for
League Island, because I think the necessities
of tho case would overbalance the disadvan-
tages of having a decision made in favor of that
place.
Now, sir, the chief reason why I advocate
the appointment of a commission to make this
selection is because I can see no possible harm
that can come from it, while there may be vast
advantage accruing to the Government from
the action of such a commission.
If this proposition shall be adopted, a com-
mission will bo appointed composed of seven
members, who will be competent, to investigate
this whole question and give ns the result, of
their decision. And the amendment which I
shall offer in a few minutes will be to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to accept that site
which shall be designated by the commission
as the one best adapted for the purpose.
Sir, 1 think we ought not to travel around
in a circle year after year, and four years after
four years, making no adequate preparation
for this great work. Wo ought to make some
definite progress every time wo take hold of
the subject. If League Island is the best pos-
sible site for a navy-yard, then, as has been
well said by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. IIay.moxj),] it is highly likely that an in-
telligent and competent commission,will dis-
cover that fact. And the amendinenllwliicli I
propose to offer to tho substitute moved by
the gentleman from New London [Mr. Bkax-
)>i:gki:] is that the Secretary of tho Navy shall
be authorized to accept the site recommended
and proceed with the necessary work upon it.
And if tho commission shallreeommend League
Island he can accept that site, or accept any
other site, should they recommend any other.
But I was speaking in reference to the con-
struction of iron-clads in the future. A very
large portion of our employment during the
war has been in the construction of iron ves-
sels. Tho war is now over, but the question
before us is still imminent, for this reason: it is
not a question as to what wo shall do ten or
twenty years hence at tho end of some war then
raging. Tho war is over, -and we have the iron-
clads on our hands to-day, and tho question is,
what shall we do with them? They must be
put somewhere : it is not a question whether
yon will or will not put them anywhere; they
must be put somewhere.
The Government has been forced to send
them up the Delaware river and place them in
the channel back of League Island, bccause
Congress heretofore has failed to indicate its
purpose to provide a definite and fixed place
for tho storage of these vessels. Whether
League Island and its back channel shall be
selected or not is a question that should be
settled now. Some gentlemen may say, why
not leave them where they are for the present ?
Sir, whether they continue there in the future
or not, they ought not to continue in the con-
dition in which they are now placed. There
is no gentleman upon the Naval Committee or
anywhere else, who has any acquaintance with
this subject, who does not know that these
vessels are in a very improper condition now,
whether in the right location or not.
Sir, we must provide a proper place in which
to store them. If we select that place, then
we should do it now, and make the proper
preparations by the clearing out of that channel
and by the construction of the proper wharves
and docks, and whatever else maybe necessary
to protect the property of the United States,
which has cost us so many millions of dollars.
And if we do not solect that site but some other,
the urgency is still as great that wo shall corns
to a decision upon this point, and indicate to
the Secretary of the Navy what is the opinion
of Congress upon this subject, and authorize
him to accept some place in which to place
these vessels, so that they may bo in a position
which will be a credit and not a disgrace to the
Government, as at present.
Now, sir, there arc two points to be observed
in the selection of a site for a naval station.
One of them is that which I have just indi-
cated, to secure a place for the storage of iron-
clad vessels. And let me say that among that
which has entered into the consideration of
this subject has been all the discussion and all
the theory and all the testimony from various
quarters as to whether fresh water is the best
or salt water is the best or brackish water is
the best in which to store an iron vessel. And
then there arc others who say that neither fresh
water nor salt water nor brackish water is tho
proper place for an iron navy to be laid up, but
that you should draw them out of the water
altogether, and place them upon ways and
cover them over so that they shall be protected
from the action of the weather as well as from
the action of the water.
Well, sir, I do not intend to enter into that
discussion ; I do not intend to review all those
details ; I simply call the attention of members
of the House to*them as having been suggested
in the course of this discussion, to show that
there is no concentrated opinion upon this
subject upon which we can at present securely
rely.
Therefore, sir, tho public interest demands
that this subject shall be given into the hands
of a competent commission, who shall take
into consideration this whole subject-matter
and report to Congress what in their judgment
tho public interest and the future welfare of
the country demands.
The other branch of this particular point is
that the place that may be selected for the
storage of iron-clad vessels will also as a mat-
ter of course, to a greater or less extent, and
probably to a great extent, become the head-
quarters for the fabrication of iron ships and
the collateral material of war. Now, Mr.
Speaker, it will continue to be necessary for
us to build vessels. Notwithstanding the fact
that we are no longer in a timo of war, we do
not propose to close up our navy-yards and
cease building ships, neither can wo dispense
with the building of iron ships because peace
has come to us with its blessed auspices. For,
sir, among the results of the war, to which I
alluded, and which wo have inherited, is a
greater proximity to the questions that disturb
the Powers on the other side of the globe and
the intermeddling interests of those Powers
with the interests of countries on this side of
the Atlantic. We must be able to maintain
the position which we have assumed, not only
in relation to what we will do within our own
borders, but also what we will do as to assert-
ing and carrying out at any and every hazard
the declarations that wo have made in relation
to what shall be done and what shall not be
done with regard to the other Powers dwelling
on this hemisphere. And, sir, not only must
wo bo engaged in the building of ships in prep-
aration for new complications that may come,
but we must have the building of our iron
ships go on in the same way that wo have con-
