1865.
, THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of any prejudice against any member of the
Senate. Everything has been put down ex
actly as it occurred. So far as I am concerned,
perhaps if I had been consulted, I should rather
have had omitted some things that did occur.
But I merely suggest, as matter to be con-
sidered lay the committee, the difficulties which
seem to me to exist in adopting any rule which
will effectually cure the mischief which the
country is now sustaining, and the injury which
perhaps the Senate to e. certain extent is suffer-
ing. I do not think, however, the mischief is
very great. I do not think any member of the
Senate suffers very materially by these tele-
graphic reports. His course is known to his
own people finally. What his conduct has
been, they in some way or other become famil-
iar with, and they are sure to approve it if they
think it is right.- They will not listen long to
any misrepresentation that may be made by any
of the reporters in the gallery, or anybody else.
Mr. GRIMES. The idea never entered into
my head to expel anybody from the gallery. I
believe the Senator from Wisconsin suggested
that under certain circumstances that might be
done.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what I heard.
Mr. GRIMES. But I never contemplated
any such proposition, and did not entertain any
such idea when I submitted the resolution. I
have no doubt that it is possible to make short
telegraphic reports as accurate as the Senator
has very truly said are the reports that are pre-
pared by Mr. Sutton, and under his direction,
and I do not know but that it is just as impor-
,tant to the country, to our constituents, and to
ourselves, that the reports that go out from
here and are published all through the country
weeks and mouths in advance of the more ac-
curate and more voluminous reports that are
to follow should not be also as accurate as they
are. It is for the Committee on the Library to
ascertain whether or not it will not be possible
to make more accurate brief reports. 1 believe
the Senator from Missouri is right in the opin-
ion which he expressed here that if we cause
accurate reports to be made after the transac-
tions of the day have ceased, by the stenograph-
ers who have an opportunity to see and hear
exactly what has been done during the day, so
that the editors of newspapers throughout the
country will know that it is possible to get ac-
curate reports, then they will be very apt to
pay for those reports, and to print them rather
than to print erroneous ones, such as they have,
hitherto been in the habit of printing. It is for
(he purpose of investigating that subject, not
to foreclose anybody's judgment upon it, that
I introduced the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think .the honorable
Senator from Maryland is mistaken in suppos-
ing that these things do no harm. They do
very serious injury for a while, though after a
time they can be undoubtedly corrected. I
can give him an instance in my own case. I
very seldom read them, but my attention has
been some! imes called to them, and then I have
done so. A certain gentleman who resides in
Massachusetts, and is a very distinguished lec-
turer on all subjects connected with govern-
ment, went to ray town to deliver a lecture.
Ho Came out in the presence of my own towns-
men, friends, and relations, and made a most
bitter attack upon me for, as he said, opposing
the proper payment of colored soldiers. He
indulged in a regular tirade upon my conduct
on that occasion. As it happened, the Globe
had been received by one or two friends there,
and after he got through a friend of mine went
to him and said, 11 Mi-. So-and-So, have you
read Mr. Fessi^xden's speech on that subject ?"
" Oh, no, sir, I have not read it." "Where do
you get your information?'' Said he, "I get
it from the Associated Press." "Well," was
the reply, "here is the speech; if you will read
it you will find that the statement of the Asso-
ciated Press is altogether untrue; there is no
correctness about it at all." Well, he said, he
relied upon that, he made his speech upon
that. It created so much excitement in my
city among a eortain class of people that I was
obliged to request the editor of a paper there
to publish my remarks in full as reported in
the Globe, which he did; and that put an end
to it, though I believe the gentleman who de-
livered the lecture is not satisfied to this day-
thai he is not right and is not usually, I be-
lieve, when he has made a very severe attack
on an individual.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can state an instance
of the same kind. When the question of abol-
ishing slavery in the District of Columbia was
pending here, some person assuming to give an
account of the proceedings of the Senate tele-
graphed to one of the newspapers that circulates
throughout the northwestern section of the
country that I opposed emancipation in the
District of Columbia, and, though subsequently
some of the newspapers published my remarks
on the occasion and my votes on it, there arc
hundreds of people who believe to this day that
such is the fact, so that these first reports which
are published as the telegraphic'reports of the
proceedings of the Senate have really more in-
lluence in forming the public mind, than the
regular reports that are published in the Globe,
and therefore there is a necessity, or at all
events a very great propriety, that those re-
ports should be correct in the first instance.
In reference to what was said about expelling
persons from the Senate gallery, I certainly
would not be understood as saying that I had any
intention to expel any one; but when the ques-
tion was put to me what power have we, I an-
swered that if any man using this Chamber mis-
represents the proceedings here and publishes
a false account of them, we have it certainly in
our power to deny him the privilege of being in
the Senate Chamber or sittisg in the gallery;
that was all I said.
Mr. ANTHONY. I agree with what has
been said by all the Senators who have spoken,
that it is very desirable that we should have
more accurate reports than we ever have had or
ever can have under the present system. There
is just one way to do it, and that is to pay for it.
If the Senate desires to have prepared at the
close of each day's session an abstract of the
day's proceedings, and then to'pay the expense
of telegraphing it, the country will sec the pro-
ceedings as they take place ; but I do not believe
anything short of that will accomplish the ob-
ject. Rather than expel the reporters from the
gallery, I would invite them to take seats in
front of the Clerk's desk, for it is almost im-
possible for them in the gallery to hear with
perfect accuracy what is said on the floor. I
have wondered that the Associated Press has not
applied for permission to seat a reporter on the
floor of the Senate. I think it is almost as im-
portant that the reporter of the Associated Press
should have a seat there as that the reporters
of the Globe should have.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that if this subject is
referred to a committee, that committee will
inquire into the propriety of a law requiring all
those who set themselves up to enlighten the
community and report facts to sign their names
at the end of that which they write, and that
they be responsible for what they say and report.
Mr. SUMNER. That is Louis Napoleon's
plan.
Mr. COWAN. That is the mode in France.
He who undertakes to write for a newspaper
there must put his name down, so that the peo-
ple may know who he is and what his means of
information are, what his character may be for
truth and voracity, what may be his motives for
misrepresentation. That would to some extent
furnish a remedy for that of which gentlemen
complain, of which I never have complained.
There is now, however, an arrangement which
I think will obviate some of this difficulty. I
understand that the publishers of the Globe
arc willing to furnish to members copies of the
Daily Globe in lieu of those bound copies of
the Congressional Globe which they usually
furnish long after the session has closed, and
which are hardly ever read by anybody. If
copies of the Daily Globe are now circulated
to the country press they will be enabled to cor-
rect any misrepresentations or any errors that
occur through the medium of the Associated!
Press dispatches.
Mr. ANTHONY. That will not remedy it,'
because the Daily Globe cannot be sent by tele-
graph, and it is the first impression upon the
mind which lasts.
Mr. COWAN. The Daily Globe will enable
editors to correct their means of information,
to correct errors in it.
_Mr. ANTHONY. But they are too Ibusy
with the errors of to-day to correct those of yes-
terday.
Mr. COWAN. Then I suppose the mistake
is incurable.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As the Associated Press
seems to have no defender on this floor, I am
inclined on this occasion to followthe example
which I sometimes set in courts of justice, and
volunteer to act in its behalf. I am under no
obligations to theAssociated Press or any other
papers in the United States that I know of; but
the conclusion at which I have arrived,after list-
ening to all this debate is that if the Associ-
ated Press have not reported the gentlemen on
the other side correctly, they have done them
a great favor. Their charge against the Asso-
ciated Press is that they have reported them
cxactly contrary to what they did say. If that
be true, I think they are under great obligations
to the Associated Press. [Laughter.] Take
• the example, for.instance, of my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] lie says that
when the subject of abolishing slavery in the
District of Columbia was before this body the
Associated Press reported him as being opposed
to that measure. If the country only believed
that, I think it was doing the Senator a great
favor. If the people can only believe that five
or ten years hence, I apprehend that honorable
Senator will stand much higher in pilMie estima-
tion as a legislator than he does now, however
high he worthily stands now. I think, there-
fore, that if the reports be in fact incorrect, if
the exact words spoken on this floor have not
been given, the intention of the reporters has
been good, and unwittingly they have done gen-
tlemen very great service.
The resolution was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 24) to amend an act entitled
"An act providing for the selection ®f jurors
to serve in the several courts of the District of
Columbia," have instijictcd me to report it
back and recommend its passage. I aSk for its
present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
bill? It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 23) to prevent the spread of foreign dis-
eases among the cattle of the United States,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment. As the bill is of a nature which
ought to be passed promptly, if at all, I ask fox-
its immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. Its first section prohibits the impor-
tation of cattle, and makes it the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to make such regula-
tions as will give the law full and immediate
effect, and to send copies of them to tho proper
officers in this country, and to all officers or
agents of the United States in foreign countries.
The second section provides that when the
President shall give thirty days' notice, by proc-
lamation, that no further danger is to be appre-
hended from the spread of foreign infectious
or contagious diseases among cattle, the act
shall be of no force, and cattle may be imported
in the same way as before its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest whether there
ought not to be some time allowed before this
prohibition goes into effect. There are parties
who have given orders for cattle.and for other
