1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3021
tinued to build wooden ships heretofore, so that
-we may be prepared at any and all times to
meet any foe that may appear, whether at home
or abroad.
I should have been very much gratified, Mr.
Speaker, had the House determined to enlarge
the existing navy-yards when that subject was
before the House. I am glad, sir, that it did
decide to enlarge the navy-yard at Portsmouth
and the navy-yavd at New York; while I regret
very much indeed that it did not decide to en-
large the navy-yard at Boston, contiguous to
my own district. But, sir, I have no interest
in that yard, nor in any other yard that can
influence me one particle in the action which
I will take upon this question. I want to see
an adequate navy-yard established somewhere.
It is a public necessity that we shall establish
such a yard somewhere; and the whole point
of what I have said, if I have succeeded in
making myself understood, is that this House
should take definite action upon this subject;
that it should take such action as shall secure
to the Government an examination of all the
sites upon the Atlantic coast that may be .sup-
posed to be eligible lbv such a work as this;
that the commission which may make this ex-
amination shall present to the officers of the
Government the result of its deliberations and
investigations; that, furthermore, (and this is
the point of my amendment.) the Secretary
of the Navy or the President shall have the
right to acccpt as a gift to the United States
whatever site shall be selected by that commis-
sion. Thus they will lie able to go forward
with this great work, and the subject will not
turn up at every session of Congress to be dis-
cussed anew, while the interests of the country
are suffering because nothing whatever is done.
Having said this much, Air. Speaker, and
remarking, in conclusion, that I am acting in
perfect good faith toward the committee whom
1 represent, and that I am discharging a public
duty to myself and to the House by advocating
that which I believe is entirely safe to all, and
that which, in the nature of tilings, cannot bo
injurious to any, I submit the following amend-
ment to the proposition of the gentleman from
Connecticut:
Strike out of the amendment the following:
And to report to Congress tho comparative advan-
tages and disadvantages of cach, and by the selection
of which the public interests will best be promoted.
And insert in lieu thereof the following •
And tho Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized to reccive and accept, on behalf of the Govern-
ment of the United Ktatei for naval purposes, the
title to the site whidishalt be recommended by aiua-
jorily of said board as best adopted for said purposes:
rrovided. That a perfect and indefeasible titto shall
be guarantied to the United States of such an amount
of land, and the exclusive use and control of such
riparian rights and privileges, and such channels and
waters adjacent asm the judgment of said board may
be necessary and sufficient tor the uses of the Gov-
ernment for the purposes contemplated.
Mr. IvELLEY. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. PIKE. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania not to call the previous question.
I desiro to say a few words.
Mr. KELLEY. After the previous question
shall have been sustained. I will yield a portion
of the hour to which I will be entitled to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] having reported
the bill is entitled, under the rule, to one hour
in which to close the debate.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Piia:] who is a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to say
but a very few words on this subject. It has
been perhaps fully enough discussed; but there
is one point I wish to make. The gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Rn.\XT>Efir,nJ wants a
commission to examine the different sites for
navy-yards. The point I wish to make is this:
that we already possess all the knowledge,
statistical, geographical, or topographical,
which can be obtained by any commission to
be sent oat, and to-day this House is as well
prepared to act on a proposition for a navy-
yard as any House of Representatives will be
in the whole tide of coming time.
Thesesites have all been examined. League
Island has been examined by a commission.
New London has been examined thoroughly.
Full reports setting forth in detail every imagi-
nable advantage and disadvantage are before
the House. I have no doubt members have
possessed themselves fully of all the knowl-
edge concerning these important points which
has been so amply spread before them. Doubt-
less members know the number of feet and
inches of water a vessel can carry into New
London or into Philadelphia. They know all
about the Delaware river, the ebb and How of
the tide, the shoals, the shifting bars, the kind
of river bottom, the number of days it is
obstructed by the ice, in line, all the difficulties
and advantages of that important position, and
equally well-known is the fine harbor of New
London and its accessibility. I have 110 doubt
they know the whole thing. Certainly if they
do not it is their own fault. They possess as
large means of knowledge as any subsequent
Congress will over have. Why then, I ask.
when wc possess this various information, will
the House send out a new commission over
the country to examine all the sea-ports, going
around begging people to offer a site for a
naval station to this Government, and deluding
them, I may add, with the expectation that
the best one is to be adopted.
I believe my own State, among others, has
been presented in this discussion. It is said
that in Maine the Government can find a good
site for a navy-yard. Certainly it can. There
is no better harbor on this continent, than
Portland, except, perhaps, some 0110 near it.
Along a coast line of over twenty-five hundred
miles we have harbors with abundant depth
of water, land-locked, secure, and surrounded
with laud well adapted to a nuvy-yaid. l!ut
suppose the commission goes to Portland, sup-
pose these seven gentlemen, part of vhom are
engineers, come back to Congress and say that
Portland is a capital placc for a naval station,
suppose they pass extravagant encomiums upon
it. as tliey undoubtedly will, are we to be de-
luded with the idea wo are to have another
navy-yard in Maine? Sir, I hope we are not
so green as that.
"Why, Mr. Speaker, in the great, bay of Maine,
with Cape Cod for its southern headland, we
have now two navy-yards, one within my own
State. It is perfect nonsense for a man to talk
about, another navy-yard in Maine, nor do the
people of Portland expect it. There is an
adiairalflo chance there to lay up iron-dads.
For n small sum of money Government can
have the rare advantage of a dry-dock larger
than the largest of great docks at Cherbourg.
Forty acres of dry-dock can be obtained for
S100.000. it is said. Here the iron-clads could
bo laid up perfectly free of water, and 1 >1' coin se
could bo kept freer of rust than in any other
way. And whether League Island be accepted
or rejected, this experiment should be tried. It
is certainly for the interest of the Government
to do so. But that is entirely aside from the
matter under discussion.
The truth is, all these navy-yards were lo-
cated intelligently. Along the shore of Now
England, north of Cape Cod, we have a dis-
trict which produces more sailors and ship-
wrights than any equally large section of this
country. "We have two navy-yards capable of
doing most excellent work. According to the
statistics of the Navy Department, work is
done cheaper at the Maine navy-yard than at,
any other in the country.
Now, that was the first great section for the
establishment of navy-yards in this country.
What was the second? Long Island and the
bay of New York. That was the second sec-
tion of the country which called for such an
establishment; and there is the great navy-
vard of the country, and there it always will be.
The commercial metropolis of the country is
there. It is tile center of our commerce. It
has the immense tonnage which is the proper
foundation for a great navy. It is idle to talk
abont its having any rival in this country.
Some gentlemen talk about a navy-yard on the
Hudson; we might as well demand another in
Maine. They cannot have it, and we cannot
have it.
W here is the next point? Delaware bay and
Delaware river. There is a navy-yard there,
and there it is demanded by the interests of
the Government in that locality.
The next point is Chesapeake bay. The
Norfolk yard represents that section, and it is
of no use to talk about the Patapsco river or
other place.
These four sections of the country need just
the supply of navy-yards they now have.
This is not in obcdience to the " shrieks of
locality'' or for the purpose of distributing the
patronage of the Government. That has noth-
ing to do with it. The great law of supply and
demand settles this question as it docs many
others.
Luring the war these yards employed twenty
thousand men, gathering them from the ship-
yards in their respective vicinities. The great
yard at, Brooklyn had eight thousand. But the
necessities of the Government are intermittent.
They can give 110 steady employment, in time
of peace they employ but four or five thousand,
all told. Of course, then, you must locate these
yards where the workmen in the neighborhood
can go and come, floating out and in as the
Government desires. 'The New England yards
accommodate the mechanics north of Cape
Cod. New York takes the stretch to the capes
of the Delaware. Philadelphia supplies its
own yard, and Norfolk must take the Chesa-
peake bay, including the large city of Balti-
more. 1 make 110 account of the Washington
yard, because that is devoted to purposes pe-
culiar to it, and has nothing in common with
the others. Such being the case, I lay out of
view all the intermediate places New Lon-
don, the Hudson river, and the Patapsco river
must go with the rest. When we have come
to have a hundred million people and ten
million tons of shipping w<; may begin to
duplicate our navy-yards, and commencing
wiih Portland we will work duwn along the
coast, giving each section the proper supply.
But now the question before us, the only
question, is. whether or not this little navy-
yard at Philadelphia with only twenty acres
of ground shall be transferred from its present
locality a distance of three miles down the
river to League Island. That, I say, is the
only question. Indeed, if the gentlemen from
Pennsylvania think that this House in deter-
mining this change of location is governed by
the idea that by establishing at League Island
their Philadelphia yard it pledges itscl f for years
to come to devote a considerable share of the
surplus revenues of the Government to bnild
up that as a rival to Portsmouth or Cherbourg
and the other European navy-yards, they are
greatly mistaken. This Congress has no such
idea, and the next Congress will keep control
of this matter as we have during this Con-
gress. They see no present need of this great
navy-yard for iron-clads. If any man can cast
the horoscope of the future, he will see that
for the next quarter of a century this Gov;
ornment will keep that yard pretty much as it
has done for years past—simply for the pur-
poses of repair and for minor uses. It will be
a convenience for the city of Philadelphia to
transfer it. But for the next quarter of a cen-
tury the strong probabilities are that we shall
need but little'developmont of our Navy. Our
resources lor present uses are ample. Vv'e have
| forty or fifty iron vessels capable of protecting
I us against all foreign assaults; and if anything
I can be more ludicrous than any other one thing
i in the future, it is the idea that England or
I Prance or Russia, singly or combined, will ever
i make a naval attack upon us.
I Why, sir, wc have demonstrated during the
] late war that, we can hold together, and that
i was the only question of the slightest doubt
| with regard to our political future. Hav-
\ ing demonstrated that, we at the same time
