1104
THE eoNGEESSi@sm/: (mom.
March 1,
cent, foreign. When actual voters are made
the basis and not-white males over twenty,by
which we now only approximate the result,
Vermont will not cry out against the unjust
representation of California.
Suppose California should be largely repre-
sented for a few years "until population should
regulate itself; suppose she should have one
. or two Representatives more than Vermont,
with one hundred and seventy-five thousand
voters to eighty-seven-thousand in Vermont;-
with a territory greater than all New Eng-
land and" the middle States combined ; with
$60,000,000 a year exports, while Vermont has
only $860,000; with $216,000,000 worth of
property,whileVermont Ms only $179,000,000;
with $1,200,000 worth of manufactures and
productions, while those of Vermont are valued
atyonly SIo7,000 ; and finally, paying into the
national Treasury on account of internal rev-
enue nearly four million dollars, whileVermont
pays less than eight hundred thousand, and
with the third port of entry in the United States.
If, sir, I repeat, she should have one or two
more Representatives than Vermont, would a
great wrong be committed? 1 take Vermont
and California, for between these the compar-
ison is usually instituted, 'fake the proposi-
tion of the committee, and California has two
Representatives and Vermont three, for Cali-
fornia will never allow her Chinese population
to vote, and they must be excluded from
basis oi representation. .You say they are not
citizens. Why have they not, become so? Be-
cause ( hey know very well that they will not bo
allowed to vote in any event; and consequently
California is not much troubled with their ap-
plications'for gjtizonship. But let it be known
that California cannot afford to exclude them
from the right of suffrage, and the question will
be at once forced upon her to decide whether
she will allow Chinese to vote 'or lose her just
representation in the Halls of Congress, 'f he
■same question will be presented to Nevada and
thu other Pacific States in the next five years,
and the Chinaman will become the negro of the
Pacific. Hut it may be said by some, let him
vote. I can only say to them, you do not know
. the Chinaman. They will reply that this is
the argument of the South, that Senators from
the North do not know the negro. But is
there no force in the argument even as to the
negro, who is an American, generally a believer
in .the Christian religion? And with how much
more force can this argument be used with
regard to the pagan-Asiatic, speaking an un-
known tongue, and being a stranger, and over
remaining an.alien ami a stranger, to our lan-
guage and our institutions.
The following is the proposition of the com-
mittee :
ARTICLE--. Representatives shall bo apportioned
anions tin- several flutes which mn,y 11<■ included
within tliii tluiuu according to their re^piM-th « num-
bers, counting the whoto number of persons in each
Statu, e.tdtulinsr JndUuisnot, taxed: I'rmnila!, That
wticr.'^-er tiio oioefivo franehise shall Ik: denied or
abrulml m any St ate on account of raco or color, all
)/er<ons tliciTin otsucliracc or color shall be excluded
from the bafeia of 1 eiu"e«cutal.ion.
What are the arguments in favor of this
strange proposition? The only one that T
have yet heard is, that it will force the South
to universal suffrage or deprive her of an ac-
knowledged right: for the proposition assorts
that population is the just basi-i of representa-
tion. but that the late slave States shall be
excluded from that basis until they will ex-fend
suffrase to the blacks." But it may be said
that this provision applies equally to the blacks
of the North with those of the South. This is
a mere subterfuge, for every one knows, so
far as the practical question is concerned, that
there are no negroes in the North, or not a
sufficient number, to make any material dif-
ference whether they are included or excluded.
The non-voting population of the North con-
sists of aliens, women, and minors. 'The non-
voting population of the South consists of ne-
groes. women, and minors. The North will
exclude on account of alienage, sex, and age,
and avoid the operation of the proviso; while
the South and the Pacific coast must either
confer universal suffrage on negroes and Chi-
namen, or lose their just representation. This
will ever be a source of discontent, and it will
•be hard to explain to fair-minded men why an
alien, and even an alien enemy, should be rep-
resented in the North and a free negro unrep-
resented in the South. But ifc is said that the
South can avoid this inequality and injustice by
enfranchising all the negroes—for mark, they
must all be enfranchised or none are counted
—a measure which the chairman of the com-
mittee who reported this resolution tells us is
not desirable or proper.
But how will this proposition be received by
the people of the nineteen original frae States
which deny suffrage to the few comparatively
intelligent' negroes within their jurisdiction ?
When you tell them that you propose to punish
the South for not extending universal suffrage
to her emancipated slaves, can they with any
propriety inflict this punishment by a constitu-'
tional amendment when they are guilty of the
same offense with far less provocation ? What
xwill fifteen original slave States, who are to bo
punished by this proposition, say when you
tell them that yon deprive them of their just
representation because they refuse to do what
every fair man must admit they cannot and
ought not to do, to enfranchise the late slaves
without the slightest preparation for the exer-
cise of that important privilege?.
If I were compelled to choose between the
proposition of the committee and the resolution
offered by the Senator from Missouri to confer
universal suffrage at once, I should accept the
latter, because it is bold and affirmative, and
has every reason in its favor that can bo offered
in support of the resolution of the committee
without the conclusive argument of indirec-
tion to disgrace it in the eyes of bold, honest
• men. Show me where or when the American
people ever indorsed an indirect or equivocal
proposition. The politician may waver and
shrink from responsibility, but the people txxp
honest and fearless, and whenever they arc pre-
pared to amend the Constitution, they will amend
it in plain and direct terms for plain and direct
reasons, and if it be true that no amenduientto
avoid this evil which is supposed to exist can be
adopted in plain terms with the consent of the
American people, it is some evidence that no
great necessity exists, and is quite conclusive
evidence that no amendment can bo carried, for
Congress cannot cheat the American people.
1 do believe that if_wo had not. become wise
above our day and generation, but had adopted
the plain and simple proposition of voters as a
basis of representation, that we could have been
successful. But the proposition under consid-
eration is heartily'approved by none, and must
fail sooner or later. It, is illogical on its face,
and contains within itself its own best refuta-
tion and condemnation.
"Better endure the ills we have," than to
fall into this labyrinth of confusion worse con-
founded.
Suppose you pass this resolution, anditshould
become a part of the Constitution, whatmaybe
the consequences? You have departed from the
original compromises of tfec Constitution : you
have deprived the South of just representation
for not doing a thing which you confess she
ought not, to do ; you have established the pre-
cedent that whole sections maybe punished by
constitutional amendments; you have tom-
meneod a crusade npon the compromises of the
Constitution, abandoning principle, and con-
fessing that your justification rests upon expe-
diency alone. Where shall this crusade end?
May not the time come when the giant States
of the Mississippi valley, now free from the Gulf
to the Lakes, soon to teem with a hundred mil-
lion inhabitants, shall inquire by what warrant
of authority Nov/ England holds twelve places
in this Senate Chamber? Will New England
then reply, bv equality of right, or. by the com-
promises of the Constitution ? If by theformer,
may not these mighty States demand a count,
and if by the latter, may not this proposition
be brought up in judgment against her as hav-
ing repudiated those compromises? May not
Kentucky some day sqy to Rhode Island, was
it just for you, in the day of your power, to de--
pi'ive me of representation, for revenge? May
hot Virginia one day complain of Connecticut,-
and may she not, by the cooperation of New
York-, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and other great
States, have the power to make that complaint
effectual? Beware how, you kick a sleeping
lion. The South is now free ; the shackles of
bondage have fallen from the limbs of the slave,
and idleness must depart from the homes of the
whites. '
Why should not the richest half of the na-
tional domain some day become the most pop-
ulous and powerful? I know to-day the South
looks broken and destroyed, prostrate, misera-
ble, weak, and poor, but this war has done far
more, for the South than it has for the North,
It has broken up an institution that was de-
stroying the white man and impoverishing'the
country, and has opened the fertile fields of that
vast region for free labor; and if this resolution
passes, the sons of New England and the young
men now residing in the North will be heard
joining their voices with the natives of the South
proclaiming against the injustice which we have
done to their adopted country. We can punish
men, wo can besiege and overrun a country,
but, an attempt to punish rich land, which is to bq.
inhabited by New England Yankees like our-
selves, is, to say the least, a doubtful exercise
of power.
But this proposition comes from the commit-
tee on reconstruction, and for that reason, and
that reason alone, we arc to p'resume that it has
something to do with that subject. How or in
what way it will harmonize existing difficulties
or give any additional security to the North, I
am unable to comprehend. Its manifest injus-
tice will inspire nothing but heart-burnings and
discontent, and cxcite new enmities not only
against, the Government but against the negro,
who will be regarded as the cause of a great
calamity and a grievance to be removed from
the land, and some mode will be devised where-
by to evade the law by placing the distinction
on some" other ground besides raco or color.
Is the question of representation so impor-
tant after all as has been supposed? It is said
that the two fifths of the slaves who were not
counted will give the original fifteen slave
States eighteen move Representatives. But
this calculation is based upon the hypothesis
that the loss and mortality in the North have
been equal in proportion to that in the South,
and that there has been no greater proportional
increase in the North than in the South during
the past five years. The fact is, there can be
no new apportionment of Representatives until
tire new cctisus is taken ; and does any one
doubt that the loss of the South in actual
deaths and emigration, added to the failure of
increase, will more than equal the two fifths
of the slaves that, will bo added to the basis
of representation by their emancipation? Be-
side all this, the progress of the North has not
been materially retarded by the war. By the
census of 1800 the fifteen slave States, reject-
ing the two fifths of the slave population, had
eighty-five Representatives in Congress, and
the nineteen free States one hundred and fifty-
six. It, is safe to say that a census to-day,
based upon the Constitution as it now is, would
not increase the representation of the original
slave States, but it is quite certain that it would
decrease it.
But there is another fact which is very impor-
tantin this connection. We have gained over
to freedom some of those original slave States.
Missouri to-day, with nine Representatives,
is quite as radical as Massachusetts; and Mary-
land is only one step behind Missouri, so that
we may take fourteen from the eighty-five and
add it to the one hundred and fifty-six ; and we
hope to be able before long to add to this list
Union men from Tennessee, and other south-
ern States; and we intend to exclude from both
Halls of Congress all but loyal men. ' Can wo
not in this way, with our present majority,
keep the rebels from faking charge of this'
Grovernment, at least for the present sessioa
