m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Matter of humanity, to protect these people,
we ought promptly to pass this bill, ana annul
"these laws now. Let us pass it at oneo as
an act of humanity and justice, and then we
can calmly proceed in our legislation to reor-
ganize, reconstruct, and bring into the_ Union
these States; but while these cruelties and
wrongs are being perpetrated, I feel that Con-
gress and all branches of the Government are
incurring the indignation of men and the judg-
ments of Almighty God.
In Mississippi rebel State forces, men who
were in the rebel armies, are traversing the
State, visiting the freedmen, disarming them,
perpetrating murders and outrages upon them;
and the same things are done in other sections
of the country. The power to abrogate such
laws is ours; we have the right to do it; and
as a matter of humanity; and we ought not to
adjourn over Christmas until we have declared
such laws to be null and void. I am told by
eminent gentlemen connected with the Freed-
men' s Bureau that where they have the power
they arrest the execution of those laws, but as
the laws exist they are enforced in the greater
portions of those States. If we now declare
those laws to be null and void, I have no idea
that any attempt whatever will be made to en-
force them,_ and the freedmen will be relieved
from this intolerable oppression. Sir, these
outrage's arte carried so far in some portions of
the rebel States as to lead judicious men upon
the spiot to believe and to write that there is
great danger that at Christmas there will be
bloody outbreaks. Those people are being
driven to desperation. There is no doubt of
the fact that in a great portion of those States
the high hopes, the confidence, and the joy ex-
pressed last spring by the freedmen, have passed
away; that silence and sorrow pervade that
section of the country; and that they are be-
coming distrustful and discontented. God grant
that the high-raised expectations of these loyal
and deserted people may not be blasted. God
forbid that we should violate our plighted
faith.
Now, sir, I should be willing to have this bill
referred but for the lossof time that will be oc-
casioned thereby. I think a measure of this
character we ought to pass, and pass instantly,
as a matter of justice and humanity. I have
no desire whatever to say any harsh things of
that portion of our country, nor of the "men
who have been engaged in the rebellion. 1 do
not ask their properly or their blood ; 1 do not
wish to disgrace or degrade them ; but 1 do
not wish that they shall be permitted to dis-
grace, degrade, or oppress anybody else. I
offer this bill as a matter of humanity, as a
measure that the needs of that section" of the
country imperatively demand at our hands. 1
believe that if it should pass, it will receive the
sanction of nineteen twentieths of the loyal
people of the country. Men may differ about
the power or expediency of giving them the
right of suffrage ; but how any humane, just,
and Christian man can for a moment permit
the laws that are on the statute-books of the
States in insurrection and rebellion, and the
laws that are now pending before their Legis-
latures to be executed upon men whom we
have declared to be free. I cannot comprehend.
Therefore, sir, I have introduced this bill, and
I should be glad fo have it put upon its pas-
sage at once. I have consulted with eminent
gentlemen connccted with the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, and they believe that it will bo au im-
mense relief.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do I understand the hon-
orable member as objecting to the reference of
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, or
to any other committee ?
Mr. WILSON. 1 should be glad to have the
MU passed now. 1 am not. going to make a
fight over the question of reference, but I should
be glad to have action upon it, at once. The
bdl has been very carefully drawn, and verv
carefully examined by some of the foremos't
minds of this country. ] believe it to be en-
tirely constitutional, and to be well drawn, and
I should like to have it put on its passage. 1
think wo ought to act on this subject before
the holidays.
Mr. J OliNSON. There are questions that I
think this bill will give rise to, on which it is very
desirable that the deliberation of the Senate
should be very calmly advised. The bill may
have been very carefully prepared, and may
have received the sanction of some very intelli-
gent and able men; but I am not alone of the
members of the Senate who have only for the
first time seen the bill this morning, and I con-
fess that on glancjng at the bill now, I do not
exactly understand what would be, if it became
a, law, the extent of its operation ; nor do I see
how it would accomplish the purpose the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts has in view.
There are no particular laws designated in the
bill to be repealed. All laws existing before
these States got into a condition of insurrection,
by which any difference or inequality is created
or established, are to be repealed. What is to
be the.effect of that repeal upon such laws as
they existIn some of those States by the
constitution or by the laws, (and the constitu-
tion is equally a law,) persons of the African
race are excluded from certain political priv-
ileges. Are they to be repealed, and at once,
by force of that repeal, are they to be placed
cxactly upon the same footing in regard to all
political privileges with that which belongs to
the other class of citizens? Very many of those
laws are laws passed under the police power,
which has always been conceded as a power
belonging to the States—laws supposed to have
been necessary in order to protect the States
themselves from insurrection. Are they to be
repealed absolutely?
Asl said, too, the bill will not accomplish the
purpose of the honorable member if I compre-
hend it. It only repeals the laws which have
heretofore been passed. If these States are in
the Union, (about which at the proper time I
shall have a woid to say,) or when they come
into the Union, they will have the same right
to pass police laws that has been recognized as
their right from the beginning of the Govern-
ment to the present day. No member of this
Senate, I am sure, will differ with the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts in the wish
that there should be no injustice perpetrated
which the authorities of the United States can
prevent. No man feels more anxious certainly
than I do that the rights incident to the condi-
tion of freedom, which is now, as I, personally,
am glad to believe, tiie condition of the black
race, should not be violated; but! do not know
that there is any more pressing need for extraor-
dinary legislation to prevent outrages upon
that class, by anything which is occurring in
the southern States, than there is for prevent-
ing outrages in the loyal States. Crimes are
being perpetrated every day in the very justly-
esteemed State from which the honorable mem-
ber comcs. Ilardly a paper fails to give us an
account of some most atrocious and horrible
crime. Murders shock the sense of that com-
munity and the sense of the United States very
often: and it is not peculiar to Massachusetts.
Moral by her education, and loving freedom
and hating injustice as much as the people of
any other State, she yet is unable to prevent a
violation of every principle of human rights,
but we arc not for that reason to legislate for
her.
As I have said, Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to inquire into the question (about
which there are honest differences of opinion)
whether the States which were in insurrection
are now States of the Union. I have now, and
I have had from the first, a very decided ooin-
ion that they are States in the Union, and thai
they never could have been placed out of the
Union without the consent of dieirsis'et States.
The insurrection terminated, the authority of
the Government thereby reinstated, co /nsianti
they were invested with all the right's belonging
to them originally ; J mean as States. Whet her
the indn ulna! citizens of those States have for-
feited their own ris-hts by committing treason
or by the commission of any other offense is
another inquiry; but in my judgment our sole !
authority for the acts which we have done dur-
ing the last, four years, the measures which we
have adopted in raising armies, was the author-
ity communicated to Congress by that clause
in the Constitution of the United States which
gives to Congress the power to suppress insur-
rection. If the power can only bo referred to
that clause, in my opinion—speaking, I repeat
it, with great deference to the judgment of
.others—the moment the insurrection was ter-
minated, there was no power whatever left in
the Congress of the United States over those
States ; and I am glad to see, if I understand
his message—a message, by the by, which, in
common with almost the entire country, I ad-
mire as one of the ablest, if not the ablest,
message that lias ever emanated from the ex-
ecutive department of the Government; a mes-
sage calculated to do immense benefit in the
country itself by calming and settling the feel-
ings and-the controversies which existed ; and
a message which is still more calculated, if pos-
sible, to place us high in the estimation of the
nations of the world—I.am glad, I was about
to say, to fiud that in the view I have just ex-
pressed I have the concurrence of the President
of the United States.
Now, as to these outrages that are said to be
perpetrated, (and no doubt to a certain extent
it is true,) in the southern States, permit me
to say as my own impression, from my knowl-
edge of the, people of those States as they now
are — I mean the educated portion of those
States ; the men who have heretofore been in
the councils of the country ; men who have
been the ornaments of civil life in the past, but
who have gone astray ; they have done so with-
out abandoning at all any of the high moral
principles by which their lives were antece-
dently characterized, and I believe as solemnly
as I believe any truth that there is not more
humanity now to be found in the humanest (if
there be any difference) of the loyal States than
is to be found in the States recently in insur-
rection. They are—and I speak from knowl-
edge derived from conversation with many of
the leaders who were engaged in the war—they
are now as anxious to return as in their insan-
ity they w ere anxious to leave us. They have
seen the error of their course ; they have seen
that there was no safety except undertlieUnion
of the United States; they have seen that
there is to be safety under the protection of the
Government of the United States ; and they
are longing, passionately longing, for an op-
portunity to return among ui, and be again with
us, brothers.
1 have referred to this, Mr. President, merely
for the purpose of guarding against an impres-
sion which the well-known authority of the
honorable member from Massachusetts and his
supposed means of information might carry
with it, that these States and the men of these
States arc almost semi-barbarous. It is a mis-
take. That there are exceptions, I admit.
There _ ever are •exceptions. They are to be
found in this District, which is especially under
your protection by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and they are to be found over) where
else. Crimes are being committed which Bf artle
with their enormity, even here. That con-
every law (o be found upon ill" statute-books
of these States by which supposed inequality
has been produced between the different races
that may be the inhabitants of those Stales.
Mr. COWAN. 1 ,simply wish to say that I
have not men cd this reference because 1 did
not sympathize isith the design or desire the
attainment of the end contemplated by the
Senator from Ma^aehiibetts. I am in i'uuir,
and excecdinglv desirous that by some means
or other the natural rights of all people in the
country siiail bo secured to them, no matter
what their color or complexion may be, and
may be secured to them it) .such a way as that
Stales thennelvos cannot herenf'ti;r wrest them
away from them. I am in favor of the posi-
tion that the courts of tho country shall ba
