1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3025
Mr. ANCONA said: My colleagues, Mr.
Johnson and Mr. Stkouse, who are both in
favor of the bill, are paired with the gentlemen
from Rhode Island, Mr. Dixon, and Mr. Wash-
burn, of Massachusetts.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the title
of the bill just passed by adding to it the words
"and to dispense with and dispose of the site
of the existing yard at Philadelphia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the votes by which the bill was passed
and the title of the bill was amended; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message rilom t1ie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had concurred in the passage of House bill
No. 15, authorizing documentary evidence of
titles to be furnished to owners of lands in the
city of St. Louis.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked leave of absence for
Mr. Dixon for one week from to-morrow.
Leave was granted.
Mr. NICHOLSON asked leave of absence
till next Tuesday.
Leave was granted.
Mr. LE BLOND asked leave of absence till
next Tuesday.
Leave was granted.
Mr. PERIIAM asked leave of absence for
Mr. Lynch for one week.
Leave was granted.
adjournment of congress again.
Mr. ANCONA introduced the following con-
current resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President pro tempore of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representative? bo author-
ized to close the present session by adjourning their
respective Houses on Thursday, the 26th of June
instant, at twelve o'clock m.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered, which was upon
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays. There is most impor-
tant business still before Congress which must
be acted on at this session, and which cannot
be disposed of by the time named in this reso-
lution.
Mr. LE BLOND. Work the harder, then,
and you will get through the quicker.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and upon a division there were
—ayes 21, noes 85.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the concurrent resolution, and being taken,
there were, upon a division—ayes 09, noes 39.
So the concurrent resolution was passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the concurrent resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANCONA. Then Iwithdraw mymotion
to reconsider and lay on the table.
national bureau of education.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 276, to
establish a national Bureau of Education, upon
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mocl-
ton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GR1NNELL. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me that I may make a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution relative to the final adjournment of
Congress was passed?
Mr. MOULTON. I yield for that purpose,
with the understanding that I dQ not lose my
right to the floor.
39tjt Coxa. 1st Bess.—No. 190.
adjournment of congress again.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution fixing the
time for the adjournment of Congress was
passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. Onthatmotion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decidcd
in the negative—yeas U-l, nays 01, not voting
88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boycr, Kidney
Clarke, Cotfroth, Da.w.-on, Delrees, Eggleston, El-
dridge, Finck, Glossbrenner. llale. Aaron Harding,
Hayes, Henderson, James R. llubbell, James 51.
Humphrey, Julian, Kerr, Le Blond, Mclvee, Moor-
head, Niblack, Nicholson, Pike, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, ltitter, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreavcs, Taber,
Taylor, and Wright—-o-t.
NAYS—Mcssis. Alley, Allison. Dclos R. Ashley,
Ranks, Baxter, Beainan, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Buekland.Cobb, Colliding, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Farquliar, Garfield, Grinncll.Griswold,
Abnor 0. Harding, Hart, Holmes Hooper, llotehk-Ks,
Asahel U'. llubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard, Jenckes, Keliey, Kelso, Kctcham, Lafhn,
Latham, Gcorgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan. Longycar, McClurg, Mclluer. Mercur, Morrill,
Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Perham,William II. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rico, Sawyer, Schenck, Spal-
ding, Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson,Van Aernam, Wal-
ker, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker. Benjamin. Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegce, Bromwcll, Broomall, liundy,
dcr, Harris, lligby, Hill, Ilogan, Demas llubbard,
Edwin N. llubbeU, Ilulburd. James Humphrey, In-
gcrsolb.Tohnson. Jones. Kasson, Kuykendall. Lynch,
Marshall, Marston, Marvin, MeCullough, Melndoc,
Miller, Morris, Newell, Noell.Orth, Paine. Patterson,
Phelps, Plants, Pomoroy, Price, Radford, John II.
Itice, Rogers. Rollins, Scofield, Slianklin, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Strousc,
Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas/l'hornton, Trim-
ble, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van llorn. Ward,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William B.Washburn. Wentworth, Stephen 1". Wil-
son, Wintield, and Woodbridgc—88.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
The question recurred on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
49. noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House
adjourn
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
fat five o'clock p. in.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
Bv Mr. DAVIS: The petition of W. R. Randall,
R. II. Duell, and 500 others bonkers, business men,
and citizens of Cortland county. New York, praying
for an act postponing the imposition of thotax^often
per cent. on State bank circulation to take elfeet on
the 1st day of July next till some period alter that
time.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 116 citizens
of Thompson, Goauga county, Ohio, asking for in-
creased protection to American wooi.
By Mr. LAFL1N : The manorial of Folger Brothei s,
of Jefferson county, New York, in favorof the trans-
fer of three Canadian vessels to American bottoms.
Also, the petition of J. L. Leonard, and others, of
Lewis county, New York, in favor of a change in the
law ta.xing Stnie bank circulation ten per cent.
By Mr. RAYMOND: The petition ofW. W. Rich-
mond, lor payment for services as secretary of le-
gation in Brussels and commercial agent in St.
Domingo.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 8, 18G0.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. E. TI. Gray.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with unless some
Senator desires to have it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
dispensed with by unanimous consent only.
No objection being made, the reading of the
Journal is dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate the memorial of the
corporate authorities of the city of Georgetown,
District of Columbia, against the repeal of the
charter of that city, which will be referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia if
there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest that it lie upon
the table as that subject has been considered
by the committee and is now befuie the Senate.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid upon the table.
Mr. CLARK. I present the memorial of
C. I. Field, president, and John A. Strother,
delegate, in behalf of the levee board of the
Yazoo valley district, of Mississippi, to the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States of America, in which they say that
the counties of De Soto, Tunica, Coahoma, and
some other counties of the State of Mississippi
embrace a large and fertile body of land of allu-
vial formation, nearly the wdioleof which, being
three million five hundred thousand acres, is
subject to overflow by the annual floods of the
Mississippi, and by the influx of the waters
those lands are rendered unfit for use or habi-
tation, and that by the fact of the war they are
utterly prostrate in resources ; and the planters
appeal to the Government at Washington for
assistance. The work, they say, is one of vast
national benefit, and it concerns the public
revenues and public credit and the general
interests of the whole country as well as the
immediate district which now appealsfor relief.
At the same time I present the memorial
of the board of levee commissioners of the
State of Louisiana, in which they state in sub-
stance the same thing, that the levees of the
Mississippi are broken and the country to a
very great extent inundated, and that they are
so impoverished by the war that they are un-
able entirely, or to any great extent, to build
up those levees, and they ask the aid of the
Government. I understand that the War
Department have had this subject under con-
sideration and have sent a board of engineers,
with General Humphreys at their head, to the
river to make some examination, which report
may be presented to the Senate in a few days.
Mr. President, I present these memorials to
Congress with some satisfaction. While we
have been in war in different parts of the coun-
try, and while those States have not yet been
restored to their relations with the Govern-
ment so that their Representatives and Sena-
tors can be here, I take pleasure in presenting
these memorials to the Senate of the United
Slates, to show that I would be willing to do
anything to aid the material prosperity of that
country that can safely be done, and I shall
be glad to lend the assisting aid of the Gov-
ernment.
I move that these memorials be referred to
o select committee to consist of five members
of the Senate, there not being any committee
to which such matters would particularly go.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SALH.SBURY presented the petition of
Samuel Rediield, of Ravenna, Portage county,
Ohio, who was a soldier in the war of 1812,
representing that the soldiers in that war were
very inadequately paid for their services, and
praying that they may be included in thejiro-
visionsof the bill equalizing the bounties of sol-
diers in the late war : which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the enactment
of just and equal laws for the regulation of
inter-State insurances of all kinds; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of resi-
dents of the county of Cayuga, of the State of
New York, praying for the repeal or exten-
sion of the act of Congress imposing a tax of
ten per cent, on Slate bank circulation; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks, widow of Reu-
ben Storks, praying for a pension, submitted
