1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tir
open to everybody, Jews, Gypsies, Chinese,
negroes, "all men of every color and condition,
and that tliey shall be competent as witnesses,
unless excluded by crime or want of that reli-
gious belief which does exclude in some States
of the Union; but I doubt whether the proper
mode to attain that end is by legislation in
Congress. I think the only way that it can be
attained, and securely attained, is by an amend-
ment of the Constitution, and I am in favor of
that measure, and that I believe can be carried
through during the next month. I think there
is a disposition everywhere in the country, even
in the southern States, to accord these rights
to all men, and when it is done, it is proper
that it be well done. I therefore desire that
this bill should be referred to the Judiciary
Committee, in order that it may undergo an
examination in that committee, and that it
may be seen whether there is any merit in it
whatever. I am afraid there is not, that it
would be a mere temporary remedy, and that
w;e would lose more by usurping the power to
meddle with it in our legislative capacity than
we would gain by its operation in relieving
from the difficulties which are suggested.
Mr. WILSON". The Senator from Maryland
seems to think that I cast imputations upon the
people in the rebel States. Sir, 1 have no desire
to indulge in any harsh criticisms upon the peo-
ple of that section of the country. We have had
bilter contests over the mighty issues of years.
The cause of liberty and the cause of country has
triumphed; the men who went into rebellion
have been defeated in battle ; they have been
conqueredand subjugated; they are at the mercy
of the Government of the United States to-day.
Now, I repeat what I have said on this floor
before, I never entertained an unkind feeling
toward the people of that section of my country.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ihopethehonorablemem-
ber does not suppose that I am under that im-
pression. I certainly did not mean to intimate
it, for 1 know to the contrary.
Mr. WILSON. I thank the Senator for his
explanation; but I will say that I have never
entertained a feeling of bitterness or of unkind-
ness to the southern people ; that in spite of all
that has taken place, I have always regarded
those people as my countrymen; wrong and de-
luded, but still my countrymen. Nor do I wish
to impose upon them anything that may bo do-
grading or unmanly; but I wish to protect all
the people there of every race, the poorest and
the humblest; and while I would not impose
any degradations upon tliem, I would not per-
mit thorn to impose any degradations upon
others.
Sir, I deny the right of these States to pass
these laws against men who arc citizens of the
United States. They are free, and, in the
language of Attorney General Bates—
"Every citizen of the United States is a component
member of the it;:t ion, v.-1 r 11 rights and duties under
the Constitution and laws ofthe United s5f ates, which
cannot be abridged or destroyed by the laws of any
particular State. 'jL'he laws of the State, if theji-con-
tiiet with the laws of the nation, are of no force."
But these old slave codes still exist ; they
are executed in four fifths of the rebel terri-
tory to day, and four or five of those Slates are
passing other codes inhuman, unchristian, and
inconsistent with the idea that these froedmen
have rights. These freedmen are as free as I
am, to work when they please, to play when
they please, to go where they please, to work
at what they please, and to use the product
of their labor, and those States have no right
to pass such laws as are now pending and have
just been passed in some of them.
But, sir,, the Senator from Maryland says
that cruelties and great crimes are committed
in all sections of the country. - I know it, but
we have not cruel and inhuman laws to be, en-
forced. Sir, armed men are traversing por-
tions of the rebel States to-day enforcing these
black laws upon men whom we have made free
and to whom we stand pledged before man and
God to maiutain their freedom. A few months
ago these frcudmen were joyous, hopeful, con-
fident. To-day they are distrustful, silent, and
sad, and this condition has grown out of (he
wrongs and cruelties and oppressions that have
been perpetrated upon them. The evidence of
all, or nearly all of the officers of tlje United
States, of the Freedmen's Bureau, and of the
Army, goes to prove that great outrages and
wrongs are perpetrated upon these people. I
do not think we ought to stand here quibbling
over the authority to interfere.
These States have been declared to be in in-
surrection and rebellion, and they are legally in
insurrection and rebellion now That is the
decision of Congress, of the President, and of
the Supreme Court. I think we ought to act
promptly and act at once, and tell these men
who have been for four years in rebellion against
the country that we have emancipated three
and a half million people by the proclama-
tion of the President, and that the President
is pledged, and that the Army and Navy are
pledged, to maintain their freedom.
I believe that the constitutional amendment
has been adopted, and that under the second
section of that amendment wo have the power
to pass not only a bill that shall .apply these
provisions to the rebel States, but to Kentucky,
to Maryland, to Delaware, and to all the loval
States. But this bill is confined entirclytothe
States declared by the President to be in in-
surrection and rebellion, aud applies to that
population whom wo have made free by presi-
dential proclamation.
Sir, the law of Mississippi makes every one
of these men whom we have made free practi-
cally a slave,-and he is in a worse condition to-
day than he was when lie was a slave, because
his master had some interest in protecting and
caring for him. To turn these freedmen over
to the tender mercies of men who hate them for
tbeir fidelity to the countiy is a crime that will
bring the judgment of Ileaven upon us.
The evidence is before us; we cannot shut
our eyes to facts. The condition of the
freedmen is worse to-day than on the day Gen-
eral Leo surrendered to General Grant. Their
spirits are less buoyant; they are less hopeful,
less confident of their future; and we owe it
here in Congress to say that these laws shall
never more bo enforced, and that these States,
at least while they arc in rebellion, shall not
have power to pass any laws to oppress men
whom wo have declared free, and to whom we
have given the plighted faith of the Republic.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I sympa-
thize heartily with the purpose of the bill of
the Senator from Massachusetts. I believe it
is the duty of Congress to give to the freedmen
of the southern States ample protection in all
their natural rights. With me it is a question
simply of time and maimer. I submit to the
Senator from Massachusetts whether this is
the time for the introduction of this bill. I
believe it would be w iser to postpone all action
upon this subject until the proclamation ofthe
Secretary of State shall announce that the con-
stitutional amendment is a part of the supreme
law of the land. When that is done, there
will then bo, in my judgment, no doubt of the
power of Congress to pass this bill, and to
make it definite and general in itsterms. The
bill now necessarily relates only to the States
included in the proclamation ofthe President.
It excludes the States of Kentucky, Delaware,
Maryland, West Virginia, and other portions of
the South, which were excepted in that proc-
lamation. The moment the constitutional
amendment is adopted, then our legislation on
this subject may be general throughout the
United Slates. Under the joint resolution pro-_
posing that amendment, there is no doubt of
the power of Congress over this subject. I
must confess my surprise atone or two recent
dispatches issued from high officers of the
Government in regard to the construction of
the constitutional amendment. To me it is
plain and obvious. The first section provides
that—■
" N either slavery nor involuntary servitude, cxeept
as a punishment for crime, v^hereof the nirty shall
hm f been duly com ieted. shall exist within the Uni-
ted iStates, or any place subject to their jurisdiction."
This section secures to every man within
the United States libertyin its broadest tetansi-
The second section provides that-^
" Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation."
Here is not only a guarantee of liberty
every inhabitant of the United States, bnt'aa
express grant of power to Congress .to" seeiire;
this liberty by appropriate legislation. NW,;
unless a man may be free without thd right to'
sue and be sued, to plead and be' impleadedt,
to acquireand hold property, and'to testify in
a court of justice, then Congress has the powipr;'
by the express terms of this amendment, 'to
secure all these'rights. To say that a man is a'
freeman and yet is not able to assert and maiu-
tain his right, in a court of justice, is a negation
of terms. Therefore the power is expressly
given to Congress to secure all their rights of
freedom by appropriate legislation. . The reason
why this power was given is also drawn from
the history of a clause of the Constitution. By
this clause of the Constitution, one which has
always been a part of our fundamental law, it
is provided that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens of the sev-
eral States."
This clause gives to the citizen of Massachu-
setts, whatever may be his color, the right of a'
citizen of South Carolina, to come and go pre"-
cisely like any other citizen. There never was
any doubt about the construction of this-clause
of the Constitution—that is, that a man who
was recognized as a citizen of one State had the
right to go anywhere within the United States,
and exercise the immunity of a citizen of the
United States; but the trouble was in enforcing
this constitutional provision. In the celebrated
case of Mr. Hoar, who went to South Carolina,
he was driven out, although lie went there to
exercise a plain constitutional right, and al-
though he was a white man of undisputed char-
acter. This constitutional provision was in
effect a dead letter to him. The reason was
that there was no provision in the Constitution
by which Congress could enforce this right.
Although here was a guarantee that the citizen
of one State should have the rights of a citizen
in all the States, yet there was 110 express power
conferred upon Congress to secure this right,
and no law has ever yet been framed that se-
cured the right of a citizen to travel wherever
he chose within the limits ofthe United Stales.
To avoid this very difficulty', that of a guar-
antee without a power to enforce it, this second
section of the constitutional amendment was
adopted, which does give to Congress in clear
and express terms the right to secure, by appro-
priate legislation, to every person within the
United States, liberty. It seems to me, there-
fore, as a question of time, it is better to post-
pone all legislation on this subject until thb
constitutional amendment is declared to be a
part of the fundamental law.
Then, as I have said, it is a question of man-
ner. When this quest ion comes to be legislated
upon by Congress I do not wish it to be left to
the uncertain and ambiguous language of this
bill. I think that the rights which we desire
to secure to the freedmen of the South should
be distinctly specified. The bill provides' that
all laws, statutes, acts, ordinances, rules, and
regulations, of any description whatsoever,
heretofore in force or held valid in any of the
States which were declared to be in insurrec-
tion and rebellion by the proclamation of the
President of the 1st of July, 1802, whereby or
wherein auv inequality of civil rights aud im-
munities among the inhabitants of said States
is recognized, authorized, established, or main-
tained,"by reason or in consequence of any dis-
tinctions ordifferenees of color, race, or descent,
or by reason or in consequence of a previous
condition or status of slavery or involuntary
servitude of such inhabitants, be, and are hereby,
declared null and void, &c.
There is scarcely a State in the Union that
does not make distinction5! 011 account of color.
Is it wise for us to legislate in regard to all
these various subjects without having a full
comprehension of what they are? In nearly
