42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
every State in the Union there is some distinc-
tion. In the State of New York a certain por-
tion of the negro population is allowed to vote,
and a certain portion are excluded from voting
—those who have not property. In the State
of Ohio all those who are nearer white than
black are allowed to vote; those nearer black
than white are excluded from voting. These
are distinctions contained in the laws of what
-were called the free States—all are free now.
Is i t the purpose of this bill to wipe out all these
distinctions ?
I have said that the language of this bill is
not sufficiently definite and distinct to inform
the people of tlie United States of precisely the
character of rights intended to be secured by it
to the freedmen of the southern States. The
bill in its terms applies only to those States
which wore declared to be in insurrection; and
the same criticism would apply to this part of
it that I have already made, that it is not gen-
eral in its terms.
It seems to me that when we legislate on
this subject we should secure to the freedmen
of the southern States certain rights, naming
them, defining precisely what they should be.
For instance, wo could agree that every man
should have the right to sue and be sued in any
court of justice. No man can be said tobe free
within the language of the first clause until he
has a right to sue and be sued, and to maintain
his rights. So with the right to testify, an in-
cident, an inevitable incident to liberty, with-
out which liberty would bo but a name. It
seems to me even the exclusion of persons from
testifying because they have been guilty of a
crime is indefensible. I would receive the testi-
mony of anything that could articulate; and
sometimes objects without life are the most im-
portant elements of testimony. We should
secure to these l'reedmen the right to acquire
and hold property, to enjoy the fruits of their
own labor, to lie protected in their homes and
family, the right, to be educated, and to go and
conic at pleasure. These are among the natural
rights of free men.
It seems tome, therefore, that when we come
to legislate on this subject, it should be in clear
and precise language, naming and detailing pre-
cisely the rights that these men shall be secured
in, so that in the southern States there shall be
hereafter no dispute or controversy. And I
think we should at as early a day as possible
announce to the'people lately in insurrection
precisely what we mean to do wilh them. In
my judgment the Congress of the United States
lias now to impose conditions upon which those
States shall be restored to their old relations to
and in the Union. I want to .see these condi-
tions gravely considered, deliberately discussed,
and fixed after debate; and I wish to sec them
plainly prescribed either by amendments to the
Constitution or in some definite way, that the
people of the southern Slates may know pre-
cisely what we. intend to demand of them : and
then when we have made our demands we shall
be satisfied if they comply with them.
For the present, therefore, T think it would
be better to refer this bill and postpone any def-
inite legislation on the subject until the com-
mittee already provided for by the resolution
of the two Houses shall have reported, or at
least until after the constitutional amendment
shall be declared a part of the Constitution of
the United States by the proclamation of the
Secretary of State.
Mr. SAULKRUBY. I do not wish to go
beyond the limits of propriety in discussing
this question, and I should not sny a word had
it not been for some of the extraordinary and
alarming principles avowed here to-day. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts who has
introduced this bill, having relation upon its
face entirely to the States which are denomin-
ated "States lately in rebellion," has expressed
the opinion that Congress has the power by
its legislation to enter my State and to legislate
for my people and for tiie people of Maryland
and for the people of other States which" it is
not pretended have ever been in revolt: and
we are now told that this power is to be de-
rived from the closing paragraph of the act for
the amendment of the Constitution. I wish
the country to note the fact that when that pro-
posed amendment was before this body there
was no Senator then, according to my recollec-
tion, that' avowed this doctrine.
Gentlemen told us that they simply wished
to amend the Constitution so as to get clear
of slavery, but 110 Senator then, according to
my recollection, stated to the country that it
was "meant under this latter clause of that act
to give to the General Government the pow-
ers of a consolidated Government, to wipe out
the States of this Union from existence, and
to vest in Congress the power to legislate for
the States. I know, sir, that it was said by
a distinguished modern patriot in New York
that the old Union should not exist, but they
meant to tear down the old house and build up
a new one; but not even he avowed, nor did
any other man, while the subject was under
discussion, that it was intended to confer upon
Congress, by the passage of that act, power to
enter the States and legislate for the people of
the States.
Sir, has it come to this, that simply because
there has been a revolt in the southern States,
and that revolt has been suppressed, we are to
forget the lessons of the past, disregard all the
experience of the past, all the teachings of the
past, and now to blot out entirely our former
system of government,, and in an insane effort
to elevate the African race to the dignity of
the white race, to destroy all the rights guar-
antied to us by our own State constitutions?
Mr. President, I know that some of us who
scented danger in the distance were charged
by the public press and otherwise with being
disunionists; but the legislation proposed and
the legislation which is to be carried through
Congress, if it shall be carried through Con-
gress, gives evidence to the country who in faet
are the real disunionists of the land. And now,
sir, before 1 sit down allow uic to ask this ques-
tion, why should there be such an anxiety to
press upon and degrade the southern people
now that the war is over ? The history of the
world docs not show an example where there
has been such a sudden and universal acqui-
escence in the change of the relations of any
people to a Government as has been recently
exhibited in these southern States. They ap-
pealed to arms for the assertion of what they
thought or said they thought were their rights ;
the decision lias been against them. Point me,
if you can, to the example in history where any
people, from the ins' if ution of civil government
to this present hour, have so generally and so
suddenly acquiesced in the changed relations
which the war has produced. There is 110 such
example.
They are charged still with being "disloyal.''
Thai is a word that I do not know the meaning
of when applied to a republican form of gov-
: eminent, and I do not wish ever to know the
I meaning of it. It has no proper place in a re-
I publican dictionary as applied to a republican
; Government. I ha\ e met many gentlemen from
, the South, and I have yet to hear the first man
1 of them who is not earnestly anxious that his
| State should assume its former relations to the
General Government. There has been perfect
acquiescence in everything which the Presi-
dent of the United States has demanded, and
certainly he has made very great demands in-
deed. He has asked them to ratify the con-
stitutional amendment. They have done it.
Ho has asked them to abolish slavery. They
have done it. And yet, sir, although there is
not a particle of resistance from the Potomac
to the Kio Grande, or from the Ohio to the Gulf
of Mexico, although peace reigns throughout
the whole land, we are still fold that the rebel-
lion exists. How? Is there any war going 011?
Is there any opposition to the exercise of the
Federal authority? Kebellion is an act.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
says the President proclaimed that these States
were in rebellion. Suppose he did ; if the
President who made that proclamation were
alive to-day and could continue to live and ex-
ercise power for a thousand years, could he
continue the rebellion simply because ho had
issued a proclamation that was still in existence
unrevoked by him? Has it come to this, that
the fact of tlie existence of a rebellion is to de-
pend on the word of a President? I thought
that rebellion meant resistance to authority,
that it meant conflict; but no, the doctrine now
is that the President having once said that a
rebellion exists, that rebellion continues to ex-
ist forever unless the President says it shall
cease! Sir, such is not the judgment of the
people of this country. Everybody knows that
war has ceased, and tlie rebellion as it is called
has ceased. Your judges have so decided. It
was so decided only yesterday in one of the
courts of this country. What, sir, the Presi-
dent's proclamation to be the evidence of the
existence of a rebellion! Verily, during the
last four or five years we have had wonderful
examples of presidential power; but I never
dreamed that that power was so omnipotent
that he could create a rebellion by proclama-
tion and continue it for all time by proclama-
tion.
But, sir, on the question immediately before
the Senate I wish to say that I am in favor of
the proposed reference to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, because if it be true that it was the in-
tention of the framers of the constitutional
amendment to give such a power as is now
claimed to Congress, and if this bill is meant
to carry out that assumed power, I should like
to have the judgment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee on that subject. It is contrary to what
the Secretary of State telegraphed to the pro-
visional governor of South Carolina. Jt is
contrary, as we all know, to the spirit and in-
tention of the President's message and his uni-
form declarations. And here I will take occa-
sion to say that while I did not support Andrew
Johnson for the Vice Presidency of the United
States, yet as far as he conducts the Govern-
ment in accordance with the Constitution of
the United States, recognizing the States of
this Union as composing the Union, recog-
nizing the rights of those States as political
communities, I will give him a cordial support
in every proper measure of his administration;
where he is wrong 1 will oppose him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not rise, sir, with a
view of discussing the bill under consideration:
it is one relating to questions of a very grave
character, and ought, not to pass without due
consideration. The Senator from Massachu-
setts tells us that it has been submitted to
distinguished lawyers, and tlicv all conceded
its propriety, and nobody disputes the power
of Congress to pass it. Doubtless that was their
opinion and is the opinion of the Senator from
Massachusetts. Perhaps it would be my opin-
ion upon investigation. I will not undertake to
say, at this time, what the powers of the Con-
gress of the United States maybe over the peo-
ple in the lately rebellious States.
There was a time between the suppression of
the rebellion and the institution of any kind of
government in those States when it was abso-
lutely necessary that some power or oilier to
prevent anarchy should have control. The Sen-
ator from Delaware, and I believe the Senator
from Maryland, said the rebellion was over,
but at the time that the rebellion ceased there
was no organized government whatever in most
of the rebel States; and was the Government
of the United States to withdraw its forces and
leave the people 111 a state of anarchy for the
time being? Surely not. As a consequence of
the rebellion and of the authority clearly vested
in the Government of the United States to put
down the rebellion, in my judgment the Gov-
ernment had the right, in the absence of any
local governments, to control and govern the
people till State organizations could bo set up
by the people which should be recognized by
the Federal Government as loyal and true to
the Constitution. It. must be so. It is a ne-
cessity of the condition of things.
JSut, sir, f do not propose at this time to dis-
cuss this bill. It is one, I think, of too much
importance to be passed without a reference to
