3026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 358)
granting a pension to Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from tlie same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Hopestill Bigelow,
of New Market, New Jersey, praying that he
may be granted eleven years' back pay due
him as a pensioner of the war of 1812, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
359) for the relief of Hopestill Bigelow, of
New Market, New Jersey. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 336) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Salt
Lake City to the Columbia river, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from'the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 313) to quiet land
titles in California, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
a bill (II. R. No. 001) to grade East Capitol
street and establish Lincoln square, reported
it without amendment.
mills introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce u bill (8.
No. 300) in amendment of an act to provide
for the better organization of the pay depart-
ment, of the Navy; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimouseon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(rt. No.
3til) to authorize W. .1. Sibley and others, trust-
ees, to sell lot No. !), in square No. 70, in the
city of Washington; which was tead twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on tlie
District of Columbia.
order of business.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all prior orders
be suspended, and that the Senate proceed to
tlie consider-'lion of the special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope tlie Senator will
not press that, motion for the present,. I should
be glad to proceed with tlie consideration of
Senate bill No. Ii85, which the Senate had
under consideration yesterday during tin; morn-
ing hour, and which we can conclude, 1 sup-
pose, in a very few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro ten) port. The Chair
will slate the motion, and then il, will be sub-
ject to discussion. Il is moved that the Sen-
ate postpone all prior o: ders and pioeeed to
the consideration of the joint resolution (II. U.
No. 127) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to antago-
nize tlie hill which I have mentioned against
the special order, but, I desire to have some
portion of the morning hour devoted to its
consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
not antagonize anything with the special order
to-(lay, but that we shall take it up so as to bo
able to get a vote with certainty to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it understood that we
are to vote upon it to-day'!
Mr. CONNESS. It is so understood.
Mr. POMEROY. It we can get that out of
the way 1 will not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiencies in house contingent fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that the consid-
eration of the special order may be delayed for
a single moment until I can report a bill from
the Committee on Finance, which the House
of Representatives think is very important to
them should be passed immediately. I report
back, without amendment, from the Commit-
tee on Finance, the bill (H. R. No. 051) mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1806. The
House of Representatives are anxious to have
this bill passed at once. Their appropriations
have been very much reduced by sundry spe-
cial committees that have been raised there.
It will take but a moment to consider the bill,
and I ask the Senate to proceed to its consid-
eration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can receive the report only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CLARK. There is unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It appropriates for miscellaneous items,
$10,000; for folding documents, §17,500; for
furniture and repairs, and packing-boxes for
members, §10,000; and for stationery, $15,000,
for the fiscal year ending June 30, I860.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
OltDER of business.
Mr. RIDDLE. Some days ago I reported
from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia a bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Glass Company. The bill has been
shown to the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] and he has assented to it. It is
merely an act of incorporation; and, with an
amendment, the committee unanimously rec-
ommend its passage. I ask the Senate to take
it up now and pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Delaware moves to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders, and that the Senate
pvocced to the consideration of the bill he has
indicated.
Mr. CLARK. I hope not.
Mr. RIDDLE. This bill will not take a
minute.
Mr. CLARK. I hope, as the special order
is now before the Senate, that wo shall go on
with it and consider it without any interrup-
tion. The bill reported from the Finance
Committee was of great importance, and on
that account we gave way to it.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will waive his objection. This
bill will not take a min,ute.
Mr. CLARK. That minute can be had after
we get through with the special order just as
well as now.
Mr. POMEROY. T object to the reception
of any bill. If the bill which I asked to have
considered cannot be considered this morning,
1 do not, want, any others considered.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Delaware to make
a motion, and not merely to ask the consent
of the Senate.
Mr. RIDDLE. I presume there is no neces-
sity for insisting upon it this morning, and I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator from Del-
aware will not, press his bill just at this time.
Mr. RIDDLE. I will not. 1 withdraw the
motion.
message i'hom the iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPnuisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint, resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (11. R. No.*452) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to accept League Island, in
the Delaware river, for naval purposes, and to
dispense with and dispose of the site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 149) declara-
tory of the law of bounty.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a concurrent
resolution respecting the expediency of pur-
chasing the portrait of the late Brevet Lieuten-
ant General Winfield Scott.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 281) to amend the postal laws.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed without amend-
ment the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 140) to grant the right of way
to the Humboldt Canal Company through the
public lands of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 261) for the relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston;
A bill (S. No. 173) to confirm the title^of
Jos6 Serafin Ramirez to certain lands in New
Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 189) to confirm the grant of
certain lands to Jose Dominguez in Califor-
nia; and
A bill (S. No. 321) for the relief of Maria
Syphax.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes t>f the two Houses on the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 255) making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for
the year ending June 30, 1807.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (II. R. No. 054) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 18(50 ; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate.
house bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 452) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to accept League Island, in
the Delaware river, for naval purposes, and to
dispense with and dispose of the site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia—to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 14'J) declara-
tory of the law of bounty—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
reconstruction.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration-of the joint resolu-
tion (IL It. No. 127) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of tlie United States, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Williams to strike out the second sec-
tion and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Sec. 2. Representatives shall he apportioned among
thescveral Scates according .otheirrespectivenum-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But whenever
the i iglit to vote at any election held under the Consti-
tution and tawsot the United Sta tes, or of any Stato,
is denied to any of the male inhabitants of such
State, beins twenty-one years of asc and citizens of
tlie Unifed States, or in any way abridged except
for participation in rebellion or other ei U'ne, the basis
of representation therein shall bo reduced in the
proportion which the number of such male citizcns
shall bear to the whotc number ot male citizcns
twenty-one years of age in such State.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask how
those persons excluded are to be ascertained;
how the number of them is to be ascertained.
IIow is it to be determined how many aie ex-
cluded because they have not paid a tax within
two years in my State, and how many are ex-
cluded because they have not resided in a par-
ticular district a certain length of time before
voting? I suggest that these things seem to
be of some difficulty in the proper determina-
tion of this question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe, Mr. President,
that the question immediately before the Sen-
ate is the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon to the joint resolution. Before I
proceed to discuss the questions which, as it
seems to me, are presented by the proposition
as a whole, I beg leave to say a word upon the
particular effect of that amendment. Thehon-
