3980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 709) entitled
"An act for the relief of Mrs. Eleanor C. Ran-
som," with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 441) entitled
"An act for the relief of Margarette Ann
Laurie;" in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
james c. cook.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is tho consideration of the* bill reported
on Friday last from the Committee on Patents
(II. It. No. 760) for the relief of James C.
Cook, upon which the gentleman from Con-
necticut demands the previous question.
Mr. RADFORD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend that
motion so as to provide that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock
to- morrow.
The SPEAKER. That motion would re-
quire unanimous consent.
Mr. SCIIEXCK. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Radford's
motion, and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions. &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. 1I0LMES: The petition of Henry C. Hol-
land, lor an American rejri-ster for the Canadian -
buiit schooner llov;il Albert.
By 3Ii. I'EIUlAJi: The memorial of clerks in the
Patent Otlico Bureau, asking to be placed on an
equal footing in re-iard to pay with other clerks in
the Interior Dep.ulinent.
By Air. PLANTS: The petition of A. W. McCor-
mick. and others. praying Congress to enact just and
etju.d l.uvs upon the subject of inter-State insurances,
Ac.
By Mi. SCIIEXCK: The memorial of L. F. Fix,
■ Hc.itenant colonel and aid-de-camp Missouri
State militia, praying for relief.
IN SENATE.
saturday, Juh/ 21, 180G.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Ilev. E. II. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, and by unan-
imous consent, ihe reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
vetmons and memorials.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the petition of
Syls'ester Mowry. praying for remuneration for
losses sustained by him in negotiating drafts on
the Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
New York in 1801, while he was United States
California boundary commissioner, to protect
the honor of the Government: and as there is
little prospect that this memorial will be acted
upon at the present session, I think it but jus-
tice to state, especially as some misrepresenta-
tions have obtained currency with regard to the
acts of the memorialist, that on an examina-
tion by-the proper accounting otliecrs he is
found .to be a creditor instead of a debtor to
the Government, and the balance has been
paid to him. I move that the petition lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
. iineouts or committees
Mr. NE-5MITH, from the Committee on
Military Allaics and the Militia, to whom was
referred a petition of certain members of the
fir.-t Michigan cavalry, praying that soldiers
of that regiment discharged in Utah Territory
and not furnished transportation, may be paid
their actual traveling expenses home, and a
communication from the Governor of Michi-
gan on tlie same subject, submitted a report
accompanied by a joint resolution (S. R. No.
138) for the relief of the first regiment Michi-
gan cavalry. The joint resolution was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be print ed.
Mr. HENDERSON, from tlio Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, to whom was teferred a bill (S.
No. 411) fixing tlie compensation of officers,
clerics, messengers, and others in the service
of the Senate, reported u bill (S. No. 443) fix-
ing the compensation of officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others in the service of the Senate
and House of Representatives, and for other
purposes; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five thousand extra copics of the report of the
Secretary of the Navy on interoceanie railroads
and canals, report it with an amendment redu-
cing the number to two thousand five hundred.
I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the res-
olution, as amended, was adopted, as follows :
Resolved, That two thousand five hundred addi-
tional copies of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy on interoceanic railroads and canals, with the
accompanying maps, be printed and bound for the
use of the Senate.
alabama and florida railroad.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate joint resolution No.
134.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 134) extending time to
the Alabama and Florida Railroad Company
for the payment of duties on railroad iron was
read the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The object is to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to extend a
credit of live years to the Alabama and Flor-
ida Kailroad Company for the duties upon a
sufficient quantity of railroad iron and fasten-
ings to relay the track of that railroad from
Pensacola, Florida, to the Alabama State line,
a distance of thirty-seven miles, the company
giving satisfactory security for the payment of
the duties within the tenn. of five years, with
semi-annual interest thereon at the rate of six
per cent, in gold, and the iron and fastenings
are to be used for no other purpose until the
duties are paid in full.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
joint resolution in lino five, after the words
'■'Alabama and Florida Railroad Company,"
by inserting " of Florida.''
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That addi-
tion will lie made, no objection being inter-
posed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
william p. wingate.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I move to take up a little
joint resolution in relation to the settlement
of the accounts of William P. Wingate, col-
lector at the port of Bangor, Maine.
The m'otion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. E. No. 123) in relation to the
settlement of the accounts of William P. Win-
gate, collector at the port of Bangor, Maine,
was read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It recites that cer-
tain goods (molasses and salt) were imported
by Fisk & Dale, Josiab Towle, and Morse &
Co., and held in bond at the custom-house
in Bangor, Maine, on the 2d day of May, 1864,
and were on that day released and withdrawn
upon payment of the duties imposed thereon
prior to the enactment of the joint resolution
of April 29, 18G4, the collector not then having
received official notice of such enactment; that
the collector is now charged with fifty per cent,
additional to the amount already paid upon those
goods, and claims to hold the importers to pay
it to him. It is therefore proposed to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury in the settlement of
the accounts of William P. Wingate, collector
at the port of Bangor, Maine, not to exact from
him the payment of the additional duty of fifty
'percent, imposed by the jointresolutionof April
29, 1864, on the merchandise withdrawn for
consumption by the partie'. named on the 2d
day of May, 1804, and to jrder thrf cancella-
tion of the several bonds given by the import-
ers in those cases.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Upon investigation it is
found that the duties were paid after the pas-
sage of the resolution of April 2'J, 1864, in-
creasing them fifty per cent, without exacting
the fifty per cent. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, having authority to release, did not release
bfecause the collector had a telegraphic notice
that such a resolution had passed; and the
collector not being released himself, he held
the parties who had paid the duties liable. 1 he
Government subsequently restored the old du-
ties upon these articles, and these parties who
had obtained the articles had them on hand
when the duties were made the same as they
were before, and they got no advantage by the
advanced duties and were compelled to sell
the goods as they would have been if there had
been no fifty per cent, advance upon duties.
In all other cases of this description the Gov-
ernment has released the parties, and the Fi-
nance Committee thought it was equitable that
the accounts of the collector at Bangor should
be settled by the Secretary of the Treasury,
with authority to release the persons whom he
held responsible for the additional duties. I
think it is equitable and just that it should be
done.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
post route bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ments to the post route bill that are now pend-
ing on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 775) to establish certain post roads.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be resumed at the point
where it was interrupted on the last day when
it was before the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads proposed to strike out from line two
hundred and thirty-eight to line two hundred
and fifty-one, under the head of " Minnesota,''
as follows:
From Milton via Swan Lake, to Blue Earth City.
From Sauk Centre, via Westport, Lake Amelia,
Reno City, Lake Tokua, to Fort Wads worth.
From little Falls, via long Prairie, to Alexandria.
From Saint Peter, via Lake Prairie, Kelso, and
Drydcn, to New Aubern.
From Shakopee, via Maple Glen, New Dublin,
New Market, and Cedar Lake, to Oral.
From Shakopee, viaMarystown, Lydia, and Helena,
to Oral.
From Winona, via Home, Arcadia,, Gilmantown,
Mondovia, Landon's, and Eau Claire, to Chippewa
Falls.
And to insert the following :
From Shakopee to Excelsior.
From Montorville, by Yernon, Waltham, and
Mower City, to Austin.
From Buffalo, by Maple Lake, to Fair Haven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
two hundred and fifty-six, two hundred and
fifty-seven, and two hundred and fifty-eight, as
follows
From Milton, via Swan Lalce, to Blue Eartli.
FromBlueEarth City, viaFairmount, Jackson,and
Sioux Falls, to Yankton, in Dakota Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
two hundred and sixty to two hundred and
sixty-seven, as follows:
From Watertown, via "Wmstead and Bergen, to
Ilencoe.
From Hastings, via New Frier and Cannon Falls,
'toKenyon.
From 1 hitehinson, via Cedar, Greenleaf, Kandigohi,
and Irvintr, to Torah.
From Henderson, via Arlington, New Auburn,
Witadcw Lake, and Fort Wadaworth, in Dakota Ter-
ritory, to Fort Rice, on Missouri river.
The amendment was agreed to.
