2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
to the States where there has been 110 martiallaw.
Although this section of the statute will have
validity, I have no doubt, in all those sections
where martiallaw has prevailed, and where the
courts have been overturned and military law
has prevailed, and operate as a good defense;
yet, when yon come to apply it in those States
where the courts have been open all the while,
and declare that it is to be a perfect and com-
plete defense independent of whether the act
is done corruptly, maliciously, or oppressively,.
£ have very serious doubts as to the constitu-
tional power to do it. I want to have it so
that the effect will be to defend our officers in
Wisconsin. It is an additional provision which
I wish to add to the first section, so as to apply
tn California and Wisconsin as well as in the
States where they have been acting under mili-
tary orders in the rebellion.
Mr. CONNESS. I feel under great, obliga-
tions to the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
for taking care of California, of course, but I
thought I was right when I rose before, and
that the Senator did not intend to ask for a
vote on his amendment now as a question pend-
ing. It is easily understood, and does not re-
quire a discussion by legal gentlemen. We have
listened here all day to a discussion of legal
questions. It has been of great interest, but
there is no legal question involved in the propo-
sition that is before the Senate now, and I trust
we shall have a vote upon that, and then for
one I am ready to vote -upon the proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the close of the first
section:
Nor for any act done with cruelty or unnecessary
severity.
I do not think that I need explain this amend-
ment. The chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary thinks that the class of cases contem-
plated by my amendment will not be included
within this bill, anyhow ; but it is well enough
to make it certain. If this amendment be
adopted, it will make the last clause of the
section read:
But no such order By force of this act. or the act
to which this is an amendment, shall be adefense to
any suit or action for any act done or omitted to be
done after the passage of this act, nor for any act
done with cruelty or unnecessary severity.
Mr. CLARK. I doubt the propriety of adopt-
ing this amendment, here, as it refers to the act
that we passed in 18G3 as well as to this. I
think that is the meaning of the law, that a
court would not hold a man to be exculpated
under an order of that kind if he exercised
unnecessary cruelty. I think it had better stand
as it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
New Hampshire is entirely right. If we now
say that the law shall not apply to this, another
Senator may propose that it shall not apply to
some other "thing, and so on. Of course it will
not apply to such a case as is supposed. This
law, like all others, is to receive a reasonable
and fair construction ; and no court would hold
that a man is to be protected in excessive cru-
elty in the execution of an order. That is not
a fair meaning of the law. None of us would
justify such things. If we eommcnce making
this class of exceptions, I do not know where
it will stop. I think the amendment had better
not be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it had better be
adopted. The other day the Senator from Illi-
nois made a very able argument to the Senate,
assuming, in the first place, that the law of the
land was as he proposed to declare it, and yet
because it was not entirely clear, because there
was some difference of opinion upon it, he pro-
posed to declare what the law was. That was
in relation lo the citizenship of the colored peo-
ple of this country. He admitted that they
wore citizens already, but there was a dispute
about it, and so that there should be no ques-
tion about it thereafter, he proposed the law ;
therefore, he said that the veto of the Presi-
dent ought to be overruled. Now, sir, I say
that it is not altogether clear. Does Congress
intend to defend men who have gone on under
orders of superior officers and done things
cruelly and with unnecessary severity ? Do you
intend to step between the injured man and the
wrong-doer when he pretends to defend him-
self under an order of a superior officer, if he
has executed that order with cruelty and unne-
cessary severity? xVlthough the law may pos-
sibly be construed, as the Senator says, yet
there is no objection to saying so. It will not
cost so much to print these words, if the Sen-
ate wants them in the bill. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The _yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the vote is taken
I would suggest to the Senator from Indiana
that his amendment perhaps only covers per-
sonal wrongs. I should like him to amend it
so as to comprehend also property.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Insert " maliciously or."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will modify it by
inserting "with malice." The amendment
now reads " nor for any act done with malice,
cruelty, or unnecessary-severity."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Norton, Polfind, Ram-
sey, Saulsbury, Sprague, Van Winkle, Willey, and
Yates—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cragin, Foster, Howard, Kirkwood. Nye, Pom-
eroy. Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, "Wade, Williams,
and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Creswell. Davis,
Dixon, Fessendcn, G-rimes, Harris. Lane of Kansas,
MeDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Kiddle, Sherman, and
Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That amendment, I
think, substantially covers the same point
which was embraced in the amendment I pro-
posed to offer; so I shall not offer mine.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in and ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY and Mr. HENDRICKS
called for the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SPRAGOE, (when the name of Mr.
Laxe. of Kansas, was called.) The Senator
from Kansas, who sits next to me, desired me
to say that he is paired off with the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Riddle.] If present,
he would vote in favor of the passage of this
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was requested by the
Senator from California [Mr. McDougall] to
say that if he were here to vote he would vote
in the negative.
The result was announced—yeas 80, nays 4;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cragin. Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Henderson,
Howard. Howe.Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of In-
diana. Morgan, Norton. Nye, Poland, Pomeroy. Ram-
sey, Sprague, Stewart.Sumner. Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, Wade. Willey. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—3U.
NAY'S—Messrs.Buckalew,Guthrie, Hcndrick3, and
Sau! 4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Creswell. Davis,
Dixon, Fessendcn, Grimes, Harris, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall,Mori ill, Nesmith, Kiddle,Sherman, and
Wright—15.
So the bill was passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 500) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the public printing for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1806;
A bill (II. R. No. 504) for the relief of
Ishmael Day; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 11-3) for the
relief'of John Wells<& Sons, of Baltimore.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had pa. .sed the bill
(S. No. 150) for the relief of Theodore G.
Eiswald.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 89, returned from the House of
Representatives with an amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (S. No. 89) to issue
American registers to the steam vessels Michi-
gan, Despatch, and William K. Muir.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was in line four of the Senate amend-
ment to strike out the words "now called the
Roamer."
Mr. CHANDLER. "I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (H. R. No. 500) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the public printing for the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1860—to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 504) for the relief of
Ishmael Day—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 115) for the
relief of John Wells & Sons, of Baltimore—to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 20, 18GB.
| The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
! by Rev. George F. Magoux, President of Iowa
i College.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the regular or-
der of business the calling of committees for
reports of a private nature, commencing with
the Committee on Mines and Mining.
additional clerk.
Mr. ROLLINS, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, offered the following resolution :
Resolved, That theSergeant-at-Armsbe allowed to
employ an additional clerk in his office during the
present session of Congress at a salary of $126 per
month.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the occasion of
this resolution?
Mr. ROLLINS. This resolution was referred
to the Committee of Accounts several weeks
ago, and after careful examination the commit-
tee came to the unanimous conclusion that it
was best that the allowance should be made of
an additional clerk during the present session.
He asked for an annual appointment, but the
committee recommend it only during the pres-
ent session, which will be for a very short time.
I have a letter from the Sergeant-at-Arms,
which I will send to the desk and have read.
Mr. UPSON. When does the clerkship
commence?
Mr. ROLLINS. During the present ses-
sion.
Mr. UPSON. At the beginning of it, or
now?
Mr. ROLLINS. Let the resolution be read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. ROLLINS. I will modify it by having
it read " from and after the 1st of April."
