1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Seegeant-at-Akms's Office,
House op Representatives,
Washington, D. c., March 7, 1866.
Sib: I have the honor to submit the following
reasons why the resolution introduced by Hon.
G- W. Anderson, chairman of the Committee on
Mileage, and referred to your committee, authoriz-
ing the employment of an additional clcrk in my
office, should receive the favorable consideration of
the committee and of the House:
The clerical labor incident to the present system
of keeping deposit accounts with each member, with
the necessary checks and daily balance-sheets, and
the collection and payment of the internal revenue
tax, lias more than doubled since the passage of the
revenue law. ,
In addition to the above increased labor at the
present time, an examination of former "mileage
reports" and routes, in order to enable the commit-
tee to equalize the mileage lists, has thrown so much
additional laborupon thisofflcethatthepresentforco
of one clerk and one messenger cannot properly do
the work.
I would therefore earnestly request that I may be
allowed one additional clerk, with a salary of $1,500
per annum. This increased expenditurewill amount
to but little more than the percentage allowed to
collectors on the same amount of revenue that is col-
lected and paid into the Treasury from this office, for
which I cannot by law receive any compensation.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
N. G. ORDWAY,
Scrgeant-at- Arms House of lieprcsciitatives.
Hon. E. H. Rollins,
Chairman of Committee of Accounts.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no particular objection to the passage of this
resolution for the employment of this additional
officer, provided that it is necessary, but I wish
to bring to the attention of the House the fact
that there is now employed, or rather engaged,
in the post office, a lad who is very efficient and
industrious, working from early morning till
late at night, and there is no provision, I un-
derstand, lor his payment. I desire, therefore,
knowing the services of this lad, having it
directly under my own observation, to add an
amendment that the postmaster be authorized,
from this date until otherwise ordered, to pay-
that lad the wages of a page upon the lloor of
this House.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know the circumstances under which
this lad is employed.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. By no
authority, as I understand; but he Is the son
of the postmaster of the House, and the em-
ployes not being equal to the service required,
this lad volunteered to assist. He takes a deep
interest in the discharge of the duties, and is
very faithful.
Mr. CONKLING. What does he do ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. He de-
livers the mail at my house every morning, and
he is engaged during the day every thirty min-
utes in carrying the mails out from this office
to the sub-offices in the city.
Mr. CONKLING. I should not like to say
anything by way of complaint of the post office,
or of anybody who delivers the mail. But if
the person to whom the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] refers as delivering
his mail is the same who delivers, or omits to
deliver, my mail, I hope that a very moderate
compensation will be fixed.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire of the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr.
Coxklixg] if it is a boy who delivers his mail.
Mr. CONKLING. lam sure I do not know.
It must be a very small boy that delivers it
sometimes, so small that with the naked eye
we have very great difficulty in finding him.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know anything
about this small boy that is spoken of as being
in the post office of this House. But I do know
that we had there one of the best mon'I ever
knew, by the name of William Tudge; and I
know that almost every member of this House
signed an application to the postmaster of this
House to continue him in that office. And I
know that the postmaster in place of that turned
him out. Now, I would like to have some bet-
ter reason assigned for giving additional force
to the postmaster, before l-give any more
patronage to a man who thu? abuses it.
Mr. ROLLINS. It is evident that members
want to discuss everything but the resolution
pending before the House. I decline to yield
to anyfurtherdiscussion of other matters. If any
gentleman has any remarks upon this resolu-
tion I will yield.
Mr. ANCONA. I would inquire of the Chair
how this resolution came before the House.
The SPEAKER. It was reported regularly
from the Committee pi Accounts when it was
called in its order.
Mr. ROLLINS. The resolution was intro-
duced, I believe, by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Smith,] and referred by order of
the House to the Committee of Accounts. After
a careful examination by the committee they
have reported unanimously in favor of the res-
olution as modified. The duties imposed upon
the clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms, as stated in
the letter he has submitted to the committee,
are nearly double, in my judgment, what they
formerly were. And all who are familiar with
the duties devolved upon that clerk will readily
come to the conclusion, I think, that this request
is just.
Mr. FINCIv. I am opposed to the passage>
of this resolution ; I do not believe that there
is any necessity whatever for the appointment
of an additional clerk in the Sergeant-at-Arms's
office. It is known to the members of this
House that the duties of the Sergeant-at-Arms's
office, over since its organization, have been car-
ried on with the same force that it has at pres-'
ent. The Sergeant-at-Arms of this House has
been favored with the services of an assistant
of the highest business character aud qualifi-
cations. He keeps the books and the accounts
of the members. And if another clerk is added
he will not aid the clerk now there in any
respect whatever.
It is very well known to this House that
during the Thirty-Eighth Congress no more
force was in the office of the Sergeant-at-Arms
than there is there at present. Now, from my
observation of that office, and the business con-
nected with it, I have no hesitation in stating
that the present force is sufficient to discharge
all the duties of that office. If they do not
now receive sufficient compensation, then bring
in a proposition to give them a greater com-
pensation. But if you appoint an additional
clcrk for this session of Congress, he will be
continued during the next session, and it will
be followed as a precedent hereafter. I hope
the resolution will not pass.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a word or two in reply to what has been
said by mv colleague, [Mn Stevens.] I desire
to say to him that two wrongs do not make a
right. Because this clerk, Mr. Tudge, was re-
moved, that is no reason why this boy should
not be paid. I joined with others in the rec-
ommendation that Mr. Tudge should be re-
tained; perhaps that was one reason for his
removal; I do not know how that is. But here
is a boy employed, and I ask simply that he
shall be paid for his services the same wages
that are given to our pages.
Mr. ROLLINS. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman that he can best accomplish his object
by introducing an independent resolution, and
having it referred to the committee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Very
well; I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROLLINS. I believe it is necessary
for the proper management of the affairs of the
office of the Sergeant-at-Arms that he should
have this additional assistance.
Mr. SMITH. I do not wish to have attrib-
uted to myself anything that belongs to another,
and especially I do not wish to steal the thunder
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ander-
son.] He, not I, introduced this resolution.
Mr. ROLLINS. Yes, the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Anderson,] the chairman of
the Committee on Mileage, introduced the
resolution.
Mr. ANDERSON. I desire that the pas-
sage of this resolution shall not be affected by
the indorsement of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Smith.] [Laughter.]
Mr. ROLLINS. I wish to state also for the
consideration of the House, that the matter of
mileage kas occasioned additional labor on the
part of the Sergeant-at-Arms. During the last
session, before the matter of mileage was prop-
erly adjusted, the Sergeant-at-Arms advanced
mileage to various members, trusting to cir-
cumstances for his pay. I move the previous
question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ay§s 51, noes 33 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, "Ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Rollins and
Ancona.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 06, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; which was
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. FINCK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FINCK called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSENGER IS HOUSE LIBRARY.
Mr. ROLLINS, from the Committee of
Accounts, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the pay of William H. Smith, mes-
senger in the House library, be, and tne same is
hereby, increased to $2 50 per day, beginning Febru-
ary 1,1860.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from New Hampshire to yield to
me, that we may do an act of justice to a col-
ored boy connectcd with the bathing-room who
faithfully waits upon all the visitors there.
Mr. ROLLINS. I yield to the gentleman
for the purpose of offering an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the resolution by adding the following:
And that Sandy Bruce, jr., be allowed at the rate
of SI 50 per day for his services in the bath-room,
commcncing with the present session.
Mr. ROLLINS called for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. IIOLLINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
isiimael day.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Ishmael
Day, praying compensation for the destruction
of his property by rebel raiders on the 12th
of April, 1864, reported a bill for the relief
of Ishmael Day; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that, as
a recognition of the heroism of Islimael Day,
of Baltimore county, Maryland, and as com-
pensation for the loss of all his property in
defending the national flag from an attack by
rebel raiders on the 12th day of July, 18G4,
there be paid to Ishmael Day, annually from
July 12, 1804, during his life, the sum of
$421 50, to be paid in semi-annual payments.
The report, which was read, states that the
petitioner, aged seventy-two years, and loyal
to the Government of the United States, had
his property, consisting of a dwelling-house,
out-houses,"and personal property, to the value
of $7,025, burned and destroyed on July 12,
1804, under the following circumstances:
Early on the morning of that day, as was
his custom, he elevated and unfurled the flag
' of the United States in front of his door-steps
as an insignia of his principles. Soon there-
after, while it was waving there, one hundred
and fifty of Gilmore's raiders approached tlic
premises, while two of the men in advance of
the main squad of the enemy, seized the flag-
staff and jerked it down, cursing and' calling
