1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3027
orable member who offered it, and who I sup-
pose offered it with the concurrence of some
of his friends who are in favor of the measure
as it originally stood, I think stated to us the
other day that it did not substantially change
the provisions to be found in the second sec-
tioivof the original proposition. What I sug-
gested to him then I propose very briefly to
suggest now, that perhaps in that he is mis-
taken ; and as, in common with every Senator,
I am, as I should be, desirous of having these
constitutional amendments made as plain as
language can make them, so as to avoid the
evils sure to result from the existence of any
ambiguity, I suggest that 1 think it will be found
that the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon is obnoxious to a very serious objection,
and goes very much further than the original
proposition for which ho proposes it as a sub-
stitute. The language of the substitute, as far
as the exceptions to which the general rule
which it states at the same time is to be sub-
ject, is, that " whenever the right to vole at any
election held under the Constitution and laws
of the United States, or of any State, is denied
to any of the male inhabitants of such State,"
&c., they are to be deducted from the number
which is to constitute the basis of apportion-
ment. The language of the original proposi-
tion was, that "whenever, in any State, the
elective franchise shall be denied to any por-
tion of its male inhabitants, being citizens of
the United States, not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abridged," &c.,
then the basis is to be reduced in the propor-
tion that the number excluded shall bear to the
whole number of that age and of that sex.
Now, 1 think it will be found (and in that I
believe 1 have the concurrence of several mem-
bers of the Senate who are in favor of the prop- j
osition as it was originally presented) that the !
effect of the amendment is to change the basis j
by deducting from the number which is to eon- I
stitute the basis, any portion of that number, I
of twenty-one years of age, wdio are citizens 1
of the United States, who shall be denied the
right to vote at any election under the consti-
tution or laws of any State. In all the States
there arc elections of a municipal character
that are regulated by law, and in which the
franchise is different from that which prevails
in the general elections of the State ; and the
consequence would bo that where any persons
who are twenty-one years of age are denied
the right to vote the basis of representation is
to bo lessened in the proportion that the num-
ber excluded shall bear to the whole number
falling within the class. I do not know what
would be the condition of the State of Missouri,
for example, if the amendment is to be adopted.
I rather think that she would lose very mate-
rially by this amendment, in her representation ;
and 1 think the same tiling would be found true
of the State of Ohio, and I suppose of nearly
all the States in the Union. What I suggest;
therefore, to the honorable member and to the
Senate is, that the phraseology of this amend-
ment, if it is to prevail, shall be so changed as
to leave it beyond doubt that all that is meant
is to except out of the whole number of inhab-
itants of the age of twenty-one years or upward,
who are citizens of the State, those who are
denied the right to vote at any State election,
as contradistinguished from any municipal or
local election. Without such a qualification
I am sure it will lead to very serious doubts,
and it may lead, as those doubts may be solved,
to a very serious diminution of the representa-
tion of several of the States.
What I am about to say upon the merits of
the rule itself, whether that rule is found in
the amendment or found in the original prop-
osition, will be said as briefly as I can say it,
and more for the purpose of explaining to my
own constituents the ground of the reasons for
the vote which I propose to give than with any
hope of influencing the opinions of any member
of the Senate who is now in favor of the prop-
osition. It comes before us in such a shape
and under such circumstances that it is not to
be expected, as I think, that those who were
consulted, who deliberated upon, and who ad-
vised the measure in the form in which it stands,
eau bo persuaded of the error of that measure
in any particular by anything which may fall
from a Senator who is opposed to the entire
proposition.
The Constitution of the United States, as it
now is, in the second section of the first article
provides for the manner in which the appor-
tionment is to be made of Representatives in
Congress. It is made to depend upon the whole
number of the people found in each State ; and
in relation to the propriety of such an appor-
tionment there did not exist in the Convention
by whom the provision as it now stands was
adopted, any doubt. In the fifty-fourth num-
ber of the Federalist, attributed, whether cor-
rectly or not, to Mr. Hamilton—there is some
doubt whether he or Sir. Madison was its au-
thor—in recommending the adoption of the
Constitution to the people of the Tj nitcd States,
and commenting upon the manner in which the
apportionment was to be made, as well as the
manner in which taxes were to be levied, it is
said:
"It is not contended that the number of people in
each State oussht not to be the standard for regulat-
ing the proportion of those who aro to represent the-
people of each State."
That rule in the same paper was said to be
one "referring to the personal rights of the
people, with which it has a natural and univer-
sal connection;" and the only doubt which
existed in the minds of the Convention or any
member of the Convention upon the subject
was not whether numbers was not the true
rule by which the basis was to be ascertained,
but whether the slaves of the southern Stales
should be considered as a portion of those
numbers; and that doubt arose because the
southern States insisted that the shneswere
property, and the North, while recognizing the
existence of property in slaves, thought it un-
just that the slaves should bo considered at all
in apportioning the number of iiepresentatives
to \vhich the States where the slaves might be
found should be entitled. The result was,
after quite a struggle upon the subject, a com-
promise, by which taxation was to be legulated
and by which the apportionment of Hep; csent-
atives was to be regulated by counting hve
slaves as only equal to three freemen.
But, I repeat, neither then nor at any time
since, until now, did it ever occur to anybody
that in a form of government like ours the
basis of representation was not to depend upon
the entire number of the people to be repre-
sented; and in this amendment that is admit-
ted to be the true basis. It provides, both as
it was originally proposed by the committee by
whom it was reported and as it is proposed to
be amended by the honorable member from
Oregon, that Iiepresentatives shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be
included within the Union according to their
respective numbers, counting the whole num-
ber of persons in each State and excluding
Indians not taxed. So that the honorable
committee and the friends of this particular
measure give their sanction to that as the true
rule. They stand upon the ground on which
our fathers stood when they adopted a rale of
the same description in the Constitution, as it
now stands, that numbers are to regulate rep-
resentation. The only question, therefore,
which the particular amendment suggests is,
whether it is right to quality the operation of
that general rule as is proposed to be done by
this provision.
Now, what is the qualification? Only that
persons twenty-one years of age inhabiting each
State, and being citizens of the United States,
whose right to the exercise of the elective fran-
chise is denied or in any way abridged, except
in certain exceptions to which 1 shall refer after
awhile, are to be deducted from the whole
number, and the basis is to consist of what may
remain. But the friends of the measure aro
not willing—1 say not willing because that is
not the effect of the amendment—-to subject
the rule which they themselves admit to be
just to the general qualification which a gen-
eral provision of that sort would make; and
they therefore except from the operation of
that qualification certain classes. \\ ho arc they?
I say they except by not including, for all per-
sons not included within this exception are
acknowledged within the scope of the general
rule of numbers. Now, who are to be found
in the States? First, aliens; second, women,
black and white, now all the blacks are free ;
third, minors, those under twenty-one years
of age, white and black; fourth, those who
may have participated "in rebellion or other
crimes." Then what will be the operation of
the section if we adopt it? It will be that all
aliens are to be represented, all women are to
be represented, all minors are to be repre-
sented, and all rebels are to be represented.
Why is that? This is to go before the people.
How will the objection bo answered, as it is
certain to bo made before the people, when the
authors of this measure are asked, why suffer
the women and minors to be represented, why
suffer aliens to be represented, and, above all,
why suffer rebels to be represented, and not
suffer loyal men to be represented ? How will
it be answered, I mean to au unimpassioned
judgment; I mean to a people who it is to be
hoped will not be influenced by the excitement
of party pasMon or by the prejudices growing
out of the sad conflict, through which we have
triumphantly come ? It is to be only answered
upon the ground that tile provision is necessary
to secure to the black man the franchise. Is
that any answer? Isit any answer that because
you cannot acquire for the blaclc man the right
to the franchise he is to be denied the right of
being represented? Your own theory is, as it
was of jour fathers, that all should be repre-
sented without, reference to color, the black as
well as the white. The black is a freeman. That
is your theory. But the effect of the exception
is to deny to the black man the right of repre-
sentation unless the State shall secure to him
the right to the franchise.
Again, Mr. President, the measure upon the
table, like the first, proposition submitted to
the Senate from the committee offiiieeu, con-
cedes to the States—and that was one of the
grounds upon which the honorable member
from Massachusetts [Mr. Si'.mneb] voted and
spoke against that proposition—not only the
right, but the exclusive right, to regulate the
franchise. His theory was that under the
Constitution as it now stands, Congress has
the authority to regulate the franchise in the
States; and his objection to the original prop-
osition, to which I have just adverted, was
that, if adopted, it would surrender that right
which he supposed to exist; and yet I im-
agine it is barely possible that he may vote for
the section as it now stands ; and what does it
do? It says that each of the southern .States,
and, of course, each other Stale in the Union,
has a right to regulate for itself the franchise,
and that consequently, as far as the Govern-
ment. of the United States is concerned, if the
black man is not permitted the right to the
franchise, it will be a wrong (if a wrong)
which the Government of the United States
will be impotent to'redress.
I see no difference, not the slightest, be-
tween the proposition as it now stands, so far
as this section i-s concerned, and the original
proposition which wo rejected. I call the at-
tention of my friend from Massachusetts, to
whom I referred just now, to the language of
the original proposition reported to us by the
committee of fifteen on the "1st of January
last. It says that Representatives shall be
apportioned among the several States, &c.;
"provided, that whenever the elective fran-
chise shall be denied or abridged in any State
on account of racc or color, all persons of such
race or color shall be excluded from the basis
of representation.'' A\ hat does this do? The
words "race or color" are omitted. Why. if
I was an eastern man, I might guess; but no
matter what may have been the particular mo-
tive for the omission of the words, the effect
of the proposition is idontieal with that of the
