1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Sumner,] and even to a greater extent in that
particular the Senator who spoke yesterday
from Nevada, [Mr, Nye,] have discussed the
question which I am about to examine as if we
were living under but one Government, owing
but one allegiance, a Government not only par-
amount witfiin any prescribed limits, but para-
mount everywhere without limitation, capable
of doing everywhere what any Government,
national in point of character, can do within
its domains. Is that true, Mr. President?
When the thirteen colonies determined to re-
sist what they considered the tyrannical usurpa-
tions of England and declared themselves free
and independent, and succeeded in achieving
that independence, each for itself became as
absolutely a nation as itis possible for any peo-
ple to be. They professed to have no superior;
they claimed perfcet and absolute nationality
as separate and distinct people, competent to
do in peace or in war what any people under
any form of government, was competent to do
in that condition. Finding it necessary, how-
ever, I o have some form of general government,
they adopted for that pupose the Articles of Con-
federation, and in those articles not only did
not devolve upon that Government any powers
inconsistent with their absolute sovereignty,
but cautiously guarded against a possibility of
an inference of that kind by saying that all
the powers not. expressly granted to the Gov-
ernment created by the Articles of Confedera-
tion were still lo be considered as remaining
in the scleral States; and they did more. The
form of government, if government it could be
called, which those articles cicated was in one
sense uo governmenl at all. It constituted
but. a compact; it amounted but to a league;
and all the powers, whatever they were, con-
ferred upon it were powers t.o be exerted not
upon the individual citizen anywhere directly,
hut upon the individual through the State gov-
ernments. The capital vice of such a govern-
ment, as experience soon dcinonstraled, was
that it was unable lo perform the limelions for
which governments are created ; and the men
of that day becoming convinced of that fact,
recommended to the American people the
Constitution under which wo now live, which,
for the execution of its own powers, looks to
no Slate interference, to no State assistance,
but to the direct, responsibility of each individ-
ual citizen, to the Government, within the limit
of the (lowers conferred upon the Government.
liut.it, did not. pass by the States altogether.
It not only did not, design t,o impair in any
manner, except, to (be extent of the powers
expiessh delegated or existing by implication
from those c\pt'e--.,l\ delegated, the sovereignly
of the States, but in order to place, the contin-
uing existence of that sovereignly beyond all
doubt, and exempt it. from the hazard of a pos-
sible implication that there might bo found in
some clause in the Constitution a feature which
in tlie future might be construed to impair the
sovereignly of the States, they, by an amend-
ment soon after adopted, declared that all the
powers not conferred were reserved to the
States or the people. And in the clause relied
upon by the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, winch gives to Congress the authority
to pass all laws that may be necessary and
proper, that power is limited to such laws only
as maybe found necessary and proper to carry
out the express or implied powers.
Now, Mr. President, is the Government
Crealed by that, Constitution a national Gov-
ernment? Xot if the men oi' the day when it
was adopted knew what its character was. It
was parti} national and partly Federal. Its
adoption, the very act of its adoption, the
very maimer provided for its adoption, demon-
strates that in the judgment of the men of that,
day it was not a national Government. Its ap-
proval or rejection was submitted to the people
of the several States respectively. The effect
of the concurrence of the people of each, of the
Staled iii a number necessary according1 to the
provisions of the Constitution to give it actual
being is another matter; but as far as relates
to the act of adopting the Co&atilutipn, the peo-
ple of the States considered and judged_ sep-
arately. It was not adopted by a majority of
the people of the United States. It might have
been adopted by the required number of States,
and yet not have met the approval of a major-
ity of the people of the United States. The
Senate wiil find upon refreshing their memories
on the subject that the character of the Gov-
ernment is slated with his accustomed perspi-
cuity by Mr Madison, the author of the thirty-
ninth number of the Federalist. I forbear to
read many of the passages which relate to the
particular question, and will content myself
with reading the paragraph at the close of the
number:
"The proposed Constitution, therefore, even when
tested by the rules lnid clown by its antagonist;, is, in
strictness, neither a national nor a FederatConstitu-
tion. but a composition of both. In its foundation,
it is Federal, not national; in the souices tiom which
the ordinary powers of the Government are rlrnwn it
is partly Federal and partly national; in^the opera-
tion of these powers it is national, not Federal; in
the extent of them, ;uwin, i t is Federal, not national;
and finally, in the authoritative mode of introducing
amendments, it is neither wholly Federal nor wholly
national."
That is obvious from this consideration: that
the machinery of the Government, that with-
out which it cannot continue at all, involves
the existence of States. This body cannot be
convened, and without it there can be no Con
gross, except by the votes of States. TliaL is
very clear. The provision is express that Sen-
ators are to be chosen by the States through
their Legislatures; and no provision is made
for any other mode under any possible state of
circumstances by which they can be chosen.
States, therefore, are absolutely necessary to
the very existence of the Go\ernmeiil. You
can no more administer Ihe Government with- >
out States than you would be able to adininis- ,
tor the. Government without people ; and t here- j
fore, he who seeks to blot out of existence a
Stale, strikes a blow at the very life of the Gov-
ernment. It, may live, although ono be stricken
out of existence; it may live though eleven bo
stricken out of existence ; but the blow at tho
Government, although not absolutely fatal, ac-
cording to the hypothesis of fact which I have
supposed, is no less a fatal blow. If the men
by whom that Constitution was framed had
been asked if they contemplated as possible a
contingency when any of the existing States
should cease to exist, they would have said no,
because the continuing, wholesome existence
of the Government, depends upon the continu-
ing existence of the Stati s. The General Gov-
ernment is iiiiinitely more dependent upon the
States llian the States are upon the General
Government. Why do 1 say so? Honorable
members who have been engaged in this debate
seem to suppose thai all ihe political questions
which can possibly arise, all the measures which
it may be necessary to adopt, in order to secure
the prosperity and freedom of the people, are
with Congress. That is not so. Not only is there
a large mass of power necessary to be exerted
in order to secure prosperity and peace and
protection to the individual citizen, secured to
the States, but the far larger mass of power
belongs lo the Stales. The whole subject of
contracts as between man and man, the mode
of disposing of personal property, the mode of
disposing of real estate, the mode of devising
real and personal est ale, the law of marriage,
the judicial jurisdiction over these several sub-
jects of intimate concern to the interest of in-
dividuals, is with (lie Stales.
Not only is the power of the Government
limited as far as regards its legislative depart-
ment, but it is equally limited in relation to its
judicial department, and we should in vain
search in that department of the Government
for any authority to adjudicate upon tho infi-
nite variety of transactions which take place as
between man and man in the States. The Gov-
ernment deals with external affairs, with mat-
ters involving the interests of the States inter
se, with contracts entered into by the individ-
uals of the several States, and it confers all
measures of that description, and all judicial
power over controversies arising out of meas-
uresof.that description, upon this Government,
but there it stops. Jurisdiction of all cases in
law and equity—I cite the language literally,
certainly substantially—arising under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States and
treaties made in pursuance of their authority
is conferred upon the judicial department of
the Government; but nothing else. Then what
is to become of the interest of the people of
the several States if they have no government
of their own? Anarchy, unless (a proposition
which I propose to examine) as far as the par-
ticular crisis in which wo now are is concerned,
those States are reduced to the condition of
Territories ; but assuming that they are now
States as contradistinguished from Territories,
then it follows that to the extent of the powers
remaining in the States, if they have no lot ill
their execution, and you have no authority
to provide for them, they are in a condition of
anarchy. To use a favorite comparison of my
friend from Massachusetts, that is as plain as
the multiplication table.
If that be plain, what would seem to be the
consequence? That the Constitution never
contemplated that the States should cease to
exist, and it above all never could have con-
templated that the Government of the United
States, under any or all the powers conferred
upon it by the Constitution, was intended to
possess under any state of circumstances the
power to put an end to a State; and yet if they
are now ended, if they have ceased to exist,
and are to bo treated as Territories, they did
provide that the Congress of the United States,
or tho Government of the United States, should
have the authority to assume over the people
of those States the right to legislate, and the
right, to adjudicate upon matters expressly re-
served to the States and the people oi' the
Slates, although such was not tire apparent
purpose, and although so far from being the
apparent purpose it was expressly disavowed,
and assume to themselves the authority to con-
vert this Governmenl into a national, as con-
tradistinguished from a Federal Government.
I do not understand my friend from Maine to
go to the extent of denying that they are to be
considered as States now, but simply that-their
relations as States to the Government have
terminated. The honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts goesa step further, and he maintains,
and did as far back as 18G2, that the effect of
the rebellion as it then existed was to reduce
the States where it prevailed to a territorial
condition. My memory, owing to ago 01- some
other cause, is not as good as it should be, and
if I am wrong the honorable member from
Massachusetts and tho honorable member from
Maine will set. me right; but I think when the
honorable member from Massachusetts an-
nounced that proposition, it was said 011 the
floor of the Senate that, perhaps he was the, only
member of the body who would be found to
support it; and yet, as the Senate'will see in a
moment, it is, if 1 understand the position taken
by most of the Senators who have spoken 011 the
other side of the Chamber, the very ground
now assumed. It is said that war existed and
the consequences of war followed, and a« one
of the consequences of war was to-put the enemy
in the hands of the conqueror, it necessarily
follows that the people of the South and the
States of the South are now at tiic footstool of
the conqueror, bound to take whatever condi-
tion he may think proper to impose, bound by
any legislation he may think proper to adopt.
What was the doctrine of the honorable member
from Massachusetts not only announced onec,
but over and over again repeated and main-
tained with all the learning for which he is
remarkable ? On the 11th of February, 1862,
that honorable member submitted to the Senate
resolutions "declaratory of the relations be-
tween-the United States and the territory once
occupied by certain Stales, and now usurped by
pretended governments without constitutional
or legal right." The preamble to those resolu-
tions was in these words;
"Whereas certain States, rightfully boloneinij to
the Union of the United States, have through their
