8988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
This is the view I take. We know what was
the action of the House, yesterday. Their pro-
ceedings have been published, and I hope we
shall take the same view which was taken by
the great body of the House. If we take the
resolution as sent to us by the House, we as-
sert substantially the same thing in the pre-
amble, without going into unnecessary details
and reasserting our right to act upon this ques-
tion. For these reasons I shall vote against
the amendment proposed, and for the resolu-
tion as it came from the House, and I hope we
shall act on it to-day and thus settle the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret, sir, that the
Senator from Ohio cannot agree to the substi-
tute which the Committee on the Judiciary
instructed me to report, and that he places his
objection to it upon the ground that the Ex-
ecutive will veto it. He says that Congress
has twice asserted all that is asserted in the
resolution as the committee propose to make
it read; and having asserted it before, he is
now for giving up his own opinion and that of
Congress, and yielding to that of the Execu-
tive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that, and
the Senator ought at least to be fair in stating
my propositions.
Air. TRUMBULL. The Senator did state
distinctly as au objection to the amendment
that we had asserted it twice, and that the
President would veto it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to know if that
does not amount to an objection to our main-
taining the position we have taken, and a sur-
render of our position because the Executive
is opposed to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I so understand it, and
I see not how any other legitimate inference
could be drawn from the remarks of the Sen-
ator. But, sir, it is known that the Executive
has asserted authority over this question of
reconstruction, and concedes to Congress noth-
ing but the right of passing upon the admission
ot members, and indeed does not concede that
to Congress but to each House separately.
Now, sir, this is a joint resolution which
comes from the House of Representatives, and
of course must go to ;he President for his ap-
proval; and what is it? It is a "joint resolu-
tion declaims; Tennessee again entitled to Sen-
ators and Representatives in Oongiess.'' Now
I say very frankly to the Senator from Ohio,
that I am opposed, decidedly opposed, to adopt-
ing a resolution simply confining Congress to
the admission of Representatives and Sena-
tors. We have jurisdiction over this whole
subject, and 1 am not for adopting a proposi-
tion merely declaring that Senators and Rep-
resentatives may come here—a matter that
Congress has nothing to do with so far as the
qualification, election, and return of a mem-
bo r is concerned. 1 agree with what is con-
tended for upon this floor by the friends of the
President, that each House must pass sepa-
rately upon the eleciior.s. qualifications, and
returns of its members; Congress has nothing
to do with that question; but what is it that
we are legislating about? It is whether the
condition of things in Tennessee, brought about
by the rebellion, so dissevered the political re-
lations between the State government of Ten-
nessee and the Government of the United
States that it lost representation here, and
whether it can have any right to representation
or any other right as a State, until we recog-
nize it. Our resolution as we report it is not
simply that 'Tennessee is entitled to Senators
and Representatives, but we report that the
government organized in Tennessee, under a
constitution which was submitted to the popu-
lar vote, and ratified, as proclaimed by Andrew
Johnson himself, "by a large popular vote,"
*s the legitimate government of the State of
Tennessee, entitled, not to representation—we
say nothing about representation—but entitled
to all the rights belonging to one of the States
of this Union. Sir, it is much broader than
the House proposition. "Entitled to repre-
sentation" of course; entitled to the guaran-
tee of a republican form of gpvernment; en-
titled to every right which the State of Ohio
or the State of Illinois hasj and, of course,
among those rights is the right of represen-
tation.
Now, sir, at this stage of the proceeding I
do not propose to be drawn into any extended
remarks; but the preamble of the House reso-
lution simply places the admission of the State
of Tennessee upon the faetof its having adopted
the constitutional amendment; thatisall. Ten-
nessee has done much more than this; she is
in a very different position from most of the
other southern States. Her constitution, I
believe, is the only one of all the constitutions
which have been adopted in the rebellious States
since the rebellion that was submitted to a
popular vote and ratified by the people. Per-
haps the same thing may have been done in
Arkansas. I am not sure but that there may
be one or two other instances.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask the Senator
at this point whether the preamble which he
has introduced here from the Committee on
the Judiciary does not in so many words assert
that the constitution of the State of Tennessee
as it now stands is not only republican in form
but conforms to the laws and the Constitution
of the United States, notwithstanding the fact
that it disfranchises the whole colored popula-
tion. Is not that the allegation of the pream-
ble?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is nothing in the
preamble about disfranchising the whole col-
ored population.
Mr. BROWN. But there is an allegation
that the constitution of the State, as it now
stands, is "republican in form."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BItOWN. I do not believe in that doc-
trine, and I cannot vote for that preamble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the
Senator from Missouri has placed himself in
a position by which he declares that his own
State constitution is not a republican one.
Mr. BROWN. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then he is not here
from a republican State at all!
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; that I may be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what
business he has hero if he is not represent-
ing one of the States of this Union having a
republican form of government!
. Mr. BROWN. will see about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Most of us are here
under republican forms of government just
like this in Tennessee. Nearly every one of
us holds his seat under a similar State consti-
tution. This constitution, as appears by a proc-
lamation of Andrew J ohnson, military governor
of Tennessee, was ratified on the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1865, by a very large popular vote. He
states in that proclamation that the amend-
ments which were proposed to the old consti-
tution and to the schedule have been adopted by
the people. That fact is recited in this pre-
amble, which is not in the House preamble.
It is also recited in the preamble that the State
of Tennessee has repudiated the rebel debt, has
abolished slavery within the State, has declared
the ordinance of secession and laws under it
null and void, all of which facts are omitted
from the recital in the House preamble; and
the resolution itself differs materially from that
adopted in the House. The House resolu-
tion makes it a point that the State of Ten-
nessee is entitled to be represented by Senators
and Representatives in Congress, duly elected
and qualified, on their taking the oath of office
required by existing laws. The Committee on
the Judiciary preferred to leave that matter
with the general declaration that this State
government which had been organized in Ten-
nessee was a legitimate State government, en-
titled to all the rights which belong to a State
government in the Union, and then it will be
left for each House to determine for itself,
when the credentials arc presented, upon the
right of nprsons who claim seats to occupy
them; and we think it is preferable to the
shaje which has been adopted by the House
of Representatives, and for that reason present
it in this form.
I do not propose to enter into any extended
remarks at this time, as I said; but I will make
one further remark in reply to the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, that the President
of the United States will necessarily veto this
resolution. I do not see how he can. Will
the President of the United States object to
Congress declaring that this very government,
which he has been insisting upon was a legiti-
mate government all the time, is legitimate ?
That is what we declare m our resolution, that
this State government, organized in Tennessee
is a legitimate State government, a govern-
ment which he himself organized a year and a
half ago, and entitled to all the rights apper-
taining to any State government in the Union.
Can it be that the Executive can have any
objection to our declaring that which he has
alleged to be a fact all the time ? But the Sen-
ator objects that we assert that it is for the
lav,'-making power to declare this. I think
so ; we have declared so ; and I am'for adher-
ing to the position that Congress has taken
upon this subject. I forbear to go into that,
because it is an extensive subject -which would
lead to extended remarks. But it-seemsto me
a proposition as clear of demonstration as any
political question can be, that it belongs to the
law-making power of this Government to deter-
mine whether a government exists in a State
that is entitled to be regarded as the legitimate
government of that State.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last few remarks
made by the Senator from Illinois convince
me that he ought to take the same view of this
matter that I do. He says that the President
will not veto this resolution  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not say he will not
veto it; I say I see no reason why he should.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask him, turning the
same argument upon him, why reassert for the
third time a proposition which the President
dissents from, merely to form the pretext of
a veto?
Sir, we have happily so far progressed with
our business on this difficult question of the
admission of the southern States, that we can
agree that the State of Tennessee is now re-
stored to her old relations to the Union, that
she has now placed her institutions in harmony
with the General Government. The President
and Congress, I hope, can agree on that simple
proposition. The House of Representatives
by an almost unanimous vote have agreed upon
this formula declaring the fact that Tennessee
is entitled to representation here, that Tennes-
see again is placed in harmony with the Gen-
eral Government. The steps by which this
state of affairs has been brought about it is
not necessary to recite in the resolution. It
is only necessary for us to declare the fact,
without going into the controverted proposi-
tions through which we have traveled during
this whole long session. The fact occurs that
the State of Tennessee now stands in a position
where by the common consent of all parties
she is entitled to representation upon this floor.
Her people have voted in favor of the consti-
tutional amendment abolishing slavery ; they
have adopted a State constitution in harmony
with our General Government. They are en-
titled to representation here. We know that
some of her representatives are thoroughly
loyal men by any test to which we can subject
them; that they are waiting to take the oath
prescribed by law; that the State has adopted
the constitutional amendment; that she has
complied with all the conditions you have im-
posed on her. The fact exists, the simple and
palpable fact, that the State of Tennessee is
entitled to be represented here by Senators and
Representatives. The House of Represent-
atives by an almost unanimous vote has de-
clared that in this formula. There is not a
word in this formula to which every Senator
cannot agree. I will read it:
Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
