THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
original proposition. The former was obnox-
ious to the honorable member from Massachu-
setts because it surrendered a right which he
made a very elaborate speech to prove, in his
judgment, existed in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to regulate the franchise, if not
always, certainly in the condition in which the
country now is. This accomplishes the same
purpose. It says to the States, "If you ex-
clude any class from the right to vote, we, ad-
mitting your power to make the exclusion, say
it shall have no other effect whatever than to
deduct the number excluded from the whole
number which is to constitute the basis of rep-
resentation. If, therefore, you exclude from
the benefit of the franchise any who are citi-
zens of the United States, and twenty-one
years or more of age, and inhabitants of the
State, who belong to any particular race, or
who are of any color contradistinguished from
the white man, w-c admit that you have a right
to exclude them, and all wo propose to do is
to say that to the extent of that exclusion your
basis of representation shall be diminished."
Now, is it not known to us all that there is
not iu any one of the southern States, and has ]
not been for years, any exclusion of any white i
man having the age and having the residence I
required by the Constitution and laws of the ,
particular Slate, from the right to the fian- j
chise; that the whole exclusion, where there 1
has been any exclusion at all, has been of the i
free blacks, and will hereafter be of all the ;
blacks, as all are now free? The whole oper- j
ation, therefore, of the proposition before yon, I
that part of it to which L am now address- j
ing myself, is to say precisely what the origi-
nal proposition of the 31st, of .lamuiry said—
"You who deny to any person belonging to
any race or color the right to vote shall have
your representation in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States lessened in the proportion t hut t he
number excluded shall bear fo the entire num-
ber." The manner of ascertaining the way :
in which the representation is diminished is '
changed in point of form, but the result is the
same. l!y the original proposition of January
31 all of the race or color were to be deducted";
by the proposition before us the deduction is
to be, in the proportion that the number ex-
cluded shall bear to the combined number of
those included and excluded within the privi-
lege of the franchise.
Let mo for a moment call the attention of
the body to what will be the operation of that
prevision. The census of 1800, and 1 believe
that is the case with all previous censuses,
does not give us the number of males of twenly-
one years of age, but it does give the number
of those who are twenty years of age and
upward.
Mr. EESSKNDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question, by way of illustration.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. hESSENDEN. Suppose there are two
hundred thousand male citizens in a State
above twenty-one years of ace, and they are
all allowed to vote; then the whole two hun-
dred thousand would be included under this
proposition as the basis.
Sir. JOHN'S OX. Certainly.
Mr. riiSSENDHN. Now, suppose the State
denies the right to vote to twenty or illty thou- ,
sand of that number, the basis is reduced pre- I
cisely in that proportion. The language is |
explicit that the basis shall be reduced in that |
proportion. j
Mr. JOHNSON. V. e shall see about that I
in a moment. It is in the proportion that the ;
number excluded bears to tho entire number ]
included and excluded. 1
Mr. hESSENDEN. No; in the proportion '
that, it bears to the whole number of male cit-
izens twenty-one years of age and upward.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course that means those !
included and excluded. I mean the whole num- ;
ber twenty-one years of age and upward. Now,
let us .see what will be the otjerntiou of the ■
amendment oif my own State. *1 will take that i
tost. In 1860. by tfce census, it appears that
Maryland had 12893/l males twenty t
years of age and upward, and that she had of
the same age 38,030 black males. The per-
centage, therefore, that tlie blacks of that age
bore to the whites was twenty-nine and five
tenths per cent. Now, in order to make my-
self understood more clearly, let me turn to
the words of the section. If any portion of
the male inhabitants of a State twenty-one
years of age and upward are denied the priv-
ilege of voting, or that privilege is in any way
abridged, then "the basis of representation in
such State shall be reduced in the proportion
which the number of such male citizens shall
bear to the whole number of male citizens not
less than twenty-one years of age." Then,
what are we to do? We are to add together
the number of whites of that age in Maryland j
and the number of blacks, and the aggregate
is 160,401 . Now. what says the section? That
the representation of Maryland is to be dimin-
ished, if she excludes all the blacks, in the
proportion that 38,030 bear to 100,401. What
is that proportion? It is nearly one fourth ; it
is exactly twenty-two and nine tenths per cent.
Let me be understood ; for if such is not the
purpose of the committee, I am sure they will
change it. The basis of representation, in the
event of an exclusion, is to be reduced ''in
the proportion which the number of such male
citizens'' who arc excluded "shall bear to the
whole number of male citizens" not less than
twenty-one. . Is it not manifest, then, that we
are to ascertain, lirst, how many white citizens
there are who are permitted to vote : second,
how many citizens there aro who are not per-
mitted to vote? 1 assumo, now, that in Mary-
land the whole number of black citizens who
might vote with the authority of Maryland will
bo_ excluded by her authority, that, number
being tin,030, and the aggregate of both classes
being 100,-101.
Having got the entire number, what is the
next step toward nscertainintr the effect, of the
proposed amendment? To ascertain the pro-
portion that the number denied the franchise
bonis to the entire number who it is assumed
ought to have the right to the franchise. In
other words, to apply it to the case of Mary-
land, the representation of Maryland is to be
diminished by diminishing the basis of her
representation in the proportion that the num-
ber of citizens excluded bears to the whole
number, as well those who arc included within
the benefit of the franchise as those who are
"excluded. Then it. is a simple question of
ai"'hmetie, what is the proportion between
38,030 and 100,401 ? It is nearly one fourth.
The basis would be lessened twenty-two and
nine tenths per cent.. or in ot her words twentv-
two and nine tenths per cent, of 100,101 would
be deducted from that aggregate number.
What, would bo the result of that? The result
would be the loss of one Representative,
Maryland now having five, and possibly, by
force of the fraction, the loss of another, but
certainly the loss of one.
But. it is a groat deal worse in other States—
a thousand times worse. I refer now to the same
table furnished by the census of 1800. I shall
not, trouble the Senate with it, except to call
their attention to two or three of the other
southern States, and then to two or three of
the northern States by way of comparison.
The number of while male citizens twenty
years of age and upward in the State of South
Carolina when this ccnsus was taken was
08,lot. The number of black males of the
same age at the same time was 02,923, being
a percentage of fifty-seven and six tenths of the
aggregate. Here, then, the black males were
more numerous than the white males above
twenty. What is to be done in South Caro-
lina ? You add together the number of whites
and the number of blacks, and if the blacks
are not, permitted to vote, as they are not, then
you deduct, from the basis of representation
such an amount as may be ascertained by
ascertaining the proportion that the number
of blacks bears to the aggregate number of
whites and blacks, and what is that? As
92,933 is more then 63,154, South Carolina
loses at least one half of her representation,
and in fact she loses more. It is sufficient for
my purpose to show that she loses one half.
Go to Mississippi and the result is nearly
the same. Her white males above twenty were
84,338, and her black males of the samQ age
98.510, being a percentage of fifty-three and
eight tenths of the whole. So that. State would
lose half her representation.
Now, Mr. President, how will the rule pro-
posed operate pn the northern States ? The
people of the northern States are, and are cor-
rectly assumed to be, just and fair. How does
it operate on the State of my friend the chair-
man of the committee of fifteen.[Mr. Fessen-
i>ex?] Her whites of twenty years of age and
upward in 1860 were 167,724 and her blacks
of the same age were 302. a percentage of
two tenths of one per cent. Ills State will
not suffer by this provision, it is certain. Then
go to the State of my friend from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark.] They had 91,941 white
males above twenty and 149 blacks, a little
over one tenth of one per cent. It is obvious
that neither of these two States will lose any-
thing by this rule. I need not fatigue the
attention of the Senate by calling their atten-
tion to the other northern States. Gentlemen
diminish our representation unless we consent
to surrender our own judgment of what we
believe to be true policy, and they leave their
own untouched. It is a ruinous result as far
as we aro concerned; it is a perfectly harm-
less result, as far as they are concerned. How
is it. iu the State of my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. L'nwu:!),] who has had more especially
the charge of this measure since it came from
the last special committee?
Mr. CLARK. Do you mean the committee
of fifteen?
Mr. JOHNSON. There was but one com-
mittee of fifteen ; but I believe, or at least it
is shrewdly suspected, that there has been
another committee.
Mr. CONNESS. What does the Senator
know about that?
Mr. JOHNSON. I guess again, and I
guess that my friend from New Hampshire
[Mr. Coaiik] has some knowledge of it. The
State, of Michigan, in 1800, had 200,474 white
males of twenty and upward, and only 1,898
blacks of the same age, being a percentage
of eight tenths of one per cent.. There is no
terror in the operation of this clause upon my
liiend from Michigan, whose State will have
at least as many Representatives as she has
now. even if she stops growing. Ours is to be
diminished : hers, at least, is to remain as it
is, to be changed only by an increase of her
population. Every man in Michigan, every
woman in Michigan, every alien in Michigan,
every rebel in Michigan, (if they have rebels
there,) is to enter into the calculation of the
number which is to constitute the basis of rep-
resentation of Michigan. One fourth of our
aggregate male population is to be deducted,
more than one half of that of South Carolina
and Mississippi is to be deducted. Now, what
is it all for? What is the purpose of the
exception? There can be but one.
In Maryland we have a contest now going
on, which, as I judge from the newspapers, is
supposed by one side to involve the question of
negro suffrage, and upon the other side to be
wholly irrespective of that question. What is
this provision for? Is it not to force negro
suffrage upon every State by holding out a pun-
ishment, or a provision in the nature of a for-
feiture, to any State that denies it? Does it
not say to the State of Maryland, "You arc
now represented in the councils of the nation
by five Representatives in the House of Rep-
resentatives ; but you shall in future, when this
provision goes into operation, be represented ■
only by four, unless, contrary to your judg-
ment, contrary to your past policy, contrary to
what all parties among you allege to be your
present conviction, you agree to admit to the
right of suffrage your black population who are
of the age .of twenty-one years and upward?"
The effect, .therefore, of the measure which
