46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
an equality with the other volunteer soldiers in the
servico of the United States; and that the committee
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
DAKOTA CAVALRY.
Mr. BURLEIGH submitted the following
resolution:
Whereas it is represented that certain volunteers
from the Territory of Dakota, known as companies
A and B of the Dakota cavalry, were mustered into
the service of the United States, along with their
horses and equipments, supplied with their own pri-
vate* means, and that in pursuance of an order from
the War Department, said horses were afterward
taken into the possession of the Government, and
there retained by them until the discharge of said
companies, or lost or destroyed in the service, with-
out compensation: Therefore,
Resolved, Thatfthe Committee on Military Affairs
foe instructed to inquire into the facts, and if they
shall find them substantially true as stated, report a
bill providing such compensation as may be just to
the said owners.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
■wish that resolution to go to the Committee on
Military Affairs in that way. It is a direct in-
struction to that committee, if they find sfich
and such to be the facts, to report a bill without
regard to the law. I suggest to the gentleman
to modify his resolution so that the committee
shall be instructed to inquire into the whole
subject.
Mr. BURLEIGH I accept that modifica-
tion of my resolution.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of resolutions
calling for executive information laid over one
day under the rules.
MEXICO.
A resolution submitted by Mr. Garfield
requesting the President, if not incompatible
with the public service, to communicate to this
House any information in possession of any of
the Executive Departments of the Government
in reference to a so-called decree by the French
agent in Mexico, under date of September 5,
A. D. 18G5, establishing slavery or peonage in
that republic; and also what action, if any, has
been taken by the Government of the United
States in reference thereto.
The SPEAKER stated that a similar reso-
lution had already been passed.
The resolution was laid upon the table.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of resolutions
on which debate had arisen, and which had been
laid over under the rule.
_ A resolution, submitted by Mr. Mooriiead,
directing that all public documents of which
extra copies have been ordered to be printed for
distribution, and which have not been delivered
to the persons entitled thereto under the resolu-
tion of the last House of Representatives, shall
now be delivered, by the officer having posses-
sion of the same, to the Representatives in this
House of those districts whose former Repre-
sentatives have not drawn the documents to
which such districts were respectively entitled
according to the rate of distribution established.
A similar resolution having been adopted, the
resolution was laid upon the table.
REIMBURSEMENT OF LOYAL STATES.
A resolution, submitted by Mr. Hooper, di-
recting the appointment of a committee of one
from each State to consider and report, by bill
or otherwise, if any and what action should be
taken to repay to the several States the amounts
of money advanced and paid by them for ex-
penditures connected with the late war.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, the resolution
was referred to the select committee on the sub-
ject raised on motion of Mr. Blaine.
. EQUALITY OF CIVIL KIQIITS.
The next resolution taken from the Speaker's
table was a resolution offered by Mr. Farns-
woiith, on the Cth instant, declaring that as
all just powers of government are derived from
the consent of the governed, that cannot be re-
garded as a just Government which denies to a
large portion of its citizens, who share both its
pecuniary and military burdens, the right to
express either their consent or dissent to the
laws which subject them to taxation and to
military duty, and which refuses them fall pro-
tection in the enjoyment of their inalienable
rights. That in imposing taxes upon the peo-
ple of the United States none are excepted
therefrom on account of color; so, too, in the
laws enacted by Congress for enrolling and
drafting into the military service of the Govern-
ment those liable to military duty, 110 exemp-
tion because of color has been allowed ; and
while we have rewarded the foreigner, who is
ignorant of our language and institutions, and
who has but just landed upon our shores, with
the right of citizenship for a brief scrvice in the
armies of the United States, good faith, as well
as impartial justice, demands of this Government
that it secure to the colored soldiers of the
Union their equal rights and privileges as citizens
of the United States. That we agree with the
President of the United States that "mercy
without justice is a crime;" and the admitting
of rebels and traitors, upon whose hands the
blood of slain patriots lias scarcely dried, and
upon whose hearts is the damning crime of
starving to death loyal men taken as prisoners
in battle, to the rights of citizenship and of suf-
frage, while we deny those rights to the loyal
black man, who fought for the Union,-and who
fed and protected our starving soldiers, is a fit
illustration of that truism.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I do not propose to
ask the House to take action on that resolution
now, and I will move that it be referred to the
joint committee of fifteen when appointed.
Mr. CHANLER. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I intended to move
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Butthe gentleman did not
do it.
Mr. CHANLER. I regret exceedingly that
the gentleman forgot to do what lie intended—
to move the previous question to prevent de-
bate ; but such a resolution as that cannot pass
without rebuke from this side of the House, and
unprepared as we are to meet it. we are forced,
from his omission 1 o discharge his duty toward
the colored soldiers, to meet liim at once.
He proposes to refer to the select committee
of fifteen this resolution, a question entirely
distinct from the purpose for which that com-
mittee is raised, and to place it side by side
with the most important question ever referred
by this House. These men, whom he and we
all know to be yet in a condition of transition,
he wishes to put upon a footing equal to those
who not only in this war, but in every war, have
carried the arms of this Government, and have
secured to it under the national banner victo-
ries as great as those achieved by any nation,
and greater by far than those achieved by the
race of which the gentleman from Illinois is
the champion.
I will not attempt at this time to assail the
motive of the gentleman in giving to the black
soldier his right and claim to the admiration of
the white man. My object is to assail none,
but I wish to appear here as the advocate" of
those the gentleman has assailed, and upon the
threshold of this session to see that no stigma
shall lie cast upon the foreigners who may not
have understood our language or known out-
laws, and this side of the House remain silent.
The merits of this question the gentleman
from Illinois is better ahleto describe than my-
self. We know the services the black soldier
has rendered to this Government, and when the
time comes for rewarding him for Ins past ser-
vices by those emoluments which are bestowed
upon the brave and the suffering I will not be
wanting in that hour. But there is, and un-
doubtedly will be, a difference between us as
to the amount of reward to be meted out. I
do not, with that gentleman, consider that the
problem of the negro race is solved. I am not
prepared at once to raise them from the humble
pedestal upon which they now stand, to that
high point of public approbation which the for-
eigners in this country have won for themselves
through generations of toil, suffering, and op-
pression. I take issue with the gentleman on
that point. Ho assumes that the problem is
solved, and that the black man is our equal. I
deny the proposition, but I do not mean thereby
to decry the black man. _ I waive all such com-
parisons ; but I deem this resolution an act of
positive injustice in its wording; and I hope I
am not using too strong language in saying that
I deem it an insult to the white citizens of the
United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire if the
morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It lias.
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry to interruptthe
gentleman, but I must move that the House
proceed to business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order,
but the gentleman from New York will be en-
titled to the floor when this subject is resumed.
The Chair will have the rule read.
The Clerk read from Barclay's Manual, as
follows:
"It is tlie invariable praetiec to permit a member,
upon the expiration of the morning hour, to takethe
Boor, even though another may be occupying it, to
make a motion to proceed to business upon the
Speaker's table."
Mr. CHANLER. I am content.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that the gen-
tleman from New York does not desire to oc-
cupy further time. If ho does not I appeal to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to allow the
resolution to be referred to the committee.
Mr. CITANLER. I must be excused from
yielding for that purpose. We, upon this side
of the House, have very few opportunities of
being heard, and I do not want to lose the
chance
Sir. FARNSWORTH. IIow much more time
has the gentleman from New York?
The SPEAKER. Fifty-five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I must insist 011 mv motion.
The question was taken, and Mr. Stevens's
motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER stated that the only busi-
ness on the Spcaker'stable was the amendments
of the Senate tathe concurrent resolution of the
House for the appointment of a joint committee
011 the subject of reconstruction.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
In line one strike out the word "Senate;"
and inline two, after the word '■Representa-
tives," strike out the words '"in Congress as-
sembled" and insert in lieu thereof " the Sen-
ate concurring;" and in line fifteen strike out
all after the word '' otherwise"' to the end of
the resolution, so that the resolution will read:
Ile<iolved Li/the Hume of Jleweieidatirri, (the .Sen-
ate concurring,! That a joint committee of fifteen
member pluilt bo appointed, nine of whom shall be
members of the House and six members of the Sen-
ate,who shall inquire into theeonditionof tbcStates
which formed the so-called confederate States of
America, and report whether they, or au> of them,
areentitled to be represented in eitherllou^e of C011-
ffros, with leave to report at any time by bill or
othei w ise.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to move that the House
"concur in the amendments of the Senate. It is
i proper that 1 should say one word. The Sen-
ate took what to them appeared (0 be the proper
uew of their prerogatives, and though they did
not seem to differ with its as to the main object,
the mode of getting at it with them was essen-
] tial. and they very properly pur the resolution
I in the shape they considered right.
[ They have eliamred the form of the resolu-
! tion so as not to require the assent of the Presi-
| dent: and they hate al.^o considered that each
j House should determine for itself as to the ref-
erence of papers by its own j*tion at the time,
i To this I see no objection, and while moving to
concur, I will say now that when it is in order
I shall move, or some other gentleman will
move when his State is called, a resolution pre-
cisely similar or very nearly similar to the pro-
vision which the Seriate has stricken out, only
applicable to the House alone. I merely give
thatnotice now. 1 cannot move itas an amend-"
ment to this resolution, because that would send
