3030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
say that representation is to depend upon num-
bers. So did your fathers say so. They said
it and you have followed their teaching, be-
cause they said it was a right to be represented,
but not a right to vote. In the language of
Hamilton, in the Federalist to which I have
referred, that was. a personal right, which,
upon the theory of our institutions, ought to
bo secured, and just in proportion as it is de-
nied just in that proportion are you trampling
upon the theory or violating the theory.
Now you want, T suppose, whatever you do
to be adopted. Do you suppose that the States
who are to lose representation by this measure,
unless they agree to bring nboutthc contingency
which it is to avert, will adopt this amendment?
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. WILSON". We do.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then you misapprehend
the southern people just as much as you did
before the war commenced. I do not mean
you gentlemen individually. There was an
impression at the North that the South wasnot
in earnest. There was a corresponding impres
sion at the South that the North wasnot—both
fatal errors; the first just as fatal as the last.
I say the South will not adopt it, because your
people, if you were in a condition in which
your rights would be so affected by this amend-
ment as will be its operation upon the rights of !
the South, would not adopt it. Massachusetts
never would agree to an amendment which was
to deprive her of a part of her representation
unless she would consent to abandon a policy
which she had adopted from the beginning of
her existence. And yet yon ask lis lodoit.
The whole elfcct and the whole object—I have
a. right to say that, because that is the wholb
operation of the amendment—the whole elfcct
of the proposed amendment is to strike a blow
at the southern States who are, now, according
to my theory, in the Union, and who are in the
Union 11(1011 llie theory of this amendment, un-
less they will agree lo a policy nl war with the
policy illustrated throughout then' entire his
tory.
What more do you do? By (lie third sec
tion you exclude from the right of holding any
ofliee, State or IVderal, a class which will be
found to embrace the best men within the lim-
its of these Stales. Do you suppose that, the
South will agree lo that? Then: may be a few
men imported there from some of Ihe eastern
or northern Slab's, who have gone there lately,
who will consent to'it; but the original south-
ern moil will never consent lo a constitutional
amendment, which strikes at a large class, in-
deed, of the entire class within which is to lie
found the best mem and (lie, wisest men within
their limits.
Mr. MePOUGALL. Do f understand the
Senator to say that, they include all the best
men ami the wisest men of Ihe South?
Mr. JOHNSON. Some of the best, and
wisest; I did not mean all.
Mr. McUOUUALL. 1 understood you to
say all.
Mr. JOHNSON. It includes nearly nil.
because nearly all of Ihern have been in the
Legislature or Congress or held some official
station ; and all who have held any office of any
description, civil or military, under the United
States, or under any State, who have been
members of Congress or officers of tho United
States or members of nay State Legislature or
of any execulive or judicial ofliee of any State,
and have taken the oath to support the Con-
stitution, as tliey must all have done, are to be,
excluded from the right to hold office.
Mr. MeDOTJGALL. I apologize ; I did not
understand the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not necessary to apol-
ogize, I will say to the honorable memberfrom
California, because he hardly ever says any
thing that requires an apology, certainly as far
as I am concerned.
I have upon more occasions than one, Mr.
President—and 1 now barely allude to it-
stated what I thought to be the present condi-
tion of the southern States. 'Ihe rebellion
being ended, in my view the Constitution of
the United States and its laws are just as oper-
ative upon each of the States where the rebel-
lion existed as they were before it was com-
menced. All of those States now are organ-
ized; all of them, I believe, except perhaps
Texas, have their judiciary, their executive,
and their Legislature, and ihey are now in the
undisturbed exercise of the functions of each !
of these departments—and the three embraco
everything that a State has a right to do—and
they are organized upon republican principles.
The Supreme Court of the United States rec-
ognizes them as existing States. The Execu-
tive of the United States recognizes them as
existing States. This very amendment (for
there is nothing on the face of it which ex-
cludes the necessity of appealing to the States
which have been in rebellion to adopt it] ree
ognizes them as existing States.
Now, what are their rights under the Con-
stitution as it stands? The Constitution pro-
vides that a census shall be taken at periods
of every ten years. You took your census in
18(i0, and the apportionment was made under
the act of 1802. What is there to change that,
looking at the Constitution as it is? The very
purpose of the provision directing an enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the States to be
taken at each period often years was to ascer-
tain the number of the people in each of the
States that was to constitute the bams upon
a*, hieli 1 he number of Representatives from each
of the States was to be ascertained. That was
done by force of the act of under the
census of 1800. Nowjou propose to change
it, and to change it by force of constitutional
provision. Why cannot you wait? Why is it
not right and just thai you should wail until
these States are represented in this Chamber
and in the other House? Your fathers con-
sulted lliem, and the weight of (heir patriotic
wisdom in forming the Constitution of the
United States was universally admitted, and is
known to us historically. Why cannot you
wait, now? On the contrary, jou now deny
them the right to appear upon this lloor,
although they are willing to take the oath of
loyally which you have prescribed; and you
undertake lo submit a proposition (bra change
of the Constitution in their ubseiicc. How can
you know but some man of the South might
be found in the councils of the nation who
would influence jour councils and shape your
deliberations as Madison influenced the coun-
cils and shaped the deliberations of his asso-
ciates in the Convention of 1787? Do you not
want aid? 1 should think so. You have not
been able yet to agree on any provision for
a change which has satisfied you even for a
passing day.
Mr. i'resident, I have here—and I have al-
luded to the condition of these States simply
for the purpose of introducing it and bringing
it before the Senate—an opinion delivered by
one of th<! judges of the Supreme Court very
recently, who is one of the admitted lights of
that great tribunal, whoso patriotism has never
been questioned, and cannot properly be ques-
tioned, in a case which involves the question,
what is the condition of the States? A man
by the name of Kgan was confined in the State
penitentiary at, Albany, he never having been
in the military sen ice of the United States or
of the confederate States, under a sentence by
a military commission held in the State of
South Carolina to try him upon the charge of
murder, and the sentence of the commission
was confinement in that penitentiary for life,
lie made an application to Mr. Justice Nelson
for a habeas corpus. The facts were returned,
and the judge in the conclusion of his opinion
says, what i think bears upon the question I
am discussing, what I will read:
"For aught that appears, the civil local courts of
tlie State of Bouth Carolina were in the full exereisc
oftheirjudici.il functions at tho time of this trial, as
restored by the suppression of the rebellion, some
seven months previously, and bv the revival of the
laws and reorganization of the Slnte government in
obedience to and in conformity with its constitutional
duties to the Federal Union.
"Indeed, long previous to this, a provisional, gov-
ernor b.ul been appointed by the President, who is
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United State?, (and whose will under raartb! law con-
stituted the only rule of action,! for the special pur-
pose of changing the existing state of things and
restoring civil government over the people. In pur-
suance of this appointment a new constitution bad
been formed, a Governor and Legislature elected
under it, and the State in the full enjoyment or enti-
tled to the full enjoyment of her constitutional rights
and piivileges.
"The Constitution and laws of the Union wore
thereby acknowledged and obeyed, and were as au-
thoritative and binding over the people of the Stato
as in any other portion of the country. Indeed, the
moment the rebellion was suppressed., and the gov-
ernment growing out of it subverted, the ancient
possession, authority, and laws, resumed their accus-
tomed sway, subject only to the new organization or
the appointment of proper officers to give to them
operation and effect.
" This reorganization and appointment of the pub-
lic functionaries, which was under the superintend-
ence and direction of the President, as Commander-
in-Chief of tho Army and Navy of the country, who,
as such, had previously governed tho people of the
State from imperative necessity by force of martial
law, had already taken place, and the necessity no
longer existed."
Let me repeat a sentence of that decision.
The judge says that the State of South Caro-
lina, at the time this trial was had, was "in
the full enjoyment, or entitled to tlie full en-
joyment. of her constitutional lights and priv-
ileges." One of those rights and privileges
was that of being represented in this body and
represented in tho other House. Now, we
keep them out, unless they think proper—at
least I suppose that is the'course the matter is
to take—unless they will "submit to adopt a
measure which is contrary to what we lenow
they would do if they were not by compulsion
forced to take it.
Mr. President, I have but a word to say in
conclusion. We all have an interest in the
pcace of the country. We have a deep inter-
est in the peace of the country because it is
connected with the prosperity and good name
of the country. Wo have a social interest in
being together again as brothers, of presenting
to the nations of the world ourselves as one,
and exhibiting the characteristics of a great
and magnanimous people, who, forgetting re-
cent animosities, discarding the prejudices out
of which they grow, and looking to the honor
and glory of the nation, come together as broth-
ers. one and all. By the highest of moral con-
siderations, therefore, the termination of tlie
present state of tilings is demanded. But if
we cannot raise ourselves to the elevation of
being governed by moral considerations, let
mere material considerations animate us; lei
interest, in its most vulgar sense, control us.
Let us, therefore, bring back the South so as
lo enable her to remove the desolation which
has gone throughout her borders; restore her
industry ; attend to her products—those prod-
ucts which enter so materially into tho wealth '
of the whole, so important to the North, and
more important, if possible, to the North than
to the South, but all-important to the nation—■
instead of keeping her in a state of subjection,
of dishonoring subjection, and, as I think,
without the slightest necessity. . Peace once
existing throughout the laud, the restoration
of all rights brought about, the Union will be
at once in more prosperous existence than it
ever was ; and throughout the tide of time, as
I believe, nothing in the future will over cause
us to dream of dissolution, or of subjecting any
part, through the powerful instrumentality of
any other part, to any dishonoring humiliation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a work of labor
to speak after the eloquent remarks of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, who lias better expressed
what I think than I can express it in any form
of words; _and yet I think it is due lo myself
and the opinion I represent (for I think I rep-
resent the opinion of my own country) that I
should say a few words. They will not be many.
There is an intense love for the Union
throughout all tho country; there was an in-
tense love of the Union in my own country,
and there is to-day, not governed by any form
of words, hnt governed by principles and a high
sense of right and justice. I do not care to
reason about this thing. It has been reasoned
about by eminent men, men wdio can discourse
better than myself, to whom I submit the au-
thority of the argument ; but I wish to say that
