UK)
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the pa??ions of the day ^hall continue to bear sway,
if prejudice phall rule the hour, if a conflict of races
sh.ili rui^e. if ambition shall turn the scale, if the
sword <-hni1 ho tin-own into thebalar.ee aprainst pa-
triotism, it the emboli of the late war shall bo kept
aglovins until, with new fuel, they shall flame up
again, thou our present ?)oora but tliOi phado' v, the
penumbra of that deeper and darker celipsc which is
to touijy ob^euro this hemisphere, and blight forever
the anxiou? iinttcip \tiou"> and expectations of man-
kind. Th'lii, hereafter, hy f-omebard.itmay besung:
'"'The .-tar of hope phone bricrhtc«t in the West;
The hope of liberty, the la.it, the be?t;
.That, too, has set upon hei darkened shore,
And hope and freedom li^ht up earth no more.'
" May we not all, 011 this occasion, on this anniver-
sary of the birthday of Washington, join in a iervent
prayer to heaven that the Great llulcr ol oventsmay
avert from this land such a fall, such a fate,, and such
a requiem?''
This was rcccivod with the applause of the
whole assembly. Now. ought wo to deal with
the mass of these men as if they were crimi-
nals in intent? The doctrines that they held
in relation to the character of the Government
#wrro not confined '0 the South; they had a
place in what wore called the free States. 1
rtatcd when I had the honor to address the
Senaro 011 a former occasion, that tlie doctrine
of tin' right, of a State to judge for itself with-
out hi it.;; responsible to the Government of the
United States whether the easy.s* faulerix ex-
isted which would authorize the Stale to aban-
don her place in the Union, was by Mr. «Jof-
ferson ia so many words announced. 1 lia\e
not the resolutions of Kentucky, el' which he
ik known lo be the aulhor, by mo, but I have
an oxtraet from a eulogy pronounced ];y the
loie Jolm Quincy Adams 011 Mr. Madison, in
which he says • t
" C'oneui riny in r he<|<M li ine tint (lie«eparnto o.s
have a 1 i r'il to ml 'rjx)Mx in of |,'ilp.tb!e ini'rae-
(imi« o{ (lie Con« tiuihon b\ f (10 (iovernment of*the
United St.iti-J, :i iid 1 h;i (, \ lie nhen ;nnl fodilion acts
piCv^euied ,1 c t^e of such infraction, Mr. .lelleivun
eon.snlered them as absolutely nail and void, nud
thoughttho Suite Jje-d.^latuies competent not oniy
to declare, bat to make them so, to resist their exe-
cution within their respective borders by physical
force, and loseeede fiorn the Union ra<her }h;ui .sub-
mil to them if n 11 empLed to be curried 111(0 execution
by force."
But 1 have said that. I hat doctrine was not
confined to gentlemen of the South. F lind in
one of the papers of the day a resolution offered
nt a meeting in the State of Ohio some seven
jears a<ro, in which the docli'ine almost in the
words of (-alhonn was announced, said to have
been reported by a committee of which one of
the honorable Senators from Ohio, not now in
his place, [Mr. \V\w>u,] was a member, and to
have, been supported by him in a speech, and
to have aUo been supported by a speech of the
present Chief J ust ice of the United States, it
was duiinx the excitement, as I understand,
'trowing out of the attempted execution of the
fugitive slave law. Ohio was inflamed. She
deemed it unconslitutional. The Supreme
Court iiad decided unanimously that it was con-
stitutional, but she, in the exercise of her al-
leged right of judgment, deemed if to be uncon-
stitutional, and having that opinion, what did
her people in council determine, to do? What
did they state were the reasons that had brought
them to adopt that opinion? F beg the Senate
to bear with mo while 1 read:
" ()ji tho2oih of Ma v, hut little more than seven
vears a"o. a ronveniion wa< held nt Cleveland, Ohio.
11 \y,m f-tytod Convention of the Sens <>I Liberty, and
wri^ pre-ided overhy Jo^hun K. < J tddi ny>, lately Uni-
ted States Consul (Ueneral for the Oanadas. Uponits
commit ice of 1 evolutions the chief man was 1>kxja-
mix l'\ AVai>i:, then a«, now, United Whiles Senator
from Ohio. Thai committee brought forward aseries
of resolutions which were adopted, the principal one
beins: af-follov/x;
" llrsoh-ct, Thrst the several SKie.* eompri?inpr the
United S^ate- ot America are not united on the prin-
ciple of unlimited suhmi^ion to their General Gov-
ernment, but that, by < ompact, imdei the ^tj lo and
title of a C'm.-ntU' ion for the United States and of
amendment? tiicrd o, they constituted a General Go v-
evnment for ceiiam definite power?, reserving, each
Stale to itself, the residuary mas# of ri«?ht to their own
seh-fjoverument; and that whensoever the General
Government a^uwe^ undelegated power?, its acts arc
unauthoritative, void, ami of 110 loree, ami being void,
can derive no validity from mere judicial interpreta-
tion; that to this compact each State acceded as a
State, and ls.mintegialparty; that this Government,
created bating compact, was not made the exclusive
Oj' jni'd jua^e ot the extent of the powers deleaated
io lUe'i, since that would have made its discretion
ana not il-e/'onstitution the measure of its power;
out tnai, in ail other cases of compact among par-
ties having no common judge, each party has an equal
right to judixe for itself, as well of infractions a-s of
the mode and measure of redress."
And that resolution it is said was supported
not only by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. \Vade,1
but b) the present Chief Justice of the United
States *, and that was in IB-jD ; literally a tran-
script from some of the resolutions ottered by
John C. Calhoun. I have not cited it for the
purpose of assailing the present loyalty of the
Senator from Ohio, but X have citcd it for the
purpose of proving that holding such opinions
as that even a few years ago is no evidence of
present disloyalty, if the honorable member
from Ohio has a right now, as he certainly has,
and as it will be his pleasure I am sure to do,
to renounce and denounce the doctrine which
he maintained in 18">9, these southern gentle-
men have the same right; and if they exert it,
if they do renounce and denounce it, why should
not their loyalty be considered as dear as the
loyalty of the men who presented and supported
the resolution to which i have just adverted?
But it was 110 new thing, it had a place in
Massachusetts, thai State which now is giving
us so many good political maxims, in the war
of 1812, as we know historically, she refused to
let her soldiers go beyond her limits. That it
was an.act of disloyalty, f felt then and have
never doubted -since. That for a time she was
under opprobiium, we all know. She has
emerged out of it since, and stands among us
now as a peer as loyal as the most loyal; but
there were other times when she was obnoxions
to loyal criticism. Sir, in the debate in the
House of-Representatives of January, 1811, in
relation to the acquisition of the territory of
Orleans, as it then was called, Massachusetts
was acjain on fire. The men of that day taught
their people that there was under the Consti-
tution no authority 10 acquire territory by treaty,
and one of her most distinguished sons, one
whose memory will live as a scholar and a
statesman (notwithstanding the language to
which I am about to call the attention of the
Senate) as long as letters live, «losiah Quincy
the eider, now gathered to his fathers, full of
years and full ol honors, denounced that act—
an act which has proved of such material ad-
vantage to the prosperity of the country—as a
liat. violation of the Constitution. And what
did he say it was the duty of Massachusetts to
do? I lead from the Annals of Congress a
passage from Mr. Quiney\s speech on that oc-
casion:
" Mr. Speaker, t'iprc i- a jcreat rule of human coil-
duet which he who honestly observes ennnot err
^ idely from the path of his fought, duly, It is to be
very smiimloiis eoui'enim^ the principles you sclect
its the toyt of your ri.'dlN and obliu'ntion.s ; to be veiy
faiihflil iu notlc-uur tile result of their applieation;
and lo lie \ery fearless in Iraein^ ami exposing their
immediate etleels mid di^l.int consequence*. Under
the sanction ot (his rate of conduct, 1 am compelled
lo declare it as my deliberate opinion, that., if this
In!! passes, I lie bonds ot tins Union are virtually dis-
solved : tii.il (lie St:] t e- \v Inch t hid]iosc it arc free from
their moral obligations, and that, as it will lie I he right
of all, so it will lie the duty of some, to prepare defi-
nitely for a hi'ini ration—amicably if they can, vio-
lently if they must."
Usui any gentleman whoso credentials have
been laid on the (able of this body, over uttered
a sentiment so manifestly disloyal, so palpably
unconstitutional, announcing that the purchase
of Louisiana, if consummated by an appropria-
tion lo pay the amount ofpurehase money by Con-
gress, would load lo a separation to be attained
peaceably if it could be so attained, but. as for
as Massachusetts was eoncerncd, if it could not
be attained peaceably, to be attained by force?
If he was here an applicant for a seat on the
floor of this body, and the honorable member
from Massachusetts was himself a Senator from
that State, would he object to his being admit-
ted on the ground of disloyalty? And yet he
will say, I am sure, that the sentiment which I
have just read as coming from his lips was as
disloyal as anything that, ever came from the
lips of John C. Calhoun. "YThy would he not?
Because he would know that he would be loyal
now, and would prove an ornament to this
Chamber.
I question not the Senator's motives, I have
no right to question the motives of any Sena-
tor, and if I had I would not do it, because I
am satisfied their motives are as pure as my
own; but it is a little singular that disloyalty
now, as proved by the expression of disloyal
opinions in the past, is to take from the States
a right of representation on this floor when we
have upon the floor a member whose loyalty
nobody will now doubt, who has stood by his
country in her recent peril as one of her firmest
friends and supporters, willing to sacrifice all
in vindicating her integrity, but who seven years
ago announced to the people of his own State
doctrines as heretical, and disloyal because
heretical, as ever fell from the lips of any south-
ern man. Ay and that doctrine had the sup-
port of the present Chief Justice of the Uni-
ted States, who, like the Senator from his State,
is equally loyal now. Judicial interpretation
in relation to the validity of the fugitive slave
act, however unanimous, was as nothing if
erroneous in the opinion of Ohio; and if per-
severed in upon the faith of such interpretation,
Ohio, assuming to herself the sovereignty with
which she went into the Union, claimed the
right to decide for herself, notwithstanding de-
cisions by Congress, decisions by the Execu-
tive, decisions by the judiciary of the United
States, whether the Constitution in the passage
of the act had been violated, and if she came
to the conclusion that it had been, to resist by
force ! A monstrous doctrine, fatal wherever
entertained to the continuing existence of the
Government, contrary to the provisions of our
fathers, inconsistent in my view with almost
every provision to be found in the Constitution,
and yet honestly entertained. Who will ques-
tion the honesty of Mr. Quincy? Nobody.
Certainly none who knew him personally. Who
will question the honesty-oftlie honorable mem-
ber from Ohio? Nobody who knows him.
Frank, if possible, even to a fault, he carries
his heart in his hand. And who will question
the honesty of the present Chief Justice of the
United States?
Mr. President, if the Chief Justice of the
United States has not changed the opinion
which he entertained in 1859, he is not the man
to sit in judgment upon Mr. Jefferson Davis,
or anybody else standing in the like position.
He might pronounce him—and 1 suppose he
would—to have been guilty of treason accord-
ing to the letter of the law; but, with this res-
olution in his hand, he would say to the depart-
ment of the Government in which the power of
mercy is lodged, " For God's sake, as you value
mc and my character, pardon, for he did only
to a greater extent what I said I would have
done or that my State should have done if the
contingency had arisen."
But L have wandered somewhat from the pur-
pose of the argument. Let me go back lo the
condition of the States. My friend from Maine
maintains that lam in error in supposing that
the insurrection which prevailed for four years
was put down only by virtue of that clause of
the Constitution which gives to Congress the
right.to use military force for the purpose of
suppressing insurrection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Using the militia.
Mr. JOHNSON". Well, the_ act of 1807,
passed tinder that authority, gives the same
power to use the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States that previous acts gave to use the
militia, and we have legislated still more ex-
tensively by raising troops for the purpose of
putting it down. I maintained in good faith,
as 1 am sure every Senator who knows me will
believe, that the authority is to be found exclu-
sively under that clause. I stated that under
the war power (that is, the power conferred
upon Congress to declare war,) there was no
authority to war against a State of the Union,
and I supported that opinion by referring to a
part of the opinion given by Mr. Justice Grier,
speaking in behalf of the majority of the Su-
preme Court, in the prize cases as reported in
2 Black, and in the dissenting opinion of Mr.
Justice Nelson, in each of which it is stated
that there is no clause in the Constitution which,
either by direct terms or by implication, can be
construed to confer upon Congress the author-
