mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to postpone the present and all prior orders
in order to continue the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 83.
Mr. TRUMBULL.- I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas aftd navs were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the
suggestion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
is not unreasonable, when we consider the
gravity of this question. He proposes that the
resolution on which we are to vote shall be
printed that we may have an opportunity to
see it with our eyes as well as to hear it with
our ears, as it has been read at the desk. I
say I think that is not an unreasonable request.
I should like also to be able to read it; and it
is for that purpose, to give an opportunity of
printing it. and also because I think that the
business which is in hand and is half finished,
an appropriation bill, had better be proceeded
with, that I shall vote against the motion to
go on with the resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, Idonot
think it is the right of the Senator having in
charge this measure, or his committee, to force
action upon the Senate without their having an
opportunity to see what the exact measure is.
It is true it has been read at the desk; but it
has not been printed and laid upon our tables.
I have not had an opportunity to examine into
what exactly it is. No other Senator has ex-
cept such of the committee as have been con-
sulted about it. It seems to me to be the right
of any Senator, his particular personal right,
to have every measure of legislation if he re-
quires it put in form that ho can examine it at
his desk aiid understand what it is. Here is a
matter of vast importance, involving great prin-
ciples, involving fundamental questions; and
ii is insi-txd upon that we shall vote upon it
Wind without, the opportunity of seeing what it
is. J f this he legislation in accordance with the
republican system, the republics of this period
have got very near like the despotisms of the
•lays of Caligula.
Mr. POMERO Y. This question we were pro-
ceeding with by unanimous consent. I should
suppose if any one had any great objection to
proceeding, he would have made the objection
when the resolution came up. The Chair put
the question very plainly whether any one ob-
jected : there was no objection, and wo pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the subject. I
conclude that persons who desire to postpone
and have the resolution printed would have
made the objection at an earlier stage of the
proceedings.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3G, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs, Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ner, Cowan, Creswcll, Davis, DonliMIe, Edmunds,
Fohtoi, Gilines Harris, Hendricks, Howard, IIowe,
Johu-on, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Sher-
man, Sill-ague, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
itde. Ni illey, Williams, "Wilson, and Yates—36.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Pe^scnden,
Gufhrio, ItemlevsoD, MeLougall, Morgan, and Sum-
ner—K. ^ *>
Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Saulsbury, ancf
Wright—J.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and the question is on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to the body of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I could not agree in com-
mittee with the substitute proposed by the hon-
orable chairman of the committee and adopted
by a majority of the committee, for several
reasons which it is unnecessary now to assign;
it is too late in the day to argue the question
which that substitute presents. Nor shall I
be able to agree to vote for the preamble to
the resolution passed by the House yesterday,
and if no one else moves to strike out the pre-
amble, I shall make that motion and vote ac-
cordingly ; but as I am very anxious to have
the State of Tennessee admitted to represen-
tation, I shall vote for the resolution whether
the preamble is retained or not.
The objection that I have to the particular
preamble is one of fact as well as of law. The
fa5t which it alleges is by no means clearly
established, in my judgment. It states that
"the State of Tennessee has in good faith rati-
fied the article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress." I have seen no evi-
dence of the ratification of that amendment
at all, upon which I could judicially rely or
morally rely. I have seen nothing or heard
of nothing except a telegraphic dispatch pur-
porting to have been sent by Governor Brown-
low. Now, whether he sent it we cannot
know judicially.
But another "thing operates upon my judg-
ment. I am by no means satisfied, relying
upon the facts stated in that dispatch, that the
amendment has been properly ratified. What
is the Legislature of Tennessee ? How many
it takes to constitute a quorum of that Legis-
lature, whether there was that number present
in the hall, how they were brought within the
hall, we know nothing about. I have under-
stood—whether it is true or not of course I can
have no knowledge—that the two or three mem-
bers who were brought in by force were kept
in the room of the sergeant-at-arms of that
body, and that was supposed to be a presence
in the room in which the House of Represent-
atives of that State was assembled.
Bat, notwithstanding that, as I think the
State is entitled to be represented, and never
have doubted upon that question, and that it
was the duty of the Senate to have admitted
those who were chosen to represent her in this
body, I shall vote for the resolution whether
the fact stated in the preamble was trueornot.
Its truth gives no force, as I think, to the obli-
gation of the Senate to admit the members;
its falsehood cannot take from the State the
right to be represented by Senators.
Mr. GRIMES. I am sorry to saythat I am
compelled to differ from the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary and shall be con-
strained to vote against his amendment, and
shall vote with great pleasure for the original
proposition as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
I understand that the great point made by
the Senator from Illinois is that he desires that
there should be a recognition of the authority
of Congress over the question as to whether
the late rebel States shall be entitled to repre-
sentation or not. Now, if I understand the
language of the House resolution, and I believe
that is what is now under consideration, no lan-
guage could be used that would more satisfac-
torily convey the implication that this matter
does rest with Congress, and is dependent upon
our action, than that which has been used by
the House of Representatives when they passed
this resolution.
"Thatthe State of Tennessee is hereby re-
stored." Restored bywhat? Restored by this
resolution, this resolution of Congress, the
joint act of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives, and of the executive depart-
ment of Congress.
"That the State of Tennessee is hereby
restored to her former proper, practical rela-
tions to the Union." 1 understand that that
covers everything. I understand that that ex-
presses the opinion of Congress that Tennes-
see has a right-to exercise all of her functions
in every department as an independent sov-
ereign State of the United States, as much so
as any other State in the Union.
"And is again entitled to be represented."
I suppose these words are unnecessary, as this
result would naturally follow from the preced-
ing declaration ; but it goes on, "and is again
entitled to be represented by Senators and
Representatives in Congress, duly elected and
qualified, upon their taking the oaths of office
required by existing laws." Satisfied, Mr.
President, as I am that there is a full recogni-
tion of the authority of the legislative power
of this Government to control this matter by
the adoption of this resolution in the phrase-
ology in which it is framed, I shall have no
hesitation in voting for the resolution as it
came from the House.
I do not know that the preamble is now
under consideration, but I am entirely satis-
fied with that. It declares that "the State of
Tennessee has in good faith ratified the article
of amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress to the Legislatures of the several States."
That article, I believe, includes everything in
the original bill that was reported back to the
Senate and House of Representatives by the
joint committee of the two bodies on recon-
struction, the committee of fifteen.
"And has also shown to the satisfaction of
Congress, by a proper spirit of obedience in
the body of her people, her return to her due
allegiance to the Government, laws, and au-
thority of theUnited States." I am not going
into the question jvhich the Senator from Mary-
land has alluded to, as to whether the consti-
tutional amendment was properly ratified by
the Legislature of the State of Tennessee or
not. I am myself satisfied from the informa-
tion that is before me that she has properly
ratified it; and having done so and having
shown, according to my judgment, in the lan-
guage of this resolution, a proper spirit of
obedience to the laws by her people and her
return to due allegiance to the Government,
the laws, and authority of the United States,
I am prepared to vote for the resolution as it
came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. WADE. I am in favor of the more spe-
cific designation of the reasons given in the
preamble reported by the committee that in-
duce us to admit Tennessee. The great ques-
tion between us and other departments of the
Government on this subject has been a matter
of debate during the entire session, and it seems
to me that when we discriminate between one
State and another and admit one State into
the Union, it is well to have the reasons for
doing so upon the very face of the proceeding,
so that every man in this Union-who reads it
may know precisely the grounds upon which
we act in admitting this State while we reject
other States. I think that it ought to carry
upon the very face of the proceeding to every
person the reasons which induce us to do this
thing. They are not very lengthy, very prolix,
or very cumbersome as a preamble to a bill,
and such preambles have always in the history
of legislation been thought to be necessary
when they were explanatory of the acts of the
legislative body. There never was a case more
opportune for such a preamble than the pres-
ent, in my judgment.
Now, sir, I am for admitting this State into
the Union, and I am for admitting it for the
reasons that are set out in this preamble, spe-
cifically and precisely showing what the State
has done that entitles her hereto berepresented,
for I utterly dissent from the doctrine of the
President, that whenever a Union man may
appear from any State, however disloyal the
State, he is entitled to be a member of this
body. That cannot be so upon any repub-
lican principle. The principle of that doctrine
is totally opposed to all representative gov-
ernment. What, sir, a loyal man represent a
disloyal constituency 1 He cannot represent
them; itis not in the nature of things. You may
admit a loyal man upon this floor who happens
to be sent hereby a disloyal constituency; butit
is impossible upon the great principles of rep-
resentative government that he can represent
them. It cannot be done, and the attempt to
do it would be anomalous, repugnant to the
whole spirit of our institutions and cannot be
entertained for a moment.
The people of this State, differing, as^ the
Senator from Illinois has already explained
particularly, from every other of the seceded
States except one, perhaps, have framed a con-
stitution, not moved thereto from any extra-
neous source, but the people themselves came
together to reinvest their Legislature with pow-
ers to legislate. That constitution has been
