2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
•well as of other military bureaus, might just as
■well be performed by men who have? not
received a full military education.
Now, the proposition to strike out the sec-
tion includes that restriction of the number of
majors hereafter to ten, which is but a small
reduction in the Adjutant General's depart-
ment. There is a larger redaction proposed
in regard to some of the other bureaus, to which
the House may or may not agree, according as
they shall or shall not concur in the recom-
mendations of the committee. But the general
opinion of the committee is that there are but
few officers needed here at headquarters, such
as the chief of the department, and some proper
assistants to supervise, direct, and control the
affairs of the department. Our opinion is that
you do not need officers with a military educa-
tion to remain here month after month, and
year after year, to be compelled to remain here
as some of them have been, to perform clerical
duties. That general feature runs through the
whole bill; and the remark is as applicable to
other bureaus, and still more applicable to some
of them than to the Adjutant General's depart-
ment.
I hope, therefore, that the section will not
be stricken out_, but that the gentleman will
withdraw his objection to it. The amendment
which I propose certainly removes most of the
objections which have been'urged against the
section. I trust that the amendment will be
adopted, and that the section will not be
stricken out, carrying with it all this wholesome
legislation, as we intended it to be, restricting
the number of officers in that bureau.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not understand by what
kind of arithmetic my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
makes it out that, while when the Army was
only eleven thousand there was a demand for
fourteen officers in the Adjutant General's
Bureau, yet, when we have an army of eighty
thousand there should not be more than
twenty of the^e officers; and it is even pro-
posed to cut the number down to seventeen.
Instead of increasing the officers of the Adju-
tant General's Bureau fourfold, as you pro-
pose to increase the regular Army, you do not
propose to make an increase of fifty per cent,
in the number of officers engaged in that
bureau.
One word now as to the nomenclature. The
gentleman from Ohio desires that all officers
below a certain rank shall be called adjutants.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think it will be found to
be true, as a general principle, that wherever
a usage has grown up in.the Army, whether
with reference to titles or anything else, you
will find, when you go to the bottom of the
matter, that there is some good reason for this
usage; and it is not safe to abolish such usages
without full inquiry. Suppose, now, that this
proposition should prevail, and that one of
these adjutants should be detailed on the staff
of a brigadier general commanding at St.
Louis. Well, there are two or three regiments
there, each having its adjutant. Then there
are the post adjutants. These are all adju-
tants. There is no officer there directly con-
nected with the staff department at Washing-
ton, known as the assistant adjutant general.
Now, in the military department there is no
officer whose position, as connected with the
W ar Department at Washington while upon
the staff of a brigadier general, is better under-
stood than an assistant adjutant general. It
means a specific thing in the military service.
It is not to be confounded with post adjutant
or regimental adjutant. If you change the
name, as the gentleman from Ohio desires, you
only lead to confusion.
Mr. SCHENCK. As it is now, they are all
assistant adjutant generals. If they cannot all
have the same titles as adjutants, why should
all have the title of adjutant generals?
Mr. BLAINE. The moment you change
that you have gone to sea on the subject.
Yesterday my friend from Ohio spoke about
the officers who remained in the staff depart-
ments of the Army in this eily doing the duty
that clerks could have performed as well; yet
he speaks this morning of some who were com-
pelled to stay here. I know that some of these
officers have been compelled to stay here in
Washington against their will although they
again and again applied for field service. They
were refused because they were wanted in the
Adjutant General's office in Washington.
One word more. This bill provides for one
lieutenant general, five major generals, and ten
brigadier generals, sixteen general officers who
are entitled to assistant adjutant generals. In
the War Department you have only twenty in
all. There is never a time you do not have six or
eight in the WTar Department. Take six out of
twenty and you do not leave an assistant adju-
tant general for each general you authorize.
Instead of being reduced it ought to be in-
creased. If I did not have the highest respect
for my friend from Ohio I would say that the
proposition was preposterous to have the num-
ber reduced.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, let me say a
word first in regard to the criticism of the gen-
tleman from Ohio on the word "number" in
this section which I propose to strike out and
which he thinks it would be improper to strike
out. It appears to me that when you put into
this law a provision that the Adjutant Gener-
al's department should consist of a certain
number of officers, and when in a subsequent
part of the section you put in a provision such
as is contained in this section, you thereby give
clear intimation of your intention to vacate
existing offices and to provide fornew appoint-
ments. It was for that reason I could not con-
sent to the insertion of the word "number."
I think that the force of that objection still
remains.
I desire to say a few words on what the
Quartermaster General calls the "awkward
| titles," and which are proposed to be abol-
ished. It has been the settled practice of the
Military Department of the Government for a
long time to have what are styled assistants in
the several bureaus of that Department. We
have in the War Department, 1 think, an assist-
ant in e\ ery bureau of that Department. Com-
mencing with the Secretary of War himself,
we have an Assistant Secretary of War. we
have assistant adjutant generals, we have assist-
ant quartermaster generals, an assistant pay-
master general; an assistant surgeon general,
an assistant judge advocate general, an assist-
ant provost marshal general.
If the objection of the "awkward titles" is
good to those titles in the Adjutant General's
staff, I ask the gentleman from Ohio why he
does not propose to abolish all those titles in
the other bureaus of the War Department.
Why does he retain an officer with the title of
assistant commissary general, or with the title
of assistant paymaster general, or assistant sur-
geon general, or assistant judge advocate gen-
eral, or assistant provost marshal general?
Why is the verbal reform ho is so anxious to
inaugurate in this bill not applied to all of the
bureaus of the War Department? Why does
he restrict it to the Adjutant General's depart-
ment, or the Quartermaster General's depart-
ment?
If this is an inconvenient title, sir, it has
endured for a long time without the discovery
of the inconvenience, for these titles have been
employed in the War Department since 18o8,
when these offices were creatcd. They are
titles which have been found to be of great
convenience in the dispatch of business, not
only in the various bureaus of the War Depart-
ment but in all branches of the civil service
also. There is no Department of the civil gov-
ernment, I believe, which has not those assist-
ants also. We have an Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury, an Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, an Assistant Secretary of State, an
Assistant Attorney General, &c.
Now, why select two bureaus of the War
Department as proper subjects for this reform
in nomenclature, and leave all the others
untouched in this respect?
Sir, I see no inconvenience arising from
these titles. On the contrary I see great con-
fusion and injustice arising from what is called
the proposed verbal reform. I am aware that
the gentleman had for this the authority of a
suggestion made by the Quartermaster General
in a letter dated December 18, 1805, which he
addressed to the Lieutenant General, and which
is now before me. I have good reason to
believe that the Lieutenant General does not
approve of these proposed alterations.
The Quartermaster General in that letter
made this suggestion, of giving up, as he ex-
pressed it, the awkward titles of assistant and
deputy quartermaster general, "which are rel-
ics," as he says, "of the days when the corps
was a civil, and not a military body, attached
to rather than forming a constituent part of the
Army."
Now, sir, I may be mistaken, but I have a
strong impression that in making that assertion
the Quartermaster General fell into a very grave
error. I believe it is an undoubted fact that
the Quartermaster General's department has
always been an integral part of the Army of
the United States. There never was a day—
and if I am wrong, I ask the chairman of the
Military Committee to correct me—when it was
a civil department of the public service.
The first Quartermaster General of the Uni-
ted States was General Mifflin of my own State,
during the revolutionary war; and he was a
brigadier general in the service. So also Gen-
eral Pickens and General Greene, both of whom
subsequently filled this office, were not only
men of military rank, but men of the highest
military character and ability, and they both
had the rank of brigadier general.
The quartermaster's department has always
been trea'ed in the public laws and recognized
by Congress as an integral part of the Army,
and never as a department of the civil service
attached to the Army. Therefore the reason
which was suggested by the Quartermaster
General for this change, it seems to me, was
totally unfounded in fact.
Now, sir, this change was recommended
by the Quartermaster General in regard to his
own bureau. He did not of course undertake
to lecommend its application to bureaus with
which lie liad no official connection. He rec-
ommended it for his own department as an
alteration to be made there, and ill the draft
of a bill, or a project for a bill which is an-
nexed to his letter, he put in a proviso that no
officer of the department should be discharged
from the service in the execution of the law.
It was very proper to do that, but it was, I am
obliged to say, a totally inadequate remedy or
compensation for the unavoidable mischief
and injustice resulting from the abolition of
these offices or titles ; because under that pro-
viso. as it was recommended by the Quarter-
master General, these officers, although they
might have obtained new commissions, would
all have lost many years of rank in the ser-
vice. This would necessarily result from the
necessity of their being recommissioned.
The rank which (hey had earned by long
years of service would have been taken away
from them. This, of course, was not intended
by the Quartermaster General in the suggestion
which he made. I have said that the Quarter-
master General's department has always been
recognized and treated as a constituent part
of the Army. Let me advert briefly to the
legislative history of this department. The
department underwent various alterations after
the Revolution, until the war with England, in
1812, when it was increased and reorganized
by placing General Swartwout at the head of
it as chief of the department, with the rank of
brigadier general, four quartermaster generals
with the rank of colonel, (increased in 1814 to
seven,) twelve deputy quartermaster generals,
and thirty assistant deputy quartermaster gen-
erals. I refer to the Army Register, dated
January 1, 181-j.
At the reduction of the Army in May, 1815,
the quartermaster's department was greatly
reduced: yet General Swartwout was retained
with the rank of brigadier general; this rank
