1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30B1
throughout all the States that, belong to this
Union there has been always a preponderating
loyal sentiment, in the South as well as in the
North. Two thirds of the people of the South
loved our flag, and hailed it in Tennessee as
well as elsewhere. These things have not been
well observed. They should have been well
observed. The observation has been neglected
because for this, that in some departments
of New England they thought they were the
loyalest of them all. It has been the pride
of my life to have lived among all these peo-
ples, and from the South, East, West, and
North all were loyal. The accident of con-
troversy changed the condition of society and
changed positions in States. I witnessed it.
It was witnessed by all men who were observ-
ant men. I regretted it, for I thought the South
were in error, and I always have. The major-
ity of the people of the South are loyal to the
banner of our country, always were. This was
not known or recognized well in the North,
because they were ignorant of the fact. I was
not ignorant of the fact, for I was conversant
with it.
In the tribulation of a war, with the chances
of battle and the chances of sudden death, men
differed, and some went one way and some
went another. Thus does it always happen in
all great civil controversies. I believe there is
as much regret to-<Jay in the South as there is
in the North for the great error in which they
indulged. Gentlemen seek now what is called
reconstruction. There is no such thing as re-
construction. There may be rehabilitation.
Wo may take them to our own house at home,
those who wandered away, and again embrace
them as brothers. That is a duty imposed upon
us by the highest laws and the highest princi-
ples that govern the conduct of persons among
the best classes of mankind.
I do not please to discourse, for all that there
is in and about the subject-matter of the present
controversy has been discussed with careful-
ness by men whom I will admit to be my mas-
ters. I cannot advise the Senate nor can I
instruct them in any form of words; yet it is
my duty in my place to state my solemn con-
victions.
This whole measure is supplying the foun-
dations of our institutions. If 1 have not for-
gotten myself, wise men built the foundations;
wise men built the superstructure, wise men
had to do with all that belongs to its edifica-
tion. If I have not been badly instructed,
tinkers have taken the hands and undertaken
to do what their fathers would not dare to do,
what I with the instructions I have had would
not dare to do. It has been said that "fools
rush in where angels fear to tread." It has
seemed to me that that was the habitude of
men who think they are fit to be Senators of
a great nation. If I differ with them in opin-
ion I ask their pardon for the difference. We
have got a great work to do. The nations are
at war. Prance and Austria and France and
Italy are at war. We not a long time hence
will be at war with our legions in the field.
These things will happen, and they have to be
looked at with a bold eye and a firm front.
These things are not to be disguised. Why is
Maximilian now to-day maintained as the house
of Hapsburg in Mexico? A trick of political
strategy, a trick alone, nothing more, nothing
less. He has to leave Mexico absolutely; and
wlvy has it not been done? Permit me now to
say it is the fault of our own Government, for
had it been said by the officer who has charge
of the foreign relations of this Government,
"Noli me iangere," there would have been no
occupation of Mexico by Maximilian, or the
house of'Austria, or Louis Napoleon. These
things have to be corrected, and they have got
to be corrected by the stern will and the deter-
mined force of the men of the country wherein I
was born, whose interests I intend to maintain.
Again, Mr. President, there are other ques-
tions—and as I am speaking I am not making
a speech, but I am talking—I may ask, what
about the trouble on our northern frontier, and
what about that trouble in Ireland?
Mr. CLARK. The Fenians!
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, 1he Fenians. I
know something about 1745, and I know some-
thing of Vinegar Hill. Now, I will say that
in my judgment the less we have to do with
that the better.
But, Mr. President, we have got to loolc with
great carefulness at the question pending—
this matter of reconstruction, so called. I do
not say reconstruction; I say rehabilitation.
These men of the South are, after all, our own
brothers. Why should we call them enemies?
Is it because we are afraid of them? Is it
from a cowardly spirit? Why should wo be
afraid of them ? Why not invite them into our
own house? I say to them, come back to our
house and sit down with us and dine with us
and enjoy our hospitalities. Those who are
not willing to say that are violating a great
law of truth and a great law of justice, and
those who undertake to maintain such a posi-
tion must themselves bo subjugated. I am
opposed to subjugation, have been always, but
if subjugation has to come, there have been
inquiries, wdio is to be subjugated? I have
lived in pretty near all portions of this Repub-
lic, and I will not allow the conquered to be
subjugated as long as I can spell my own name
and dare to call myself by my own nomen.
These nlen were, by the exact contract of the
Government, invited to come back and enjoy
their rights. They accepted the proposition.
When Lee surrendered it was an acceptance
of the proposition. By whom is it denied?
By brave men? No. Why should they not
come back and grasp our hands and say, "We
were brothers once; we differed years ago ;
now we come back to embrace you?' ' Why
should wo not accept their embrace? Can any
man state why? It is not within the range of
thought for expression to state it..
I went down once on the Mississippi, at the
opening of this war. I met a general of the
confederate army, and I took him by the hand,
and took him to my state-room, on board of
my gunboat. Said he, "General," throwing
his arms around me, "how hard it. is that you
and I have to fight.'' That was the generosity
of a combatant. I repeated to him, "It is
hard," and he and I drank a bottle of wine—
or two just as like as not. [Laughter.] This
thing of bearing malice is one of the wickedest
sins that men can bear under their clothes. 1
think the general of the confederate army who
said that to me—he was an old acquaintance
of mine—showed more gallantry in saying it
than any person shows who cuises them. I
took him to my room and treated him kindly.
We would have fought at the instant, if it had
been a fight, but not being a fight we treated
each other generously.
I am for reintegration as soon as possible.
No, I do not like that term "reintegration.''
I prefer the term rehabilitation, which was
given to us by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowax.] I say let ns rehabilitate them
as soon as possible and make them friends and
brothers. Otherwise we make them enemies:
and for what cause? There is no cause. We
are all capable of faults. Who is there that is
not? Thereisalesson, I believe, taught by the
Master: "Let him that is without sin cast the
first stone." Wickedness belong? to all people
that have got bono and nerves and will.
I say this measure is wrong radically, and I
say further, it is my opinion that white men of
the Caucasian race were made for governors,
and that negroes are only fit to be a subject
race. I do not care for their subjection here.
I wish for them all to be free and away. Never-
theless, not with my consent, not by any force
which I can employ, shall they be allowed to
have to do with governing me or my kindred.
That is one reason why I oppose the whole
piinciple of the measure, and if I fall down, I
will fall like Ctesar.
Mr. HENDERSON. I propose to discuss
the first section only so far as citizenship is
involved in it. I desire to show that this sec-
tion will leave citizenship where it now is. It
makes plaiu only what has been rendered doubt-
ful by the past action of the Government. If
I be right in that, it will be a loss of time to
discuss the remaining provisions of the section,
for they merely secure the rights that attach to
citizenship in all free Governments.
.lustiee McLean, in the Dred Scott case, said:
"Being born under our Constitution and laws, no
naturalization is required, as one of foreign birth, to
make him a citizen. Tlie most general and appro-
priate definition of the term citizen is a'freeman."
So the learned judge held that" Dred Scott,"
having his domicile in a State different from
that of the defendant, and being a freeman, is
a citizen within the act of Congress, and the
courts of the Union are open to him.
From his argumentit follows that any person,
black or white, born upon the soil of a State,
is a citizen of that State, unless he be born in
slavery, and if he be born a slave, he becomes
a citizen so soon as by the laws of the State he
becomes a free man. His opinion leads to the
conclusion that citizens of States are necessa-
rily citizens of the United States. All born
on the soil free are citizens of the respective
Slates of their birth, and therefore citizens of
the United States. Those born on foreign soil,
ho holds, cannot be invested with rights of
citizenship without naturalization.
He says further:
"While X admit the Government was not made
especially for the colored race, yet many of them were
citizens of the New England States, and exercised
the rights of suffrage when the Constitution was
adopted."
Judge McLean might have gone further and
enumerated other than New England States
that acknowledged the citizenship of African
freemen at that date.
All remember the opinion of the supreme
court of North Carolina, delivered by Judge
Gaston, and reported in the case of State vs.
Manuel, 4 Dev. & Bat. 20. He said:
"According to the laws of this State, all human
beings within it, who arc not slaves, fall within one
of two classes. Whatever distinctions may have ex-
isted in the It Oman laws between citizens and free
inhabitants, they are unknown to our institutions.
Before our Involution, all tree persons born within
the dominions of the Kmpcot (ireat Britain, whatever
their color or complexion, were native-born British
subjects; those born out of his allegiancc wore aliens.
Slavery did not cxi^t in England, but it did in the
British colonies. Slave* were not in legal parlance
persons, but property. X'iic moment the incapacity,
the disqualification of slavery was removed they
became pe^ons, and were then either British subjects
or not tiritich subjects, according as they were or
were not born within the allegiance of the British
King. Upon the devolution, no other change took
place in the laws ot North Carolina than was conse-
quent on the transition from a colony dependent on
a European kmg to a tree and sovereign State, Slaves
lemained slaves. British subjects in North Carolina
became North Carolina freemen. Foreigners, until
made members of the State, remained aliens. Slaves
manumitted here became freemen, and therefore, if
born within North Carolina, are citizens of North
Carolina, and all free persons born within the State,
are born citizens ol' the State. The constitution ex-
tended the elective franchise to every freeman who
had arrived at, the age of twenty-one and paid a
public tax: and it is a matter of universal notoriety
that under it free persons, without icgardto color,
claimed and excreted the franchise until it was taken
from free men of color a few years since by our
amended constitution."
Judge Curtis, in his dissenting opinion in the
Dred Scott case, says: " To determine whether
any free persons descended from Africans held
in slavery were citizcns of the United States
under the Confederation, and consequently at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution of
the United States, it is only necessary to know
whether any such persons were citizens of
either of the States under the Confederation.
Of this," he said, " there can be no doubt."
At the time of the ratification of the Articles
of Confederation free native-bom inhabitants
of the Stat esof New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
New York, New Jersey, and North Carolina,
though descended from African slaves, were
not only called citizens of those States, but
such of them as had the other necessary quali-
fications possessed the franchise of electors
on equal terms with other citizens.
In conclusive proof of his reasoning on this
subject Judge Curtis cites the action of Con-
gress when framing the Articles of Confeder-
ation. The fourth article, it will be remem-
bered, provides "that the free inhabitants of
