1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3991
submitted to dispeople; theyhave ratifiedand
confirmed it; they bare abolished slavery: they
have renounced the infernal heresy of seces-
sion : they liave repudiated the rebel debt;
they have conformed their legislation to that
of Congress; they have adopted our recent
constitutional amendment; and, what is more
than all the rest, and what is not recited in
this preamble, if I understand it, but is a thing
I hat moves me stronger to the admission of the
State than anything else, they have disfran-
chised their rebels and denied them the privi-
lege of participating in the State government.
That is the ark of safety. No State can safely be
permitted to come into this Congress with rep-
resentation until she has disfranchised her rebel
community. If they are permitted to partici-
pate in her legislation aud are the majority in
all those States, it is impossible that tlicy can
be represented upon this floor either by Union
or disunion men. It is not in the nature of
things.
This State has done that, and I wish that
specification had been in this preamble. I
think that nothing she has done commends
lier to our approbation more clearly than the
fact that she has done precisely by her legisla-
tion what we are endeavoring to do by one
article in our constitutional amendment—pro-
vided that no person shall hold any office un-
der this Government who has participated in
any way in the rebellion. Tennessee has not
only done this, but she has disfranchised them ;
they cannot participate in the State Legisla-
ture ; they cannot vote there. I wish that fact
had been stated in the preamble, so that when
my constituents come to inquire why I voted
to admit the State of Tennessee intotheUnion
they may in reading the very law be enabled
to see why I did it, and not have to guess at it.
i pay no regard to all that has been said
here in relation to the President probably ve-
toing your bill, for anything he may do, in my
judgment, is entirely out of order on this floor.
Sir. in olden times it was totally inadmissible
in the British Parliament for any member to
allude to any opinion that the King might en-
tertain on anything before the body ; and mucli
more, sir, ought an American Congress never
to permit any member to allude to the opinion
that the Executive may have upon any subject
under consideration. He has his duty to per-
form, and we ours; and we have no right what-
ever under the Constitution to be biased by
any opinion that lie may entertain on any sub-
ject. Therefore, sir, I believe that it is or
ought to be out of order to allude to any such
thing here. Let the President do what he con-
ceives to be his duty, and let us do ours, with-
out being biased in any way whatever by what
it may be supposed he will do.
1 hope, sir, that we shall shrink from none
of the principles that wo have avowed. This
preamble is but a very vigorous summary of
the principles about which we have been con-
tending all winter; and who is to shrink from
them now? Let them all there stand out like
the sun at noonday as the doctrines of the
party, the doctrines of Congress, the doctrines
of the Constitution, and that we hold these doc-
trines to be sacred, and put them forth as the
reason of our action to be seen of all men. I
hope we shall adopt it just as it came from the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I regret very much
that this preamble has been suggested, not that
it takes away anything from the resolution or
adds anything to it, but simply because it will
be regarded as committing those gentlemen
who vote for the resolution to everything that
may be said in the preamble. We cannot vote
for this preamble without crossing the opin-
ions of a good many of our friends here. That
is a veiy certain fact; and I think that it is
totally and wholly unnecessary to force those
of us who may disagree to the facts stated in
the preamble to vote for it in order to accom-
plish the end to be desired. I mean the pream-
ble that has been presented by the Committee
on the Judiciary. It is a bad system anyhow
to undertake to set out any facts in the pream-
ble that you can dispense with. It is better
to take the resolution, as was very properly
stated by the Senator from Iowa, because it
carries within itself everything that we desire
to assert. I do not like the preamble that
comes from the House. I would prefer that
that preamble should be entirely dropped with
the exception of that part of it which declares
that the people of Tennessee have adopted the
amendment of the Constitution which was pro-
posed at the present session of Congress. That
is enough, because that will indicate to the
people that upon that fact, that Tennessee has
adopted that constitutional amendment, we are
satisfied to receive lier; that is, if we are sat-
isfied upon any facts at all. The, resolution
itself says:
That t!io State of Tennessee i-; hereby restored to
her former proper, practical relations to the Union.
If she could be restored without the action
of Congress, as has been very properly said,
what would bo the use of making this declara-
tion?
And is again entitled to be represented by Senators
and Representatives in Congress.
If we declare by law that she is entitled now
to be represented, the inference of course is
that without this act of Congress she would
not be so entitled. What is the use of thus
expressing it unless that be the fact?
As to the preamble that has been reported
by the Judiciary Committee, 1 do not know the
facts stated in it, and therefore I shall not vote
that I do know them. It is a mere assertion
of facts, and unless I know those facts I shall
not vote for them. The first is—
And whereas the people of said State did, on the
22(1 day of February, 18o5, by a large popular vote,
adopt and ratity a constitution ol government, re-
publican in form a-:;d not inconsistent with the Con-
stitution and laws of the IJnjfed States.
The honorable chairman of the Judiciary
Committee has seen fit to propose this new
preamble without giving us a copy of tho con-
stitution of Tennessee. I am certain 1 have
not read it; I do not know what that constitu-
tion is; and I am called upon, without, ever
having this preamble printed, to cast, an im-
portant vote declaring that proposition. I do
not know any such thing. My colleague [Mr.
Brown] says that he is not prepared to vote
that Tennessee has a constitution republican
in form. One thing I do knOw, that the able
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumneii,]
my colleague, and various others that I can
point out in this body, will not vote that the
constitution of'Tennessee is republican m form,
at least since the adoption of the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery. We under-
stand—I have i'„ from parties interested, from
the members of Congress elect from Tennessee
who arg most urgent in having lier admitted—
that she excludes tho entire negro population
everlastingly from the ballot. How can the able
Senator from Michigan aud the able Senator from
Massachusetts, ray own colleague, and various
others, vote for that proposition? I am aston-
ished that it should be assented to by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] who, in a discussion
here a short lime ago said that lie regarded no
constitution as republican in form which ex-
cluded from the ballot the negro population.
There are perhaps four or five hundred thou-
sand negroes in tho State of Tennessee entirely
excluded by this constitution; and Congress is
called upon to declare that that constitution is
republican in form. I am making no objec-
tion to it; but why force our friends here who
do object to it to vote it?
The Senator from Ohio says that it is very
improper to refer to the President. But sap-
pose that the President vetoes this proposition
and it is sent back to us; will my colleague
vote for it? Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts vote for it, or will lie sustain the
President's veto? lie will be forced to sus-
tain the veto. Why? Simply in eonsC'juenee
of a statement m the preamble that 1h;s con-
stitution is republican in form. Why put our
friends m ibis situation .' ! ■ there any ueei s-
sily for it.' I think not; and I sinceieU hupe
that the able Senator who has this resolution M
in charge will see fit to withdraw so much at
least or this preamble as asserts that proposi-
tion, because^ although he and myself may be-
lieve that this constitution is republican in
form, yet we ought at least concede something
to the views and opinions of able and distin-
guished Senators who think otherwise. Be-
sides, even if I thought this constitution re-
publican in form, I am not prepared to say
that it does not in any manner conflict, with
the laws of the United States. I do not know
whether that is so or not.
Again, the preamble declares that by the
constitution of Tennessee all "ordiLaucc3 and
laws of secession and debts contracted jnder
the same were declared void." I do not know
that fact. I ask the distinguished Senator who
is chairman of the Judiciary Committee, is he
prepared to say that the constitution of Ten-
nessee abolishes all " ordinances and laws of
secession and debts contracted under the same?''
There was a volume of legislation published
by the Tennessee Legislature every year. I do
not know whether all of those laws are made
void or not. I am not prepared to say whether
the people of Tennessee have seen fit to wipe
out every vestige of secession, and to draw from
their government the virus of opposition to the
United States that they indulged in during tho
late war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I can best an-
swer the Senator from Missouri, if he wishes
an answer on this point, by reading a clause of
the constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will give way for
that purpose, for really I have not seen the
constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Section five of the new
constitution of Tennessee, as adopted, is in
these words:
"AH laws, ordinances, and resolutions, a? well as
all ac.H done in pursuance thereof, underthe author-
ity ot the usurped State government, under the dc-
cdai'cd independence of the State of Tennessee, on
and aiter the Gth day of May, 1881, were unconstitu-
tional, null, and void from tho beginning : Pronifhd,
That this section shall not be construed as to affect
any .iudii ial decisions made by the .State, courts held,
at times differing from those provided bylaw pi un-
to May 0,1861; said iudieial deoisionsbeim; made pur-
suant to the laws of the State of Tennessee enacted
previous to said date, and between parties piesent
in court and litigating their rights/'
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose !hat that
even would leave any right growing up under
secession laws and ordinances still attaching to
the individual.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This does not change"
it; it is a mere recital.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not ask that it
should; but this is a very important declara-
tion for us to be making.
Then there is another declaration here, which,
is also in the House resolution, that Tennessee
"has also shown to the satisfaction of Con-
gress, by a proper spirit, of obedience iu the
body of her people, her return to her due alle-
giance to the Government, laws, end authority
of the United States." The Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] a little more than it year ago, in
discussion on this lloor, and the able Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] also stated, as
I distinctly remember, that they would not vole
for the return of any State into the Union until
it was clearly manifest that a majority of the
people of that State showed themselves willing
to return and obedient to tho laws and Consti-
tution of the United States : in other woids,
loyal. Now, I am very well satisfied that a
majority of the people of Tennessee to-day—
that is, the original white voters—are not loyal,
and have not been since 1801. A large ma-
jority of them were disloyal then and are dis-
loyal to-day. And yet the Senator from Ohio -
desires to assert all these propositions to-day,
and insists upon having a volo immediately.
He must have them all assorted. I am not
prepared to assert them. He says that the
people of Tennessee have shown a right spirit
bv disfranchising the rebels. Ha- ( tliey dis-
franchised a majority of thoir people in so
doing.' Yes; and they have disfranchised ail
