1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
ity to declare war against a State; and they go
oil; each of them, to maintain that the power
conferred upon Congress in regard to the south-
ern rebellion is the power conferred by that
clausc of the Constitution which gives them
authority to suppress insurrection, and is cur-
ried out li}' the passage of the acts of 1702
and 1795 ; and yet they say. and say properly,
as I think, (although in relation to that there
was a difference of opinion, but only as to the
time when that condition of tilings existed,) that
an insurrection maybe of such an extent as en-
tirely to put a stop practically to the authority of
the Government, that, it may become a war ac-
coiding to the extent to which it may be carried
on by the insurgents. "What did they say it for?
Whtu was the question before the court?
The President had blockaded the southern
poits: prices had been made for a violation of
the blockade, and the question in each of those
prize elites was whether the vessels captured
were subject to forfeiture. The majority of the
court held that, independent of your act of'Jttlv
13, 18(11, a state of war existed, out of which
grew belligerent rights, and one of the belliger-
ent rights is the right of capture for violation
of a blockade instituted by one belligerent as
against, the other belligerent. That is all. The
minority of the court came to the same result
in relation to captures made after the passage
of the act of July 13. 1801. They denied (hat
there was a war within the meaning of the
Constitution existing antecedent to that period,
because the whole war power was conferred
upon Congress, and the President, had no right,
to initiate war. but when the war existed under
the sanction of Congress it carried with it all
the rights which belonged to belligerents, and
therefore carried with it the right of the United
States to blockade the enemy's ports, that being
a belligerent right, and to capture for violation
of the blockade.
My friend from Maine says virtually (he did
not refer to the decision in terms) that there is
no distinction between a civil war and an inter-
national war, and with the clearness which
belongs to all his speeches he got on pretty
well until he came to consider what, effect upon
that condition of war would be the operation
of our peculiar Government, and he seemed to
be a little puzzled to reconcile his own mind to
the conclusion that the Government of the Uni-
ted States could by war of any kind put an end
to a State government.
Mr. FKSSFIXPFN. 1 beg the honorable
Senator to understand that if J have not made
the matter clear it is for want of ability to make
that plain to others about which, however puz-
zled L may he in the gentleman's eyes, I have
not the slightest doubt in my ov,-n mind.
Mr. JOHNTSOX. Judging from the report
it seems to have flitted across the mind of the
' honorable member that perhaps there might be
something in fhe peculiar character of the Gov-
ernment that would make a distinction. Xow,
I understand htm !o say, what he intended to
say at that lime, that there is no distinction.
Mr. FKSSEXDEX. That was a necessary
part of the argument. I discussed the ques-
tion whether it. did change it. My opinion was
that it did not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not turn to the re-
port, because it may not be correctly reported,
but my memory is very distinct, as far as the
report, is concerned. But. now. is there not a
distinction? Is there not some difficulty arising
from the fact that the Government of the Uni-
ted States is not a Government over the State
at all? The Government, of the United States
and the government of the State are equally,
as far as the people of that State are concerned,
the government of the people of that State.
They owe allegiance to a certain extent to the
Government of the United States: they owe
allegiance to a much greater extent to the gov-
ernment of the State. The General Govern-
ment cannot get on without the States. The
States are not only a component but. an essen-
tial part of the General Government. Blot them
out. and the Government is at an end; blot
thorn out, and these seats must be vacated, and
the other Hall he left desolate. Nobody can |
deny that. We could not vote ourselves in per- it
mancnt session, 1 suppose. If not, our time I;
expires: and how are our places to be filled ! fi
If any one State is left, or any two or three :
States are left, there will be some three or four
or five or six Senators. Is that the Government J
our fathers designed? How is the judicial dc- ;!
partment of the Government to exorcise its ;|
functions? It. has no courts in these States if
they have ceascd to be States ; if they are Ter-
ritories, there is an end to the judicial system,
so far as those Territories and the people who
are to be found within their limits are con-
cerned. In tiie case of Canter rn. The Ameri-
can Insurance Company, (1 Peters.) which litis
been very often before this body, and brought
to the attention of the public as demonstrat-
ing the authority of Congiess to regulate, even
by abolishing, slavery in the Territories, ibis
question was dccided. The case is pregnant
with instruction upon various points in this
debate. It aro'e in this way : a vessel was
wrecked upon the coast of Florida, then a Ter-
ritory, and the cargo and the vessel, in part,
wore rescued, and the salvors filed a petition
in the admiralty court of Florida, a court con-
stituted by the Territorial Legislature of Florida
for the sale of the property to pay them the
amount of their salvage, and it was sold. The
property came into the hands of the purchaser
and he carried it. 1 o South Carolina. Upon the
wreck of the vessel the insured abandoned to
the underwriter, and (lie underwriter, when the
property came into the port of Charleston, sued
the person hi whose possession it was to recover
it, and lie defended himself upon the ground
that the decrce under which it was sold was a
legitimate decree. The Supreme Court, came
to that conclusion. Anion? other objections to
the validity of that decree was this: the eomt
in Florida consisted of judges appointed for a
limited time, whereas the courts known to the
United Slates under the Constitution of the
United States were composed of judges hold-
ing office duriiiggood behavior; and it was clear
that, if what, had been done was done under the
judiciary clause of the Constitution of the United
States the sale was void, because, the court was
unconstitutional. Chief .Justice Marshall said :
"Tt has been oontendedtliai, by the Con-t'tution,
the iudieiaf power ot tin1 United Stated extends to nil
cases of admiralty and mai uimejurisdietion, tout that
ttio whole of this iudieiaf power liiu-t be vested 'in
or.e Supreme Com t and in such inferior eoni t« a s Om-
eross shall from tune to time ordain and establish.'
llenee it has been argued that Congress cannot ve.-t
admiraHv iuiisdietion in courts created bythc Terri-
torial Legislature.
" We have only to pursue this nibiect one step fur-
ther top erecive that tit is pro vis! on ofihe Constitution
docs notapply to it. The next sentence declares that
'thejudges, both of tfie supreme and inferior courts, I
shall hold their offices durma pood behavior.' The t
judjres of the snpenior eouits of Florida hold their a
offices for fouryears. TliesecourK then, arc not con- ||
stitm'ional courts, in which the judicial power con- I,
f cried by the Consntui ion on the Gen era! Government
can bo deposited. They are meapablc of receiviuc it." i
Xow, let me apiily this to what I have just j
stated. If it be so, why are your courts now !
in those Stales vested with the judicial author- j
ity conferred by the Constitution of (he ' nited
Stares, exercising all their functions, adminis-
tering justice a'- betwef n man and man in those ;
cases in which jurisdiction is conferred upon
them by the Constitution ? Vi by are they there j
Only because they aro still States. The mo- i
ment you strike them down from the elevated j
character of States to the subordinate eharae- !
ter of Territories, at once the judicial author- j
ity of the Flitted Suites ceases w iiUin their Jim- j
iis: any yet what is the Supreme Court doing? j
What did they do the other dav unanimously with
the exception of the Chief Justice?^ Ihey are j
receiving now records from the decisions ol the I
courts in those States and they arehearing them, j
By a special order, passed a few days since, they i
directed that parties whose cases were here 1 rom !
the States lately in rebellion should have a right, j
if they applied for its enjoyment, to have their !
eases heard in advance, they having lost t.heir '
priority only bccause of the war. and the court
held tiiat, the war ended, the judicial authority
of the United States at'once attached ; and if
the doctrine of Canter «.?. The American Insur-
ance Company be sound, (and nobody can dis-
pute it; nobody, certainly, in the past has dis-
puted it.) if the judicial authority contained in
the Constitution is an authority conferred only
upon the courts with reference to the United
States as contradistinguished from the Terri-
tories, the Supreme Cburt, could only have come
to the conclusion that those cases' were to be
heard now and decided now, because they were
of opinion that those Slates are now States of
the Union.
it is always agreeable to have the support of
a friend on all political questions. What did
the Senator fiom Ohio, the same Senator to
whom I have alluded before, [Mr. Wade,]
think was the condition of these States ? lie
was very anxious to have passed the bill that
was passed in the House of Pepresentatives
and came here for our approval in the summer
of 1804—a bill so eloquently defended by the
late member from Baltimore, Mr. Davis, and
it "was proposed hero to amend it. It was ob-
noxious to objection on fhe part of some. It
did not provide that there should be no distinc-
tion on account of color; and that seemed to
touch the sensibility of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts. Among other things he said, true
to his doctrine, that these States had blotted
themselves out of existence, if we hail not blot-
ted (hem ; and he was answered in this way by
the honorable member from Oluo :
" tt ha« been contended in (ho House of Represent-
atives, it lias been contended upon tins floor, that the
States may lose their organization, may lose theil*
lights as States, ftnt.y 3o?e their coiporate eauaeity by
rebellion. I utterly deny that doctrine. I hold that
onee a State ol (hit Union, always a iStaie; that you
cannot by wron<r and violence dh-plaee tbo rights of
any body or dtsoi wtuze the Slate. It would bo a most
hazardous punoiple to a-'si 11 that."—Conyrcwional
67 obr. Thirl •J-HUjldll GonyrC'H, p.3-i50.
Now, as t.0 this right of war. \\ ar. says my
friend from Maine, though it be a civil war,
carries with it all belligerent rights. It. does
carry all belligerent rights that arc not incon-
sistent with the character of the parties engaged
in the war. What sort of a war is it that we
are supposed to have been waging against these
insurgents, this civil war, as he imagines it to
have been? Was it.a war of conquest? Could
it. be a war of conquest? If it was, it would
have been the most extraordinary conquest that
ever was made; it would have been a Govern-
ment conquering itself. The States are a part
of itself. Its existence depends upon the ex-
istence of the States. Ton cannot elect a Pres-
ident without the States; you cannot elect mem-
bers of the House of llepresentatives without
the States: you cannot elect members of the
Semite without the States. Then to suppose
that, under the authority to suppress insurrec-
tions, however those ir.surieelions may be car-
ried on, into whatever magnitude they may cul-
minate, is to enable the Government to destroy
the Stales under the doctrine of conquest, is to
hold the doctrine that the Government can con-
quer itself. Whoever heard of that? What!
the Government of the United States conquer
States, and, by virtue of that conquest, extin-
guish the States! You might as well attempt
to conquer the President: perhaps that may be
done one of these clays, sooner or later; or the
President might as "well attempt to conquer
Congress: that may be done: and some people
think, perhaps, that it ought to be done; but
what is the result of either.' The Government
is either fatally destroyed or seriously wounded.
A power, then, conferred on Congress to pre-
serve is a power which Congress has a right to
exert for I no purpose of destroying. A power
to be, exerted merely for the purpose of % indi-
cating the authority of the Constitution and the
laws, seeing that they are faithfully observed
by fhose who are bound to observe them, is an
authority which, with reference to the people
upon whom it is exercised, may be so carried
on as to deslioy the authority and tno 1 a v,s.
Can that be so? What is the meaning of the
book? [Holding up Vattel.] My friend did not
read it. He only did me the credit to sny that
I was familiar with the whole doctrine, and he
kindly intimated that the propositions for which
