1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ho contended were to be found in a book un-
der his hand. That was all 1 hoard of it. If
my brother, professional and senatorial, had
read the book he would have found, T think,
that it contains no such doctrine. You can
acquire—that is the chapter of Vattel lo which
he called my attention—you can acquire prop-
eitybyconquest; but! spcftk, as I think, under-
slandmgly, not only standing upon the author-
ity of Vattel, but upon the authority of every
writer upon the law of nations with which I am
at all familiar j when I say that nowhere do any of
them maintain the proposition that a Govern-
ment can conquer ityeH'. One nation carrying on
war against another may obtain ils territory, its
people, byone of two modes, eitherby conquest
ofteciod by absolute subjugation, or by treaty in-
dependent of actual conquesl ; hut when a Gov-
ernment wages war as against ils own citizens,
no matter what may he 1 he form of government,
be it monarchii ;rl. he it imperial, ho it demo-
Ciatic, the result is ihe.^ame. It it carries on
war againM ils own citizens, it may, ii the war
is carried on to a successful termination, pun-
ish the men who have been engaged in it j but
the country remains; no title to the country is
obtained by conquest. Whatever right it has
in such a contingency is the ri«ht. wiili which it
started. That original right was suspended by
force of arms; the arms subdued, the suspen-
sion ceases, and the Govcrmm-nl stands as it
stood when the war originated. Inning but the
one country under ihe one (on eminent; and
whatever may be the form of government, it*
it came-; on the war to a '-'uceessfiil result, all
that it has a, ib-hi to do is lo punish the indi-
vidual parties u ho have been concerned in the
opposition to ils aulhoiii). I lead fioni Val-
id, pa#; a Mmicnce only ;
"In the eoiHjm^U (it* ancient oven indivhl-
lost their UuuK N or il mat U r of mu pi im> t hat
in the iir.-t n"es ot' Rome Mich a custom "lioukl have
\n*oviuled. Yhowar'- t t' that era were earned oti be-
tween oupntar v^pnbli" • and < oui munitoM. The Si ,i te
j>o -st* •• I \ t ry little, and (11 e iiuii u I \v a-; in realilv
t he en; u in on iMli-r ot ;ill I It'1 < i I !/'Me-. Hill at pie rli t
war Me>. - <lresi<!t'ui in it-• <'oiw<|ii'Miucs to tlit1 mi I tied;
DUiltrj'-' n e<M>mhfie.l n ilh nioro liuiiuut 11 y ; diii"-'h\ -
eivi.wn ina k(u ni !i;>'uns ■>! a not her ;-o\ ei vmu, and nut
n^aimt the unarmed eni/.en.-. The eon |iieror sei/'s
on llic iia.wsiiiiiMii j he Si at e, t ho public propevlv,
whHo puvulu individual-; uro peunitled to retain
theirs. ThcysutVer hul indirectly l y the war; ami
Iho coumuo-4 onl> MthjeeK t hem to a new nia:-t ei."
]>ut when lite war is over, what are the rights
of a soveicigu o\er his eouqueied subjects?
Van el answcis the quo-lion on page -l-O:
" Wiioii (he sou-iei"!! hiH Mihdned the opposite
Jmri\ , ami re<hi'-' <1 Homo I o submit mid mio t'oi pt'.ice,
liniv cuvp! hoin (he anneals the author^ of (he
<[isl ai It.ni.t he hyiuis ni Umpaiiv; he nt!t,\ lnni::
Hum In a li-.'aJ tiial, ami puui. >h lUrin, if they bo
found ':ail!\
Tha! i ; all thai he can do.
V r. l'T!SSKXi>KN. A re ! Itose words, ki ilia!
IB u'i that he can do." there? j
Mi- -HMINSON, No; but thev might lane I
])(vii put there Io express more eleaily whatj
the an!hor meant. |
Mi'. I'lc-ideul, I am getting tired, and the |
Senate is grtimg tired, and I lune not done by !
an)'means. Although not immediately belong-
ing to the cpueMhm whieh I am discas '-ing, il is
not inappropriate for oncof the purposes! have
in view lo call the aUentiou of the Senate lo
another pa.-sag<- in the great work of this . ame
wrib-r. ]>aue ;JU>:
" S1 Ton mutely hanpojis that, in thi-; particular, a^
In t \ <lt' '■ iiiii't eh (>, f on nd pnl'u y ami Innuanii v are in
lu-ilec' aevord. What }ideh;>". \v!iat , s-istain e, can
you e\*prv! jroni an oppre-^-'cti pooph*? Dojuu'.ndi
th.i,' >011! eoi:(|U''.~; ma;, pi o\ <■ ,i lea I addition t <> > win
f«tr.'t>V'h a-idheuel! aliV'-ted lo you? 'i'lo.it it a^ a
fiMiur. a ti ue >ovei ci'rn. 1 .oa eiumaed v. llii the
poneruiii au-wcr recorded of' an embassador ircm
Pri vemuui. Desiu? hi) rodm-cti 1 <> 11\.  Horn an Sena i e,
hew jr. n-ked by i he < on-ui, ' if ^ e show > <ui cieinon-
cy, what dependence can we ha\ e on the peac \
arocoui'; to Mie lor ?' * i i,1 i eplied tho^ cinha-,-ad>>r,
* jou yrunt it on roa-oiiahlecondihon-. it u di he >aic
and permanent; otiicmj-'c, it will not last haiir.'
Some took oiiOTifO at the boidrte--; ot'tlih speech; last
the moi'o ^eiuihle pjsrf- oi'tiio Senate appioyed ot'the
Pnveraiaii's nntwcv, doemina' it riic ]aoj".r lanauasre
ot a man and a fieeman. 'Can it he nmenncd,' ^aid
tho^o Senatoi-?-. 'that any nation, ot <-\ en auv
idaa!, VUU loiiicor ooutinuo m an iik-ome and
disajfrecnblrcoiuhiiun than while compelled to sub-
mit to it? If those to whom you give pence receice
It voluntarily, it may bo relied on;' what fidelity r.iu
you expect from tiioso whom you wish to reduce to
slavery?' 'Themostseouredomiuion/said Camxllus,
'is that which is acceptable to those over whom it is
•exercised.'"
There are many other matters, Mr. Presi-
dent, to which J might ad\erc, but I proceed
now very brietiy to consider the particular ques-
tion before the Senate. And hero it is sup-
posed that the view which T now take is incon-
sistent with one which, as a member oi the
Judiciary Committee, I maintained a year or
two a<$o. "What was that? The war was being
wa^ed ; it was by no means certain how it would
result; the Army wasinallthosouthcrnStates;
Louisiana was said to be in the keeping of the
military; the election it-was stated was an elec-
tion held under the authoiity and supervision
of the military j the same was said in the case
of Arkansas: and in that condition of things I
agreed to a report which said that it would be
improper to admit them until there was an act
of Congress; not that it was illegal to admit
I hem: nobody could protend that. The hon-
orable Senator from Maine, i think, admitted
the other day—I am not sure that I recollect
his speeeh correctly, but 1 so understood it—
that perhaps it would be in the power of either
branch of ('impress to admit Senators or Kep-
ivM'iiialives from these States even after the
passive of this resolution. What is the case
now? The war has been over almost a }ear.
What do you want to find out? Jh) you want
to iind out the theorclical opinions of the citi- I
/.ens.' Suppose you do tind that they entertain I
political opinions in theory that are different |
from your own, is then* any disloyalty in thai? :
Cannoi a man be a monarehi.-t in the United
Stales and ft ee ftoni any ( rime? Who can
doubt tbat ? Any Chti-dian neol mi^lit .-ay with
lite .-ame propriety, " ^ on must think precisely
as we think or be punished.*'
That doctrine does not exist at the present
day. Is there anything in oar institutions which
renders it incumbent on every man to think
I hat, the (lo\ernment under which he lives is
the bc.st (iovernment in the world? f have
ne\ er .supposed that that was any test of loyalty.
The <rood sense of the party may be questioned ;
his wisdom may be called into doubt; but that
is all, there is no disloyalty in it. Error of
judgment there may bo, bat there is no practi-
cal crime, and no crime of any sort. Nature
oives him the judgment with which he is en-
dowed ; and if in the fair exercise of 1 hat judg-
ment he comes to a political opinion different
from that en'eitaincd by hi^ fcllu.ws, is he to
be called a ci hninalV Nobody, I am sure, will
sav that that is a jml doctrine.
Then what are you tning to find out? You
y<i to the South and you examine A, K. and (',
to ascrlain whether they art4 disposed to be
Kind or not to the IVoodmeu. Suppose they
are no! ; suppose fhev think, some of them or
a oieat many ofthem, fha! il would have been
belter for the IVeedtneu that they should not
have been emancipated ; that it would have
been better for their Stales that they should
not have been emancipated ; that it would have
been better for the United States that they
should not have been emancipated ; is there
any crime in that? 'The late J'resident did the
<ame llun^. Read his proclamation and you
will see that he contemplated at one time only
: a gradual abolition; and it is yet a problem,
which time alone can work oul^what arc to be
the material result-; of emancipation. 1 have
my opinion that they will be exceedingly ad-
vantageous; but I am notdif-po.^ed to iind fault
•with him who entertains a different opinion,
and charge as against him disloyalty. I think
and have ever thought that slavery is wrong,
upon every ground, political and religions ;
but am 1 io quarrel with the men who have
thought otherwise, with the W'ashingrons, with
the Jefferson.*, and the Madisons who muH
ha\e entertained a different opinion practi-
cally, or at least an opinion that it was not
advantageous to have an in.xtantaneous eman-
cipation.
Now. 1 suppose, and my friend from Maine
supposes, and we all, perhaps, Piippose that the
rebellion had no just fcfundation; but a great
many people in the United States, even in the
loyal States, thought that it had. There w$s
no injustice, in my opinion, perpetrated by tlie
North upon the South that could not have been
corrected, if it was unjust, bvthe fair adminis-
tration of the Constitution of the United States;
but a great many thought that the time haa
come when safety to themselves demanded a
separation. They have paid the penalty of the
error, and now they are before us asking us,
through the proper constituted authority of tlie
country, to pardon the error; they are before
us now pledged, if we can take the testimony
of their leading men holding high official sta-
tion, to abide by the result of the trial to which
their doctrine of secession and of slavery has
been submitted. They stand before you now
admitting that their hopes arc centered in the
Union, that their safety is there to be found,
and there only, and they ardently implore you
to suffer them to come again into your midst,
share your duties, participate in your trials, join
their counsels to your own for the purpose of
making the country even greater than it was in
any time of the past.
Now, uhat do you say by this resolution?
"You must be kept out until Congress shall by
law declare,that you ought to be admitted."
When is that to be? t am no prophet; bat if
the signs of the times are to be relied upon,
that is to be just when Congress shall think
proper; and when they will think proper, and
why they will think proper, and what condi-
tions they will annex is all now in the womb of
time. Are they to be kept out until that mat-
ter is settled by Congress? They will be if
you pass this resolution and it is observed. Is
it light? I heard it on this floor when I had
formerly the honor of a seat in thW body, and
1 heard it in conversation from time to time,
sometimes angrily, sometimes socially, "the
southern men cannot be driven to separation,"
and 1 heard it from others that the northern
men could not be driven into Inutility as against
them. The error of both has been signal.
What sort of rebellion have we had? One
greater than the world has ever before wit-
nessed. You have crushed it. Now, what do
you propose to do? Vattel tells you, treat them
kindly and then yon will have peace; treat
tliem unkindly, deal with them as unequal,
treat them oppressively, and the time for a
renewed struggle depends only upon their be-
coming convinced that they have a reasonable
chance to make a icnewed struggle successful;
and if what you propose to do shall lead to
delay, which I suppose may he the consequence
of it, )ou will find that the people in the loyal
States will be dmded. They arc now asking
why is it, when not an arm is raided against the
authority of the (ioverninent, that wo have not
peace? Why is it that on the contrary we have
every day increased agitation? They see, a
great many of them, that one means of having
peace and quiet is to take the States back, to
give them all the rights which the Constitution
secures to them, to settlm citizens of the States
at work. Do this, let them be satisfied that
they have the protection of the Uovemment of
the Union, as well as the protection of their
own States, and the South soon will again blos-
som like the rose; her wealth in the past,
great as it has been, will prove to be as noth-
ing compared with w hat it will be in the future j
and my life for it—[ think 1 am warranted in
so saying from my knowledge of the character
of the men—my life for it, let them participate
in all the rights which the (Jovernmenfc was
intended to secure to all, and so far from the
country being imperiled, its increased strength,
its enhanced power, will date from that happy
day.
We have parsed through four years to all of
us of unexampled distress; our own homes have
felt the desolation of war; but our homes are
as nothingto the homes of the southern people.
"Where comfort and luxury were to be seen
and hospitality was extended to all, there is
now nothing but penury and almost absolute
want. Tim women of the South, brought up in
luxury and educated to refinement, aro now
