m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IS,
eoimd-thmkiiig people of tlie wkole country
may understand that ilie rights of one portion
of ptir citizens, -who have been invited by our
legislation to make their homes here are to be
stricken down—that, in one word, immigration
is to bo checked until the black man, by the aid
of the central Government, is able to compete
with the white labor of the country. If this
resolution means anything in behalf of the black
man, it means that while you are blindly seek-
ing to do a good thing toward the negro, you
are doing a very great injury to all classes of
society in this country. That resolution, sir,
does not bear the stamp of the wisdom and the
policy of this Government which raised this
country into first rank among nations, and has
extended its area from ocean to ocean, for, sir,
if it belonged to the wise legislation of the past,
it would provide that the foreigner seeking our
shores should have every advantage. It would
have promised him a happy future, a home, and
all those charms which the western world can
afford to those who are fortunate enough to have
homes in its midst. It would have avoided the
odious comparison between foreigners and ne-
groes, and at least have been silent on the igno-
rance of foreigners. There was a time, not very
remote,when Illinois was a 5Cerritory, and when
these very ignorant foreigners, alluded to by the
resolution, wandered in that direction under
the promise of homos and encouragement held
out to them by a wise and patriotic policy. The
people of the West then sent, out their emissa-
ries to the farthest land to induce men to come
here and settle; yes, sir, men ignorant of our
language, ignorant of our laws, and deficient,
perhaps, in many of those sterling, ipmlities
which characterize the favorite class of the gen-
tleman from Illinois. They were invited here
and dealt kiudjy with notwithstanding their ig-
norance of our language; and I believe that
one of the noblest monuments that policy has
developed is Illinois, rich in the abundance
of the products of her soil. She owes much
to these very ignorant foreigners. They were
the Germans to whom the gentleman must al-
lude as ignorant of our language; they were
many of them ignorant Irishmen, these hosts
of industrious men who have broughthis native
Stale, or rather his section, to its present glo-
lions feitilily and beauty. Yet the gentleman
now m the American Congress uses up and de-
nounces the ignorar.ee of our language and our
laws of these same foreigners as'a matter with
which they arc to be branded! Vet these immi-
grants and their sons have laid the foundation
jf the glory of this mighty nation. Yv'e know
tow many of our monuments of greatness we
ire indebted to them for, and yet the gentle-
man talks in this high-ilown way of these for-
eigners who are ignorant of our language and
our laws. "Why, sir, we and our laws and our
institutions are the result of immigr.ition. This
land is the refuge of white men from all parts
of the earth, and they have been allowed to
take for their assist ance the various elements
of civilization, whether the negro or Indian, for
the purpose of can-ring out some great and
ciddt-u design of the Ruler of the tiuiversc.
By what right docs the gentleman from Illi-
nois brand his fellow-men, who, two genera-
lions later than himself and his ancestors, have
come to find liberty and homes in the United
States of .North America? Is it philanthropy?
Is it patriotism? On the contrary, is it not
prejudice ?
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt the sentleman
agrees with me perfectly in what I have said.
I believe that hi his bosom lie knows this is a
nation for the white race. 1 believe that brave
officer, who has fought, and I have no doubt, is
willing to fight again for our institutions, knuws
tnat when his blood is shed it is to hand down
to his children the proud title of being Ameri-
can citizen?. _ He does not mean to declare that
there is no pride in his breast of race or color.
He docs nol, look upon himself as the inferior j
of the black man. Why, sir, if he went to the j
shorcsMif Africa, and met, an African chief ar- !
rayed in barbaric splendor, and could noi speak j
the language of the country, he would, accord- j
ing to the theory of his resolution, if not able
to speak the African language, be the black
man's inferior. And there are countries where
the gentleman would be arraigned for ignorance
if he were incapable of speaking no other lan-
guage than his own—countries high in civil-
ization. If I understand the gentleman cor-
rectly, every man who does not understand the
English language is inferior to himself. That
seems to be the logic of that resolution. Now,
when it is found necessary for these lovers of
African liberty and African civilization to seek
refuge from the miserable prejudices which
they entertain of the white race, I hope they
will take a sail to Congo river, and there pitch
their tents, recline in the shade, and surround
themselves with the peculiar fascinations and
privileges of Africa, where Venus allows no
limit to her power, and love rules every minute
of the hour. There they will find full scope for
their prejudices in behalf of the black race.
Sir, we have had enough of this love and zeal
for the black race. It is an epidemic akin to
the black vomit. It has generated in our
streets into a sort of yellow fever. We have a
color a shade lighter, but no better because ol
the mixture of white blood. If there is moral-
ity, dignity, and common pride of manhood in
the people of this country, there will be need
of some stronger enactment than resolutions
such as this to protect the black man. You
are trifling, gentlemen, with a mighty power.
You arc insulting the noblest pride of man, and
that, too, for party purposes. If you think the
humble immigrant comes to this country with
less pride than you, if you think he will sacrifice
the dignity of his race, you are mistaken.
T regret and shall always regret those mani-
festations of outrage by which the white man
rules this continent. I regret the outrages
which tiie British empire committed against
those wllo recently rose in Jamaica. Two or
three thousand humau beings have been sacri-
ficed in a brutal and summary manner. For
what? Was it philanthropy, or was it simply
British cruelty, or was it prejudice of color?
Whatever view you may take of it, one thing is
certain, the black raee is doomed if you array
the white man against him, as this resolution
does. Arouse the passions of the immigrants to
this country against the humble laborer of the
South, and what will be the result?' The first
field to be cultivated will be the field of battle,
and the extermination of this race, which you
pretend to protect, w ill be the certain and inev-
itable re.-ult. -
And yet in the faco of all this, the resolution
of the gentleman from Illinois leads off in an
attack upon the policy of this Administration
altera most happy change in its treatment of the
freedmen. You propose by again altering that
policy io array 0110 race against the other, and
to form two hostile parties on every field of in-
dustry and labor in this country, and to drive
the negro where no white man will follow to
compete with him : or else to itop immigration
and limit, the number of hands which shall ad-
vance the civilization of one section while you
cramp that of the other. It tends to 110 good.
If men ignorant of our language are to be turned
from our shores, and the negro, ignorant of
nearly everything, is to be protected by the Ad-
ministration, I would ask the wiseacres of phi-
lanthropy who propose such measures as this,
where they are to find the crops for export, the
cotton for our manufactories, and the white men
to meet the necessities of war as well as to ful-
fill the duties of peace?
I leave it to those who advance such a meas-
ure to explain the matter. I have mot it as I
would meet such a resolution at any time,
promptly wiih opposition. I regret that I felt
myself calkxl upon to delay the action of the
House, but I deemed it an important question.
And I regret I was called upon to take up so
important
to ar
wiil j,ei!'ect!y and fully meet the case.
A\ hi]e I admire ihe coolness with which the
party in the majon'ry on this floor advance
every dogma of their principles, I must thaufc
— — OUUVM UI/UU t<UVC uu MJ
>ortant a subject with so little opportunity
irran^e the arguments which in abler hands
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnswowh]
for his most admirable forgetfulness which
allowed mc to state my views, and apologize to
the House for the delay which I have caused.
Mjj. FAENS WOliTi I. I presume the House
and "the country have been greatly edified by
the highly eloquent speech of the gentleman
from New York, and I hope the House is now
prepared to refer the resolution to the com-
mittee indicated in my motion. I now call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and^
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the yeas and
, nays.
Mr. ANGONA. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table, and on that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 113, not voting 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Benjamin, Bergen, Boyer,
Brooks, Chanler. Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Olossbromier, Grider, Aaron Harding, Hogan, Chester
D. Hubbard, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam IF. "Randall, Rittrr. Rocr'crs, Ross, Rousseau,
Shanklin. Sitgreaves, Smith, Tuber, Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Whaley, Wintield, and
Wright—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow. Boutwell.Brandegee, Broin-
well, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conkl ing,Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis,
Doming, Dixon, Dnggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Parquhar, Ferry, Gariield, Grinnell,
Griswold. Hale, Aimer G.IIarding. Hart, Hayes, Hen-
derson. Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper. Asahcl W. Hub-
bard, Demas^Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James
li. Hubbell, Ilulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenc-kes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketchamjv uykendall,
Laftin, George Y.La wrcncc, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyeaij Lynch, Marston, Mai viu, MoClurg, Mcln-
doe, MelCee, Me P tier, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell. O'Neill, Ortb, Pat-
terson, Perham^Pike, Plants Price. Alexander H.
Rice, John II. Rico, Rollins, Sehenck, Seofield, Shcl-
labarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Ilorn,Ward,Warner, Llihn B. Washburne,
William B.Washburn, Welker, Wen tworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
W o o dbrid ge—113.
NQX VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley. James
M. Ashley, Barker, Buekland, Culver. Dawes De-
frees, Delano, Donnelly, Dumont, Goodyear, Harris,
Hotehkiss, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones,Kasson, Miller,
Paine. Pomorov. Radford, Raymond, Sawyer, Still-
well, Strouse, Robert T.Van Horn, and Voorhees—26.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
fer the resolution to the select committee, on
which the yeas and nays had been demanded.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew the demand for
the }reas and nays.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. FARNBVv ORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was referred j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HONOH TO THE LATE PRESIDENT.
The next business in order was the consid-
eration of the following resolution, submitted
by Mr. Ixge^soll on the Oth instant, and laid
over under the rule, debate arising thereon :
JZcwlcud, That the committee to be appointed un-
der the resolution providing for the appointment of a
joint committee of one Irom each State, to take into
consideration what token of respect and affection it
may lie proper for die Conjut^ of flic t'nked States
to express concerning ^ho event of the decease of tho
]atc President, Abraham Lincoln, be directed to take
into consideration the expediency ol providing for
the completion of the Washington monument, with a
view to the dedieaemn ol >aid monument to the com-
melioration of the virtue* and patriotism of those
^rcur andgood. men, George Washington and Abraham
Lincoln.
Mr^ rNGEHROLL moved that the resolution
be referred to the select committee named in
the resolution.
The motion wa=5 agreed to.
WmJDIlAWAL OE PAPERS.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the memorial and
accompanying papers of Mrs. A. S. Iienry,
widow of the late Major William S. Henry.
Mr. WASHBQliNEj of Illinois. For what
