3032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
each of these States, paupers, vagabonds, and
fugitives from justice excepted, shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of free citizens
in the several States." While this provision
■was under consideration, June 25, 1778, the
South Carolina delegates moved to insert the
word "white" after "free" and before "in-
habitants," thereby securing the privileges only
to white persons. The motion was voted down
by eight States to two, one State being divided.
This proves beyond doubt that the privileges
and immunities of citizenship were at that
time willingly accorded to all men who were
free, who were not slaves, whether white or
black.
Judge Curtis, after stating that in five States
at least free negroes enjoyed the elective fran-
chise when the Constitution was adopted, con-
cludes very justly that they became " citizens
of the new Government," and "so in every
sense part of thepeopleof the United States,"
and " among those for whom and whose pos-
terity the Constitution was ordained and estab-
lished."
" There can scarcely bo a doubt that a.!! persons
residinsin the several States at thotimcof thoadop-
tion ot' tho Federal Constitution became citizens of
the United States, nnd no Statu thereafter can de-
prive them or their posterity of this ri^ht. Tho
power to naturalize is exclusiv o in Congress, and the
ioreixncrnaturiilizod becomes antigen ot the United
States, and neccasarib' is a < itizen of tho Stato in
which lie is domiciled. Tho posterity of such for-
eigner so domiciled becomes a citizen of tho State,
and of the UnitedStatesby virtucof ilia birth alono."
If the opinion of Judge Curtis be open to
criticism at all it consists in the conclusion to
which lie arrives—
"That it is left to each State to dctermino what
free persons bom within its limits shall bo citizens
of such Stato, and thereby bo citizens of the United
States."
He leaves the inference that Federal citizen-
ship may be given or taken away by State ac-
tion. lie admits 1 hat being a State citizen con-
fers the Federal right. If once the character
of citizen of the United Slates attaches, no
State, 1 apprehend, can take it away. This
error of Judge Curtis is shown ill the opinion
of the court in the same case where it is said:
"If persons of tho African vaco are citizens of a
State and of tho United States, they would bo entitled
to nil of these privileges and immunities in every
State, and tho Suite could not rostiiot. them: for
they would hold these piivileires and immunities
under tlio paramount authority of tho Federal Gov-
ernment, and its courts would bo bound to maintain
mid enforce them, tho constitution and tho laws of
the .Stato notwithstanding."
Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, r.ays:
"A person who is anntur.'ilized citizen of tho Uni-
ted Slates bv a like residence (the same required of
native-horn) in am >St;ifcin the Union, becomes ipxo
facto a citizen of that Stale."—Zlitory, sees. 11)9,S and
1G01.
In another place ho says:
"It Has always been well understood anions.iurists
in this country that tho citizens of each Si ale con-
stitute tho hotly-politic of oaeh community, called
the people of the States, and that the citizens of each
State m the Union are ipsofuclo citizens of tho Uni-
ted States."
Uawle, in his work on tho Constitution, page
86, uses the following language:
"Tho citizens of cacli State constituted the citi-
zens of the United States when the Constitution was
adopted. The rights which appertain to them as cit-
izens of those respective Commonwealths accom-
panied them in tho formation of the (treat compound
Commonwealth which ensued. They became citi-
zens of the latter, without ceasing to be citizens of tho
former; and howho was- subsequently born a citizen
Of a State bccamo at tho moment of his birth a citi-
zen of ttio United States."
Chancellor Kent says:
"If a slave torn in the United Statesbemanuinitted,
or otherwise lawfully discharged from bondage, or if
a black man be born within tho United States and
born free, ho becomes thenceforward a citizen."—2
Kent's Commentaries, fourth edition, p. 257, note.
Chief Justice Taney, delivering the opinion
of tlie court in the Dred Seott case, says:
" It is true every person, and every class and de-
scription of persons, who_ were at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution recosnizcd as citizens
in tho several States, becamc also citizens of this
new political body."
This opinion, then, concedes to all members
of the several State communities, aud to those
who should afterward, by birthright or other-
wise, become members thereof, all the personal
rights, privileges, and immunities guarantied to
citizens of this "new Government." In fact,
the opinion distinctly asserts that the words
"people of the United States" and "citizens"
are "synonymous terms." They both describe
the political body, who, according to our repub-
lican institutions, form the sovereignty, and
who hold tho power and conduct the Govern-
ment through their representatives.
The great error into which Chief Justice
Taney falls consists in the fact that he arbitra-
rily excluded all negroes, though free, from
this sovereignty. He unfortunately rejected
the text of the Constitution itself, and sought
judicial light in what he erroneously supposed
to be "the legislation and histories of the
times." Instead of construing a plain instru-
ment as its language directed, in order to secure
fieedom and happiness to those who made it
and their posterity, he went back seventy years
to explore "the State of public opinion" which
then existed in " relation to" what he termed
" that unfortunate race," (the negroes,) and
came to the conclusion that for more than a
century before that time they had been re-
garded by civilized and enlightened nations
"as beings of an inferior order and altogether
unfit to associate with tho white race, either in
social or political relations, and so far inferior
that they had no rights which the white man
was bound to respect." lie entirely ignored
the fact that in many of the States at that time
free negroes enjoyed every privilege and im-
munity of citizenship. Indeed, the fact is per-
fectly clear, established beyond all question by
"tho legislation and histories of the times,"
that free negroes, in both free and slave States,
enjoyed full citizenship, and yet Judge Taney
says "it cannot be supposed that they intended
to secure lo them rights and privileges and
rank in tho new political body throughout tho
Union which every one of them denied within
the, limits of its own dominion." Informing
his opinion he abandoned the Constitution and
I he Declaration of Independence, for he dis-
tinctly says "the general words contained in
tho Declaration would seem to embrace the
whole human family, and if they were used in
a similar instrument at this day would bo so
understood." He distinctly admits that he put
aside these words, as a part of tho history of
that period, and based his conclusions upon a
certain supposed state of feeling which in real-
ity did not then exist—upon something which
he called history, but which was really a per-
version of history.
He admits that the Constitution was made
for those who framed it and their posterity : in
other words, that "every class and description
of persons" recognized as citizens in the sev-
eral States became a part of the political body
known as "tho people of the United States."
This would clearly include the free negroes
who enjoyed tho full rights of citizenship in
nearly half of the States of the Union at that
time. Being citizens, then, of their respective
Slates, they necessarily became citizens of the
United States, and having become citizens of
the United States, no Stato can divest them of
that high privilege. No power inferior to the
national sovereignty could deprive them of
United States citizenship. They therefore re-
mained citizens of the States in which they might
reside, and when they desired to remove from
one State to another they had a right to claim
in the State of their domicile the privileges and
immunities of "citizens in the several States."
Sargent, in his work on Constitutional Law, at
page 111, commentingonthe clause givingjuris-
dietion to the Federal courts between citizens of
the different Slates, says:
" This citizenship.moans a residence or domicile in
a particular State by ono who is aeitizen of tho United
States."
We have notv seen that each judge in the
Dred Scott case and all the commentators assert
that State citizenship by the adoption of the
Constitution became Federal citizenship; and i
Mr. Sargent says that when one is naturalized he j
becomes a citizen of the United States, and a !
residence or domicile in a State gives him State
citizenship.
The Federal Constitution failed to define
United States citizenship, and equally failed
to declare what classes of persons should be
entitled to its privileges. If those persons
who enjoyed "all the privileges and immuni-
ties" of State citizenship at the adoption of
the Constitution were not by the Constitution
made citizens of the United States, it would
be difficult to ascertain who were to be con-
sidered such. To deny it in such cases would
lead to a total denial of such a thing as Uni-
ted States citizenship at all. But that cannot
be the case, for, in defining the qualifications
of a Representative in Congress, the Constitu-
tion requires that he shall "have been seven
years a citizen of the United States." The
same instrument, prescribing the qualifications
of a Senator in Congiess, declares that he
"shall have been nine years a citizen of the
United States." It is also fixed in the instru-
ment that no person shall be President except
a "natural-born citizen or a citizen of the
United States at the time of the adoption of
tho Constitution." These clauses show that
such a thing as United States citizenship ex-
isted at and prior to the time when Ihe Con-
stitution was adopted. Another curious fact
may be seen in this, that while tho Senator
and Representative must 'be a citizen of the
United States at the time of their election, it
is only necessary that they be "inhabitants"
of their respective Stales. One may be a Sen-
ator or Representative in Congress before he
has acquired the rights of citizenship in his
State. But he must have once been a State
citizen. For instance, if an individual, seven
years before the adoption of the Constitution,
had been recognized a citizen of one of the
States, acquiring the right either by birth or
by naturalization therein, and had continued
to remove from one State to another, failing
to remain in any ono of them long enough to
acquire "all the privilegesand immunities" of
a citizen therein, he would yet have been a
citizen of the United States and eligible to a
scat in Congress from the State in which he
was domiciled at the time. And so would one
have been eligible to the Senate who nine
years before had enjoyed State citizenship in
one of the States under the Articles of Con-
federation.
In the clause fixing the qualifications of the
President, the language is changed from "cit-
izenship" to "residence." It says no person
shall be elected President who shall not have
been " fourteen years a resident of the United
States." Fourteen years went back to the
period of the battle of Lexington. It must be
that a higher evidence of attachment to the
country was intended to be secured in the
President than in a member of Congress, but
unless "residence" in the States be regarded
as furnishing that evidence equally with citi-
zenship itself, then the qualification of the
President is not of so high a character as that
of a member of Congress. t
It cannot be otherwise than that all free
natural-horn residents of the States and all who
had been naturalized by the Stales became, at
the adoption of the Constitution, citizens of
the United States. Their descendants of course
followed their condition. All born of such
parents became citizens at their birth. The
States, after tho adoption, could no longer
naturalize. This power, by the Constitution,
was given to Congress. But now upon the
moment of naturalization the foreigner becomes
a citizen of the United Stales, and may become
a citizen of any one of the States by the same
residence and under the same circumstances
as native-born citizens of other States.
Now, if there bo any force in the reasoning
to which I have referred, or any weight in the
authorities cited, United States citizenship is
just what it is defined to be in the first sec-
tion of this amendment. I mean that those per-
sons who are to be made citizens by this amend-
ment are the persons, and none others, who
have ever been citizens of the United States
