2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
only two more colonels and one more lieuten-
ant colonel, making three officers in all. If
the gentleman had given attention to what I
attempted to say yesterday, he would remem-
ber that I distinctly took the ground that the
Adjutant General's corps had not, according
to the bill reported by the gentleman, as many
officers of rank in proportion to other staff
corps as it ought to have. My concern is not
with regard to the effect of the bill on individ-
uals; jvhat I desire is the equalization of rank
between the different staff corps, not discrimi-
nating against the corps which ought to be
above the others. I say that, instead of dis-
criminating against the Adjutant General's
corps, our legislation should be in favor of
that corps.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man, Mr. Speaker; and I repeat, there has
been, in all these departments, a gradual, but
though gradual, pretty rapid, creeping up in
everything that relates to rank. Five years
ago, when this war began, we had an Adjutant
General, who, however, ranked only as a col-
onel. We now make him a brigadier general.
At that time, one assistant adjutant general,
ranking as a lieutenant colonel, was deemed
sufficient. Now, there are two assistant adju-
tant generals in that bureau, both ranking as
colonels. Then the Adjutant General's Bureau
was satisfied with four majors and nine cap-
tains. We now propose to give its bureau
thirteen majors and no captains. Everybody
in that department is to be raised above the
rank of captain. Thus it is continually with
these bureaus. Step by step, from point to
point, throughout our whole legislation for
many years past, particularly since the war
commenced, ftiere has been a gradual advance-
ment in number, titles, rank, and compensa-
tion.
Now, we propose to have for this increased
regular Army as many of these officers as may
be necessary. We assent to an advancement
in numbers and rank. But the gentleman
says this is not sufficient. While one colonel
at the head of the Adjutant General's Bureau
was formerly sufficient, we must now have not
only one brigadier general, but four colonels.
^ hile formerly one lieutenant colonel served
as an assistant, we must now have live lieu-
tenant colonels as assistants. Besides, all the
captains must be raised to majors, and the
number of majors must be increased to thirteen.
But, sir, enough upon that point. I believe
that this section makes ample provision for that
department with regard both to the number
and the rank of the officers; and however much
I might he willing to gratify particular individ-
uals or officers, 1 am not wiiling to ingraft upon
the Army what I deem an unnecessary addition
with respect to rank or numbers. Therefore I
object to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine.
Now, as to this question of title, the gen-
tleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Thayer] was
compelled in looking at the bill to shut one
eye in order to sustain himself in his argu-
ment. "Why,'" asked lie, ''do you not have
assistant adjutant generals? Why wipe them
out entirely ?" If the gentleman will read the
bill, he will find that we provide for an Adju-
tant General, and for two assistant adjutant
generals, with the rank of colonel, while all
those who rank as lieutenant colonel or as
major arc to be called simply adjutants. So
the gentleman is entirely mistaken.
Mr. THAYER. Yv ill the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark by way of cor-
rection ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. The remark which I made
was in reference to the abolition of the title of
assistant quartermaster general.
Mr. SCHENCK. We are not discussing
that now.
Mr. THAYER. I asked why the committee
proposed to abolish the title of assistant quar-
termaster general, while they leave the assist-
ants iu all the other bureaus.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not mistaken when
I say the gentleman has singled out these two
departments 
Mr. THAYER. If there was any inadver-
tence about it, I wish to say now I meant that
the gentleman has abolished these titles in the
Adjutant General's department and the quar-
termaster's department, while he has left the
titles in all of the other bureaus.
Mr. SCHENCK. We thought there should
be one or more assistants in each department.
The Quartermaster General was satisfied as it
was arranged in his department, and so we
have left it. We have provided for an Adjutant
General, and two assistants to take his place;
the rest we call adjutants. My friend from
Maine agrees with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that that is unprecedented and all wrong,
because if you have adjutants in the field it will
create confusion if you call them all adjutants.
If you take them now in the field they are all
called assistant adjutant generals, and there
would be confusion, according to the gentle-
man' s reasoning, because of the title, for in each
case he would be an assistant adjutant general.
He says he must be called assistant adjutant
general because he reports to the general head
at Washington. Apply that to the other depart-
ment. Y'ou have assistant quartermaster gen-
eral and assistant quartermasters. There is a
general head at Washington to report to.
The same reasoning would make assistant
quartermasters and assistant quartermaster
generals in every case.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says it is
like the civil Departments, where you have a
Secretary and an Assistant Secretary. I admit
that, but you do not call all the clerks Assistant
Secretaries. You have a Secretary, one or two
Assistant Secretaries, and the rest of the subor-
dinates you call clerks. So his illustration is
a bad one indeed.
You are not to interfere with titles. Con-
gress has interfered with titles again and again,
There was a time, and if necessary I can refer
to the statute, when we had a deputy adjutant
general. That portion of the old cumbrous
system was stricken off. Gentlemen will find
it in the act of 1798. There was a time when
you had not only a deputy quartermaster gen-
eral but an assistant deputy quartermaster
general. And when one was called to act in
his place because of sickness or disability he
had to sign himself A. A. D. Q. M. G., Act-
ing Assistant Deputy Quartermaster General.
Without those letters he could not indicate his
title.
I believe differently from-the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. [Mr. Thayer.] I believe that
the Quartermaster General showed his sense
when he said it was time to get rid of these long,
improper titles, and to call quartermasters
quartermasters, and not assistant quartermas-
ters. I believe the same thing in regard to
the others, that instead of assistant adjutant
general it is better to have an Adjutaut Gen-
erals department, and to have at the head of it
an Adjutant General, with two or three assistant
adjutant generals.
I think the gentleman is mistaken in regard
to the title of deputy, as he will find if he goes
back far enough. Deputy is not a military
word. It has no military identity. It is male- ,
ing a civic title of deputy into a military title. ,
We have got rid of all that, or propose to get i
rid of it. '
Mr. THAYER. I could not go back further
than General Mifflin, who first filled this posi-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. What time?
Mr. THA-YER. I will tell the gentleman by
referring to the paper.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is suggested that the
gentleman may go back to 1492. [Laughter.]
Mr. TJIAYEiL No, sir. _
Mr. SCHENCK. I will give the gentleman
an opportunity to settle the question after he
has consulted his authorities.
Mr. THAYER. It was May, 1776. Ho was
Quartermaster General of the Army with the
rank of general.
Mr. SCHENCK. By the amendments I have
made this morning—and before the question is
taken I will ask to have jt read as amended—
we have removed objections thought to lie so
serious to the bill, and if the House docs not
want to give higher rank to these officers it will
let the section stand as it is.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know if I under-
stand what this dispute is about. If I under-
stand it, it is reduced to this, whether you shall
say John Jack, or simply Jack—whether you
shall say "assistant adjutant" or simply ''ad-
jutant." If there is any confusion in a name,
one is just about the same as the other in that
respect.
Now as regards surplus titles, the German
barons, having some nine or ten titles, would
not like to part with any of them. I do not
see why "adjutant general" is not as good as
"deputy adjutant," or "assistant adjutant,"
especially when, if the amendment of the chair-
man of the committee is adopted, it is to make
no difference in their rank or pay.
But I wish to say that if I understand it, the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Tiiayer]
makes an increase in the pay of three officers.
Instead of having thirteen with the rank and
emoluments of major, he propqses ten, and to
put the others into a higher rank. Now I do
not know precisely what that is for. I do not
know why it is necessary to increase the pay of
those three instead of having it as it is in the
bill—thirteen adjutants with the pay and emol-
uments of major. I have not heard any good
reason yet. Are there not enough colonels
who are willing to be appointed adjutants now!
Why. therefore, increase the pay to this amount?
Then I cannot see any good reason why you
shall not diminish the expense of the Army
whenyou can do it without legislating anybody
out of office. When they die, the number is to
be reduced to ten.
A single word more. The whole question
between my colleague [Mr. Thayer] and the
committee amoynts to this : a curtailment of
the word " assistant," and making it read sim-
ply " adjutant," with an increase of the pay of
three, and a prevention of the diminution of
the expense when they go out of office by death
or resignation (they are not legislated out) by
three. That is the whole question. It is hardly
worth quarreling about, but if you adopt the
amendment of my colleague you largely in-
crease the expense and prevent a reduction of
the number of these officers.
Mr. THAYER. I will not, detain the House
but a moment. I wish to make an explanation
in order that the House may act with full knowl-
edge of the present position of the question.
The substitute which I offered makes no in-
crease and no alteration in the present number
or rank of the officers in that' department.
Mr. STEVENS. It was a misapprehension
on my part.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir, the gentleman is
correct, but at the suggestion of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaise,] I accepted his modi-
fication, which gave increased rank to two who
are already assistant adjutant generals. It was
not my understanding at the time the proposi-
tion was made by that gentleman that it would
necessarily increase the pay. If I had known
that I would not have accepted the modifica-
tion. If, therefore, the House wishes to retain
the present organization precisely as it is, with
no alterations, all they have to do is to strike
out the section and disagree to the amendment
as modified by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] and I will offer the section of the Sen-
ate bill, which will keep the department pre-
cisely as it is. with no increase at all.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordeied, being first on the sub-
stitute proposed by Mi. TiiAVEft.
Mr. UPSON. I ask for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. A motion to strike out
and insert, is no' divisible.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes So, noes 80; no quorum voting.
