1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
purpose are they to be withdrawn? It is not
the custom of tlie House to give permission to
have papers withdrawn without notice ot what
use is to bo made of them, and without copies
being left. Does the gentleman desire to refer
them to another committee or to the Court of
Claims ?
Mr. ANCONA. They may be presented to
the House hereafter in the shape of a claim.
Application has been made to me to withdraw
the papers, I presume for the purpose of pre-
senting another claim.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. _ It has
never been the habit of the House to give such
permission unless copies are left.
The SPEAKER. The usage is to withdraw
the original papers, but leave copies.
Mr. ANCONA. Well, 1 have no objection
to taking that course.
Leave was then granted for the withdrawal
of the papers, copies being left.
sophia sciiimmelpfennig.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill for the relief of Sophia Seliimmelpfennig;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
report of lieutenant general.
Mr. WENTWGRTH, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing, to whom
has been referred the question of the nurnbers ot
Lieutenant, General Grant's report to be printed, in-
quire into the propriety of printing a certain number
in the German language.
indian afp airs in arizona.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill for the better organization of Indian affairs
in Arizona Territory; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
commissaries op subsistence.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous noticc, introduced a
joint resolution for the relief of certain com-
missaries of subsistence of the United States
Army; which was road a first and second^time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
president's message in german.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That, as there are many persons who have
proved themselves patriotic and loyal men in the
recent effort to sustain the national life, but who have
a limited knowledge of the English language, and yet
desire to road the message of our patriotic President,
ten thousand copies additional of the President's mes-
sage be printed for distribution in the German lan-
guage.
sale OF mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of pievious notice, introduced a
bill to provide for the subdivision and sale of
the gold and silver lands of the United States,
and others containing valuable minerals, for
the coining of the products of such lands, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
william reynolds and h. b. woolsey.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, and in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a joint resolution for the restoration
of Commanders William Reynolds and Melanc-
ton B. Woolsey, United Stales Navy, to the
active list from the retired list; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
goods in bond.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a joint resolution au-
thorizing the entry for consumption of goods in
bond, on payment of their respective rates of
duty; which was read a first and second time,
SOtti Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 4.
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
lucretia m. perry.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution for the relief of
Lucretia M. Perry, widow of the late Nathaniel
S. Perry, United States Navy ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. KUYKENDALL, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to extend the benefits of
the bounty land act of March 3, 1855, to the sol-
diers, sailors, and seamen ofthe United States
who served in the late war of 1861; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
eight hour system oe labor.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the propriety and expe-
diency of providing, by law, for the adoption of what
is known as the eight-hour system of labor in all
matters and places to which the jurisdiction of Con-
gress extends; and to report by bill or otherwise.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
tacipic ftailroad.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following:
Resolved, That in view of tho magnitude and im-
portance of the Pacific railroad as a means by which
to seeure tho rapid and permanent settlement of our
new States and Territories; the development of their
vast resources, agricultural and mineral; a reliable
postal communication between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific within our borders; as well as ample and efficient
military protection of all classes, settlers, travelers,
and miners, against Indian hostilities; and as a bond
of union between the East and the West, uniting them
in closer relationship, socially, politically, and com-
mercially, any unnecessary delay in the progress and
completion of this great work will bo a matter of
public concern; and tlie committee having charge of
the Pacific railroad arc hereby instructed to inquire
what action, if any, is lequned on tlie part of Con-
gress to expedite the same; and that they have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was agreed to.
losses by tiie war.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to consider and report whether any of the
inhabitants ofthe States declared tobe in insurrection,
by the proclamations of tho President, dated August
16,1861, and July 1, 1862, are entitled to compensa-
tion for any louses of property occasioned by the op-
erations of the armies ofthe United States employed
in the suppression of the rebellion.
The resolution was agreed to.
elective franchise.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a joint resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be read, for we have
so many proposed amendments to the Consti-
tution that 1 want to know what this can be.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time. It provides for an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, so "that
no State shall make any distinction in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise on account of race
or color/'
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
united states commissioners.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to extend the jurisdiction of
United States commissioners; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
soldiers' orphans' home, illinois.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution donating
certain Government property in Illinois to the
Soldiers' Orphans' Ilome of that State; and I
ask its consideration at this time.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let it be read for in-
formation.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the barracks and all other catijji equipage
at the various military camps within the State
of Illinois, except, at Rock Island, shall be do-,
nated to the Soldiers' Orphans' Home of said
State; and that all such property shall be trans-
ferred and delivered to the said Soldiers' Or-
phans' Home as soon as the Government can
dispense with the use of the same.
Mr. DAVIS. I must object to its consider-
ation at this time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I ask leave to
introduce it and have it referred.
No objection was made, and the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CHARLOTTE BENCE.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask leave to in-
troduce a bill, which I ask to have read, and
upon which I ask the House to act at this time.
The bill was for the relief of Charlotte Bence,
widow of Philip- H. Bence, late captain, of com-
pany F, thirtieth regiment Iowa volunteer in-
fantry, and provides for placing her name on
the pension roll at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, from the 1st of October, 1864, and for
and during her widowhood.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the bill
may be considered and acted upon at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. DAVIS and Mr. LE BLOND objected.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. _ I trust that the
gentlemen will withdraw their objections until
I can explain the bill.
Mr. LE BLONP- I cannot consent that the
bill shall be acted on now. Lot it go to the
proper committee and be examined. _ If it be
reported formally, I suppose there will be no
objection to its passage.
Mr. WILSON, of 1 owa. I hope, then, that
the bill will be received for the purpose of ref-
erence.
There being no objection to the introduction
of the bill, it was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
REMISSION OE MILITARY SENTENCES.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. _ I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the folio wing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
inquire into the justice and expediency of paying to
soldiers whose pay has been withheld in pursuance
of the sentences of military courts and orders, upon
conviction for minor offenses, the amounts due to
them up to the time of conviction, and report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at thirty-five minutes past two o'clock p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, 'December 14, 1865.
The Chaplain, Rev. Edgar H. Gray, offered
the following prayer:
O Thou who art from everlasting to everlast-
ing, God, the same yesterday, to-day, and for-
ever: Thy years fail not; Thy days have no
end. What is man that Thou art mindful of
him, or the son of man that Thou dost visit him?
Thou hast made him a little lower than the
angels, and yet hast crowned him with life and
immortality beyond tho grave. O God, we
pray that all the dispensations of Thv pro\i-
dence may bo sanctified to our good, and that
we may be made to realize that our term of
existence is brief upon earth ; that man cometh
up like the flower and is soon cut down; tho
wind passeth over him, and he is gone; tho
places that know him now shall know him no
more forever. So teach us to number our days
that wo may apply our hearts unto wisdom and
become wise unto everlasting life. Guide and
direct us in the discharge of all the responsi-
bilities resting upon us, and when we have dis-
' charged our duty and fulfilled our nlission ana
