2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. THAYER. The remark gains no weight
by repetition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am subjected to those
influences ; so are others. The difference, if
there be any, is this: when I dine with, or am
visited "by, or visit in turn, one of these gentle-
men, whom f esteem my friends, I am. very
much inclined to do what he wants done, to
keep him where he is and to help him along, and
I would be glad if I could do it. But I have
taught myself to believe that I must struggle
against this disposition; and I have succeeded
in doing violence to my own feelings, and have
not yielded, altogether at any rate, to the
personal, social, and moral influences in this
respect which surround me among the many
very agreeable acquaintances that I have among
these officers in the bureaus.
I do not know whether anybody is weaker
than I am or not. if they are, then perhaps
there may be a difference between us. If not,
then there is none.
I have not charged anything else on the gen-
.tleman from Pennsylvania particularly in any
way, but I have said and announced to the
country I did hope this Congress would, now
the war is over and when we are going to have
a comparatively small military establishment,
so much less than we have had during the
war, atteffipt to bring down, or at least not
increase, the relative or absolute rank of the
various officers of the Army. In that I am
disappointed. It may be I ought not to have
been disappointed, but I am. That is all I can
make of it.
I recognize the right of gentlemen to repre-
sent their own constituency and vote as they
please. I have been accustomed to vote as 1
pleased, but always within the bounds of pro-
priety. And I mean on these subjects to say
what I please to the country.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do
not think it is a killing affair even if the gen-
tleman has been disappointed by the majority
of the House having acted on their own good
sense, his opinion to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker. I do not like to
rest under the imputation cast upon me by my
friend from Ohio. I wish to say r;o drop of
blood kindred to my own circulates in the veins
of any officer of the Army to be affected in any
way by this bill.
I wish to say I am not under any social in-
fluence. Since I have lived in Washington I
have never, like my honorable friend from
Ohio, had the privilege of being entertained
by distinguished characters at dinner. I am
under no influence of that kind, but I respect
the opinion of men !-.:_-hin the military service.
When I know there was pending a bill which had
been submitted by Lieutenant General Grant,
Gpneral Meade, General Burnside, and other
distinguished generals : and when I thought that
bill had been concocted under their supervis-
ion. T say it is not, only eniitled to my consid-
eration, but to the consideration of every mem-
ber of the House. There is no one who sup-
poses these distinguished generals of the Army
know nothing of military affairs, or at least do
not know as much as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of this House. I
only honor the men whom the country honor,
and in whom I am sure the country has confi-
dence.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
^ Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman from New
York yield-! to mo to make the motion that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. SMITH. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I withdraw the
motion.
SATURDAY SESSION.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, that to-morrow be devoted to debate on
the President's message.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House for the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That on Saturday bills on leave and reso-
lutions for reference only may be received by unani-
mous consent on condition they shall not be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY—AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to say
only a word in conclusion. While I represent
a constituency on this floor I intend to give my
votes independent of any considerations like
those to which the honorable chairman of the
committee has alluded. I shall be under the
influence and control of no man or set of men.
I shall carry out the convictions of my own
judgment, regardless of what may be said on
one side or the other.
But, sir. in the discussion of this bill I think
we should be guided by the suggestions of pro-
visions which have been made by men of high
milit :ry position. I go further. We ought
rather to take their opinion than the opinion
of so distinguished a military gentleman as the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. There was no such sugges-
tion made as thegentleman suggests. I profess
to be no more virtuous than my neighbors, but
if it gives satisfaction to my friend! most sol-
emnly assure him I had no thought of anything
he had said or done.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 15. And be it further ciwcted, That the Bureau
of Military Justice shall hereafter consist of one judge
advocate general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general: and one assistant judge
advocate general, with the rai.k, pay, and emolu-
ments of a colonel of cavalry; and the said judge
advocate general shall receive, revise, and have re-
corded the proceedings of all couits-martial, courts
of inquiry, and mill rary commissions, ami shall per-
form such other du.-e* as have heretofoie been per-
foimed by the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
And of the judge advocates now in office thereshall
be retained a number not exeedmg ten, to be selected
by (he Secretary of War, who shall perform their
duties under the direction of the Judge Advocate
General uutil otherwise provided by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
word "shall'' and insert "may,'1 after the
word "there;" so that it will read:
And of the judge advocates now in office there may
be ictainfd a number not exceeding ten, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I aL'o move to add at the
end of the section the words "or until the
Secretary of War decides that their service
may be dispensed with;" so that the clause
will read:
And of the judge advocates now in office there may
be retained a number not exceeding ten, to bo se-
lected by the Secretary of War, who shall perform
their duties under the direction of the Judge Advocate
General until otherwise provided by law,or until the
Secretary of War decides that their service may be
dispensed with.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert after
the words "military commissions" the words
"authorized bylaw;" so that it shall read,
"military commissions authorized by law."
Mr. BiNGHAM. I hope that will not be
adopted, unless the House intends to cast cen-
sure upon the action of the Administration of
the late lamented President Lincoln. If the
gentleman means by the term " authorized by
law," authorized by special statute of the Uni-
ted States, it is very well known that all the
commissions that were held under the late Ad-
ministration were never authorized by special
enactment. I appeal to my colleague [Mr.
Garfield] to consider that if the authority
arises by the general usage and law of nations
in time of war. the words are wholly unneces-
sary. Every one knows that there has never
been a military commission convened in the
United States for the trial of anybody that
has not been expressly authorized by statute,
save in the time of war. That being the case,
why introduce such a provision here? We are
not secure either against rebellion or invasion ;
and does the gentleman suppose that by insert-
ing a word hero to place a limitation upon the
executive power of the Government in the
event of foreign invasion, so that offenses com-
mitted in time of public war, in violation of the
usage and laws of war, shall not be punished
in the absence of express authority of congres-
sional enactment? If he does not, I hope
he will withdraw his amendment. It is time
enough to consider such a proposition when
the Government in time of peace shall attempt
to try anybody by a military commission with-
out authority of statute. It has never been
done yet, and it is time enough to provide
against any such abuse when it is attempted to
be done. Why undertake to put this in a
statute in view of a contingency that may arise
at any hour entirely beyond our control, and
when Congress is not in session?
Mr. GA11FIELD. I do not wish to take up
the time except to say a word or two. The only
point in dispute between tlie gentleman [Mr.
Bingham] and myself is in reference to "mil-
itary commissions." The other two courts,
"courts-martial" and "courts of inquiry," are
not in question. They are definitely author-
ized by the laws of Congress, and have been
since the organization of this Government.
But the words " military commissions" are not
used in the statutes of Congress, except in one,
I believe, in reference to the punishment of
guerrillas.
Mr. BINGHAM. Excuse me: the gentle-
man is entirely mistaken. The words are used
in three or four statutes. I rem'ember one
adopted by the last Congress subjecting spies
to punishment by death upon conviction before
a military commission.
Mr. GARFIELD. It was the same law,
and related to spies and guerrillas.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not that.
Mr. GARFIELD. I introduced the bill my-
self in the last Congress. The gentleman is
mistaken. I know there are military commis-
sioners sometimes appointed to look into con-
tracts and claims. We have commissions ap-
pointed in regard to the administration of affairs
in the Army; but I speak of tribunals for the
trial of persons charged with offenses against
the Government in time of war, but who are
not themselves in the Army.
Mr. BINGHAM. There were proceedings
authorized to try parties by military commission
for fraudulent devices to the injury of the Gov-
ernment, and providing for the infliction of pen-
alties.
Mr. GARFIELD. It makes no difference.
I concede that the words have been used in the
statute once.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, half a dozen times.
Mr. GARFIELD. Never mind: the ques-
tion does not turn on the number of times the
expression has been used. What I said was
agreeing with gentlemen in this : that military
commissions apply to the Army in time of war
and in reference to crimes over which the Army
has control.
Now, we are building up a military estab-
lishment for a time of peace', and I do not
believe it best to introduce that expression in
a bill fo establish an army on a peace basis,
and let it be understood that military commis-
sions are by a sort of inference to be used in
this Government without express statute. And
if gentlemen desire the expression retained in
the law I want the qualifying words to go with
it, or else I desire that the words "military
commissions" shall be stricken out. I am satis-
fied, however, with either.
Mr. UPSON. I move to amend theamend-
ment by striking out the word "law" and
inserting in lieu thereof "the laws ol war."
Mr. HALE. I suggest to the gentleman
that he add the words "in time of peace."
Mr. BINGIiAM. Oh, no: not at all.
Mr. UPSON. That is a very good sugges-
tion coming from that source.
Sir. GARFIELD. I do not accept that
amendment.
Mr. UPSON. Well. I offer my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. If this section had any
words of limitation in it to the effect suggested
by my honorable colloaguc, that it should not
be operative or binding upon the executive
department of this Government in time of war
