1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
In January. A. D. 1836, and while then a
judge upon the bench, he v,-as a delegate from
his town to the constitutional convention then
holtlen at Montpelier, to consider and to act
upon certain proposed amendments to the State
constitution, the most important, of which was
a proposition to abolish the old "Guberna-
torial Council," so called, and in its stead to
constitute a legislative branch having coordi-
nate powers with the House of Representatives,
to be called "the Senate." This proposition
was vigorously opposed in the convention, and
brought out a protracted and perhaps the ablest
parliamentary discussion ever had in the State
upon any single question. The convention con-
tained an unusual number of the leading and
foremost men of the State. Judge Collamer
led the debate in the affirmative of "the question.
The proposition was carried ; and I feel mjself
authorized to say, mainly through his influence.
In lSo-J, and after a successful and even bril-
liant eareti at the bar of just twenty years, he
was placed, by vole of the Legislature, upon the
bench of the supreme court of the Stale, a posi-
tion for which he possessed peculiar and pre-
eminent qualifications, and which lie hold by
successive elections nine years, and until he
was returned by the people of his congressional
district to the national House of Representa-
tives. As a judge upon the bench he added
luster to the reputation he had already acquired
as a lawyer at the liar, lie possessed intellect-
ual and moral qualities most essential and requi-
site to the best discharge of the duties of a high
judicial magistracy—a clear and discriminating
mind, an impartial judgment, strong practical
good sense, a profound and instinctive sense of
right and wrong, patience of investigation, an
inflexible irtcgnty. and a sincere and earnest
desire to reach a just and correct conclusion.
He held the scales of justice, therefore, with a
firm and even hand. All these qualities were
brought into practical application, and were
beautifully exemplified throughout his whole
judicial career: and when he retired from the
" bench he laid aside the judicial ermine untar-
nished, and "without spot or wrinkle or any
such thing."
From the bench he was transferred T>y the
voice of the people of his district to the Uni-
ted States House of Representatives, where
he took his sea! in 1843, succeeding Horace
Everett, long a distinguished member of that
body. By successive elections, he continued
an active and useful member of the House,
though most of the time in a small political
minority, uni.il March, 18-19. when he was called
to the Cabinet of President Taylor as one of
his confidential and constitutional advisers, and
placed at the head of the General Post Office
Department. Under his judicious and ener-
getic administration, the vast and complicated
machinery of that Department was brought into
system and order and efiieiency. He held thio
position until the death of President Taylor in
July, 1850. when, with all his associates in the
Cabinet, of whom the distinguished Senator
from Maryland. [Mr. Johnson,] now present,
was one. he resigned his place, and returned,
a private citizen, to his home in Vermont.
He was not long permitted however, to re-
main in the quietude of private'life. The peo-
ple ofhis State stiil demanded his services in a
public capacity, and in the following October
he was chosen, by the Legislature, presiding
judge (if the court in the judicial circuit in which
he resided. Ho held this office through four
years by successive legislative elections, dis-
charging its duties with '' all diligence and fidel -
itv," and to the entire popular acceptance and
approval, when in October, 1854, he was elected
to the Senate of the United States, and he took
his seat as a member of this body the first Mon-
day of December, 1855. He was reelected to
his seat here in 1800. with an almost unpre-
cedented degree of unanimity. He has been
with us and of us just ten years. His course
through all this decade, embracing, as it does,
perhaps, the most, important period iu the his-
tory of the Republic, is familiar to us all—it is
familiar to all the country. During this period,
and on this forum, where grave questions of
State; where questions of peace and war; whore
questions of foreign and domestic policy; where
questions of trade and commerce : questions of
finance and revenue and taxation ; here where
every variety of question pertaining to govern-
mental administration, is presented for consid-
eration, for discussion, and. for final determina-
tion—here, in this forum, he has won for himself
a national reputation, an honorable and an en-
during name, as a learned and able Senator;
as a wise and discreet counselor; as a judicious
and upright legislator; in short, as a Christian
statesman—and a Christian statesman, it has
been well and truly said, is the glory of his
country—who has borne himself erect and
above reproach through all this career, and
kept himself '' unspotted from the world.'' By
the very constitution ofhis nature he revolted
at every form and species of fraud and corrup-
tion, or of wrong and injustice. Xoman ever
ventured to approach him with the offer of a
price for liis honor. Jobbers in iniquity came
not in lo ins presence.. Purity of motive and integ-
rity of purpose, unsullied and unassailed, were
alike the law and the rule of his life, in public
or in private action. All of us who have known
him longest and known him best, will, with
one accord, concede to him the possession, in
an eminent degree, of what Cicero commends
as the boni Senator is prudenlia—the "wisdom
of a good Senator."
It is no less our duty, Mr. President, than it
is our grateful privilege, in the midst of this
sorrow, in this high place, and in the presence
of the American people—if [ may borrow the
language of another on a like occasion—to pay j
the tribute of our recognition of the national
loss, in the reimnal of those to whom we have
been accustomed to look, especially in times of
doubt and difficulty, for direction and for coun-
sel. Such a loss is the more deeply felt, occur-
ring at a period like the present, when ques-
tions novel and of paramount importance,
growing out of a new and changed condition of
public affairs, are to be considered and deter-
mined—questions vital to the best interests of
the country, and involving the highest welfare,
and even the very integiity and faith of the
Government. Tlienational heart lias been laden
with mourning and grief at the loss of many
gallant and noble and patriotic sons of the
Republic—numbering in its list of' the mighty
dead the chosen Chief Magistrate of' your coun-
try—during this passing year now drawing to
its clor-e, to whom we were all loking for coun-
sel and for guidance in these times of perplex-
ity and trial. In the midst of these great be-
reavements, we have only Lo bow iu humble
submission to the will of Ilim who chastiseth
"not willingly." and who "doetli all things
well.'' It is only left to us to cherish the mem-
ories of the good and great who have been taken
from us, to imbibe the spirit of their teach-
ings, and to follow on, so far forth as wo may
do it, in the light of their examples.
Like most of the distinguished men of our
time, and especially of our country; like most
of those who have risen to the high places of
power and trust: like most, of the men who
stand at the head of affairs in the various de-
partments of life, whether political, profes-
sional. literary, commercial, or other pursuit:
like most of the men who in our day and coun-
try have made their impress upon society, and
who have wriiten their own history upon the
times in which they lived—like these men, Ja-
cob Coli.ameu was emphatically the author and
the arbiter of his own tOi'tunes. He owed noth-
ing at all to the factitious aids or the accidental
circumstances of bivtli or foitunc or family pa-
tronage. Under Cod, he made his own fame
and his own fortunes. With hi> own hands he
cleared the rugged pathway which led him up
to the entrance door of the temple of honor and
renown. He made his own good name, and
made it known and honorable among men.
With the advantage of a gifted mind, and with
a resolute purpose to fulfill the great end of his
being—the service of God and his country—by
application and industry, by energy and perse-
verance, and an honest and an honorable life
of well-doing, he formed his own character and
won his own distinction, and left it as a rich
inheritance to his children, and as an example
to those who shall come up after liim.
Other and like examples abound through all
our history. So did Daniel Webster, in whom
the son of an humble Salisbury farmer among
the granite hills of New Hampshire becomes
in after years, and by popular appellation. the
great expounder of the American Constitu-
tion the great American Senator; the great
American statesman, who stands, by the com-
mon recognition of mankind, as .the intellect-
ual monarch of his age. So did Abraham
Lincoln—clarurn nomen—the poor Kentucky
boy ; the martyr President, who, under God,
had saved a country and redeemed a race; the
martyr President, who, having saved his coun-
try from the great rebellion of all history, and
redeemed a race from the bondage of centu-
ries, falling by the assassin hand of treason, went
down to the grave amid a nation's tears, and
amid the requiem of anation's wailing, yet bear-
ing with him to the tomb more of the worlcf s
affections, more of its sympathies, and more of
its honors loo, than were ever accorded to other
man, or prince, or potentate of earth; and
whose highest eulogium is spoken in the uni-
versal lamentation. And so — t beg pardon,
if in the least I offend against the proprieties
of this occasion, or of this presence—so did
Andrew Johnson, the humble mechanic from
the mountains of North Carolina, who now,
by the will of the American people, and by a
providential dispensation, wields the power and
challenges the homage of the first magistrate
of the nation, and on whoso will or word to-
day, more than of other living man, hang the
destinies of this American Republic. These
are great examples. These are illustrious ex-
amples. Our history is full of them. They are
as beacon-lights along the dim and crowded
pathway of human life. They are for instruc-
tion, for guidance, for encouragement, for in-
spiration to the rising and the coming genera-
tion of American youth.
" The fame which a man wins for himself is best;
That he may call his own."
Jacob Collamer was endowed with a rare
combination of inteilectual'and moral qualities
of a high order; a capacious mind, at once act-
ive, clear, and discriminating—a mind, too, in
which the analytic powers and the reflective
faculties were largely developed; and he was
also gifted with a retentive memory. He was-
capable of fixed and continuous application of
his mind to the examination and analysis of
whatever question he took in hand. These
faculties were all sharpened and strengthened
by varied reading and acquirement, and by
habits of careful study and reflection. He pos-
sessed, in a remarkable degree, the power of
condensation, and of arranging the various
points or propositions involved in any subject
under discussion in the most clear and logical
order, and which enabled him to present them
with great force and perspicuity to the minds
of others. He always secured respectful atten-
tion and deference to his opinions, whether in
public debale or in private discussion, for the
clearness and force with -which he presented
his views. He often enforced or illustrated an
idea or proposition by the timely introduction
of some apt and racy and often amusing ancc-
dote.
Ti' lie was not always eloquent, he was always
instructive, if he was not an orator in its or-
dinary acceptation, he was more and better
than a mere orator. Ho was a reasoner—-a
clear and logical reasoner. He was an excel-
lent talker—an excellent public as "well as pri-
vate or social, talker. Ho had the faculty of
making himself understood, and consequently
of making his subject understood. He ad-
dressed himself to the reason and the under-
standing, rather than to the impulses or the
fancies of men. It was his aim and his effort
to convineo the judgment by force of argu-
ment, rather than to move the passions by the
appeals of eloquence, or to please the fancy by
