1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion that proposes to restore her to the Uuion ;
and it is upon that ground that I vote for the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting inline three, after the
word "the" and before the word "govern-
ment," the word "present," and in line four,
by striking out the words " organized as afore-
said;" so that the resolution will read:
That the United States do hereby recognize the
present government of the State of Tennessee as the
legitimate government of said State, entitled to ail
the rights of a State government under the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any objection to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the amendment
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary
■will not be adopted; and my reason is very
much unlike the one given by the Senator from
Indiana. I think that the resolution, as it was
passed by the House, is more i-n conformity
with the heretofore expressed judgment of
Congress than the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary. The House res-
olution proposes to restore Tennessee to her
"proper practical relations to the Union,"
while the resolution reported bythe Committee
on the Judiciary simply "recognizes" the pres-
ent State government. I understand that it
has been assumed by Congress that the proper
practical relations of Tennessee with the Union
have either been suspended or destroyed by
the rebellion, and that it is necessary by an act
of Congress to restore those relations ; and I
think that any act providing for the admission
or the recognition of Tennessee should proceed
distinctly upon that ground, and that it should
not abandon the position which wc have here-
tofore assumed.
Then, again, the House resolution provides
that now by this act Tennessee has become
entitled to representation in Congress; assum-
ing, of course, that heretofore the State of
Tennessee has not been entitled to her repre-
sentation in Congress. I understand that has
been the position of Congress; that whatever
might be the legal status of the State of Ten-
nessee, which has been a controverted ques-
tion, she has not, in consequence of the rebel-
lion which has occurred, been entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress, and could not be
entitled and would not be entitled until Con-
gress had so declared. The House, in this
resolution, declare that she is now, by virtue
of this act, entitled to representation. I think
thatthisresolution which comes from the House
is altogether more in accordance with the views
and opinions that have obtained in Congress
than the resolution reported by the Judiciary
Committee; for that resolution, if I understand
it—it is not before me—amounts to nothing
more than a recognition of the existing State
government in Tennessee, and does not refer
particularly to the position of that State. For
these reasons I prefer the resolution as it comes
from the House.
As to the preamble, I am quite indifferent on
that subject. So long as the act is accomplished
I think the preamble is quite immaterial; but
as the House have adopted a preamble and a
resolution, and as there can be nothing gained,
as it seems to me, by a mere change of phrase-
ology by the Senate, I shall of course support
the resolution as it comes from the House. I
think it accomplishes everything that we seek
to accomplish; and without some good reason
T do not see why a controversy should arise
between the Senate and House on this subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, as I understand it, is
simply by way of perfecting the form of the
resolution asproposed bythe Committee on the
Judiciary, and I hope that the sense of the
Senate will be taken 011 that before the ques-
tion comes up 011 substituting the one resolu-
tion for the other.
Mr. BROWN. That has been accepted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Has it been accepted?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I canno1, accept it: but
1 have no objection to it. It da ;s not alter the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It does not alter the
fact. It simply provides that the resolution
shall stand by itself if we fail to adopt the pre-
amble. The resolution will then be a perfect
resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the object of offer-
ing the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended,
and on that question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask that the two
propositions be read, first the one and then the
other of the resolutions, just as they stand.
The PRESIDENT pro tetnpore. The amend-
ment, as amended, will first be read, and then
the resolution of the House.
The Secretary read the amendment, as
amended, as follows:
Strike out after the resolving clause, and insert:
That the United States do hereby recognize the
present government of the State of Tennessee as the
legitimate government of said State, and entitled to
all the rights of a State government under the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Several Senators. Now, let the resolution
of the House be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the State of Tennessee is hereby restored to
her former proper, practical relations to the Union,
and is again entitled to he represented bv Senators
and Representatives in Congress, duly elected and
qualified, upon their talcing the oaths of office required
by existing laws.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CLARK (when Mr. Cragin's name was
called) said : I desire to say that my colleague
is sick and confined to his room; otherwise he
would vote on this occasion.
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays 19;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony.Chandler. Conness, Cres-
well, Davis. Doolittle, Edmunds, Guthrie, Harris,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Nesmith, Norton, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy. Karasey, Itiddle, 8Prague, Stewart,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Yates—24.
]S AYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Cowan,
Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Shorma.n, Sum-
ner, Wade, AVilley, Williams, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, McDougall,
Saulsbury, and Wright—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move to strike
out the preamble from the resolution, if it is in
order.
Mr. BROWN. The preamble has not yet
been adopted.
The PIIESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary to amend the pre-
amble, which is first in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Whatis the amendment
proposed?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will he
read at the desk.
The Secretary. It is proposed to strike out
the preamble of the House resolution, in these
words:
Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to tile Legislatures of the several States, and
has also shown to the satisfaction of Congress, by a
proper spirit of obedience in the body of her people,
her return to her due allegiance to the Government,
laws, and authority of the United States: Therefore.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Whereas in the year 1861 the government of the
State of Tennessee was seized upon and taken pos-
session of by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants of said State, in pursuance of an
act of Congress, were declared to be in a State of in-
surrection against the United States: and whereas
said State government can oi.ly be restored to its
former political relations in the Union bythe con-
sent of the law-making power of the United States;
and whereas the people of said State did on the 22d
day of February, 1S65, by a large popular vote, adopt
and ratify a constitution of government republican
in form and not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, whereby slavery was
abolished and all ordinances and laws of secession
and debts extracted under the same were declared
void: and whereas a State government has been or-
ganized under said constitution which has ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States 1
abolishing slavery, also the amendment proposed by.
7^,.Thirty-Junta Congress; and whereas the body,
of the people have by a proper spirit of obedience
shown to the satisfaction of Congress the return of
said State to due allegiance to theGovermiient, Jaws,
and authority of the United States: Therefore.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Is that question capable
of division ?
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. No, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to put this question:
suppose a majority of the Senate vote "no,"
they will thereby refuse to adopt this pream-
ble, but what will become of the preamble sent
to us from the House?
Mr. CLARK. You can strike that out after-
ward.
Mr. HOWE. Will that be adopted, or will
the question then recur on adopting that pre-
amble ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be on adopting that preamble.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not believe in
either of the preambles. I do not vote that
the State of Tennessee is entitled to represen-
tation in this body for any one of the reasons
assigned in either preamble. I believe that
the State of Tennessee is entitled to represen-
tation because she is a State of the Union, and
because the Constitution of the United States
very plainly declares that each State in the
Union is entitled to two Senators and at least
one Representative. I do not believe that she
is entitled to a representation in Congress be-
cause she has agreed to an amendment of the
Constitution of the United States; I do not
believe that she is entitled to a representation
in Congress for the extraordinary reason given
bythe Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] that she
has disfranchised more than one half of her
people ; but simply because she is a State of
the Union, and peace being restored, and a
condition of obedience to the laws having re-
turned, she, under the plain letter of the Con-
stitution, is entitled to representation. If she
is not a State, she is not' entitled to represen-
tation because she has amended the Constitu-
tion of the United States. If she is not a
State she is not entitled to representation be-
cause she has attempted to disfranchise more
than one half of her people. But if she is a
State she is entitled because she is a State,
and the Constitution declares her right in the
legislative department of the Government.
Mr. President, let us consider for one moment
the reasons assigned in the preamble presented
by the Senator from Illinois. In the first place,
it is recited that the State government of Ten-
nessee was usurped by parties hostile to this
Government, and that before the close of the
war there was the adoption of a constitution in
the State of Tennessee. It is then recited that
a year ago or more the State of Tennessee rat-
ified an amendment of the Constitution of the
United States abolishing slavery. That is giyen
as a reason why we recognize her position in
the Union. Why, sir, the very reason that is
given here why we recognize her position in
the Union is a reason why she was in the
Union at that time. I ask Senators if the
State of Tennessee could ratify an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States unless
she was a State in the Union, unless she was
a State with practical relations to the Union?
Can a State out of the Union, can a State in a
condition in which she could exercise none of
her political powers, amend the Constitution
of the United States? And here is given as a
reason a fact which could not exist unless Ten-
nessee was a State in the Union, with all the
powers possessed by any State.
Then, again, it is averred that very recently
she agreed to amend the Constitution of the
United States in another respect. If she did
that, it was because she was a State, because
she was a State of the Union, because she was
a State of the Union under the Constitution,
and could exercise power under the Constitu-
tion. I ask Senators the question, can a State
exercise the power to amend the Constitution
of the United States—a power conferred upon
the State by the Constitution—and at the same
time not seleet Senators and Representatives
