1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2075
or public invasion or rebellion, I would not
take any exception at all to bis motion, but
the gentleman greatly mistakes the scope and
effect of this legislation if he supposes that it
is not to operate in the presence of a public
enemy as well as in times of peace, and I
would count myself false to the duty which I
owe to the people of this country if I could sit
silently by while an attempt is made here by
solemn act of legislation to place a fetter upon
the arm of the Executive, who is charged by
his oath of office to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, and to summon to the de-
fense of the country its whole military power,
either to suppress rebellion or to repel inva-
sion.
I say to my colleague that according to all
the authorities the suggestion made by the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson] is sus
tained, that it is this day the common written
declared judgment of the civilized world, that
without formal legislation in time of public war
all violations of the law in aid of the public
enemy may by the usages and customs of war
be subjected to trial by the tribunals of military
justice known as>military commissions.
I trust the suggestion of the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Upsox] will be adopted by the
House.
Mr. UPSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
Michigan allow me to say a word?
Mr. UPSON. I will withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. It. is with diffidence that
I assume to be a peace-maker even between
these friends of mine. I dare say 1 shall have
somebody finding treason in what I say. I
suppose that the gentlemen know that military
commissions are tribunals known under the
laws of war in time of war and in an enemy's
country, and I suppose they will agree that the
records of them had better be kept somewhere.
Why not use, then, instead of the words mili-
tary commissions authorized by the laws of
war," the words "military commissions author-
ized in time of war."
Mr. GAIiFlELD. I am willing to accept
that modification of my amendment.
Mr. UPSON. I do not think that meets
the case, and I cannot accept that amendment.
1 demand the previous question on the pend-
ing amendment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, the question being
first upon the amendment to the amendment
offered by Mr. Upsos.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
28, noes -I'o : no quorum voting.
Mr. UPSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. G arfield
and UVsox were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 51.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, as modified; and upon a
division, there-were—ayes 36, noes 57.
The SPEAKER stated the resultof the vote,
and announced that the amendment had been
disagreed to.
Mr. GARFTELD. I call for tellers on the
question of agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. FARN 8W0 K'LTI. I rise to a point of
order. The Chair distinctly announced that
the amendment had been rejected before the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] called
lor tellers.
The SPEAKER. The attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio was held by a member con-
versing with him at the time the Chair announced
the result of the vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That certainly was
not the fault of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the demand for tellers was made in time
by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to anotherpoint of order.
There is so much confusion in the Hall that it
is almost impossible for members to hear what
the Speaker says, what is read by the Clerk, or
what is said by members on the floor.
The SPEA KER. The Chair generally speaks
distinctly and loudly enough to be heard by all
who give their attention to what he says.
Mr. SMITH. I am informed by gentlemen
on my left that they do not understand the
amendment, and I would ask that it be read
again.
The SPEAKER,
ing
The House is now divid-
g.
Mr. SMITH. I suppose it can be reported
again by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
it will be read again.
No objection being made, the amendment
was again read.
The question was upon the call of Mr. Gar-
piei.d for tellers upon agreeing to his amend-
ment.
The call for tellers was not agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to, as above
stated.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now move to amend
the section by striking out the words ''and
militarv commissions."
Mr. "FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
gentleman what he proposes to do with the
records of military commissions, of which
there have been several held.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no desire to
detain the House upon this subject, but as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnswobtii]
has asked me a question, I desire to say that
if gentlemen are willing, now that the war is
over, to retain these military commissions, I
think they should say so. Their functions
have ceased, and I am not willing that these
organizations without any authority of law
shall be continued in time of peace. I do not
discuss the propriety of these tribunals in the
past, or the propriety of trying any traitor of
the late war. We are now legislating for the
future, which will, I trust, for the next half
century at least, see us under the dominion of
law. Therefore I move to strike out the words
" and military commissions," and upon tjiat 1
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. F1NCK. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays" were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 34, nays 70, not voting
73; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Chanlcr, Don-
nelly, Eldridore, Finek. CJurtield, (loortvear. Grkler,
Hale, Aaron Hardin!?, Harris, llosan, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James it. llubbell, James M. Humphrey, Mar-
shall.Meicm-, Nibiack, Nicholson, Samuel J. Randal],
Kit tor, Ross, llousseau. Shanklin, Smith, Spalding,
Taber, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Warner,
\Vhalev, ami Windom—34. ^
NAYS—-Me«sr?. Allison, Amos, TSnnks. Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Binsham, Blaine, Boutwell,
Bromwcll, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Claike,
Cobb. Conklins, Davis, Dawes, Delano Deming. Dix-
on, Drigfts, Fsimswortb, Faruuhar, x erry, Abner 0.
Harding, Hayes. Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Asahel
"W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Julian,
Kellcy, Keho, Keteham, Ivuykendall, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Lonccyear, Lynch, Marston, Mar-
vin, McClurs, MeKec, McRuer, Miller, Moorhead,
Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Panic, Patter-
son, Porham, Price, ifohn II. Rice, Rollins Sclienck,
Seofield, Shellabafser, Stevens,Thayer,Trowbridge,
XJppon, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Elihuli. "Washbmne,
Welker, Went,worth, Williams, James I)\ Wilson,
Steohon F. Wilson, and Woodbridjrc—-76. _
\0T VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ancona. Dclos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley,Baldwin, Barker, Bergen,
Bidwell, Clow, Hover, Brandegee. Broomall. Sidney
Clarke, Coffroth, Cook, Cullora, Culver, Darling,
Dawson, Defrees, Denton, Dodge. Dumont, Eckley.
Esgleston, Eliot, Glossbrenner, Grinneli, Gnswold,
Hart Hill, Hooper, Uotchkiss Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. James Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kerr, Laflm, Latham,
WilliamLawrence,LeBlond. McCullough,Mclndoe,
Momll, Moulton,Noell.Phelps, Pike, Plants, Porae-
roy Radford, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Roger*. Sawyer, Sitereavcs, Sloan,
Starr. Stilwell. Strouse, John L. Thomas Inm-
ble, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wmiield, and
Wright—73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to 'amend by striking
out in the twelfth line of the fifteenth section
the words " selected by the Secretary of War,"
and inserting in lien thereof the words "ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senateso that the clause
will read:
And of thejudge advocates now in office there shall
he retained a number not exceeding ten, to be ap-
pointed by the President, byand with theadvice and
consent of the Senate, whoshail perform their duties
under the direction of the Jud?e Advocate General
until otherwise provided by law.
Mr. Speaker, I am told by gentlemen about
me that these officers are already appointed,
and that this is a mere provision for the reten-
tion of a portion of them, leaving the Secretary
of War to decide who.shall be mustered out.
I do not so understand the case. I understand
that the judge advocatesnow in office hold their
positions only temporarily, and during the con-
tinuance of the volunteer organization. If any
of them are to be made a part of the permanent
organization of the Army under this bill, 1 sub-
mit that they ought to be subject to precisely
the same method of appointment as other offi-
cers are—that there should not be an opening
here for favoritism by a single officer, but that
they should be appointed by the Executive,
with the concurrence of the Senate, in precisely
the same manner as other officers are.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, as Iunder-
stand, the matter stands thus: these officers
have been appointed in the manner suggested
by the gentleman from Now York, [Mr. Hale;]
and the effect of this bill is simply to allow the
retention of a portion of them, not exceeding
ten, to be dismissed from the service just as
soon as the public interest may warrant it.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman will permit
me, 1 desire to ask him this question : are these
officers now appointed in the service? If this
bill should not pass will they remain a part of
the force of the Army? It seems to me they
will not.
Mr. BINGHAM. As I understand, they
may, unless they are mustered out. They are
liable to be mustered out of the service like
other officers in the service. But they are now
in the Army, not by the terms of their com-
missions for a limited and specific time. They
are liable to be mustered out whenever their
further services are not required.
I desire to say in this connection that, accord-
ing to my recollection, there are now about
eighteen "of these odiceis employed in the
service. The effect of this bill will be" to
take eight of them out of the service at once,
leaving the Secretary of War to select from
the whole eighteen and retain a number not
exceeding ten, if the public exigency should
require that number. If, in his judgment, the
public exigency does not require any of them,
he will, under the provisions of this bill, mus-
ter them all out,. If five are sufficient, he will
retain but. five. Under the amendment sug-
gested by my colleague, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, the Secretary
of War is required to muster all these officers
out so soon as their services can bo dispensed
with.
Mr. HALE. Let me ask the gentleman one
other question : whether these officers are not
now in the service precisely as additional pay-
masters, and assistant adjutants general, and
assistant quartermasters of volunteers are now
m the service, and whether, in order to be
retained in the service, they do not require
reappointment just as much as the officers I
have named require reappointment.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I do not so understand
the scope of this bill or the effect of existing
laws. I yield the floor to mv colleague, [Mr.
Schexck,] who can explain this matter more
fully.
Mr. SCHENCK. When this bill- was firat
framed it embraced a provisional'a judge ad-
vocate general and an assistant judge advocate
general only. It was, however, ascertained
that the business of the Judge Advocate "6n"
eral's office has in fact increased oaring the
last, year, notwithstanding the termination ot
hostilities, in consequence of the vast mass of
records to be oxaniinedattd filed and reports to
