20?6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
be made; so that it was necessary to have more
assistance. The effect of the section, as it
originally stood, would probably have been to
legislate out of office all these judge advocates
with the rank of major, because it limited the
Judge Advocate General's department to the
Judge Advocate General and his assistant.
With a view to obtaining information on this
subject a correspondence was opened by the
committee with Judge Advocate General Holt,
to ascertain how many of the twenty-one judge
advocates who had been appointed remained
in office, and how many of them it would be
desirable to retain. He explained to us that
he must for some time to come have at least
as many as the six now employed in the office,
and that it would also be convenient and proper
to retain four or five or six, to be detailed to
attend to the trials that might be ordered. We
fixed the number at the lowest limit consist-
ently with what seemed to be expected and
desired by that department—a little lower,
indeed—and provided that ten might be re-
tained.
There are eighteen of these officers now in
office. There have been twenty-one. These
eighteen are in office under a provision of the
act of July 17, 1SG2, which I will read, and by
which the gentleman from New York {Mr.
Hale] will discover that he is mistaken. That
act provides in the sixth section that—
" There maybe appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, for each
army in the field, a judge advoeate, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments, each, of a major of cavalry,
who shall perform the duties of judge advocate for
the army to which they respectively belong, under
the direction of the Judge Advocate General."
Under that act these officers have been
appointed, have been confirmed by the Senate,
have by some construction been retained, and
are now in office. They are borne upon the
Arniv Register like other officers. We want to
get iid of a portion of them at least.
Mr. HALE. Let me ask another question,
and that is, whether the term "army in the
field" has not a definite meaning? Have we
any aimies in the field to-day in the sense in
which the term is used in that act? We had
the army of the James, the army of the Ten-
nessee. the army of the Potomac, and so on.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was always inclined to
disagree with the construction, but by the con-
struction put upon it even by the law author-
ities at the War Department these persons
remain in office, having been appointed and
confirmed, although the army may have been
disbanded. They are now actually in office,
eighteen of them enjoying the emoluments,
drawing salary, and most of them, I believe, at
work. I think, after the fullest correspondence
with and explanation from the Judge Advocate
General, ten may be dispensed with. I think
the gentleman will find his object entirely
secured by leaving the selection from those
now in office.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read the nest section, as follows:
Sec. 16. And he it further enacted, That the quar-
termaster's department of the Army thall hereafter
consist of one quartermaster crcneral, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a brigadier genera!: six
quartermasters, with the rank, pay. and emoluments
of colonels of cavalry: ten quartermasters, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry ; fifteen quartermasters, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of majors of cava'iT; f)it>-foui
quartennasteis. with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of captains of cavalry; and at least two thirds of all
original vacancies in each of the grades of lieutenant
colonel and major, and all original vacancies in the
grade of captain shall be filled by selection from
among those persons who have rendered meritorious
service as assistant quartermasters of volunteers in
the Army of the ITnited States in the late war. But
alter the first appointments made under the provis-
ions of this section, as vacancies may occur in the
jri-iides of major and captain in this department, no
appointments to fill the same shall be made until
the number of majors shall be reduced to twelve and
the numbers of captains to thirty, and thereafter the
number of officers in each of said grades shall con-
til, ue In conform to said reduced numbers.
Mr. SCHHXCK. I have been under a
promise to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
on my left, for a day or two to give him the
floor to have some bills printed.
CHESAPEAKE BAY AND LAKE ONTARIO.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, reported
back House bill Xo. 92, to ascertain the practi-
cability of having steamboat navigation from
Chesapeake bay, at the mouth of the Susque-
hanna river, to Lake Ontario, in the State of
New York; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
Mr. SMITH moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on lloads and Canals, reported
back House bill Xo. 144, granting lands to the
State of West Virginia to aid in the construct-
ion of certain railroads, with the recommen-
dation that it do not pass, and moved that it be
laid upon the table.
. The motion was agreed to.
EDUCATION OF THE MILITIA.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Militia,
reported back House bill No. 102, to educate the
militia, with amendments; which were ordered
to be printed and with the bill recommitted.
Mr. SPALDING moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not, as we ought
to work another hour.
Mr. SCHEXCK. I hope we will not adjourn
until we get through with the pending section
of the Army bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
3-5, noes 61.
Mr. SMITH demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
LEAVE OF ABSiiNCE GRANTED.
On motion of Mr. DxlVIS, leave of absence
was granted to his.colleague, Mr. Van Aer-
xam, for ten days, and to himself for one week
from to-day.
reorganization* of*tiie army—again.
Mt. DAVIS, of New York. I move to strike
out section sixteen and in lieu thereof to-insert
the following:
And hf d fvrthfr exacted, That the Quartermaster
General's department of the Army shall hereafter
consist of one quartermaster srericr.il, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a, brigadier general; six
assistant quartermaster generals, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of colonels of cavalry; twelve deputy
quartermaster generals, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of lieutenant colonels of cavalry; twenty
quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of majors of cavalry; and forty-eight assistant quar-
termasters, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
captains of cavalry, and the vacancies hereby created
in the grade of assistant quartermaster shall be filled
by selection from among the poons who have ren-
dered meritorious service as assistant quartermasters
of volunteers daring two years of the war.
The substitute which I have offered is one
which was prepared under the supervision of
two distinguished generals whose names have
been mentioned heretofore. And I understand
that a bill containing this very provision was
submitted to the gentleman who reported this
bill, and that the original is now in this city
with the interlineations. But whether it is so
or not, 1 think there are many reasons why the
sixteenth section, at least, as reported by the
committee, should be amended.
I understand that the chairman of the com-
mittee consented to an amendment to the thir-
teenth section in relation to the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department; and I asked him if he had
any amendment to propose to this section;
because I inferred, from the course taken in
regard to the other and the amendment which
he offered thereto, that at least the same jus-
tice would be done to gentlemen in the quar-
termaster's department that he had conceded
to those in the Adjutant General's department.
It will be observed by the provisions of this
section that the nomenclature of all the assist-
ant quartermasters iti the department of a cer-
tain rank is entirely changed, so that the same
effect will be produced precisely in that depart-
ment, as was shown by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] as is produced
in the department of the Adjutant General.
We have, for instance, under the provisions
of this bill, forty-four quartermasters with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of captains of cav-
alry. There are in the existing Quartermaster
General's department, I think, 1'orty-four assist-
ant quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of captain. There is no such
grade established by this bill. Therefore the
legal effect, as I submit to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] of passing this section
and making it a law, would be to legislate out
of office every person in the Quartermaster
General's department of the rank of captain
who now holds a commission as assistant quar-
termaster with that rank. My great object is
to do exact justice to the officers in tliat depart-
ment as to those in everj- other department.
And I will say that the same effect will be
produced upon three colonels and four lieuten-
ant colonels who are now commissioned as
assistant quartermasters general and deputy
quartermasters general. The commission runs
by the nomenclature established by the existing
law. The rank of deputies and assistants is
entirely incident to their commission. They are
not commissioned 'as captains, majors, or col-
onels, but as assistant quartermasters general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of licuten
ant colonels, majors, or captains, as the case may
be. Therefore whenever the office is abolished
which now exists by name in the present law,
the abolition of that office removes at once the
party holding this particular commission and
he is retired from the regular Army; he is legis-
lated out of the Army and holds no commission
in it.
Now, I have no disposition to take up the
time of the House, but I think that the pro-
visions of the Senate bill in that particular do
full justice to all parties, and I know not what
reason the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee can assign against the adoption of that
proposition.
It is true that in another part of the section,
at the close of it, there is this provision :
The Secretary of War may assign at any time from
among the officers of the quartermaster's department
an officer to serve as chief quartermaster of a geo-
graphical military division, or of a separate army in
the field, consisting of not less than ten Thousand
men. who shall have, while so assigned and acting,
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral : but not more than two officers shall hold such
assigned rank at any one time, and any such officer
relieved from the assigned duty shall return to his
lineal rank in the department.
Mr. BLAINE. That part is not properly in
the bill. It is to be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. If that provision is intended
to be stricken out, I have of course no remarks
to make upon it. But I submit that the amend-
ment which I have submitted accomplishes all
and no more than should be accomplished by
the bill in reference to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's department.
Mr. BLAINE. Let me ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] whether it would
not satisfy him, inasmuch as this change was
made at tiie request of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral. if a proviso were added to the section,
that it shall not work to the vacation of any
J commissions; would not that be entirely sat-
i isfyctory?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to any
reasonable provision that will accomplish that
end.
Mr. BLAINE. The committee had no such
purpose as the gentleman seems to suppose.
They reported precisely what was recom-
mended by the Quartermaster General.
Mr. DAVIS. I know that there are a num-
ber of gentlemen in the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's department who do not concur in the
wisdom of (he changes rccommendcd by the
Quartermaster General.
Mr. BLAINE. There is another point which
has been made by some gentlemen, in the
course of this debate, although perhaps not
by (he gentleman from New York, to which
1 d-'.-ire ;<> refer for a moment._ It is that these
oilk".jtv> would have commissions of a more
