1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
portanee t8 justify me in giving it something
more than a'mere passing notice.
Blackstone says:
"The first and most obvious division of the people
is into aliens and natural-born subjects. Natural-
born subject arc such as arc born within, the domin-
ions of the Crown of England; that is within tiio
ligeance, or, as it is generally culled, the allegiance
of the king; and aliens are such as are born out of
it."—Sharsivood't Blackatone, vol. 1, p. 304.
The principle here laid down applies to this
country as well as to l^ngland. It makes a
man a subject in England, and a citizen here,
and is, as Blackstone declares, ufounded in
reason and the nature of government."
The English law made no distinction on ac-
count of race or color in declaring that all per-
sons born within its jurisdiction are natural-
born subjects; nor does it do so in regard to
naturalization. This law bound the colonics
before tlie Revolution, and was not changed
afterward.
The Constitution of the United States rec-
•ognizes the division of the people into the two
classes named by Blackstone—natural-born
and naturalized citizens. It speaks of '• nat-
ural-born'' citizens, and also provides for the
establishment of "a uniform rule of natural-
ization* ' by Congress. But in neither case does
it apply race or color as a limitation on citizen-
ship ; and Congress, when it came to establish
a uniform rule of naturalization, recognized
by implication the citizenship of the nathe-
b'>m m &ro by providing 4 * that any alien, being
a free white person, may be admitted to become
a ei( i/.en of lite t "niled States,'" A e. Why use
the woi d ' * white" in this way if a ncicro can not
be a cii i/.en of lite t' nitcd States? JI' he is ex-
cluded from ciiizenship because of his race or
color, though born within our jurisdiction and
On our own soil, tould Congress make him a
citizen by naturalization? If he could not be
bom a citizen could he be legislated inio one?
No one, 1 presume to say, will assume ihe uf-
firmaiive of I ins question. But unless xonm
one will allirm ibis absurdity we# have in ihe
ri  (urn IW.at ion act. of April M, 1802, that uhich
amounts to an unqualilied declaration thai, a
negro maybe a citizen of the l/nited Stales;
for in the first section of that act it is pro\ ided :
M Thatany alien who wa-J residiuswithin the limits,
and midert fu'jm'L-nliotion of the United Staler before
the #Mh dav of .January, may he admitted to
be«M>i o ueih'/.tMi on duo proof made to «omo om« of
the courts afm-e iud; that hehas resided Uvo years at
Jftnst within and under the.um.sdietion of the United
fty.ittvs and «>m* year at least immediately preceding
his application nuliin tho Statu or Territory whero
such eouH i.-  at the time held."
No one can doubt that an alien African could
bo natural i/ed under t his part of the act. of 1802,
who was roMdiiHi; in the I'nited Slates prior to
the 2ftb day of January, Well, if Afri-
cans naturalized undorliiis law should luiw had
children born to them, will any person say that
such children would be loss citizens titan their
parents? The parents bein^ citizens of ihe I' id-
led States by natuiabzation, would it not. follow
that children burn to thorn would be citizens by
birth? I uppichend that if will not be claimed
by anj one that the ehildrenof naturalized eili-
z<'nsoftbe United States do not partake of the
citizenship of their parents.
The act of February 2*, pro\ides that :
M No toaisi or or cap lain of any ship or vessel, or nn>
other per? on, shall import or bnnj-r, or en use to be nn-
ported or bruu'djb any ne^ro, mulatto, oi other pei-
son et <•<)!<<*{, !,< ( In-biix n native, aeiti/.en, oi rc^iMeicd
soinuau of tlm United States, or seamen native* of
counh if.' bt'.\o])d the Cape of t^ood Hope, into any
pel I <>.' place oI ihe I'nited States whieh pel t or place
shall he Mim ted in any Stale whieh hv law h pio-
hiiutcd, or shall prohibit, tho admi^em or impor-
tation oi mcli ue no, mulatto^ or other person of
Color."—-//; 'iiitit'u't- p.-1ST.
This is a very direct admission l)y the law-
making power of the Government that a negro
may be a citizen of the United States. Ship-
masters an; prohibited from bringing into any
State described in the section of the aet ({noted
any negro who is not cither a native or a citizen
of the United States, if no negro eould be a
citizen, why use this language ? Why use the
term citizen as a descriptive term if the per; mis
described cannot be citizens of tho United
States ? Let liirn answer who can.
1 am aware that Ihe Attorney (i
to so lii'H this opinion down by sp.
Section ten of the act of September 4,1841,
says:
" That from and after tho passage of this act, every
nerson being the head of a family, or widow, or single
man, over the n;rc of twenty-one years, and being a
citizen of the United States, or iiavmft filed his inten-
tion to become a citizen, a-> leouired by the natural-
ization laws, who since the l^t day of Juae, A.lb 1840,
has made or shall hereafter make a settlement in per-
son on tho public lands to which the Indian title had
been at the tinioof such settlement extinguished, and
which has been or shall have been surveyed prior
thereto, and who shall inhabit and improve the same;
and who has 01 shall elect a dwelling thereon, shall
ho and is hereby, authorised to enter with the regis-
ter of the land office of the district in which such laml
may lie, by lctfal subdivisions, any number of acres
not exceeding one hundred and sixty, or a'lll.irter
section of land, to include the resilience of such chum-
ant, upon paying to the United States the minimum
piiee of such land," &c.— United States titalutm-ut-
h'trw, vol. 5, p. -1;>5,
Under this section a colored man made ap-
plication to preempt land in the .State of Illi-
nois. The Secretary of the Treasury, Hon.
John C. Spencer, submitted to the Attorney
General of the United States, for his opinion,
the question, can a free man of color be ad-
milled to tho privileges of a preemptioner
tinder the act of 4th September, 1HH? On
llareli i;~>, I'S-l:;, Mr. II. S. Legarc, the llien
Attorney General, gave his opinion in writing,
from wliieh I quote the following:
" I have delayed (jiving an opinion on tho subject,
j became 1 whs desimus of be:-towiiu,r uj-on it vei.v ,
i il'-l ibiT.it o conoid era 1 ion. Tho result, i--, that I amof i
i opinion thai a lice unit) of color, n native of this ;
country, may be admitted to the privileges of u pre- i
onij.tioncr under the tenlh section of the m'l ol -till
September, Ihll."—-Wji'ii'om vf AUomevi H<~ncvnl, vol.
t, p. 1)7.
neral tried
iking of
• denizens." Bui the Malulo says citi/.ens.
The law otlieer of'the Government tells u  that
his opinion was given after "very deliberate
consideration," and the law .shows us that the
limitation of citizenship was acting upon his
deliberation. lie gu\e in his opinion what
every man must, admit to be true, that a negro
can lie a citizen of Ihe United Slates, and as
such enjoy the privileges of a preemptioner
under the aet of 1811. Besides this, Mr. Lo-
gan1 was well aware thai--
"A denizen is nu nlien bum who lias obtained ev
rhmulionr !r,ii  letters patent to nmkehim an knididi
subject .mid that in Ihe United Stul esthcieisiiomich
civil condition.> 'a /jitw JJictiomuy, vol. 1,
title lleui/.en.
And further, that—
"I'lli'/ens. under our Constitution and laws, mean
free iiibabthinls, born within ihe United Stales or
naiuriili/ed under i he l.nv of Couki ess."—Kait'n (<m-
mi iilnrti i, \ ol. ii, lieS, not e
llenee the free negro upon whose case the
opinion was given iiee.uue a preolnpl inner be-
cause ho was a native-born eilizen uf the Uni-
ted Sla'es.
On this question of cilixensliip, Air. Marcv,
while he was Secretary ol Slate, in a mile dated
March (>, IS".I, expressed himself as follows:
"Although in KCiierul it is not Ihe duly of Ihe Sec-
retary of Stale to express opinions of law, and doubts
rnuy be entertained of the expediency of making an
answer lo your imntiries an exception to this rule,
yet I am under theimpression that every person hoi n
1| ill the t'niied Hi ates uio^l be considered a eitizeu of
!! the I'nited St nte-, not withst andinK oneor both of his
11 parents m.iy have been alien at the time of his birth."
il 1 quote this not lo claim that it was written
!! coueerning a colored person, but for tin; pur-
!; pose of showing how broad the rule is which
i Mr. Marey allirmed. Kvery person born in
f the Uniletl States must include negroes, for
llieytire persons and are born in the United
!, Slates; and L submit that, under the rule thus
j| laid down, all such persons "must be eousid-
ji ered citizens of the United States."
Ij I know, Mr. Speaker, thai Mr. Marey sulisc-
!| quently modified this opinion, at least a letter
I' written by his Assistant Secretary. Mr. Thomas,
| to Mr. Rice, ofNcwYorlc, of date November
H 4,18">t'i, substantially affirms that negroes "are
j! not citizens of the United States." This change
i! of opinion may not be without a solution. The
i first letted is dated March ii. the second
! November 4,1850; between these two dates an
j important political event occurred. The Kan-
i! sas-Xebraskabill passed Congress in May, 1S54,
il receiving the approval of President Pierce on
the 30th day of that month. This act was full
of trouble to the Democratic party ; and the
leaders of that organization became very anx-
ious to have the question of slavery, so far as it
related to the Territories and tho xtaiux of ne-
groes, adjudged and " settled'' by the Supreme
Court of the United States. The case of Dred
Scott vs. Sanford found its way to the docket
of that court, and was argued the first time at
the December term, 1855, and ordered to be
reargued at the December term, 1S5G. It was
not safe to cast the monstrosities of that de-
cision into the presidential campaign of 1856.
The Democratic party had all it could carry
without the abominations which tho end of that
case was destined to disclose. The case was
held over, Buchanan was elected, and then the
leaders of the parly were .ready to let slip the
pestilent doctrines of the Dred Scott case.
No one now doubts that the leaders of the
Democratic party knew what was to conic out
of that case iti the form of aid and comfort to
them. Buchanan doubtless knew what it would
be, for in his inaugural address, delivered
March 4, 1857, in speaking of the slavery ques-
tion, he says:
"This is, happily, a matter of but little practical
impoitnnec. Besides, it is ajiubeial question wliioh
iesitimalely beloturs to the Supreme Court of tho
Tinted St.itex, bofoic whom it is now pending, and
\\ liI. it is itinteisLooil, be spcoililv and finally settled.
To their decision, in common with all ^ood eiti/ens,
I shall cheeitully submit."—.S'entile Joui-riu/, lS.jf.i-57,
p. ;!7H.
The opinion of the court was soon after
given lo 1 he country, but instead of becoming a
triumphant platform for the Democratic party,
it proved to be the scjitVuld on which the party
was executed. These facts, taken in their
proper relation to each other, may explain the
change winch transpired in ihe Department of
Slate between the I'.th dav of March, 18 >4,
and the Ith day of November, 1S5G. The first
opinion was an honest and true statement ot
the law, the latter a mere partisan subterfuge.
The, ablest and most exhaustive.opinion ever
given on the subject of negro citizenship by any
law ollicer of the Government is that of Attor-
ney General Bates, of date November 21), 1802.
This opinion was called for by the Secretary of
the Treasury, lion. S. 1\ Chase, by a loiter from
which the following extract is taken:
"The schooner Elizabeth anil Maixaret, of Xew
Brunswick, is detained by the revenue cutter Ti;rer at
■South Amboy, New Jersey, because commanded by
a "colored mail.' ami m> by a person not a citizen of
the, I'nited States; us colored masters are numerous
in our consting I rude, T submit for your opinion tho
niiestion sui-'jecsted by Captain Miirtin of tlic Tiger:
are colored Ulell citl/.eus of the United States, and
theiefore competent toeoinniaiid American vessels?"
No ship or vessel can be deemed a ship or
vessel of I he United Stales unler-s wholly owned
by a eilizen or by citizens of the United States,
nor unless commanded by a citizen of tho United
States, amino American registry can be granted
to any ship  r vessel until after the filing with the
proper officerof the Government affidavits stat-
ing that the entire ownership vests in a citizen
or citizens of the United States, and that the
commander is a citizen. (Act of December 31,
171)2 ; Brightly's Digest, page H23.)
From this statement of the law it will be
seen that the question propounded by Secre-
tary Chase to the Attorney General was of the
highest importance to the shipping and com-
mercial interests of the country. Many ves-
sels engaged iti the coasting trade were com-
manded by colored men: many vessels were
i| owned ill wdiole or in pan by colored men, and
| all such would forfeit their American registry
! and character if the colored men interested as
j owners or commanders were not citizens of
! the United States ; for the first section of the
.1 not of 17U2 expressly provides that tbev shall
; not continue to enjoy the benefits and privileges
!| of ships and vessels of the X, nitcd States
j, "longer than they shall continue to bo wholly
H owned and to be commanded by il citizen or
ji citizens of the said States." And the fourth
: section of said act provides as a penalty for
i a false statement of the facts to be set out in
j the oath required by ..aid section, among which
1 facts so required is the citizenship of the owner
