3996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
of right ? It is not a question of favor that
States are represented m Congress; it is a
question of constitutional right. It is because
she is a State that she can consent to an amend-
ment of the Constitution. It is because she is
a State that she is entitled to representation.
And if, of her own free will, and at her own
pleasure, she ratifies an amendment to the Con-
stitution, she can at the same time select Sena-
tors to represent her in this body, and when
they come with proper credentials, qualified
to take their seats, of right she is entitled to
be represented here.
But, Mr. President, I object to this last rea-
son that is given on another ground. We do not
know whether the State ofTennesseehas ratified
the recent amendment or not. Independently
of this resolution, would Senators to-day pass
a joint resolution declaring that the constitu-
tional amendment has been ratified by Ten-
nessee? Would any Senator, upon an inde-
pendent, naked proposition of that sort, cast
his vote declaring that that constitutional
amendment has been ratified by Tennessee,
simply upon a telegmphie message from the
Governor of the State? I care nothing about
the form of the communication; it is wholly
immaterial except as it may illustrate the char-
acter of the man. He communicates by tele-
graph not to the Senate, not to the House, not
to the President, butto some person in the city
of Washington; Governor Brownlow communi-
cates the fact by telegraph that the constitu-
tional amendment is ratified. Are Senators
willing to pass a resolution declaring that fact
upon sueh information, when it is known to all
of us that it is disputed, when it is known to all
of us that there was not a quorum present, and
that to make up a quorum it was necessary that
there should be present in the legislative body
two men who were in confinement in another
part of the Capitol? When that is claimed, and
when we have no information communicated to
any branch of the Government, can we under-
take to declare that the constitutional amend-
ment has been ratified? Is it the business of
Congress to declare the ratification of a consti-
tutional amendment? I do not understand that
it has ever been done. It is a question of fact
whether a State in proper form has ratified a
constitutional amendment. Usually, I believe,
the information is communicated to the Secre-
tary of State, and he makes it known to the
country by a proclamation ; but that is simply
for information. The courts, I presume, would,
ex officio, take notice of a ratification. But it
is a question of fact whether the Legislature
of Tennessee has ratified that amendment.
Now, I ask Senators if we have sufficient
information on this subject to justify the decla-
ration that it is ratified. "We are all ready to
vote Tennessee in. I desired to do it months
since, and I am ready to admit all the States
that have sent here Senators qualified and duly
elected. I am ready to vote for that resolu-
tion, although I think it objectionable, because
it accomplishes that end. I desire Senators
from Tennessee to participate in our delibera-
tions when we are legislating in regard to the
interests of the people of Tennessee. For
that reason I am ready to vote for the resolu-
tion, however objectionable in form it may be.
Then, I ask Senators if they ought to ask us
to vote for a preamble which we do not believe,
in fact; to vote for reasons that we believe
neither logical nor true. You want Tennessee
to come in. Is it right, then, to compel us
who differ from you to vote for a political
stump speech in advance of the resolution?
A few years ago you found great fault in regard
to a bill that was passed establishing territorial
governments in Nebraska and Kansas, and
you i,aid a political stump speech was injected
into the bill; or at least it was said by Mr.
Benton, and repeated everywhere, and it was
considered wrong. But here you introduce a
resolution by a political stump speech, which
is neither true in fact nor logic, in my judg-
ment.
We do not admit, and I do not think any
Senator here will say that he admits. Senators
to this floor on the ground that the legislation
of the State has been agreeable to him. The
legislation in Indiana is not agreeable to the
majority in this body. We have excluded a
portion of the people from immigration into
our State; and that was in the constitution of
Indiana when I took my seat here. Did any
Senator ask the question whether the legisla-
tion of Indiana was agreeable to him? By
no means. Then is any Senator here pre-
pared to say that he admits a Senator to his
seat simply because the action of the Legisla-
ture is agreeable to him? The reason that
you admit a Senator here is because the Con-
stitution says that his State is entitled to two
Senators; and there is no other reason that
can be given. It is simply a question of fact
whether a State is in the Union, and if in the
Union, whether she has, in proper fofm and
by the proper authorities, selected Senators;
and if so, they are entitled to their seats.
Then, I appeal to Senators not to force upon
us a preamble which we cannot believe. If
you believe this preamble, make it in your
stump speeches before the country. It is not
just to the minority to force upon us a pre-
amble which we do not believe. We are ready
to support the resolution and let Tennessee
eome in. If she is entitled to representation,
declare so. I think that each House ought to
declare this for itself; but! shall not stand
upon a question of form. I am ready to vote
for the resolution, and let the Senators and
Representatives from Tennessee take their
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I am
very glad to agree with my colleague in the
opinion that it is unnecessary that we should
have any preamble at all to this resolution.
There are reasons sufficient to vote for the
resolution. The members of the Senate may
not agree altogether in those reasons, if we at-
tempt to state them in a preamble. I remem-
ber very well a remark once made by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] not
long after I became a member of this body.
He had had already considerable experience
here as well as elsewhere. It was a remark
which struck me with great force then and
which I have always remembered, and upon
which I have sought sometimes to profit. It
was this, that sometimes persons in entering
the Senate, who were new here, were too anx-
ious to explain every vote they happened to
give ; and said he to me, "Let them give their
vote; they can explain it afterward." Now,
sir, there are some who are ready to recognize
the government of Tennessee because they be-
lieve it is republican in form. There are other
Senators here who state, and who conscien-
tiously believe, that its government is not re-
publican in form, and therefore they cannot
vote for the preamble. There are other Sena-
tors who believe that Tennessee ought to be
admitted because it has adopted a certain con-
stitutional amendment. There are other Sen-
ators who would not make the adoption of a
constitutional amendment a condition-prece-
dent to an}' State being entitled to representa-
tion in Congress. There are other Senators
who, like the honorable Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Lake,] believe that the State of Tennes-
see, by its people, during the rebellion, organ-
ized itself into a loyal State government; that
that State government was born of the people
by their own act and not born of Congress at
all; that it is not in the power of Congress to
give birth to a State government; Congress
can recognize a State government, it does not
create it.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate,
for I am anxious to get on with business, but
there are different reasons operating upon dif-
ferent minds in the Senate, and yet all concur
in one thing. What is that? That Tennessee
is a State and has an organized State govern-
ment, and is entitled to representation. That
is all wo want to say. I want to say it. I will
say it to-day; I would say it to-morrow; I will
say it at any time. I would have said it any
time for the last six months, but there were
others who could not conscientiously do it. I
do not stand here to find fault with them,
but I say, inasmuch as Senators differ in the
reasons which bring their judgments to the
common result in which we all agree, to vit,
that Tennessee is now to be recognized and
is now entitled to representation; for which-
ever of these reasons, let us declare the result
and let each Senator have his own reasons—
it is because she has adopted the amendment
to the Constitution, or because she was organ-
ized, as my friend from Indiana believes, by her
loyal people and has been properly in operation
for years in spite of the rebellion. Whatever
may be the reason, wo all agree in the one
thing: that we recognize that she is a State
organized in the Union, entitled to her rights
as a State in the Union. Let us say precisely
what we intend to say: that she is so entitled,
and then there is no difficulty, no controversy
among ourselves ; no controversy between Con-
gress and the President, or anybody else. When
we all agree in the thing, but may not agree as
to the reasons for doing it, why not do it, and
not quarrel about the reasons? I hope, sir,
that this preamble business may be laid aside.
I agree with my collcaguc that wc should leave
out the preamble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] objected very stren-
uously to that portion of the preamble reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary which reads
as follows:
And whereas the body of the people have, by a
proper spirit of obedience, shown to the satisfaction
of Congress, the return of said State to due alleciunce
to tlie Government, laws, and authority of the United
States.
That recital is copied in Jioec verba from the
House preamble. Of course it is just as ob-
jectionable in the House preamble as in the one
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Our report is an amendment of the House
report, and those words are the same in both.
They would not have been iuserted, probabljr,
as an original proposition. I thought there
was force in the suggestion made by the Sena-
tor from Missouri, and I have no objection my-
self to those words going out. I think it would
be as well, perhaps, to let them go out, and
instead of saying that "the body of the people
have, by a proper spirit of obedience, shown
to the satisfaction of Congress, the return of
said State to due allegiance," to say simply
that the State of Tennessee has done other acts
proclaiming and denoting loyalty. That there
could be no objection to.
While I am up I desire to say that I am not
tenacious about a preamble at all. I intro-
duced a proposition, when wc first heard
that Tennessee had ratified the constitutional
amendment, without any preamble. I would
have been satisfied to act without having any
preamble; but the House thought proper to
adopt a preamble, which was sent to the Sen-
ate. The matter was then referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I felt very sure
of one thing: that if we had a preamble at all
it ought to be full; we should either have no
preamble, and let every person, as was said by
the Senator from Wisconsin, vote for reasons
satisfactory to himself, one way or the other,
or, if you had a preamble, it should be full.
Now, what is the difference between these
preambles? The Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] preferred the House preamble. The
reason 1 object to the House preamble, if we
are to have one at all, is that it is not full; it
contains but one declaration ; and what is that?
That Tennessee has in good faith ratified the
constitutional amendment proposed at the pres-
ent session. That is all there is in it.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all there is init.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. "And has also shown
t the satisfaction of Congress, by a proper
spirit of obedience in the body of her people,
her return to her due allegiance to the Govern-
ment, laws, andauthorityoftheUnitedStates."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is nothing specific.
That is a sort of'' general welfare'' clause that
