1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20It-
recent date than those which were vacated,
and that hence the measure would work an
injury to them. Now, that cannotbeso because
their rank is entirely relative.
It is no matter when their commissions are
dated, so that they hold the same relative posi-
tion as respects the men who come in rivalry
with them for promotion. If all the commis-
sions are dated similarly there is no harm done
to anybody.
Mr. THAYER. I will yield the floor for a
moment to the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Demixg,] who has a request to make of
the House.
change 01? reference.
Mr. DEMING-. Mr. Speaker, a very im-
portant memorial has been presented to the
Military Committee, being the application of
J. B. Sperry, president of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, for a reduction of the mili-
tary reservation at Port Riley. There has also
been referred to that committee a petition
from citizens of western Kansas, asking an
appropriation for the bridging of the Repub-
lican river, or for the sale of certain lands to aid
in that purpose. I find, on examination, that
these petitions involve nearly all the legis-
lation that has been passed in reference to
the Pacific railroad companies, and much of the
legislation that is applicable to the public
lands. I ask, therefore, that the Committee
on Military Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of these memorials, and that
they be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. *
There being no objection, the motion was
entertained and agreed to.
reorganization of tiie army again.
Mr. THAYER. I now yield for a moment
to thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Bi.aine] says that this change of nomen-
clature will not in any way affect the rank or
position of any of these officers. T hold that
in regard to priority of commission it does pro-
duce a change. If you commission a man under
this law to a new office, I do not suppose you
are going to provide that he shall hold the com-
mission which ho did at a prior time when he
was commissioned under another law.
Mr. BLAINE. He holds the same rank in
the department.
Mr. DAVIS. Every man who has served
faithfully in the Army of the United States
under commission of an officer is entitled by
a certain term of service to a certain increase
of ration. This is known as the "longevity"
ration. Now, I undertake to say that these
men, if you appoint them to new offices, unless
you make special provision that they shall
be entitled to such longevity ration, will be
deprived of that benefit.
Mr. BLAINE. The 1' longevity'' ration only
applies to the infantry branch of the service.
Mr. SCIIENCK. With a view of removing
the objection to this section, or rather this
phase of the objection, I move to add to the
section the following proviso:
Tliit nothing in this section shall ho construed so
as to affect the commission of any officer now com-
missioned, either as acting quartermaster general, or
as deputy quartermaster general, or as assistant quar-
termaster seen oral, but only to change the title to
quartermaster in the case of those who rank as col-
oiu'ls, lieutenant colon els, majors, and captains, with-
out affecting in any way their relative positions, or
the time from which they take such lank.
Mr. THAYER. As I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] it leaves the organization of the Quar-
termaster General's department precisely as it
is now. I would ask the gentleman from New
York if that is not the effect of his amendment.
Mr. DAYIS. I really am unable to say.
Mr. BLAINE. Not by a very great deal.
The House bill, as amended, proposes to have
three colonels in the department, and his
amendment six. The House bill proposes to
have four lieutenant colonels, and he proposes
to have twelve.
Mr. HALE. I call for the reading of the
first two clauses of the substitute proposed by
my colleague, so that wo may see what it
amounts to.
Mr. THAYER. I hope that will be done.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SCIIENCK. That is in neither the
House bill nor in the Senate bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say it was.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer]
or the gentleman from Sew York [Mr. Davis]
to point out the necessity for increasing the
number of quartermasters over and above the
number provided in the House bill. The
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] proposes a larger number.
Mr. THAYER. I am opposed to the sub-
stitute proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis.] I desire to preserve the
organization of this department in the form in
which it now exists, which I understand can
be accomplished by striking out that portion
of the Senate provision which provides for a
new grade, three assistant chief quartermasters
general.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] allow mo to
suggest an amendment which I desire to have
offered?
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
pending to the section, and a substitute for the
section pending.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I desire to read it for
the information of the gentleman, if he will
allow me to do so.
Mr. THAYER. I will hear the amendment
read.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I propose to have this sec-
tion amended by striking out the word "briga-
dier" and inserting the word ''major" before
the word '1 general." Also to insert after the
word "general" the words "three quarter-
masters general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of brigadier generalsalso strike out
the word "six" and insert the word "'four"
in the same line. The section would then read
as follows:
That the quartermaster's department of the Army
shall hereafter consist of one quartermastergei}eral,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a major gen-
eral; three quartermasters general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of brigadier generals; four
quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of colonels of cavalry, ten quartermasters, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry; fifteen quartermasters, with tho rank, pay,
and emoluments of majors of cavalry; forty-four
quartermasters, with tho rank, pay, and emoluments
of captains of cavalry; and at least two thirds of all
originalvacancics in each ofthegradcsoflieutenant
colonel and major, and all original vacancies in the
grade of captain shall be tilled by selection from
among those persons who have rendered meritorious
service as assistant quartermasters of volunteers in
the Army of the United States in tho late war. But
after tho first appointments made under the provis-
ions of this section, as vacancies may occur in the
grades of major and captain in this department, 110
appointments to fill the same shall be made until tile
number of majors shall bo reduced to twelve and the
numbcrof captainsto thirty, and thereafter the num-
ber of oSicers in each of said grades shall continue
to confoim to said reduced numbers.
Mr. THAYER. I prefer some other amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman from Pcnu-
syhania [Mr. Thayer] >ield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. THAYER. I will.
uniform militia system, etc.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to have entered upon
the Journal a motion to reconsider the vote,
by which the House yesterday recommitted to
the Committee on the Militia House bill No.
501. to provide for the national defense by
establishing a uniform militia system and organ-
izing an active militia force throughout the
United States.
I also desire to have entered a similar motion
in regard to House bill 1U2, in regard to edu-
cating the militia, which with amendments-was
recommitted to that committee to-day, on the
motion of tho gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Harding.]
Mr. WASHBU11NE, of Illinois. I move to
lay those motions to reconsider oil the table.
Mr. SPEAKER. No action can be taken
on the motions to reconsider at this time, pend-
ing the consideration of the Army bill. The
motions will be entered upon the Journal.
reorganization of the army again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the reorganization of the Army.
The pending question was upoti the substi-
tute proposed by Mr. Davis for the sixteenth
section in relation to the quartermaster's
department. •
Mr. THAYER. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] to withdraw his
proposed substitute and accept in lieu thereof
the corresponding section of the Senate bill,
leaving out the three new officers created by that
section. It will then read as follows :
That the quartermaster's department of tho Army,
shall hereafter consist of one quartermaster general,
with tho rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier
general; four assistant quartermasters general, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels of cav-
alry ; eight deputy quartermasters general, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry; sixteen quartermasters,with tho rank,pay,
and emoluments of majors of cavalry; and forty-eight
assistant quartermasters, with tho rank, pay, and
emoluments of captains of cavalry, and tho vacancies
herebv created in thegradoof assistant quartermaster
shall bo filled by selectiou from among the persons
who have rendered meritorious service as assistant
quartermasters of volunteers during two years of the
war.
Mr. DAVIS. I will accept that.
Mr. THAYER. If the House will adopt
this amendment it will preserve the existing
organization of the department. It not only
refrains from the injustice which was contem-
plated, or rather I should say the injustice that
would have been done, by the original section
of the House bill, before the proviso was offered
by tho gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck.]
and which would have turned out of the Army
forty-eight assistant quartermasters, four as-
sistant quartermasters general, and three dep-
uty assistant quartermasters general, but it pre-
serves the organization as it now is. And it
renders all this verbiage unnecessary—I trust
the gentleman will not consider me as meaning
any disrespect—which was reported by the com-
mittee, simply for the accomplishment of his
purpose of getting rid of titles which have been
in the quartermaster's department ever since
the reorganization of that department in 1838.
Now, I see no objection to those titles. They
have worked no inconveniencc, and the Quar-
termaster General himself does not pretend
that they have ever worked any inconvenience.
They have been preserved throughout the op-
erations of two wars, and in times of peace,
and no inconvenience or injury has arisen from
them.
T am opposed to the section of the House
bill even with the proviso of the gentleman
from Ohio; because I think it is entirely un-
nccessuiy, because no benefit can be gained by
it, and because it is a dangerous innovation
upon the present and established organization
of the Army. I do not know precisely what
the effect of it would be; but it would go fur-
ther, perhaps, than the gentleman from Ohio
himself intends.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I may venture to differ
with these gentlemen who are giving us this
information, I will say that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is utterly mistaken. He savs
that this amendment proposes to keep the
quartermaster's department just where it is.
This is not the case. The Quartermaster Gen-
eral wanted the number of officers increased
from sixty-five to one hundred or more. The
Senate agreed to make the number eighty.
Wo have agreed to make it seventy-six. The
gentleman says that his proposition corresponds
with the existing lav,'. I do not know where
the gentleman gets this impression. The Array
Register of this year, relating to those now in
office, tells us that while this substitute pro-
vides for four colonels, there are now but
three : that while this substitute provides for
eight lieu tenant colonels, there are now but
four ; that while this substitute provides lor
sixteen majors, there are now but eleven ; that
while this substitute provides for forty-eight
captains, there are now but forty-six ; and that
