1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
making it a Union supported by the hearts of
the people a,s well as by the force of constitu-
tional obligation. The measures calculated to
effect at the earliest moment this great and
priceless result require high intellectual and
moral qualities—qualities so elevated as to be
inaccessible to the weaknesses and prejudices
which are often, to the impairing of their use-
fulness, seen to control even cultivated minds.
It is from the general conviction that these
qualities were possessed by our deceased asso-
ciate, that the voice of regret at his decease
was so general.
' The universalsentimentseemedto bethat un-
der the guidance of wisdom such as his, all would
be well; that his exposition of the policy suited
to the vital difficulties of the hour would be so
clear and statesmanlike as materially to influ-
ence the deliberations of Congress, inform and
satisfy the public judgment, and hasten their
safe and speedy settlement. And well might
this impression prevail, for to such a work the
mind of Judge Cot,liver was admirably adapt-
ed. Nature had endowed him with excellent
mental capacity, and he had cultivated it with,
great care and diligence. His knowledge of
the institutions and history of our country was
alike exact and profound. He had studied them
not only in their details, butjji their philosophy.
He came, therefore, to the consideration of all
measures of public policy with great advan-
tages. Impressed with the conviction that our
institutions, if administered as our fathers de-
signed, contained every power necessary to se-
cure individual liberty and the public welfare,
he was, whether in war or in peace, for keep-
ing every department of the Government within
the limits pi escribed by the Constitution. To
transcend these under any exigency he everre-
pudiated as inadmissible and dangerous. With
a mind strongly conservative by nature add
training, while doing full justice to the different
opinions of others, ho at all times opposed as a
solemn duty measures or principles projected or
maintained by any department of the Govern-
ment which he. believed were unwarranted by
the Constitution. This he exhibited in strong
terms in his admirable and exhaustive speech
of the 12th of February, 1802, on the Treasury-
note bill. Referring to the doctrine of necessity
as justifying or excusing the exercise of powers
not delegated by the Constitution, he said:
" I do not" know how otlicr members of the Senate
look upon the obligation of their oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. To mo it is mi
oath registered in liea\ en as well as upon earth, and
there is no necessity that, in my estimation, will ju*-
tiiy hic in the brcaoli of it. i think tho^e men who
are now risking their lives upon the hi^h places of
the field to support the Constitution, arc not to be
treated in this Hall by us with tlic concision that wc
are ready, if the neee^ity calls for il. to break it. All
that our rebel enemies are engaged in is the over-
throw ot the Con'Stiiiuion, and all that we are con-
tending for is its maintenance and preservation."
In the debate, too, 011 tlic confiscation bill,
his view 011 an important question of public
law is also illustrative of him. The doctrine
lie announced on that occasion, though not
held by all statesmen of the present day, is
now of great practical moment as well as of
vital interest to thousands of our citizens.
Referring to the asserted obligation of the
people of the South to submit to the authority
of the de facto governments "which prevailed
there, and to the legal consequences of such
submission, he observed:
"However loyal their feelings, a government ch
fticto is over them. They cannot gel v.;;y. Tlicy
have nowhere to go. They have nothing to pro with.
"What would you liave a man there to do '1 AYhat has
this nation u right to demand ol him? '
And among other instances, relying upon
what he justly characterized as the "bright
and high'' example of Chief Justice Hale in
taking office under the usurped government of
Cromwell, he stated that in his opinion a citizen
otherwise loyal did not commit treason by sub-
mitting to or even by holding office under a
de facto government; and his concluding words
upon this subject were these:
"Such, sir, is the respect paid by tlic world, and
especially that part of the world from which we sprinfr,
to a de facto government, and the nations of the earth
deal with them as governments, no matter what the
usurpation."
I have no-purpose, and certainly the present
would be a very unfit occasion to indulge it if
I had, to examine into the correctness of this
proposition or its application to the late re-
bellion. The speech is referred to as was the
one before quoted, because it accounts in part,
1 think, for the impression so widely entertained
that a conservative and enlightened statesman
in the inscrutable providence of God had been
taken from us at an epoch in our country's his-
tory when his services could not have failed to
be of great value. But irrespective of all par-
ticular exhibitions of it, it was not surprising
to those who knew Judge Collamer in advance
that he proved so well fitted to the duties of the
important positions to which his State called
him. An habitual student, with a mind per-
fectly honest, with a long experience at the bar
and on the bench of his own State, (a bench
ever distinguished for ability and learning,) he
came to the councils of the General Govern-
ment thoroughly prepared to meet their highest
demands, and this the result proved. From the
first he ranked among the ablest of our jurists
and statesmen, and continued to maintain that
rank to the last. As long as the nine volumes
of the Vermont Reports of cases during his
judicial career remain, the exactness and depth
'of his legal knowledge will servo to guide and
inform the profession and promote everywhere
the cause of enlightened jurisprudence; and
while the debates of Congress during the period
of his service in either branch are left, we who
are yet here, and those who shall succeed us, will
find in his speeches lessons full of instruction
and replete with patriotism on almost every
question of public policy or of constitutional
law that can arise. In the purity of his life,
too, the industry with which ho discharged his
various official functions; in his freedom from
prejudice, his constant regard to the rights and
interests of all the States, and in his uniform
courtesy to his associates, we have an example
at all times to be honored and followed.
Mr. President, it was my good fortune to have
been associated with him, not only in the Ben-
ate, but for some fourteen months in the execu-
tive councils during the administration of Gen-
eral Taylor. Before that period I only knew
him as a distinguished public servant; but in
those months our relations became, to my great
benefit and gratification, intimate, leading to a
friendship which it is a great pleasure tome now
to remember was never even for a moment dis-
turbed. Those who were acquainted with his
administration of the Post Office Department
during that time know that it was in all respects
admirable. Its vast and complicated business,
throughout his administration, was never more
ably conducted. I feel that it is unnecessary,
in the presence in which I stand, t o say more of
hispublicearcvr. No praise ofit, howevergreat,
would those who have been with him in this
Chamber consider exaggerated. And for the
same reason would it be idle for me to do more
than lo allude to his social qualities, for these we
all knew and delighted in. The public business of
the day ended, its cares dismissed, and private
intercourse resumed, which of us does not recol-
lect that his conversation was always instruct-
ive, friendly, and entertaining? To allude to it
even aflbrds'but a melancholy pleasure, as it so
forcibly reminds us of the great private afflict ion
we have sustained. But in our bereavement
we are not without consolation. The sad evil
did not occur until our friend had served his
couutiv most faithfully and well, and particu-
larly during the labt four years of its severe
trial with unsurpassed ability and the purest
patriotism.
It is a further consolation that it did not oc-
cur until the crisis of our nation's peril had fa-
vorably terminated ; until the fratricidal blow
aimed'at, its life by wicked ambition, proving
for a time able to mislead the honest masses of
the South, was so utterly defeated and crushed
that its renewal is impossible, and until the
authority of the Constitution and laws was re-
stored and submitted to in every part of the
land. Our consolation, however, would have
been the greater if he had been suffered to re-
main until he could have seen established that
stronger bond of union than Constitution-' and
laws alone can give, whieh is to be found in mu-
tual sympathy and affection; until he had seen
us again, and more perfectly than ever, one
people, acknowledging the same political prin-
ciples, influenced by the same motiv®, and
impelled by the same purpose of working otft,
under and by virtue of the governments of the
anion and of the States, a prosperity and re-
nown greater than we have possessed in the
past, and abandoning forever the heresy of seces-
sion, and abolishing the special institution, (the
causes, direct or indirect, of the late convul-
sion,) resolved to make our Union, to which we
owe all of our happiness, individual and social,
that we have heretofore enjoyed or can hope
for, not only firmer than ever, but, as far as
human effort can accomplish it, make it per-
petual.
If this additional privilege had been vouch-
safed him by Providence, our departed associate
and friend would, I believe, have left the world
without other pang than that acute one which is
inseparable from the sundering of domestic ties,
(ties never stronger than in his case,) and in the
full assurance, which takes from death its sting
and from the grave its victory, of that judgment
in mercy which a firm belief in the truth of the
Christian dispensation assures him who holds it
will be awarded to a well-spent and religious
life on earth.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, among
the distinguished men who, during the past ten
years, have occupied these seats, I regarded
Senator Collavier as having no superior. He
was not amongthose, if any such may bo found,
selected through his own skill in political com-
binations, in reward for party services, to ad-
vance the interests of personal_ followers, or on
account of individual popularity. With great
directness, not to say abruptness, of speech,
extreme tenacity of opinion and purpose, and
apparently a somewhat proportionate disregard
of the opinions of others when differing from
his own, he was not likely to gather around
him, and retain the attachment of, a party de-
voted to himself; or to interest large numbers
of men in his individual success. Notwith-
standing these obstacles in his political path,
few among our eminent public men have been
more successful in attracting and retaining the
confidence and regard of the people among
whom he lived, and inspiring with profound
respect those with whom it was his fortune to
bo associated in the conduct of public affairs.
That this was so may be accounted for in
some measure by the character of the people
whom he so long and so ably represented, and
in a still greater degree by the possession of
intellectual and moral qualities which over-
shadowed all such trifling defects, if so they
may be considered. The small but noble State
of which ho was a most distinguished citizen has
long been accustomed to look for its official
representatives among those most eminent for
virtue in private, and for capacity for useful-
ness in public life. It has ever seemed to act
upon the idea that public trust should be con-
fided to the most faithful, and public honors
conferred upon the most capable and deserving
of its sons. Thence it has followed not only
that its domestic affairs have been well and ably
conducted, but, that its weight in the councils
of the nation has been largely disproportioned
to the extent of its territory and the number
of its people.
Mr. Coi,lamer was the possessor of qualities
which could not fail to attract the attention and
to secure the confidence of a people able and
disposed to estimate men at their true value.
Though his love of approbation was largely de-
veloped, he was more anxious to deserve than
to receive it. Ambitious to secure the respect
of others, he never forgot that without his own
it would be worthless. Gifted by nature with
great quickness of apprehension, discrum'na-
ing powers of a high order, a just thinker,
an admirable logician, and withal a student
both from taste and habit,, ho could not but
