1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
does not amount to anything. The only spe-
cific statement is theone in regard to the adop-
tion of the constitutional amendment. if_we
adhere to that preamble and pass a resolution
declaring the existing government in Tennes-
see to be the legitimate government of the State,
and entitled to all the rights belonging to a State
in the Union, as a matter of course we commit
ourselves to admit South Carolina to-morrow
if she does the same thing—what? If she rat-
ifies the constitutional amendment. I am not
prepared to do that. I think if we have a pre-
amble at all, we should have one showing the
distinction between Tennessee and the other
States. As the Senator from Maine has stated,
the committee on reconstruction reported a
preamble stating that difference, and when this
subject was before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary this morning, we had that preamble be-
fore us. The condition of things lias changed
somewhat since that report was made, and we
altered it, preserving all that is in it, I think,
and adding something that has since transpired.
The Senator from Maine thinks we have not im-
proved the language at all. I doubt if we have.
Very probably his was better. In draughting
a thing of this kind where you have to change
it, different persons will adopt different lan-
guage ; but it is substantially what the commit-
tee of fifteen reported, with the addition that
Tennessee has ratified the constitutional amend-
ment, which is contained in the House prop-
osition.
Now, if we are to have a preamble at all, it
seems to me it had best be full; and the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary which has now been substituted for the
House resolution, makes it necessary to adopt
a preamble in order to express the views enter-
tained by Congress. I was not particular about
any preamble, as I say, but I really think we
had best not adopt the House preamble. I
shall not object to striking out those words
which the Senator from Missouri thought very
objectionable. They are in both preambles,
and I would be quite willing that they should
go out, although I have no authority to modify
the amendment which I have submitted, the
preamble coming from a committee. I am
willing to strike oat those words which state
what the body of the people of Tennessee have
done. I do not think them essential. 1 think
they wore not in the report of the reconstruc-
tion committee, but they were in the House
preamble, and as there was no disposition to
depart from the phraseology of the House pre-
amble unless something was to be gained by
it, I saw no special objection to them, and they
were adopted. However, I do not wish, cer-
tainly, to retain them if a single Senatoi objects
to their being there, and no one thinks it im-
portant to have them there. So much upon
that point.
The difference between the preambles is this:
the one reported by the Judiciary Committee
is fuller than the other. It not only recites the
fact that the constitutional amendment has been
adopted, but it also recites the fact that the
State of Tennessee adopted a constitution which
was submitted to the people and received a
large popular vote. It recites the fact that the
constitution of Tennessee abolished slavery,
repudiated the rebel debt, repudiated the rebel
laws and the rebel ordinance of secession and
whatever was done under it, which, I think, are
important recitals; and the condition of Ten-
nessee is different from most of the other States
in the fact that her constitution was submitted
to a vote of the people. If we are to have a
preamble at all, I really think that the pre-
amble reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary is fuller and had better be adopted;
and now, it seems to me, there is a necessity
for a preamble if we take the Senate resolu-
tion as it has been adopted by the committee.
1 wish to say further to the Senator from
Oregon that the House resolution goes entirely
on the question of representation. For one,
I wish to repudiate that. That is the very point
that has been insisted upon in this Chamber by
those who advocate what is known as the Pres-
ident's policy. It is insisted that Congress has
nothing in the world to do with these rebel
States except to pass, in each House, upon the
qualifications and elections of members. The
House resolution goes upon that idea. Its title
is, "A joint resolution declaring Tennessee
again entitled to Senators and Representatives
in Congress." I do not want to make any such
declaration as that. I want to declare that
there is a constituency entitled to all the rights
of a State. Of course, that embraces repre-
sentation in Congress, but I deny that the Ex<-
ecutive has anymore power to determine what
is the government of a State in reference to
other matters than lvj has in reference to the
right to seats in this body. I do not wish to
limit it; I would not say anything about rep-
resentation in this resolution that we are about
to pass; but after this resolution passes, and
it is declared that there is a government en-
titled to all the rights of a State government,
then, of course, whenever any person comes
here claiming to be a Senator, or to the other
House claiming to be a Representative from
that government, the only question is, has he
been elected, is he qualified, and is he qualified
to take his seat? And that each House passes
upon. I would leave that to each House. I do
not think that the Congress of the United States,
as a Congress, that the law-making power, ought
to be saying anything about representation. I
do not think that as a Congress we have any
right to determine who is entitled to sit in one
House or the other; and it is in reference to
that, in reference to representation, that this
joint resolution is framed.
What we want to determine is, whether there
is any government there entitled to exercise
the rights of a government, and embraced among
them would be the right of representation, and
that is decided upon ; that is, the admission of
members by each House. It is for that reason
that I like the form of the Senate resolution
best; and if we are to have a preamble at all
we had better have a full one; and if we are
to adopt the Senate resolution, a preamble is
absolutely necessary to go along with it, and to
show the precise position of Congress. I think
the declaration with which this preamble sets
out is very important:
Whereas in the year 1861 the government of the
State of Tennessee was seized upon and taken posses-
sion of by persons in hostility to tlie United States,
and the inhabitants of said State, in pursuance of an
aet ot Congress, were declared to be in a state of in-
surrection against the United States; and whereas
s.iid State government can only be restored to its
former political relations in thetTnion by theeonsent
of the law-making power of the United States.
I think that is a very important recital. It
is a point which was always insisted upon most
strenuously by the Senator from Vermont, whose
loss we have all so much deplored this session,
the late Mr. Collamer. He always insisted that
the inhabitants of these States having been de-
clared to be in a state of insurrection by virtue
of an act of Congress, they could only be re-
stored to their practical relations to the Gov-
ernment by virtue of an act of Congress; that
as they had gone out iu that way, they must
come back into their political relations by the
permission of the law-making power. As they
had chosen by violence to dissolve their rela-
tions and set up a hostile government, and Con-
gress had passed a law under which they were
declared in rebellion, therefore, whenever the
time had come that they could resume their
rights, it must be by the permission of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I would agree with him, and
I would agree with the late Senator from Ver-
mont, that the facts recited there were very good
reasons why we should not have passed such
a lesolution as this in 1861,1862. or 18'>3 ; but
I do not see how they constitute a good reason
why we should pass the resolution now. There
are entirely different facts which induce me to
vote for it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I think if the
position is a good one, that they can only be
restored to their practical relations by the
law-making power, if that was a tenable posi-
tion assumed by the Senator from Vermont, it
is just as good to-day as it was in 1801. I can-
not see why a principle which in 1861 forbade
any representation from any State except by
virtue of an aet of Congress is not a good
principle in 1866. That is the principle laid
down by the Senator from Vermont. I trust,
therefore, that this preamble will be 'substi-
tuted for the House preamble for the reasons
which I have stated.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the ques-
tion, as I understand it, is between two pream-
bles, which of the two to elioose. I agree with
my friend from Illinois that the preamble re-
ported by him in many respects has the advan-
tage of the preamble which is sent to us from
the House. It is fuller, and in its structure it
is better. I am glad that it has undertaken to
set forth how Tennessee lost her representa-
tion here, and also to set forth how she may
again, or has been again if so it may be, re-
habilitated. I am glad to see all that in the
preamble. But while I accord merit to the Sen-
ator's preamble in that respect, there are other
particulars in which I think it fails. He hint-
self has already recognized that in one particu-
lar bis preamble is no better than that of the
House. It is in this particular: that it sets
forth that the State of Tennessee—
Has also shown to the satisfaction of Congress, by a
proper spirit of obedience in the body of her people,
her return to her due allegiance to the Government,
laws, and authority of the United States.
In those words the two preambles are alike;
there is no advantage in one over the other;
bui I understand the Senator from Illinois is
willing to alter those words in his preamble.
If he does consent to that alteration, and the
alteration is made, then, in that respect I shall
recognize his preamble as superior to that of
the House. Clearly, sir, that assumption is
false; Tennessee has not " shown to the satis-
faction of Congress, by a proper spirit of obe-
dience in the body of her people, her return to
her due allegiance to the Government, laws,
and authority of the United States." Perhaps
I go too far when I say that it is false, that she
has not shown it to the satisfaction of Congress,
because if Congress votes that, it will not be
for me or for any one else to say that Congress
has voted a falsehood; but I do say that Ten-
nessee has not shown '' a proper spirit of obedi-
ence iu the body of her people." I say all the
evidence that thickens iu the air from that State,
and has been daikening our sky during all this
wiutei, shows that Tennessee has not that
spirit of obedience in the body of her people.
Why, sir, only this winter the other House has
been constrained to send a commission to Ten-
nessee in order to investigate an outrage of
unparalleled atrocity growing out of this very
rebel spirit. How can the Senate of the United
States undertake to aver that the body of that
people, thus saturated with the spirit of dis-
loyalty, thus set on fire and inflamed by this
sort of hatred to the Union, have shown to the
satisfaction of Congress a proper spirit of obe-
dience? Sir, you make a mistake if you put
in your statute-book any such assertiou which
is historically untrue. You cannot make it
true by your averment. History hereafter,
when it takes up its avenging pen, will record
the falsehood to your shame.
Sir, I have here on my table, sent to my desk
since this discussion came on, some of the evi-
dence laid before the reconstruction commit-
tee. In this evidence there is a good deal
relating to Tennessee. Among the papers is
a statement or memorial from German citizens
there. I think, from reading this memorial, it
is entitled to peculiar credit. I shall not read
it, but I shall call your attention to a few sen-
tences. I read as follows:
"In short your memorialists anticipate that: at the
first general election the entire civil and judicial
power of the State must pass into the hanus ot those
who have so long oppressed them and made actual
war upon them. The judicial election, whu-.il is the
most important of all. must soon occur.'
