1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8087
the session, and from the fact that my heart
has not been entirely in favor of the measures
which have been proposed, and still not op-
posed to them, I may say, it became me to
explain my views. It seems to be fashionable
in this day for gentlemen who presume to
think their views should be known to avail
themselves of the opportunity to explain their
position. I propose to do so now; and that
I may speak more directly to the purpose, that
I may present the views which I wish to pre-
sent, and which I promise to detain the Senate
but a very few minutes in stating, I will send
to the desk of the Clerk an amendment which
I propose to be added as a last section to the
sections already under consideration, not so
much that I care whether a vote is taken on it
or not, but simply as the basis of the very few
remarks which I shall submit on the present
occasion.
The Secretary read as follows:
Nothing in the fore<roinp: sections shall abridge or
ill anywise affect the rights, franchises, or privileges
of any inhabitant of the United States, or of any
State or Territory of the United Sta'es, guarantied
bv the constitutional amendment abo.is-hins slavery
within the United States, in force on tho 18th day of
December, 1865.
Mr. YATES. At the beginning of the ses-
sion I took the ground that already by the
Constitution of the United States, as amended,
every man in the United States, without re-
gard to color or caste of any kind, was a cit-
izen, and 1 offered a resolution to that effect,
based upon the l'act that by the constitutional
amendment we had abolished slavery within
the United States and in all the Territories
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States,
and required Congress, by appropriate legisla-
tion, to enforce llial provision of the amend-
ment. 1 offered my resolution declaiing what
seemed to be an admitted fact by Senators
of distinguished ability, that all constitutions,
laws, and regulations of any State or Territory
of tho United States which conflicted with this
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States were null and void. 1 took the ground
that this being the fact, Congress should resort
to the mode prescribed and required by tho
amendment, to "appropriate legislation," to
enforce that provision of the Constitution.' I
assumed the position that that amendment did
not confer freedom upon tho slave, or upon
anybody, without conferring upon him the mu-
niments of .freedom, the rights, franchises,
privileges that appertain to an American cit-
izen or to freedom, in the proper acceptation
of that term. I took the ground laid down in
the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the Dred Scott case, (which cer-
tainly was a hard rule by which I should be
governed,) that when this amendment passed
the freednian was no longer a member of a sub-
ject race. He became by virtue of the amend-
ment one of the people, one of the body-poli-
tic, and entitled to be protected in all his rights
and privileges as one of the citizens of the
United States. The deductions drawn from
the decision in the Dred Scott case were irre
sistible. The great Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sl'jimrJ said—the highest compliment
ever paid to me in my life—that in view of tho
principles laid down in that decision I had
assumed an unanswerable position.
I took the ground that the former slaves in
every State of the United States, being made
free by this amendment, occupied precisely the
same position with any other part of the body-
politic, that a son of a colored man born in the
State of Wisconsin under the broad regis of
this amendment to the Constitution, had the
same rights that my .son had. I maintained
that by this amendment to the Constitution,
iind by the promises of Abraham Lincoln made
In his proclamation of emancipation, the for-
mer slave should be maintained in liis freedom ;
that being like any other man, and not unlike
him in any respect, under this amendment to
the Constitution, he had the same right, the
■same inherent, if you choose, God-given right;
and further, if he had not that right naturally
or civilly or politically, he, by his heroic valor,
his prowess upon many a glorious battle-field,
where he had fought side by side with our own
brave sons and brothers, had become entitled
to it.
I took the ground which I maintain to-day
that suffrage is the only remedy for the evils
by which we are surrounded. It is the only
thing that can kill secession, the only thing that
can divide the South or introduce a loyal ele-
ment there which will be a counterbalancing
force, the only thing which will secure us a
loyal representation from the South and a loyal
people in the South.
I further held that if we went before the Amer-
ican people without indirection or disguise upon
this broad proposition, we should sweep a large
majority of the northern States, we should carry
some of the southern States, and we should
establish this country upon the solid founda-
tions of permanent peace and happiness.
Mr. President, 1 have therefore sent to the
Chair the amendment which, with the consent
of the honorable chairman of tho committee, 1
am allowed to propose; an amendment which
says that nothing in the sections which wo are
about to adopt shall be construed to mean that
the rights, franchises, and privileges already
secured by the Constitution of the United States
to any American citizen shall be impaired or
in anywise affected. Such an amendment can
do no harm. If the power for which I contend
does not exist in the Constitution now, these
words can at tho worst be regarded but as sur-
plusage; while the thousands and tho hundreds
of thousands of tho American people who this
day believe that the power does exist there,
the hundreds of thousands who believed it to
exist there even before this amendment, like my
friend from Massachusetts, will the more readily
suppoil the suuendments which the committee
have reported when they see and when they feel
assured that there is nothing in the ainenduienls
which will deprive the citizen of rights already
guarantied by the Constitution of the United
States. Believingas Idoasalawycr. believingin
my heart that under the constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery within the United States
every inhabitant of tho United States (except-
ing unnaturalized foreigners whose case is reg-
ulated by the Constitution) is as free a« I am,
and entitled to the same rights and privileges
that [ am, I have sent to the Chair this amend-
ment which 1 desire to propose, so that there
shall not be even a color for any judicial decis-
ion proposing to deprive men of rights which
are already guarantied by the recognized law.
Mr. President, if the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania who sits by my side [Mr. Cowan*] were
here, I would say to him that it is not radical-
ism that I fear. My fear is not that this Con-
gress will be too radical; I am not afraid of
this Congress being shipwrecked upon any
proposition ofradiealism ; but 1 fear from timid
and cowardly conservatism which will not risk
a great people to take their destiny in their
own hands and to settle this great question
upon the principles of equality, justice, and
liberality. That is my fear.
So far as my position is concerned, it is
unchanged; my convictions are the rather
strengthened, and if I had it in my power to-
day, I would write it in plain words upon tho
face of the Constitution, plain as the stars upon
the sky, not in tortuous and hard-to-bo-under-
stood propositions, but I would write in the
fundamental and unchangeable law of the land,
that the Declaration of American Independence
was a verity, that all men were created equal;
and having the powers which this Congress
now has, I would prove my belief by making
that Declaration a reality. If this Congress of
tho United States could adjourn on the 4th day
of July, I860, having accomplished this great
result it would be the greatest epoch in the
annals of time. At the termination of such a
war as this, with its mighty events, signalized
by its grand armies and its greater issues, and
by the blazonry of the great achievements of
our sons upon so many glorious battle-fields,
after so much blood and so much treasure had
been spent, I could hope that the Congress of
the United States would come up to the grand
results that are taught by the events of this
war, and by the emergencies by which we are
surrounded, and proclaim the true principle
and the only principle upon which this Gov-
ernment can live.
I am true to the theory of my Government.
J believe, I religiously believe, that the strong
common sense of all the people, of the pop-
ulace, of America is the salvation of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. My distin-
guished friend from Wisconsin, [Mr Boolit-
tle,] and he is really my friend, claimed that
he was tho saviour of our paity because he
had prevented the issue of negro suffrage from
being made in the State of Wisconsin last fall.
Sir, a man who could claim to be the instru-
ment of conferring these great and inalienable
rights upon his fellow-men might with some
propriety claim to be the saviour of his party
and of his country. Does the Senator remem-
ber the gallant regiment from the State of
Wisconsin, one thousand strong, who went out
and bore up our flag amid the storm and thun-
der of battle? And he call himself a saviour
of the country because he has been the instru-
ment in the hands of Providence of preventing
I hem from exercising the right of suffrage!
Sir, his comparison of himself with our
blessed Saviour was true in only one respect
that I know of, and that is that he will most
certainly be crucified. If, on the other hand,
lie could have come forward and said, " I stood
by you ; you were true to your country in the
hour of its calamity and its affliction ; we
called you to the help of the Government;
you came and stood by us in the hour of our
calamity;" if he had made a sacrifice of him- •
self in such a glorious act of humanity and
human liberty, (if sacrifice it could be called,)
it might not be considered blasphemy to com-
pare himself to Him whose mission upon earth
it was to proclaim liberty to the captive, to
break every yoke, and let the oppressed go free.
Not so much of a victory was that in Wis-
consin. The honorable Senator said with an
air of triumph that negro suffrage had been
beaten by nine thousand votes. Look at it.
Afti'i- two hundred years of foul oppression,
of accumulated prejudice against a race, when
politicians dare not, assert their opinions, at
the very first election in the State of Wiscon-
sin negro suffrage lacked only nine thousand
votes, according to his statement, of being
carried: and I am prepared to believe that
with his powerful influence it would have been
carried triumphantly.
Mr. President, we may legislate on this ques-
tion of suffrage. We may attempt by indirec-
tion to find direction. We know what we want
and what we have got. Suffrage is upon us.
Colored men vote in Wisconsin to-day under
the authority of legal decisions. Iowa has
boldly proclaimed by a majority of her citi-
zens that she is for suffrage. Connecticut
gained upon her last vote. Even in the slave
States. Tennessee and Texas are on ihe verge
of suffrage ; and before these resolutions shall
have passed the Congress of the United States
suffrage, in spite of all of our legislation, will
be an accomplished fact. Four million people
set free in this country will override all polit-
ical platforms and opposing forces. Seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand voters loyal and true
to the Union must and shall be had in favor
of the preservation of this Government and the
principles of human liberty.
It is to me the strangest tiling in tho world
that while we deny to four million loyal men—
men who have been loyal under all circum-
stances, who have been true to the country
everywhere, in war and in peace—while we
deny to them the rights of American citizens,
we are prepared to extend all privileges to the
men who have tried to destroy and to over-
throw the Government. There is no propri-
ety, there is no good taste in such yearnings
over rebels and traitors, while we deny right
and justice to our friends.
We listened to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cowan] a day or two ago. and he
