8038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
seemed, to think that to deprive a man of the
right to hold an office was the highest punish-
ment that could possibly be inflicted upon him;
and he supposed a most affecting case, but a
case which is utterly impossible, that my friend
from Michigan had been a traitor, and that he
wanted to be a candidate tor the United States
Senate, and his wile and children would gather
around liim and say, ''Why cannot my hus-
band or my father be a Senator? He is ns great
as any of those men there; why cannot he bo
a Senator? Simply because lie has not the
right to hold an office. It is a punishment; it
is the mark of Cain upon his brow ; it is the
wolf-head upon his brow. He has no right to
be a Senator; otherwise my husband or my
father would be in the Senate as well as other
people."
Sir, let us suppose another ease. Here is a
man, Winder, or Dick Turner, or some other
notorious character. He has been the cause
of the death of that boy of yours. Ho lias
shot at him from behind an ambuscade, or he
has starved him to death in the Andersonvillc
prison, or he has made him lie at Belle Isle
subject to disease and death from the miasma
by which he was surrounded. When he is upon
trial and the question is, "Sir, are yon guilty,
orare you not guilty'!" and lie raises his blood-
stained hands, deep dyed in innocent and pa-
triotic blood, the Senator from Pennsylvania
. rises and savs, "Kor God's sake do not deprive
him of the right to go to the Legislature." The
idea is that if a man has forfeited his life, it is
too great a punishment to deprive him of the
privilege of holding ollice.
But I slated that. I should make but a very
■few remarks, and 1 now come to the point
which is moie interesting to all of us, and that
is. strange as it may seem, with these views in
my mind, and while I subject, myself to the
criticism of my dislinguishod friend from In-
diana. | Mr. Hkn'drh'Ks, J I shall support.these
propositions. They are not such as I approve.
They do nnt come up to the stand-point which
1 have set for myself. I think that Congress
has failed to come up to the stand-point of the
people in this regard; but, at. the same time,
as 1 ciiimot get the position for which 1 have
no earnestly contended, I will sit quietly bv, as
I have sat quietly by, and take the next best
proposition that t can get. 1 believe in the
good common sense of my friend from Maine
[Mr. 1''kssknhi:n] who says flint if he cannot
get. the best dinner ho will take the next best:
if he cannot get the best proposition lie will
take the next best, proposition, f have a good
deal of faith like that of my friend from Ohio ;
and while 1 would not state the proposition
quite so broadly as he does, _>ot I always feel
perfectly safe when 1 am in the hands of a good
Republican Union party; audi would rather
trust to the wisdom of the Senator from Maine
and the collective wisdom of the Senators by
whom I am surrounded than to stand foolishly
by myself and assert that I was the only man
in the world who understood this question. 1
only act upon a principle that, the Senator from
Indiana and myself and all of us act, upon here
every day. Wo propose to amend propositions,
and if those amendments fail wo go for the
proposition itself, notwithstanding our amend-
ments are not adopted, notwithstanding the
best thing is not in it; and that is my position
to-day.
There are other points in these constitutional
amendments to which 1 will not refer, except
to say that my judgment approves of them. I
am for the exclusion of traitors and reb'els from
exercising control and power and authority in
this Government until they have shown fruits
meet for repentance. I am for the repudiation
of the rebel debt. T am against compensation
for slaves, as I am against compensation for
any other rebel property. But above all there
is in the first section a clause that I particu-
larly favor. It is this:
All poison;! bom in iLc United Status, and subject
to the jurisdiction Ihereof, are oitiKon-s of the United
States aud of tho States wherein they Reside.
And then it goes on to provide that their
rights shall not be abridged by any State. We
have here, in the Constitution of tho United
States of America, a guarantee which protects
us from future judicial tyranny such as we have
experienced under the decisions of the Supreme
Court. We have a declaration as to who are
citizens of the United States. If this amend-
ment of mijie could be adopted, that in the
constitutional amendments which wo submit
we do not propose to conflict with any rights
which have been heretofore guarantied by the
fundamental law, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, I should be still more satislied.
But, sir, there is another feature in this prop-
osition, and that is that although we do not
obtain suffrage now, it is not far off, because
the grasping desire of the South for office, that
old desire to rule and reign over this Govern-
ment and control its destinies, will at a very
early day hasten the enfranchisement of the
loyal blacks.
While gentlemen upon the other side of the
Chamber are opposed to these measures as too
radical, I am opposed to them, so far as I might
present points of opposition, because they are.
not radical enough. At all events, therefore,
we have the medium between extremes; we
have moderation. If we do not meet the views
of the Radicals on I he one hand, nor the views
of the pro-slavery Democracy upon the other,
we at all cvems ba\e the medium, the modera-
tion which hasbuen agreed upon by (lie collect-
ive wisdom of the American Senate. I am
glad that I can go before my constituents and
say that, in the whole history of tho world there
never were such terms of moderation aud of
magnanimity proposed to a vindictive foe as
by these resolutions which have been reported
by the committee of fifteen.
Mr. VKSShlN V)KN. I ask leave to make a
report. 1 have here an extended report IVom
the. committee of fifteen", so called, the com-
mittee on reconstruction, giving their views
and reasons with reference to tho joint resolu-
tion which they submitted to tho Senate and
the conclusions to which they arrived. It was
my hope that some time in tho course of this
debate, before the vote was taken, I might have
the opportunity to lay the whole report before
the Senate and have it, read, but it is now so lale
an hour, and as gentlemen are desirous of tak-
ing tho vote, and it has been agreed to take it
to-day, that J do not feel that it would be right,
to attempt to have it read in detail. I there-
fore move that it be laid upon (lie table aud
printed.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. .JOHNSON. It was understood in com-
mittee that if there should be an}' member who
did not agree with the majority of the commit-
tee he would ho at liberty to make a counter
or minority report, and I merely vise for the
purpose of saying that as such is tho condition
in which I stand, and in which two or three
other members of the committee stand, I shall
avail myself of that privilege at as early a day
as possible.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there
is no one who more admires the rhetoric or
the elocution of the Senator from Illinois than
1, for 1 have known him from ancient days ;
but the people of Illinois a long time ago said
by a formal act of legislative power that no
person of African blood should go into the
State of Illinois; and that is now, I believe,
still on your statute-book.
Mr. YATES. It is in the constitution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I remember very well,
for 1 inhabited in aud about that part of the
woild a long time ago, then it was thought
improvident in the State of Illinois to allow
colored people to come within their lines, and
| it was incorporated into their fundamental law;
i and that has not heeu, if I am correct, changed
; up to this time. I ask the Senator from Illi-
: nois if it has been.
. Mr. THUMB ULL. The constitution has not
been altered ; the law has been.
' Mr. McDOUGALL. I only mention this as
I (he text for my own opinion, for 1 was conver-
I sant with that State at that time, and the people
then held that a negro or a man of African
descent was not. a valuable property in the State
of Illinois. That is tho opinion there now, and
when it comes to be questioned by my friends
from Illinois, they will find that there is the
same opinion in Illinois yet. They think yet
that Government belongs to the white race.
That is the simple, clear proposition. It is
refuted. The converse is affirmed in Massa-
chusetts and some other places, and I saw there
was a meeting in Boston a short time since
where they said that if the right of suffrage was
not granted t,o the African there would be a
bloodier war than the last war through which
we have gone. I will give you a response to
that, coming from a different part of the coun-
try. It is from a secessionist. I will state it
exactly. He came back home, and had rein-
tegrated himself. A friend of mine met him at
Louisville, Kentucky, and said to hinl, How
are you, Benham? llow about this being down
on Beauregard's staff?" lie replied, l-I was
there." " How about it now?" He answered,
" I tell you that I am the best Union man in
the United States, and if you will give me a
chance I will prove it, ami I will prove it in
this wise: let Massachusetts and company un-
dertake to secede, and then I will piove my
Unionism."
Mr. HOWAUD. I do not wish to call the
Senator from California to order ; but he must
be aware that, his observations are not very
pertinent to the question now before the Sen-
ate, and I am very anxious to bring this meas-
ure to a final vote before we adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will not occupy thp
floor longer. I mean to say this by way of
affirmation of my opinions upon one of the
gravest questions that has arisen in these times,
f believe firmly, and I believe sternly, that this
is a Government where there should be no
mongrel races. I would not permit it if 1 had
the power to resist it, and I will give my voice
against it, and 1 give it now.
ThePRES 11)ING0PK1CE R. (Mr. Pojiegoy
ill the chair.) The question before the Sen-
ate is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. \Yii.j,iamk] as a substitute for
the second section of the resolution. the
amendment has been modified by the mover,
and it will bo read as modified.
The Secretary lead the amendment as mod-
ified, which was to strike out the second sec-
tion of the resolution and to insert the follow-
ing in lieu thereof:
Representatives shall be apportioned amoup; the
povei.i] Slates according to their resp-eeiive num-
beis, eniintiu? tiie whole number of persons in cach
■State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when tho
right to vote at any election for the choice of elect-
ors for President and Vieo President of the United
States, Representatives in Congress, the executive,
and judicial officers ot'a State, or the members of
the Lctdi-lutuie thereof, is denied to any ot the male
inhabitants of sueh State, boms twenty-one years of
age and citizens of tho United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion, or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be rcduced in the proportion which the number of
sueh male eitizensshail bcarto the whole number of
male citizens twenty-one years of age in sueh State.
Mr. HOWARD. I have one word to say
upon that amendment. I desire to state, as
briefly and clearly as I am able, some of the
consequences to which it will lead if adopted.
It declares that when the right to vote at any
election for those five several classes of public
officers shall be denied to any person of twenty-
one years of age and a citizen of the United
States, that peison .shall not be included in the
count in forming the basis of representation.
How is this to be carried out, supposing it to
be adopted? AVhatwill be its practical work-
ings when made a part of the Constitution by
a formal ratification? The census-taker will
find it necessary, whenever he makes the count
of the inhabitants of the particular State or
district where he is acting, to ascertain, as
precisely as he is able, and to note down in
his tallies tho various persons within the State
who are capacitated to vote for any one or all
of these five classes of public officers. For
instance, he will be required to note down in
his returns what classes of voters are allowed
