3998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Then it goes on in another-place: '
"The predominant feeling of those lately in rebel-
lion is thatnf deep-seated hatred, amounting in many
eases to a spirit of revenge toward the white Union-
ists of the State, and a haughty contempt for the
negro whom they cannot treat as a freeman. The
hatred for the white loyalist is intensified by the ac-
cusation that he deserted the South in her extremity,
and is, therefore, a traitor, and by the setting up a
government of the minority."
Then, in another place, these petitioners say
as follows:
"A party exists in the State, which is every day
becoming more and more compact and powerful,
which sympathizes with the men and principles of
the rebellion. It commands every agency to operate
upon public opinion. It has five weil-snstained and
ably-edifced daily papers in Memphis, four in Nash-
ville, one in Knoxviile, and a weekly in each of the
important villages. Their pardoned but talented
and still popular leaders are with them. Hundreds
of rebel ministers who glory in having led off in the
rebellion, and who have been, throughout the war,
the bloodiest-minded men in the South, are still in
the confidence of their people. All these appliances
acting in harmony mold public sentiment as they
please, and command a party of over two thirds of
the white men of tin; State, free from restrictions
upon suffrage, they wil! probably cast ninety thou-
sand votes in the State."
Sir, there is testimonj' that has been pre-
sented to your committee, and published by
the order of the Senate as a part of their
report.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit me
to say a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I happened to be chairman
of the sub-committee that took the testimony
in the ease of Tennessee; and it is due to that
committee and due to the people of Tennessee
to say that while that memorial from which the
Senator has read was sent to the committee
without the sanction of an oath, and at my
instance was caused to be published in that
report, yet the current of the whole testimony
which is in the book before the Senator goes
to show that there was a growing spirit of loy-
alty: that there was a large proportion, some
sixty thousand voters ot' the State of Tennes-
see. who were loyal; and that the military ami
civil officers with one accord expressed the
opinion that it would advance the interest of
the loyal men of Tennessee to allow that State
to be represented. The statement which the
Senator reads comes from gentlemen who were
unknown to the committee—a mere memorial
without the sanction of an oath.
Mr. SUMNER. Let rae show to the Senator
that he entirely misapprehends what I was about
to say. i adduce this memorial in order to show
that there is not a proper spirit of obedience
in the body of her people. I do not now enter
into the argument whether that spirit would be
increased by the admission of her members on
this floor or not. I know very well the testi-
mony of the generals on that subject. While
they recognize the bad condition of things in
Tennessee to such an extent that they all testify
that it was unsafe to release it from military
power, they did undertake to say '.,at by the
admission of her representative? on this floor
a spirit of order and peace would be promoted
there. I make no question a'< to their testi-
mony.^ I am simply speaking of the actual
condition of things in Tennessee as appears by
the testimony offered to this committee.
Mr. GRIMES. That was the testimony not
only of the generals, but it was the testimony
of every civilian, I believe, who was examined
before the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; admit that it
was the testimony of generals and civilians.
That does not go to the question whether we in
the preamble to our resolution should aver
that there is proper spirit of obedience in the
body of her people. There is no general that
jays there is a proper spirit of obedience in
the body of her people. I challenge the Sen-
ator from Iowa to point to the testimony here
that shows there is a proper spirit of obedience
in the body of her people. Generals testify
that in their opinion it would be better to ad-
mit representatives from Tennessee on this
floor and the floor of the other House. That
is another question, f have not come to that
question yet. The Senator springs from his
seat and interposes that question. Logically,
it is not before me at this moment. I am
merely speaking of the erroneous character
of this preamble which avers a proper spirit
of obedience in the body of the people of
Tennessee; and I was going to say in support
of that I adduce this testimony. Now, I un-
derstand that the Senator from Illinois is will-
ing to alter his preamble in that particular.
I believe I am right, am I not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I am willing
those words should go out.
Mr. SUMNER. I think, sir, they ought to
go out, and if they do go out, it will make his
preamble in that respect superior to the pre-
amble of the House.
That carries me now to another part of the
preamble of the Senator. He has another
allegation there which I must say is as errone-
ous as the one on which I have now remarked.
He there declares, and calls upon us to declare,
that the constitution adopted by Tennessee is
republican inform. A constitution which dis-
franchises more than one quarter of its popu-
lation, republican in form! What, sir, is a
republican form of government? It is a gov-
ernment, founded on the people and the con-
sent of the governed. Sir, that constitution
of Tennessee is not founded on the consent of
the governed. Itcannotinvokeforitthatprin-
ciple of the Declaration of Independence; it is
not a government republican in form; and when
you undertake to allege that it is republican in
form, permit me to say you make an allegation
which is false in fact. 1 do not intend to raise
any question of theory, but I submit to the Sen-
ate that a constitution which on its face disfran-
chises more than one fourth of the citizens
cannot be republican in form. You, sir, will
make a great mistake if at this moment of
your history you undertake to recognize it as
such. You will inflict a blow upon republi-
can institulions. I hope that, the Senator from
Illinois as he lias consented to one amendment
of the preamble will now consent to another,
that he will strike out those words declaring
that this constitution is republican in form
and in harmony with the Constitution of the
United States. Do not compel us to aver
what hereafter history will look at with scorn.
Who can doubtwhen the history of all this war
comes to he written gravely and calmly in the
tranquillity of the future that the historian
must bring all these events to the rigid test of
principle? Bringing them to this test, it will
be impossible to recognize any government,
like that of Tennessee now, either as repub-
lican in form or in harmony with the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I indicated, I will
move to strike out of the preamble the words
"and whereas the body of the people of Ten-
nessee have by a proper spirit of obedience
shown to the satisfaction of Congress the re-
turn of said State to due allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, laws, and authority of the United
States," and in lieu thereof to insert "and
has done other acts proclaiming and denoting
loyalty." This will make it more satisfactory
to some Senators.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the words
to which I referred a moment ago, coming
after the word "constitution,'' namely, "re-
publican in form and not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws of the United States,"
be struck out. I want to vote for the propo-
sition of the Senator from Illinois if I can.
Sir. WILSON. I hope those words will be
stricken out.
Mr. WADE. I want to hear how it will
read with those words stricken out.
The Secretaky. That clause of the pre-
amble if amended will read :
And whereas the people of said State on the22dday
of February, 1865, by a large popular vote adopted
and ratified a constitution of government whereby
slavery was abolished and all ordinances of seces-
sion and debts contracted under the same were de-
clared void.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr, COWAN. I have a single remark to
make. I am opposed to preambles, particu-
larly those which cannot be agreed upon by all
parties who are in favor of the substance of the
bill. I think the purpose of a preamble is en-
tirely mistaken. The function of a preamble
is not to state the reasons which influence men
to vote, but it was anciently used in statutes
(very much disused now) to describe the mis-
chief which was intended to be remedied by the
statute, and therefore usually could be agreed
upon if the statute could be agreed upon. But
I do not think that any legislative body ever
split upon the preamble after they had passed
the resolution or the enactment which followed
it, because to suppose that they could wa,s to sup-
pose that there was an irreconcilable difference
between the two; and that is why the rule in
legislative bodies has been to pass the enact-
ment first and *hen to adopt the preamble after-
ward, merely for the purpose of helping the
judiciary afterward in their construction of the
law. It sometimes happened that a law, from
the general nature of its terms, would have
been very much enlarged if it had not been for
the preamble which described the exact mis-
chief intended to be corrected by it.
I have another objection to preambles, pre-
ambles particularly which cite dubious facts
and which attempt to compel people to vote
for that which is asserted as a fact when they
do not believe it.. It is a very stale trick of
the politician, and I think ought to be discour-
aged. I remember very well in old times, when
1 had the honor, and not only the honor, but
the great pleasure, to be a member of the Whig
party, during the time of the Mexican war, we
thought our Democratic brethren were often-
times very unkind when they prefaced their
bills and resolutions with "whereas war exists
by the act of Mexico," or "whereas we are
waging a just war with Mexico," and all that
kind of thing; and if you did not swallow the
preamble you could not vote for the bill.
Now, as I do not conceive that any advan-
tage can be gotten from these things, I hope
that these preambles will be dispensed with
and let its get at the subject in hand, which I
understand to be the admission of representa-
tives from Tennessee. If we are agreed upon
that point I cannot see any reason in the world
why we should differ about the ornamental
parts of the bill, or about the phrase in which
it is couched. The great matter is to get at
the thing you desire to achieve.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my friend
from Pennsylvaniaifthe Democrats ever yielded
to hi3 demands and gave up the preambles.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know that they did ;
but if they did not, I would advise my friend
from Ohio not to imitate a bad example, but
rather to yield now, and I trust he and his
friends will do so.
Mr. YATES. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts will be adopted, if
for no other reason, for the sake of principle.
Some gentlemen on this floor believe that no
constitution is republican in form which ex-
cludes from suffrage all of a particular class of
individuals.
Mr. COWAN. Say who they are.
Mr. YATES. Negroes. Others believe that
it is republican in form. As these words are
not necessary to the preamble at all, and give
it no more force whatever, I think they should
be stricken out without affecting the proposi-
tion, and I sincerely hope that the amendment
will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question i.s on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumxer] to the amendment of
the Judiciary Committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
PENSIONS OF WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, I ask leave at this
time to present a report from a committee of
conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
