1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
can be received if there be no objection ; the
Chair hears none.
Mr. VAN WINKLE submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 692) increasing the pen&ionsof widows
and orphans, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and free confercnce have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tirsfc amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with the following amendments, namely,
insert the following new sections:
Skc. 4. And On it further enacted, That if any per-
son, during the pendency of his application for an
invalid pension, but after the completion of the proof
showing his right thereto, has died or shall hereafter
die, but not in cither case by roason o'f wounds re-
ceived or disease contracted in the service of the
United States and in the line of duty, his widow, or
if he Jelt no widow, or in the event of her dpath or
marriage, his relatives in the same order in which
they would have received a pension if they had been
thereunto entitled under existing laws on account
of the service and death in the line of duty of such
person, shall have the right to demand and rcceive
the accrued pension to which he would have been
entitled had the certificate issued before his death;
and in all eases where such person so entitled to an
invalid pension has died, or shall hereafter die, un-
der the circumstances hcreinbeforementioned, either
by reason of a wound icceived, or disease contracted
in the service of the United States and m the line of
duty, or otherwise, without leaving a widow or such
relatives, then such accrued pension shall be paid to
the executor or administrator of such person in like
manner and effect as if such pension were so much
assets belonging to the estate of the deceased at the
time of liis death.
Sec.5. And be if further enacted. That the repeal by
the act entitled "An act supplemental to the several
acts relating to pensions/' approved JuncO, 180(3, of
parts of ccrt.iin acts mentioned in the firot section of
said act shall not work a forfeiture of any rights ac-
crued under or granted by such parts of such acts so
repealed, but such rights shall be recognized and
allowed in the same manner and to all intents and
purposes as if said act had never passed, except that
the invalid pensioner shall be entitled to draw from
and after the taking effect of said act, the increased
pension thereby granted in lieu of (hat granted by
such parts of such acts so repealed.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
the foui th section of the act entitled "An act. supple-
mental to the several acts relating to pensions" ap-
proved March 3,1S65, or in any ol her supplementary
or amendatory acts relating to pensions, shall be so
construed as to impair theiimht of a widow whose
claim for a pension was pending at the date of her
remarriage, to the pension to which she would other-
wise be entitled had her deceased husband left no
minor child or children under tiie age of sixteen
years- HENRY S.LAXK.
P. (4. VAN WINKLE,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Manager? on the pert of the Senate.
S. PER 11AM,
M. C. KERR,
P. SAWYER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
RECOGNITION OF TENNESSEE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. K. No. 83) declaring Tennessee again
entitled to Senators and Representatives in
Congress, the question being on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to the preamble.
Mr. BUCKALEW I desire to make one
inquiry with regard to this preamble. The
preamble carefully sets forth that under the
authority of an act of Congress the State of
Tennessee was declared to be in a state of
insurrection. I suppose allusion is made to
the jirociumation of the late President issued
in pursuance of an act passed early in the war.
Now, sir, I should like to know why the pre-
amble omits a very important circumstance
connected with .that which occurred on the 2d
of April last, to wit, that the President of the
United States, in obedience to an act of Con-
gress, or by virtue of authority conferred upon
him by an act of Congress, declared that the
insurrection against the authority of the Uni-
ted States had ended and that a state of peace
was restored throughout the United States with
the exception, 1 think, of Texas. That would
bo a statement preliminary to the resolution.
It would follow in natural and logical order
after the statement which the Senator from
Illinois has inserted regarding the former proc-
lamation of the President declaring the insur-
rection in existence. I inquire of him, then,
why he omits the second proclamation, issued
by virtue of the same authority, declaring that
insurrection to be ended. It is by reason of
this omission of the Senator from Illinois or of
his committee to take notice of that second proc-
lamation and of the important consequences in
the argument to be derived from the fact of its
existence that they get the conclusion which
they appear to draw in the preamble, that an
act of Congress is necessary to restore this State
to its constitutional relations with the Federal
Government.
In the preamble it is stated that the State of
Tennessee was declared to be in a state of
insurrection in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress. Then the committee proceed to state
the logical conclusion which they draw from
that fact, which is that an act of Congress is
necessary to reinstate the State of Tennessee
in her former position in the Union. The
committee are enabled only to draw that eon-
elusion, which is the point of objection with
many members to this preamble, because the
proclamation announcing the termination of
the insurrection was omitted in the statement,
ff that were placed in'the preamble following
the statement of the original proclamation, the
logic* absurdity would be so patent upon the
face of this preamble that I presume neither
the Senator from Illinois, who reports it, nor
any member of the Senate who is disposed to
vote for it, would entertain it for one moment.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, if he will allow me to do so, to the fact
that there is no statute authorizing the Presi-
dent to issue a proclamation announcing that
the insurrection has ceased in any of the States.
Congress might have inserted such a clause
undoubtedly if it had seen fit; but there is an
absence of any such statutory provision as
would give to the President authority to declare
the insurrection at an end, or in other words
to declare that peace was restored. Congress
undoubtedly proceeded upon this principle,
that it is the war-making and war-conducting
power, and that alone, which can recognize or
reestablish the state of peace after a state of
war has intervened. So that in this case it
was not necessary in any point of view to recite
the fact that the President had issued his so-
called peace proclamation; and I have ever
regarded thatproclamation so far as it assumes
to declare that peace with all its concomitants
has been restored, as utterly destitute of any
statutory provision to stand upon or any rule of
the laws of war.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I take
it for granted, for the very brief purpose in
view, it is competent for me to assume that
the proclamation of the President issued upon
the 2d of April is a valid document, issued by
virtue of due authority conferred upon him by
the laws of the United States. I do not pro-
pose now to go into the argument of that ques-
tion, as I appear to be invited to do by the
observations of the Senator fiom Michigan.
I am very confident that upon examining the
statutes passed upon this subject this authority
will be found to be contained in them. The
original authority to the President itself I be-
lieve was subject to this condition, that they
should be declared to be in insurrection so
long as the insurrection should continue. The
implication upon that language would be clear
and manifest, and would point in the direction
which I mentioned before.
I say I rose to call attention to this very
important omission in the statements of the
preamble, by which alone, as I understand,
the conclusion of the committee is logically
reached or can be inferred that an act of Con-
gress is necessary to restore this State to its
constitutional relations to this Government.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, asthisisa
question between the two preambles, I have no
hesitation in saying that the amplest and fullest
is the one which commends itself to my judg-
ment, and the one which upon ordinary prin-
ciples of legislation can alone, it seems to me.
be adopted. If it were a question between no
preamble and a preamble, there is good reason
to doubt which would be proper.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is that ques-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand the question
now is between one and the other; an amend-
ment is proposed to the preamble reported by
the Hous^ Now, sir, what is the principle of
legislation? When we legislate simply in a
legislative act, we do not ordinarily accompany
the act with the reasons for it. The reasons
are supposed to lie in the mind of the legisla-
tor; they are the current events of the times;
they are the history out of which the law grows;
they are all the surrounding circumstances, if
you please, which accompany the act and which
induce the act. Now, is that this case? Is this
a legislative act having the force of law? I
understand it is. It is not a mere declaration;
it is not a mere resolution of this body ; but it
is a legislative act of the highest legislative
tribunal in the land; it is designed to have the
force of law; and the ground that we put it on
is that it is necessary to put this State in its
practical relations with the Government of the
United States. That is our ground. That is
the ground on which the committee report it.
Sir, as a legislative act ordinarily you do not
accompany it with your reasons. It is not ne-
cessary, I need not say, to give it legislative
force; and that is not the legislative propriety
of the thing, either. The legislative propriety
of the thing is, that you make your law to meet
the exigency, and your justification rests in the
history of the times, not in the reasons you pro-
claim. If that is our condition, the question
arises whether it is wise for us to assign the rea-
sons. There are many reasons why I think it
would not be; and the chief one is that it is
not an ordinary act of legislation to declare
your reasons. Others might be assigned why
it is not necessary. But there are reasons in
this case why it may become necessary for us
to assign our reasons; and if we do not assign
tliem we are liable to be misunderstood by
those who oppose us. I hear it said in this dis-
cussion already—the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Bcckalew] announces it and some
others on this side of the Chamber—that they
will vote for the declaration that Tennessee is
entitled to recognition as a State and to repre-
sentation, on the ground that she has always
been, 011 the ground that she has never been
otherwise than entitled to representation, re-
bellion, insurrection, war to the contrary not-
withstanding ; there never was a day or an hour
when she was not entitled to recognition as a
State. Well, sir, if that is the law 
Mr. BUCKALEW. I beg leave to say that
the Senator is imputing to me remarks which
were made by other gentlemen.
Mr. MORlilLL. Very well, so far as my
friend is concerned I withdraw it; but that is
the other side of this case. Certain gentlemen
are disposed to vote Tennessee in on the ground
that she was never out; that she is entitled to
have her relations declared to be so because
they have never been disrupted; that she is
entitled to be represented now because she
always was. That is the ground. If that is
insisted upon, and there is any danger in the
country of our being misrepresented or being
misunderstood on that question, then I am in
favor of a preamble and the amplest preamble
possible, one which shall state the ground and
the whole ground precisely on which we admit
her.
But if I come to that conclusion, I am not
for the preamble which comes from the House
at all, because that is inadequate, that is incom-
pletej that does not assign any particular rea-
son. Why? That simply says she has ratified
the constitutional amendment and therefore
shall be admitted. I do notgoon that ground.
I do not admit her simply for that reason,
because 1 am not insensible that if we do that
we have established a precedent by which South
Carolina if she should ratify this constitutional
amendment would eouie here and demand
admission: and when South Carolina comes
