1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
111&
dent necessary to complete defense and enjoy-
ment of the specific right.
Now, sir, 1 reassert that the possession of
these rights by the citizen rai&es by necessary !
implication the power in Congress to protect ■
them. Jf a citizen of the United States should 1
go abroid, and while within the jurisdiction of
a foreign Power be despoiled of his rights of
personal security, personal liberty, or personal
property contrary to the due course of law of
the nation indicting the wrong, this Govern-
ment would espouse his cause and enforce re-
dress even to the extremity of war.
It may bo said this case is provided for by
the Constitution, when it declares that Congress
shall have power "to declare war;" and in a
certain sense this is true. But it must be re-
membered that the Constitution does not pro-
vide in detail how the war when once declared
shall be carried on. it leaves that to Congress as
the law-making power and the President as the
executive power of the Government. Through
these redresses for wrongs suffered by our citi-
zens at the hands of another nation may be en-
forced. Well, if all the terrible powers of war
may be resorted to for the protection of the
rights of our citizens when those rights are dis-
regarded and trampled on beyond our jurisdic-
tion. is it possible that our Constitution is so
defective that we have no power under it to
protect our citizens within our own jurisdiction
through the peaceful means of statutes and
courts?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. UOGDiiS obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the gentleman from Iowa will be al-
lowed sufficient time to conclude his remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. SriA\TKLIK. Mr. Speaker, would it
be in order at this time to move an amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit
has been made, which, while pending, pre-
cludes any motion to amend.
Mr. S HA N KLIN. I ask' he gentleman from
Iowa to withdraw that motion to allow me to
offer an amendment.
Mr. Vv 1 hbON. of Iowa. I prefer at present
to conclude my remarks.
Mr. Sneaker, i assert that the only office of
that. flpjKC in 11io Constitution which says that
Congress shall have power to declare war, is to
determine what particular department of the
Government shall discharge the hi^h duty of j
determining v. hen the nation shall assert its
rightthrough the terrible engineries of war:
and that if the Constitution said not a word j
about declaring war, raising armies, and pro-
viding a navy, the nation would possess the
power to do all these things as completely as
it now does. The nation could not live with-
out these powers. They vest in it simultane-
ously with its organisation. They are a part
of its being, and depend not upon any phrases
in the Constitution. These clauses being in
the Constitution prevent conflicts between the
several departments of the Government as
to which particular department shall exercise
these inherent powers of Government. They
do this and nothing more. Thus it will be
perceived that the delegation of the war power
1o Congreas does not militate against the ex-
orcise of the power in the absence of such
delegation. The power exists without this dele-
gation, and the Constitution provides a legisla-
tive department and an executive department
through which it maybe fully exerciced. and de-
termine ^ no question concerning it other than
thai which names one of these two depart-
ment^ to fix the time when the power shall be
called into action. When we call this power
into action we do, in pursuance of the laws
of war. summarily and by force, those things
which in time of peace are done in obedience
to eiwl law a^ administered by the courts.
For neaily five years we have been exercising
the to powers for ihc preservation of the life of
the Republic, the enforcement of our laws, and
thcprotrclion of the rights of our citizens within
our own jurisdiction. We are still exercising
them, although armed resistance to our author-
ity has ceased, and in spite of the assertion that
the rebel States i( still li\e" as States. Some
of the acts which are now being done by virtue
of this great power may be gathered from the
following orders which are enforced to-day by
military direction, namely:
[General Orders, No. 0.]
Headquarters Department of Louisiana,
New Orleans, Louisiana, January 28,18GC.
The following General Order from the "War Depart-
ment. is republished for the information andguidance
of all concerned:
[General Orders, No. 3.]
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, January1866.
To protect persons against improper civil suits and
penalties in late rebellious States:
Military division and department commanders,
whose commands embrace or ;u'e composed of any of
the late rebellious States, and who have not already
done so, -will at once idoue and enforce orders protect-
ing from prosecution or suits in the State or muni-
cipal courts of such State, all officers and soldiers of
thearmiesofthe United States, and all persons thereto
attached, or in anywise thereto belonging, subject to
military authority, charged with offenses tor acts done
in their mihtaiy capacity, or pursuant to orders from
proper militaiy authonty; and to protect from suit
or prosecution all loyal cUi/ena, or persons charged
with offenses done against the rebel forces, directly
or indirectly, during tho existence of the rebellion;
and all persons, their agents and employes, charpcd
with the occupancy of abandoned lands or plan-
tations, or the possession or custody of any kind of
property whatever, who occupied, used, possessed,
or controlled the same pursuant to the order of the
President, or any ot the civil or military depart-
ments ot the Government, and to protect them lrom
any penalties or damaae-s that may have been or may
be pronounced or adjudged m paid courts in any of
such cases; and also protecting colored peisons from
prosecution* in any ofsaid States charged wiih offenses
for which white persons are not prosecuted or pun-
ished in the same manner and depaee.
I3y command of Lieutenant General Grant:
.K.J). TO WX^KND,
A^'-lstnnt Adjutant (rrnci <il.
1. All prosecutions and suits embraced in tho fore
poing order, pending in any court not of Vederalju-
ri^hehon. within tho limits of this command, will at
once be discontinued and sel aside, and the leeords,
process, pleadin?,<, ordnrs, decrees, judgments, and
all papers relating to the same, forwarded to these
headquarters for saie-koepms.
2. Whenever it shall appear that any suit or pro-
ceeding of the character mentioned is pending in a
State court, in violation of thn order, distiict com-
mandeis arc autlioiiz-ed and retimed to give and
enfoiee such orders as may he noee-i-iuy and proper,
reporting their action in each ease, and the reason
therefor, tothe^ehead([u:!rtcr<: Ijui thev are enjoined
to take this action in a discieet and orderly manner,
and with duo respect to the judicial authorities befoie
whom each cases are pending.
By order of Major General E. Ii. S. Canbv:
WYCKIIAM HOFFMAN,
Adiutrmt (}f
Official: NATHANIEL BflRBANK,
Acting AbHi^tant Adjutant General.
War Department,
Bureau of Rei-toecs, Freedmrn,
am) Abandoned Lvnds.
Washington, November 27,1805.
General: As the suspension of the collection of the
school-tax, in Circular 27 from your office, will work
unjustly toward those who have paid th eir assessment,
and as the bureau has no authority to revoke General
Orders No. 38. «cr\es of ISO t, heady uarUus department
of^the Gulf, Circular No. 27, current sei ios, from the
office of the a<=si-tant eommis-aoner lor the State of
Louisinna, disapproved, and the srhool-tax. as in-
stituted in General Orders No. 88, will be colleetcd.
Thpc.f'hools must uo on.
See GenTil Canby and secure his assistance: and
consult with him on subject of tax that the freedmen
are willing to have imposed on themselves.
By order of .Major General 0. 0. Howard:
MAX WOOUHGLL,
Colonel and Axw^ttott Adjutant General.
Official copy: MAX WOODIIULL,
Adiixtnut Adjutant trfne.rnl
Official: , . A. V. 1IAYDEN,
Captain and Assistant Aa'/'utant General.
Brevet Major General A. IUiud, A^bivtant Commis-
sioner, <£c.,jScw Oi I ceo ix. Louisiana,
Here we have a practical exemplification of
the war power in the accomplishment within
our own jurisdiction, for the protection of our
citizens, of sonic of the very things which this
bill proposes to secure through tho powerful
operations of the courts. By these orders,
a State laws,"? '1 State courts," municipal ordi-
nances and courts, are crushed and pushed out
of til o to make room for 1 ii>:■ perfect enjoy-
ment by tho citizen of a portion of his rights.
Taxes are levied and enforced, actions are dis- j
continued, records removed, decrees and judg- I
ments of courts suspended and annulled, and
everything done to make the summary remedy-
provided by military law swift, sure, and com-
plete. These orders go far beyond the provis-
ions of this bill, and yet who will question the
authority of the Lieutenant General and his sub-
ordinates to issue and enforce them?
These things are done by a power which must
he subordinate to the civil authority-—done in
the presence of war, actual or theoretical. Many
of the things in these orders provided, as T have
remarked, go far beyond the scope of this bill,
but are directed to the same end, the pro-
tection of the citizen. Cannot this protection
be rendered in the mode prescribed by the
measure we now have under consideration? If
not, a perpetual state of constructive war would
be a great blessing to very many Amcrjcan cit-
izens. If a suspension of martial law and a
restoration of the ordinary forms of civil law
are to result in a subjection of our people to the
outrages under the operation of State laws and
municipal ordinances which these orders now
prevent, then it were better to continue the
present state of affairs forever. But such is not
the case ; we may provide by law for the same
ample protection thiougli the civil courts that
now depends on the orders of our military com-
manders ; and I will never consent to any other
construction of our Constitution, for that would
Be the elevation of tho military above the civil
power.
Before our Constitution wasformed, the great
fundamental rights which I have mentioned,
belonged to every person who became a mem-
ber of our great national family. No one sur-
rendered a jot or tittle of these rights by con-
senting to the formation of the Government,
The entire machinery of government as organ-
ized by the Constitution was designed, among
other things, to secure a more perfect enjoy-
ment of these rights. A legislative department
was created that laws necessary and proper to
this end might be enacted. A judicial depart-
ment was erected to expound and administer
the laws. An executive department was formed
for the purpose of enforcing and seeing to the
execution of these laws. And these sevefal de-
partments of Government possess the power to
enact, administer, and enforce the laws "ncees-
sur\ ami proper " to secure these rights which
existed anterior to the ordination of the Con-
stitution. Any other view of tho powers of this
(government dwarfs it and renders it a failure
in its most important office.
Upon this broad principle I rest my justifi-
cation of this hill. I assert that we possess the
power to do those things which Governments
are organized to do ; that we may protect a
citizen of the United States against a violation
of his rights by the law of a single Stale ; that
by our laws and our courts we may intervene
to maintain the proud character of American
citizenship: that this power nermeates our
whole system, is a part of it, without which the
States can run riot over every fundamental
right belonging to citizens of the United States;
that the right to exercise this power depends
upon no express delegation, but runs with the
rights it is designed to protect; that we pos-
sess the same latitude in respect to the selec-
tion of means through which to exercise this
power that belongs to us when a power rests
upon express delegation ; and that the decisions
which support the latter maintain the former.
And heie, sir, I leave the bill to the consid-
eration of the House.
Mr. ROGERS resumed the floor.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask the gentleman from
New Jersey to yield to me for a moment, that
I may address one or two questions to tho
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
AVilsox. of Iowa.]
Mr. ROGERS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mi-. RAYMOND. I desire in the first place
to inquire whether this bill as now under dis-
cussion before the House has been printed, and
is now on our files.
Mr. WILSON", ofiowa. The bill is printed
and on our files in the form in which it passed
the Senate. The House has this morning
