1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
able vicissitudes, when to favor necessary
changes, when to originate improvements and
suggest alterations, as well as when to resist
the visionary schemes of reckless innovators.
He sustained no policy merely because it was
old; he favored no measure merely because it
was new.
I have spoken of Judge Collamer as ho was
seen in the performance of his public duties.
There was another side of his character in which
the persuasive advocate, the inflexible judge,
the wise? and politic statesman was seen in a
more genial and winning light. In* the unre-
strained intercourse of private life and the flow
of ordinary conversation there was a charm in
his society which those who knew him inti-
mately cannot soon forgot. The judge and the
Senator were forgotten in the brilliant and de-
lightful companion, the generous and sympathiz-
ing friend, the wise, the candid, the tar-seeing
man.
In the fullness of his years, after a life of
usefulness and of honor, and in the assurance
of a Christian hope of a blessed immortality,
he has gone to his reward. Of those who sur-
vive him, of those who in coming years are
to succeed him here and elsewhere, there are
few who can equal him in ability and in virtue.
His intellectual and his moral traits partook of
the antique mold, rather than of the modern
type of character. Yet though rare and pecu-
liar, they are not inimitable, and to the noble
and aspiring youth of our country, whose hearts
beat high with the love of civil liberty, and
who are fired with a generous ambition to ben-
efit and exalt the human race, they furnish an
example worthy of earnest emulation and full
of the highest encouragement. They may see
him in youth studious, laborious, and virtuous;
in manhood exerting all his powers for the
good of mankind; and in his ripened age, still
m the full possession of his faculties, and con-
scientiously performing all his duties, crowned
with public honors and the respect and affection
-of a grateful people. They may learn, also,
from his life, that the greatest taler.ts do not
eclipse the higher and purer light of a truly
Christian character; and they cannot fail to
perceive the superiority of inoial over intel-
lectual greatness, when they observe that with
all his preeminent abilities, the most striking
characteristic of Jacob Collamer was his per-
fect integrity.
Mr. RIDDLE. In sorrow for the necessity,
with pleasure for the privilege which the sad
necessity has created, 1, Mr. President, second
the resolutions before us.
Eulogy is not mv forte. Obituaries are to m e
unpleasant. Eulogies I would not attempt;
obituaries sometimes become an imperative
duty. If perchance the one is blended with
the other, it shows at least that the heart is
holding such dominion over the mind as to im-
pel utterance to honest sentiments.
In the death of Jacob Collamer, I think
Vermont has lost one of her brightest jewels,
the Senate one of its most courteous members,
and the country one of its greatest statesmen.
He was great in feeling, great in thought, great
in principle, and great in action. The compeers
of Calhoun, Clay, Webster, and Wright, by his
demise are nearly, if not entirely, extinct.
But for the illumination of their minds, re-
fleeted by the archives of our country, we would
be left comparatively in the dark to grapple
with the difficulties which surround us: hence
the greater the loss. Would that he had lived
to aid in the great work of reconstruction which
we are, I hope, about to inaugurate.
My first acquaintance with Mr. Collamer
was in 1849 or 1850, when he was Postmaster
General of the United States, the duties of which
office he discharged with signal ability and gen-
eral satisfaction. I do confess that the impres-
sions which he made upon me at that time were
different from those of later dayswhen we be-
came better acquainted and more intimate. He
was apparently an austere man, but there was
as little of harshness or rigidity in his composi-
tion as of any man who ever lived. Honesty,
dignity, and self-possession, prominent charac-
teristics of the man, naturally created such an
impression, and especially upon a young man
who differed with him materially upon most po-
litical questions, and who was predisposed to
oppose his administration. This apparent aus-
terity in a measure separated us, but the union,
like the welded link in the chain, only united
us more strongly when made.
An epitome of his life I would gladly give
you, but that has been furnished by his surviv-
ing and venerable- colleague. It may, never-
theless, be proper for me to allude, 1 trust it
will bo considered modestly, to his deportment
as a Senator, his position as a jurist, and his
character as a statesman. Some men when
they acquire the position of Senator, (I use the
word "acquire" without wishing it to be liter-
ally applied to the deceased,) seek popularity
rather than labor to direct to proper channels
the popularity which (heir good acts and posi-
tion have created. This is the rock, mark my
word for it, upon which Great Britain is bound
to split. In other words, some men embrace
the '' isms'' of the day—I use the manufactured
word ''isms," not knowing any other so com-
prehensive—rather than breast the storm which
sucli ''isms" naturally engender, andwhichmust
ultimately destroy every vestige of republican
institutions if persevered in. Judge Collamer
was not of this class; and in this respect he
must have elevated himself in the estimation of
the honorable men of Vermont. lie believed,
and I think correctly, that if our ship of State
was to be stranded, it would bo by fanaticism,
and the denial to the States of their reserved
rights under the Federal Constitution. His
last speech before this body justifies me mak-
ing such a declaration; but political expres-
sions, or even expressions which lean that way,
are not relevant to this occasion. I may, how-
ever, be permitted to add, that'' his solid quali-
ties as a man, and his evident desire to observe
the right as a guide in political matters, won for
him many friends, even among those who, like
myself, differed from him essentially in the con-
clusions to which he arrived." 1 have thus,
Mr. President, merely briefly alluded to his
\iews to show that a great man can, to a great
extent, shake off the shackles of party, be sus-
tained by an honest constituency, and shine
out, in the estimation of an enlightened world,
as a patriot and statesman. Such was Judge
Collamer. No Senator ever doubted his hon-
esty ; no Senator ever questioned his integrity;
and when he arose to address you, Mr. Presi-
dent, he. was recognised, as he should have
been, over many of us, in consequence of his
age, experience, ability, and acknowledged
statesmanship. If this be a compliment, God
grant his friends may duly appreciate it.
I speak, sir, perhaps, apparently with too
much feeling, but it fortuned I was his com-
panion upon his return home after the adjourn-
ment of the last Congress. 1 may say that dur-
ing our last journey I learned to know him
better, and, if possible, respect him more. I
knew he was unfamiliar with selfishness. His
laudable ambition was satiated. His country,
with which I may say he was born, was his
adopted child. He had grown up with it. In
boyhood he fought its early battles; in man-
hood he contended for its institutions ; and in
old age, when death was dawning upon him,
he enunciated the noblest principles of his life,
and the only principles which can save this
Government. 1 leave to Sena! ors and fhe coun-
try to judge what these principles are.
Before to-day I did not know Judge Colla-
mer's religions views. I knew he was spirit-
ually inclined, and I believe no man can be
great without such inclination. It is the gem
from which true greatness grows, cultivate it as
you may. It enlarges the heart, brightens the
intellect, and gives true nobility to the soul. It
is equally certain that many assume it for base
and mercenary purposes, and they are the pests
upon society; but Judge Coli^amer, I may say,
and let the remark not appear sacrilegious, it
assumed. He was honest enough to admit his
errors; bold enough to confront his enemies;
conscientious enough to eon'cede' his faults ';
and humble enough to pray to his God for for-
giveness.
During the journey to which I have alluded
I advanced the idea that although man waa
mortal, government, the creature of man trgon
this earth, properly regulated, might become itii-
immortal; that morality and love for the neigh-
bor were the essential attributes of lasting'power
and sovereignty, and that sovereignty'main-
tained under such instincts would become 1111-
morlal. To this the judge partially dissented,
but expressed a desire to read a work upon the
subject, a copy of which I sent him a few months
before he died.
He also expressed a desire to read the works
ofEmanuel Swedenborg,whomhe considered as
ono of the greatest men and writers of his age,
but feeling as it were that his days were num-
bered, he said to mo in a suppressed tone, "It
is too late to commence such an undertaking."
Thus we parted, and parted forever, unless to
meet in the same mansion in another and bet-
ter world.
May the Green Mountain boys of Vermont
decorate his grave with the verdure and nat-
ural grandeur of their hills; and may the con-
stitutional principles which ho enunciated and
advocated be indelibly impressed upon their
minds! I would want this, to use a paradox,
be an unwritten inscription upon his tomb.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, since Henry
Clay left this Chamber by the gate of death no
Senator has passed that way, crowned with the
same honorable years as Mr. Collamer ; nor has
any Senator passed that way, whose departure
creatod such a blank in the public councils, un-
less we except Mr. Douglas. He was our most
venerable associate; but his place here had not
shrunk with time. Ho was, when we last saw
him, as important to our debates and to our
conclusions us he had ever been. He still pos-
sessed all those peculiar powers of argument and
illustration, seasoned with a New England salt,
which he had from the beginning. He was not
so old, that he was not often the life of the
body.
Vi'hen he came into the Senate, it was after
long and various experience as lawyer, judge,
Representative in the other House, member of
the Cabinet and then again as judge, in all which
characters he had been single, pure, honest,
faithful, and laborious. Though little of a trav-
eler. he had seen much. He had also read
much, and he had done much. But all the re-
sults of observation, study, and action had so
passed into hi.-! nature as to become a part of
himself. If he expressed an opinion even on
law, it seemed to come from himself, and not
from books. He was the authority. And yet
he was fond of books, whether in his own pro-
fession, or in other departments of study.
His fidelity assumed the form ofaccuracy in all
that he said or did. He spoke accurately, and
ho was especially accurate with hispen. Perhaps
nobody was apter in the style or language of
legislation. He was an excellent draughts-
man, although, without doubt, loo professional
for a taste not exclusively professional,—indul-
ging in tni/li tional phrases and those favorite
superfluities of the lawyer, said and aforesaid.
The great act of July 13, 1861, which gave to
the war for the suppression of the_ rebellion its
first congressional sanction, and invested the
President with new powers, was drawn by him.
It was he that set in motion the great ban, not
vet lifted, by which the rebel States were shut
out from the communion of the Union. This
is a landmark in our history, and it might
properly be known by the name of its author,
as '' Collam er's statute.''
All who ever sal with him in the committee-
room will long remember the carefulness with
•which he gave his counsels and the complete-
ness with which he explained them. Per-
haps his wisdom and facility in business were
nowhere more manifest. I seize this occasion
to confess most gratefully my own personal ob-
ligations to him in this interesting relation.
The same character which appeared in the
