56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
committee-room showed itself in conversation,
enlivened by a constant humor. He too had
Ms "little story" for illustration; but in this re-
«pect he differed from the late President as one
of his own Vermont mountains differs from an
outstretched and laughing prairie of the West.
In manner he was Socratie. The curious ob-
server, fond of tracing resemblances, might say,
that in his head, and even in his general ap-
pearance, he was not unlike the received image
of Socrates; while his colloquial powers might
recall Socrates again, as he is pictured 'by the
affectionate Xenophon, '' handling all who con-
versed with Mm just as he pleased." He had
also the same antique simplicity, and I doubt
not he would have followed the wise man of
Athens bare-foot in the waters of the Ilissus.
I would not push this resemblance too far, and
I use it only for illustration and not for parallel.
And yet as I bring to mind our departed friend,
he seems to assume this classical form. Call
him, then, if you please, the Green Mountain
Socrates.
Debate, except on the highest occasions, is-
only conversation in public. With him it was
conversation always. He spoke, as he con-
versed, with the same pith and humor, and with
the same facility. But his facility did not tempt
him. In this gilded amphitheater, where the
speaker is sacrificed to the galleries, as of old
the gladiator was sacrificed to make a Roman
holiday, he declined all display, and simply
conversed, and such was the desire to hear him
that we gathered near to catch his words. He
was not a frequent speaker, and he never spoke
except when he had something to say; nor did
he speak for effect abroad, but only for effect
in the debate. Of course, he was too honest
and too considerate of the Senate, to speak
without the preparation of reflection and study.
Though at times earnest, he was never bitter.
He never dropped into the debate any poisoned
ingredients.
_ Sometimes he spoke with much effect, espe-
cially on matters of law or finance or busi-
ness. On the great question which for a gen-
eration overshadowed all others, and finally
wrapped the country in the ''living cloud of
war," he was sincerely anti-slavery, but with
certain short-comings, which, in this impartial
tribute, ought not to be concealed. His lenity
toward our monster enemy showed itself un-
consciously when he spoke of malignant rebels
as "those southern gentlemen who had se-
ceded;" and then again when at an earlier date
he spoke of "two civilizations;" but lie bore
kindly the reply that civilization was only on
one side. And yet on two occasions in this
Chamber he strove for the right very bravely,
so that his position was historic. One of these
was many years ago, shortly after he came into
the Senate. The other was only last year. The
historian and the biographer will describe these
scenes. One of them is the fit subject of art.
The earliest of these occasions was when,
under the influence of the Presideut of that
day, backed by Jefferson Davis in the Cabinet,
an illegal government was set up in a distant
Territory, which, in defiance of the people there,
proceeded to institute an infamous Black Code
borrowed from slavery. The President coun-
tenanced the illegal government and smiled
upon the Black Code. The representatives
of slavery in both Houses of Congress, with
their northern allies, indifferent to human
rights and greedy only of political power, sus-
tained the President in his disregard of that
fundamental principle of the Declaration of In-
dependence, that " government stands on the
consent of the governed." The contest was
unequal On the one side was a struggling
people, insulted and despoiled of their rights ;
on the other side was the President with all the
vast powers of this Republic, with patronage
less than now but very prevailing, and with a
great political party which, gave to him an un-
hesitating support. The contest reached this
Chamber. Naturally it came before the Com-
mittee on Territories, where happily the good
cause was represented by Jacob Collamer of
Vermont. The interest increased with each
day, and when the committee reported, a scene
ensued without example among us.
The reports of committees are usually handed
in and ordered to be printed; but now at the
call of a Senator from South Carolina the re-
port of the committee, whitewashing incredible
outrages, was read by the chairman at the desk
of the Secretary of the Senate. The chairman
left his seat for this purpose, and stood face to
face with the Senate. For two hours the apology
for that usurpation, which had fastened a Black
Code upon an inoffensive people, sounded in
this Chamber, while the partisans of slavery
gloated over the seeming triumph. There was
a hush of silence, and there was sadness also
with some who saw clearly the unpardonable
turpitude of the sacrifice. Mr. Collamer fol-
lowed with a minority report, signed by himself
alone, which he read at the desk of the Secre-
tary, standing face to face with the Senate.
Jesse D. Bright was at the time our President,
but he had installed in the chair on that mo-
mentous occasion none other than that most
determined artificer of treason and drill-sergeant
of the rebellion, John Slidell, who sat behind,
like Mephistopheles looking over the shoulder
of Truth, while the patriot Senator standing be-
fore gravely unfolded the enormities which had
been perpetrated. Few who were present then
now remain; but none who were present then
can fail to recall the scene. The report which
Mr. Collameii read belongs to the history of
the country. But the scene comes clearlywith-
in the domain of art. In the long life of our
departed friend it was his brightest and most
glorious moment, beyond anything of honor or
power, whether in the Cabinet or on the bench.
For what is office compared to the priceless
opportunity, nobly employed, of standing as a
buttress for human rights?
The other signal occasion, when he showed
much of the same character and was surely
inspired by the same sentiment, was during the
last year, when the illustrious President, who
now sleeps ill immortality, undertook, in disre-
gard of Congress and solely by executive power,
to institute civil governments throughout that
region of the Union where civil governments
had been overthrown—imitating in the agencies
he employed the Cromwellian system of ruling
by " major generals.'' The case of distant alid
oppressed Kansas was revived. Who can for-
get the awakened leonine energy of the aged
Senator, when, contrary to his custom, he in-
terrupted another in debate to declare his judg-
ment against the power of the President to
institute permanent civil governments '' to last
beyond the war.'' The dividing line was clear.
The President might exercise a temporary
military power; but Congress must lay the foun-
dations of permanent peace. This simple
principle was, of course, only the corollary of
that rule of Jefferson, which has become one
of the common-places of our political system,
asserting "the supremacy of the civil over the
military authority." The eggs of crocodiles
can produce only crocodiles, and it is not easy
to see how the eggs laid by military power can
be hatched into an American State.
This interjected judgment was afterward de-
veloped in a speech, which, for sententious wis-
dom and solid sense, is, perhaps, the best he
ever delivered. It is not long, but, like the Ro-
man sword, it is effective from its very short-
ness. He spoke with the authority of years, but
he spoke also with another peculiar authority,
for it was he who drew the act of Congress
which placed the rebel States under theTjan.
Positively, earnestly, and most persuasively he
insisted that Congress should not abdicate its
control of this question. His conclusion was
repeated again and again. It was for Congress,
he said, to say when that state of things existed
which would entitle the rebel States to perform
their functions as integral parts of the Union.
It was for Congress to decide this question, and
not for the President, except so far as the Presi-
dent unites in an act of Congress by his signa-
ture. And he asked, "When will and when
ought Congress to admit these States as being
in their normal condition?" To which lie an-
swers, "It is not enough that they stop their
hostility and arc repentant. They should pre-
sent fruits meet for repentance. They should
furnish to us by their actions some evidence that
the condition of loyalty and obedience is their
true condition again, and Congress must pass
upon it; otherwise ice have no securities. And 1
insist that the President by making peace with
them, if you please, by surceasing military opera-
tions does not alter their status wilil Congress
passes upon it." Then again filled with the
thought, he exclaims,'1 The great essential thing
now to insist upon is that Congress shall do noth-
ing which can in any way create a doubt about
our power over the subject." And still plead-
ing against executive interference,he says, "I
helieve that when reestablishing the condition
of peace with that people, Congress, represent-
ing the United States, has power in ending this
war as any other war to get some security for
the future. It would be a strange thing if it
were not true that this nation in ending a civil
as well as a foreign war could close it and make
peace by obtainin'g, if not indemnity for the past,
at least some security for future peace.'1 This
was the last speech of our patriot Senator. It
is his dying legacy to his country. Let all, from
President to citizen, heed its words. The as-
piration so often expressed to-day that he had
lived to take part in the restoration of the rebel
States is fulfilled. He lives in his declared
opinions, which are now echoed from the tomb.
Say not that I err, because here, at his fu-
neral, seeking to do him honor, I exhibit him
bravely standing face to face with executive pow-
er, wielded by a President who was instigated
by Jefferson Davis, and then again bravely stand-
ing face to face with executive power, wielded
by the gentle hand of Abraham Lincoln. In
the first case it was to save an outraged people;
in the other case, it was to vindicate the powers
of the people of the United States in Congress
assembled to provide guarantees and safeguards
against that wickedness and perjury which had
deluged his beloved country with blood. Say.
not that I err, because now, at his funeral,
anxious that his best actions should not be for-
gotten, I commemorate this championship. He
is dead, but the good he has done cannot die.
And hereafter faithful Senators, struggling with
executive power, will catch a new inspiration
from his example. A bishop of the church
tells us that "all is not lost while there is a
man left to reprove error and bear testimony
to the truth; and the man who does it with
becoming spirit may stop a Prince or Senate in
full career, and recover the day." But where
this spirit has been shown—where an honored
associate has earned this title to fame—I insist
that it shall be made known. The battles of
regiments are inscribed on their colors. I now
inscribe on the colors of Jacob Coi.lamlr, the
civic battles which he fought. Swords of honor
are placed on the coffins of lamented generals.
I no w place on the collin of a lamented Senator
the simple truthful record of his acts.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, I had in-
tended not to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate by any observations of my own upon this
occasion. My distinguished colleague, who was
for so many years associated in public life with
Judge Collamer, not only in this, but also in
the other House of Congress, was so eminently
fitted, both in thoughts and words, to do justice
to his fame and memory, and to express the
deep regret and giiuf of the people of our State
at his loss, that I did not feel at liberty to weaken
what he might say bv any feeble utterance ot
my own. ihe knowledge, too, that other dis-
tinguished members of'this body, long associated
with Judge Coi.lamek, not only as Senators,
but in other hiah departments of the public ser-
vice, would address the Senate upon the an-
nouncement of his decease, was an additional
circumstance urging me to silence. Bui more
mature consideration has brought me, within a
very few hours, to a different determination,
and to the belief that. 111 justice to myself, as
the successor of Judge Collajikii to a seat in
this branch of Congress, and to the people of
