1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
adopted several amendment. Consequently
the bill on the file does not correspond pre-
cisely with tlie bill now before tlie House.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to make one
other remark.
Early in the present session I introduced into
tlie House a bill aiming at precisely the same
general object contemplated in the bill now
before the House, and asserting tliu same great
principle. That, bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I would like, if it
meets with the concurrence of the Judiciary
Committee and the House, in the remarks 1
may at some future time make un this bill, to
have that also open for discussion here. L
would like to ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, if he is at liberty to state
what, if any, has been the decision of that com-
mittee on tho bill to which I refer—House bill
No. 88.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ I will state that my
present recoiled ion in reference to that bill is
that the committee authorized its report to the
House, and (hat it is in tho hands of the gentle-
man's colleague, [Mr. Morris,] who is a mem-
ber of the committee, to bo reported. That is
my recollection of the action of the committee.
Mr. RAYMOND. If tho gentleman will
allow me, 1 will ask him further, whether it will
be in harmony with,the rules of the House to
have that bill reported so as to come before: the
House for discussion in connection with the
pending measure?
Mr. WILSON, of fowa. That can only be
done by unanimous consent,; indeed, even then,
I do not sec how it e,m be done, as we cannot
ha\ e two bills before the House at the. same
time.
Mr. liAYMOND. 1 will send to the Clerk's
desk a copy of that bill—it. is a short one—to
be read ; and 1 will say, ift have occasion to
make any remarks on this bill, 1 will then, if
in conformity to the rules, move it as a substi-
tute for tho one under consideration.
Mr. NTKVION'S. That cannot he done until
tho pending motion is disposed of.
Mr. RAYMOND. It is mainly tor the pur-
pose of discussion, and not in the view of prcAs
nig it as an amendment. I ask the Clerk to
read the bill as 1 submitted it,.
The Clerk read, us follows:
lif it eiuir.t-il hy the ,sV;m?e and Holm*1 of llrftr'-
of Ihr I' ililri! Stittcit , </ /! in/rim in ' 'umiyi i v
{iroii-mtilfd, Thai [til tto.'. iti'H of I'oiierc-'s rclntin": la
Biiltimliziitiim be, unvl the Kami? ftrohere.by, amend,',i
by strihiu* out. wherever thev oeeur, the wonts " !>e-
111(5 .1 IVff! whil e |H ! SOD." [Out tflO Wol'ds " free whil o,"
flint (In* wordu "a IVee white person and," ho t tint in f bo
mntler ot iiiftiu'jiii'/.ntion I here shall ho no distmotion
uy to i aeo or eotoi.
Sec.'J. .in,/ /,,■ it/iufhtv > Th.it .ill i,croons
born. or hereafter to bo bom. w itiiin ftie limits unit
undor the jurisdiction ot Iho United Stairs, shall tie
duuuied and i misidci'cd, Hint ine hereby deehu <st (u
be, ciiixt'iis of tho touted States, unit entitled to all
rights and nnviivs'cs its such.
Hrco, o. A)t>i h>! it furdi/'r muriril, That i!"111iior in
thi.. net f'outaiiHsl shall bo construed to nat ural i/.e
autlioiiv.i'the liuturiilualion of nay members of the
Itulmn trilled.
Mr. SUANKL1N. I ask thehonorablegen-
tlcman from Iowa to withdraw his motion to
recommit so that I may have an opportunity to
offer un amendment.
Mr. WILSON1, of Towa. It is not my inten-
tion to ask a vote 011 the motion to leeommil.
I do not desiie die bill to go back to tilt- com-
mit ice. It is my intention, if 1 can. to put the
bill on its |ia,Mje to-morrow. 1 will hear the
gent leniairs amendment.
Mr. SUANICI.IN. 1 will state that when 1
shall have the oppoitunity 1 shall move the
following amendment, to the bill: . i
Amend by adding the followiiu; additional seetion
at the end of the bdl, lo wit - ^ :
Sec. 11. A ft'I lr it /'wthrr marti'fK That nothing iu
thiB act contained shut! be so construed as to cooler
on any nejrro, mulatto, or Indian tho rierht to vote at !
any election or io invest them wiih any other polit- I
leal or social rights not expressly mimed herein.
Mr. WILSON, of fowa. T do not withdraw ;
it for that purpose, as it is in the bill now. 1
Mr. iiOGEKS. lyieldtothegentleman from
Kentucky. !
Mr. .SilANKLIN. ltheaoft'er it as an amend-
ment now. i
The SPEAKER. Amendmentisnotinorder
until the motion to recommit is disposed of.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I understand the. gentle-
man does not propose to insist on that motion.
The SPEAKER. But he has not withdrawn
it. When it, is disposed of the bill will be open
to amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I decline to with-
draw it.
Mr. ROGERS. Does this come out of my
time ? I will not ask to have my time extended
as I expect to speak within the hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not regard
this as coming out of tho gentleman's time.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to ask tho
chairman who reported this bill, why the com-
mittee limit the provisions of the second sec-
tion to those who act under the color of law.
Why not let them apply to the whole com-
munity where the acts arc committed?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That grows out of
the fact that there is discrimination in refer-
ence to civil rights under the local laws of the
States. Therefore we provide that the persons
who under the color of these local laws should
do these things shall bo liable to this punish-
ment.
Mr. LOAN. What penalty is imposed upon
others than officers who indict these wrongs on
the citizen ¥
Mr. \\" I LSON, of Iowa. We arc not making
a general criminal code for the States.
Mr. LOAN. Why not abrogate those laws
instead of inflicting penalties upon ollieers who
execute writs under them?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A law without a
sanction is of very litt lo force.
Mr. LOAN. Then why not put it in the bill
direct ly ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is what we
are trying to do.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I, as one of
the committee from which this bill was reported,
deem it my ilutv, as 1 have had probably more
opportunity lo investigate the character of it
than some other gentlemen in the House, to
evpatiate somewhat, upon the bill, not only
with regard to its const itulioualitv, but its policy.
Let me say, in the commencement, that there
is no person ill this House more witling to ex-
tend to the negro all the rights of life, liberty,
and property than I am. 1 am willing to treat
him in the most kindly and Christian-like man-
ner, and extend to him every privilege that
ootid to be guarantied to any man in the Uni-
ted Stales for the protection of his liberty, his
life, and his property. Hut when I took my
sent in this body I look a solemn o.ith, which I
implanted deeply iu my heart and conscience,
that I would support the Constitution of tho
t'niled States an<i defend if against, its ene-
mies, whether within or without.
Now, sir, if cannot he pretended by any law-
yer in this House, whatever his political opin-
ions may be, who will base his integrity upon
his professional experience, that there is any
authority in the Congress of the United Suites
to enter the domain of a State and interfere
with its internal police, statutes, and domestic
regulations.
Why. sir, the proposed amendment of the
Constitution which has just been discussed io
tlii. House and postponed till April next, was
offered by the learned gentleman from Ohio
[.Mr. llixoiiAMj for the very purpose of avoid-
ing the duVscult.y winch wo are now meeting in
the attempt fo pass this bill now under consid-
eration. Because the amendment which he
reporled from the committee of fifteen was in-
tended to confer upon Congress the power ''to
make laws which shall be necessary and proper
fo secure to the citizens of each State all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States, and to all persons in the several
States equal protection in the right of life,
liberty, and property." There is no protec-
tion or law provided for in that constitutional
amendment which Congress is authorized to
pass by virtue of that constitutional amend-
ment that, is not contained iu this proposed
act of Congress which is now before us. There-
fore we have the opinion of the majority of the
committee of fifteen, and the opinion of the
learned gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bi.tcham, J
that in order to do what this bill proposes,
Congress must be empowered by an amend-
ment to the organic law.
I affirm, without the fear of successful con-
tradiction, that by the decision of the highest
court of the United States, that august tribunal
to whoso decisions every honest and patriotic
man is bound to bow, it has been expressly and
solemnly decided, after the most mature delib-
eration, by a"bench of the most enlightened and
learned lawyers that ever sat upon it, that ne-
groes in this country, whether free or slave,
are not citizens or people of the United States
within the meaning of the words of the Consti-
tution, and that therefore no law of Congress
or of any State can extend to the negro race,
in the full sense of the term, the status of citi-
zenship. And the organic law, by its letter and
spirit, and in view- of the contemporaneous cir-
cumstances under which if was passed, fully
vindicate the authority of this decision of the
Supreme Court, declaring that no power within
any State, much less in the Congress of tho
United States, can change the status of the
negro. That cannot be done until the requisite,
amendment is made lo the Constitution, until
some .such article has been carried into effect
by two thirds of both Houses of Congress and
three fourths of the States.
1 ask gentlemen on the other side, because I
treat them with the same respect that I would
treat, those who agree with me in political opin-
ion— 1 know them to be men of judgment and
men of sense—to discriminate between the great
rights which are vested in the States and the
rights and powers delegated by the States to the
i'Vderal (iovernment. 1 am here to-day to vin-
dicate the doctrine of Jelferson, Madison, and
•Jackson, those great polar stars of State sov-
ereignty. which Stale sovereignty luis led this
country iu peace and prosperity for seventy-five
years: which has made it what if is among the
nations of "the earth ; Unit sustained the great
elementary principles contained in the organic
law, that when Congress undertakes to inflict
legislation upon the reserved rights of the States
it is a usurpation. And it is the duty of every
Representative, whatever his polities may be,
to prevent any such usurpation, and to main-
tain and preserve the. safeguard and rights of
the States unimpaired, as they were intended
to be, by the framcrs of the organic law when
they assembled in the old Hall of Independ-
ence in 17811.
Now, sir, no bill has been offered in this
House or in the other, the frcedmen's bill not
excluded, which proposes fo give fo Congress
such dangerous powers over the liberties of the
people as this bill under consideration', and if
it can be constitutionally passed by the Con-
gress of the United Stales, and is no infringe-
ment, upon the reserved or undelegated powers
of the States, then Congress has the right, not
only to extend all the lights'and privileges to
colored men that, are enjoyed by white men,
but has the right to take away. If Congress
has tlie right to extend the great privileges of
citizenship, which heretofore have been eon-
trolled by tho States, to any class of beings,
they have the right, by the same authority, to
take away from any class of people in any State
the same righls that they lia\e the right to
extend to another class of persons in flic same
State. In other words, if the Congress has
power under our present organic law to decide
what rights and privileges shall be extended to
negroes, it has the same power and authority
under that organic law to extend its legislation
so as to take away the most inestimable aud
valuable rights of the white men and the white
women of this country, and not only take away
but destroy every blessing of life, liberty, and
property, upon the principle that Congress has
unlimited sovereign power over the rights of
the States; and whenever, in its judgment, it
may see fit, it may carry this power on to an
unlimited extent.
Now, sir, is there any member on the other
