1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4001
moment. The language is, " and is again en-
titled to be represented by Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, duly elected and
qualified, upon their taking the oaths of office
required by existing laws." I will not admit
a man who takes the oaths required by exist-
ing laws if I know he has been a traitor. It is
not for Congress to decide that; it is for tho
Senate to decide who is entitled to be admitted
here on taking the oaths of officc. When the
State has been restored to its proper relations
to the Union, then it is for eachHouse to de-
cide whether the persons claiming seats are
entitled to them or not. I ask my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] if Jeff. Davis were
to come here to-morrow and agree to take the
oaths of office, would he admit him to a seat 1
And yet that is the way this resolution reads:
"is again entitled to be represented by Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress, duly
elected and qualified, upon t-neir taking the
oaths of office required by existing laws."
There is no necessity for these words; they
give no force to the law; and I would not tie
up my hands in reference to this question. I
am told there are men elected to these Houses
of Congress who their friends avow are ready to
take the oaths of office, that have been con-
nected with the rebellion.
Mr. CRESWELL. They perjure themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would not allow them
to be here if the testimony satisfied me that
they had been connected with the rebellion,
although they took the oath of office; and 1 do
not wish to be committed by voting for any
such proposition when there is no necessity for
it. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will sus-
tain my motion. There can be no object in
having these words in.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not strike out all after
the word "Congress," at the end of the fifth
line?
Mr. POMEROY. That is my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wantto specify
one particular thing; it looks as if we denied
the others. Let me ask the Senator from Iowa
what object there is in saying that a State is
entitled to representation. Is she not entitled
to other rights?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes. As has been well
observed, what is the object of the whole prop-
osition?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of the whole
proposition is to show that there is a State
government there restored to her proper rela-
tions in the Union; and representation follows.
Mr. GRIMES. The question we have been
investigating all winter is whether there is a
State government there entitled to representa-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whether it is entitled
to representation is not the question I have been
looking at. I have been inquiring whether
there is a State government there at all. It is
not simply as to representation ; it is in reference
to the rights pertaining to a State government.
When you restore the State of Tennessee to her
former proper, practical relations to the Union,
representation follows as a matter of course.
I do not myself like the tille of the resolution
and I shall move to amend it at the proper time.
It is now "A joint resolution declaringTennes-
see again entitled to Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress." I want to declare that
there is a State government in Tennessee which
Congress recognizes as legitimate.
Mr. HOWli. We have struck out that
declaration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we struck that out
because the Senator from Wisconsin and others
voted against the preamble. He and others,
uniting together different sides of the Senate,
voted down the preamble; and that having been
done, it is better, as I think, to take a part of
the House resolution than it is to take the other
naked resolution as we reported it.
Mr. POMEROY. If my amendment shall
prevail, the language remaining in the resolu-
tion will not be subject to the criticism made
by the Senator from Illinois. There is some-
thing in the point suggested by the Senator
39th Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 251.
from Iowa, that we have been seeking repre-
sentation from Tennessee all the session. It is
not entirely satisfactory to say there is a State
government there and stop at that. While we
recognize Tennessee as having a State govern-
ment, I think we ought at least to go so far as
to say that she is entitled to be represented in
Congress by Senators and Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want to say
anything about representation jn the resolu-
tiqp.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There we differ.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears to me that
there is no necessity for either of these amend-
ments. The resolution only declares a rule
of action, and that rule of action is that Ten-
nessee, being entitled again to representation,
her Representatives and Senators are to be ad-
mitted when they come here duly elected and
duly qualified and take the proper oaths. It
leaves the constitutional tribunals of this Gov-
ernment the ultimate power of deciding who
are elected, who are qualified, and who do
take the necessary oaths; and therefore when
a Senator from that State appears here, it is
for us, as in every other case, to decide whether
he personally is qualified to represent that
State; and into that question of- qualification
there enters necessarily the personal element
of hostility or friendship to the Government
which makes it fit that he should associate
with Senators from other States and have a
voice with Senators from other States in the
deliberations of this body. The resolution does
not declare that any particular Senator or Rep-
resentative is to be received ; it only declares
that that State is again practically entitled to
be represented by Senators and by Represent-
atives. What Senators and what Represent-
atives, and how qualified", the resolution leaves
to each House of Congress to decide, under
the Constitution, for itself. Therefore it ap-
pears to me to be perfectly plain that there is
no danger whatever in the resolution as it
stands. It is true, I think, as the Senator
from Illinois says, that tho legal effect of this
resolution would be the same if we simply said
that she was restored to her former practical
relations; but the people of this country, after
this great length of time, want to see some-
thing a little more practical themselves. They
want to see in black and white that the Sena-
tors and Representatives from this State are
to be received, and they want to know practi-
cally and in words that we mean that. Then
do not let us stop on the mere legal effect of
the thing, but state in good round English, as
the House has done, that her Senators and
Representatives, when it appears on proper
investigation that they are loyal and fit to be
received, shall be.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I concur
entirely with the Senator from Vermont in the
view which he takes of the clause that is now
proposed to be stricken out,. The Senator from
Illinois tells us that he does not wish to say
anything about representation in Congress, but
thinks it quite sufficient when the resolution
goes so far as to declare that Tennessee is re-
stored to her former practical and proper rela-
tions with the Union. Undoubtedly if the
resolution stopped there it would imply, of
'Course, the right of Tennessee to send Sen-
ators and Representatives to Congress. But I
choose to go a little further; and I think the
House of Representatives have acted wisely in
declaring in this resolution, by a strong impli-
cation, that the State of Tennessee, in conse-
quence of having gone into the insurrection,
had forfeited her right to send Senators^ and
Representatives to Congress, and that is fairly
the implication from the language, which is
that the State is "again entitled to be repre-
sented. '' I like that language. It corresponds
exactly with my idea of the status of Tennessee
during the rebellion and up to this time. It im-
plies that there was a period in which the State
of Tennessee has not been entitled to send Sen-
ators and Representatives to Congress. That
has been the doctrine upon which Congress has
proceeded all along; it is the doctrine of the
act of 1861 giving to the President authority to
declare certain States and parts of States in
insurrection against the Government It is a
recognition of the clear principle of law; in
other words, that by waging war against the Uni-
ted States in the form of a State organization,
and in a State the majority of whose citizens
have joined in that insurrection, upholding the
insurrectionary government, the State has for-
feited, for the time being at least, all its polit-
ical rights as a State of the Union. If it has so
forfeited them, then whose duty is it to restore
those rights, to remove that forfeiture? The
duty of Congress very plainly, the law-making
power which declared the insurrection to exist.
It is the dnty of Congress to restore those
rights. I therefore shall vote against the
amendment which is offered by the Senator
from Illinois. I wish to see this principle
clearly recognized in our legislation that a war
by a State of the Union against the United
States operates as a forfeiture of its political
rights as a member of the Union, and consti-
tutes it an enemy of tho United States.
During this period of forfeiture, therefore,
Mr. President, the State has no right to send
Representatives or Senators to Congress; and it
is the right and the duty of Congress in the shape
of a general statute to declare when this for-
feiture shall be removed, and by what means
it shall be removed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had she any rights as a
State?
Mr. HOWARD. No rights as a State of
the Union whatever; she was not a State in
the Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Michi-
gan will then allow me to inquire, why specify
one right that she lost when she lost all ?
Mr. HOWARD. I have said already that in
strict, legal construction these words are per-
haps not necessary; but they are cumulative in
their effect, and they serve to carry out plainly
to tho mind of the people the idea which has
governed Congress all along, that there has
been a forfeiture of the right of representation
in the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not carry an
implication that they have forfeited no other
right ?
Mr. HOW/VRD. I think it does not. I
think that%vould be rather a strict and, per-
haps, illiberal construction to place upon the
language. There is no exclusion of one. Tho
language is very plain; the words are "is again
entitled to be represented by Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That includes one thing ;
does it not exclude the others?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir. That is a prin-
ciple which, let me say to the Senator, it is
not safe to carry out in all cases, and a prin-
ciple which does not apply except in particular
cases: inclusio unius est exclusio alterius. It is
rather a dangerous principle of construction.
Here the language is used plainly as explan-
atory and in elucidation of the more general
terms which precede it. That is the only light
in which 1 can view it. I prefer, therefore, to
retain that language.
As to the other objection that the remaining
clause in these words, "duly elected and qual-
ified, upon their taking the oaths of office re-
quired by existing laws," might be eonstiued
as a pledge on the part of Congress that even
Jefferson Davis, if he should be sent here as
a Senator or Representative and should offer
to take tho oaths, would be entitled to take his
seat, I see no force whatever in that objection.
The persons who are to come here under this
statute must be in the first place duly elected;
that is, elected by a Legislature recognized to
be a State Legislature by act of Congress;
secondlj', he must be duly qualified; that is,
he must possess those qualifications required
by the Constitution, and without which his
election is void. . , .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Age and citizenship?
■ Mr. HOWARD. He must have the age and
citizenship required—-
