1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
side of the House who, on the honor of a man
of conscience and integrity, can make himself
believe that this Congress has the right to control
the privileges and immunities of every citizen
of these States, as contemplated in this bill,
without a change in the organic law of the land ?
Now, not only in the Died Scott decision has
it been expressly decided in the Supreme Court
what the true status of the colored race is? but
it was decided early in the history of the coun-
try, in a free State, the State of Pennsylvania,
that although the constitution of that State
allowed every free man to vote, using the word
"freeman," which is not to be found in the
Constitution of the United^ States, yet the su-
preme court of Pennsylvania, then the highest
court in that State, most solemnly and unequiv-
ocally decided that the negro was not included
within the term u freeman," whether he was
free or whether he was a slave, and that under
the clauses of the Constitution of the United
States speaking of "citizens" and "people"
free negroes and slaves were never included
within those terms.
I will refer to the case which I have not pro-
duced before. I will not now read the Dred
Scott decision, because I have read ithere, and
every one in the House is familiar with it. But
I will read from the Pennsylvaniacase of Hogg
vs. Fogg, which is to be found in volume six
of Watts' Reports, page 553.
The judges of election, when a free colored
man, not a slave, offered himself to vote in
Pennsylvania, under the constitution of tho
State which allowed every "freeman" to vote,
refused to receive his vote, and hence this
action was brought on the plea of an invasion
of property. The court says :
"In the first section of the third article it, is de-
clared that ' in elections by the citizens every freeman
of the age of twenty-one years, having resided in the
State two years before the election, and having within
that time paid a State or county tax,' shall enjoy the
rights of an elector.
"Now. the argument of those who assert the claim
of the colored population is, that the negro is a man;
and, when not held to involuntary service, that he is
free; consequently that he is a freeman; anditairee-
man in the common acceptation of the term, then a
freeman in every acceptation of it.
"This pithy and syllogistic sentence comprises the
whole argument, which, how ev er elaboi ated. perpetu-
ally gets back to the point from which it started. The
fallacy of it is its assumption that the term freedom
signifies nothing but exemption from involuntary ser-
vice; and that it has not a legal signification more
specific. The freedom of a municipal corporation or
body-politic, implies fellowship and a participation
of corporate rights; but an inhabitant of an incorpo-
rated place, who is neither servant nor slave, though
bound by its laws, maybe no freeman in respect of
its government. It has, indeed, been affirmed by text
wiiters, that habitance and paying scot and lot, give
an incidental risht to corporate freedom; but the
courts have refused to acknowledge it, even when the
charter seemed to imply it; and. when notdeiived
from proscription or grant, it was deemed a qualifica-
tion merely and not a title. (Wilcox, chap. 3, p. 456.)
Let it not be said that the legal meaning ot the word
freeman is peculiar to Biiti^li corporations, and that
we have it not in the charters and constitutions of
Pennsylvania.'' *
"But in addition to interpretation from usaee.this
antecedent legislation furnishes other proofs that no
colored race was party to our social compact, as was
justly remarked by President h ox, in the matter of the
late conies ted election, our anccstois settled the prov-
ince as a community of white men; and the blacks
were introduced into it as a race of slaves; where an
■unconquerable prejudice of caste, which has come
down to our day, insomuch tlint a suspicion of taint
still has the unjust effect of sinking the subject of it
below the common level. Consistently with this preju-
dice, is it to bd ci edited that parity of rank would be
allowed to such a race? Lot rbe question be answered
by the statute of 172ti, which denominated it an idle
and aslothtul people; which directed the magistrates
to bind out free negroes for laziness or vagrancy;
which forbade them to harbor Indian or mulatto
slaves, on pain ofpunWnnent byline, or to deal with
ncgio slaves, on pain of stripes, which anncxedto the
interdict of marriage with a white the penalty of re-
duction to slavery; which punished themfortippling,
with stripes, and even a white person with servitude
foi intermarriage with a negro. If freemen, in apo-
litical sense, were subjects of these cruel and degrad-
ing oppressions, what mast have been the lot of their
brethren in bondage. It is also true, that degrading
conditions were so'metimes aligned to white men,
but never as members of a caste. Insolvent debtors,
to indicate the worst of theiu, were compelled to make
satisfactionbvservitude; but that was borrowed from
a kindred and still less rational principle of the com-
mon law. This act of 1733, however, remained m
force till it was repealed by the emancipating act of
1780, and it is irrational to bulieve that the progress
of liberal sentiments was so rapid in the next ten
years as to produce a determination in the conven-
3!)tii Coxa. 1st —No. 71.
tion of 1790, to raise this depressed race to the level
of the white one. If such were its purpose,it isstrange
that the word chosen to effectit should have been the
very one chosen by the convention of 1776, to desig-
nate a white elector, 4 every freeman,' it is said, chap-
ter two, section six,4 of the fall age of twenty-one
years, having resided in this State for a space of one
whole yearbefore the day of election, and paid taxes
during that time, shall enjoy the rights of an elector.'"
"I have thought it fair to treat the question as it
stands affected by our municipal regulations without
illustrations from those of other States, where the
condition of the race has been still less favored. Yet
it is properto say that thesecond section of 'he fourth
article of tho Federal Constitution, prevents an ob-
stacle to the political freedom of the negro, which
seems to be inseparable. It istobe remembered that
citizenship as well as freedom is a constitution al qual-
ification; and how it could be conferred so_as to over-
hear the laws imposing countless disabilities on him
in other States, is a problem of difficult solution. In
this aspect thequestion becomes one, not of intuition,
but of power; and of power so doubtful as to for-
bid the exercisc of it. Kvery man must lament the
necessity of these disabilities; but slavery is to be
dealt with by those whose existence depends on the
skill with which it is treated. Considerations of mere
humanity, however, belong to a el a.--: with which, as
judges, we have nothing to do, and, interpreting the
Constitution in the spirit of our institutions, we are
bound to pronounce that men of color are destitute
of title to the elective iranchise."
I want this question answered. Has Con-
gress the power to enter the domain of a State,
and destroy its police regulations witli regard
to tlie punishment inflicted upon negroes? For
instance, the State of Kentucky, provides "by
law that if a negro man commits a rape upon
a white woman, he shall be punished by death;
but a white man committing a rape upon a whi te
woman is to be punished by imprisonment.
And in the State of Indiana, by the organic
law of the State, by the solemn enactment of
the highest authority of the State of Indiana,
it is declared that no negro or mulatto shall
come into the State and purchase and hold real
or personal property. The laws of nearly all
the States prohibit a colored man from marry-
ing a white woman.
Tn the State of Pennsylvania there is a dis-
crimination made between the schools for white
children and the schools for black. The laws
there provide that certain schools shall be set
apart for black persons, and certain schools
shall be set apart for white persons. jSTow, it'
this Congress has a right, by such a bill as this,
to enter the sovereign domain of a State and
interfere with these statutes and the local regu-
lations of a State, then, by parity of reasoning,
it has a right to enter the domain of that Stare,
and inflict upon the people there, without their
consent, the right of the negro to enjoy the
elective franchise to the same extent that it is
accorded to the white men in that Stale, because
there is nothing in the letter of the Constitu-
tion which gives this authority to Congress;
nor is there anything in the letter of the Con-
stitution which gives authority to Congress to
regulate the electhe franchise in a Stale : and
as the Constitution is equally silent with respect
to each of these great rights, it follows, a for-
tiori, that if Congress has the r'ylu to enter the
domain of a State by such a bill as this, it has
the right to enter a State for the purpose of
extending the elective franchise to colored men,
or of restricting the exercise of that right by
white men.
Sir, this bill is broad and dangerous in the
powers which it proposes to exercise. It is
nothing but a relic of the Freedmcn's Bureau
bill, which was vetoed by the President of the
United States ; and it strikes me that the ob-
ject in attempting now to carry this bill through
Congress is merely to compel that high func-
tionary, that noble, honest, Constitution-lov-
ing man, the President ot the United States, to
put his veto upon it because it violates the
wisdom of our fathers, and aims a blow at
those principles of American liberty for the
vindication of which tliey fought against the
tyranny of King George of England.
I am ready to join in the passage of an) law
for the protection of every citizen of the United
States, provided such law comes within the con-
stitutional power and legitimate jurisdiction of
the Federal G overnment. But when ap attempt
is made to tear tiov, n those solid bulwarks of
constitutional liberty which were erected by our
fathers, I, as a representative of New Jersey,
one of the old Thirteen, am hero to protest
against the consolidation of power in the Fed-
eral Government.
Why, sir, let mo state a ease which may arise
under the operations of this bill. Suppose that
before a judge in tho State of Delaware a negro
should offer himself as a witness. The judge
is bound to decide that a negro is not a com-
petent witness, because the law of the State of
Delaware has expressly excluded the negro
from giving testimony. Yet, if that judge should
conscientiously believe this bill to be unconsti-
tutional, and should, in accordance with the
law of his State, decide that that negro is not
entitled to be a witness, he is liable, under this
bill, to be prosecuted, and indigted as a crim-
inal, and sentenced to be incarcerated in the
State prison, and fined in the sum of §1,000,
simply for administering the law of his own
State according to his judgment and conscience
and oath of office. As a white man is by law
authorized to mairy a white woman, so does
this bill compel the State to grant to the negro
the same right of marrying a white woman ; and
the judge who should declare the marriage void,
in pursuance of the law of his State, is liable
to be indicted, imprisoned, and fined.
I do not wish to misrepresent any of the pro-
visions of this bill. Let members calmly ex-
amine for a moment the second section of the
bill, and see whether it is not justly liable to
the objections which I urge—whether it is not
violative of those great principles which define
the boundaries of State jurisdiction and protect
it from the encroachments of Federal power.
1 will read the second section, and in view of
its provisions, I ask the House to consider the
consequences which must necessarily result
from the passage of this bill. That scction
pnnides—
That any person who under color of any law, stat-
ute, oidhiance, legal.ition, orci^iotn, shall subject or
cause to be subjected nny inhalntsnt of any State or
Teriitory to the deprivation of any right secured or
protected by this act, or to ditlcrent punishment,
pains, or penalties- on account of t-ie-h person having
at any time been held in a condition of slavery or in-
voluntary servitude, except as apunis-hmcntfor crime
whereof the pait.\ ^hall have been duly convicted, or
by reason of his color or race—
Ilere is the trouble —
tlnm is prescribed for the punishment of white per-
sons, shiill lie deemed guilty of n misdemeanor, and
on conviction shall be punished by fine not exceed-
ing ^1,U00, or imprisonment not exceeding one year,
or both, m the discretion of the court.
I defy gentlemen on tho other side of tho
House to deny the proposition J now lay down.
1 f the statutes of the State of Kentucky pro-
vide that the punishment of death shall be in-
flicted upon a negro who shall commit a rape
upon a white woman, which is not imposed
upon a white man for the same ofl'ense, this bill
will prevent the execution of such a law, for
the second section of this bill provides that any
person who, under color of any law, statute,
ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall subject
or cause to be subjected any inhabitant of any
State or Territory to the deprivation of any
right secured or protected by this act, orto differ-
ent punishment, pains, or penalties on account
of such person having at any time been held in
a condition of slavery or involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for crime whereof the
party shall have been duly convicted, or bv
reason of his color or race, than is prescribed
for the punishment of white persons, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on con-
viction shall be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing SI.000, or imprisonment not exceeding one
year, or both, in the discretion ol the court.
I hope the honorable gentlemen on this sido
of the House will not allow so odious a bin as
this to pass without at least raising Ineir voices
against it. This act of legislation would aestioy
the foundations of the Government asihov were
laid and established by our fathers, who re-
served to the States certain ynalcctes and im-
munities which ought sacredly to be preserved
to them.
I go further, and say if we have a constitn-
