2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
slaves they were treated as part of their house-
hold, with kindness and affection; and the
exceptions to this treatment were not more
numerous than were to be found in the rela-
tion of parent and child, or husband and wife.
Give them time to adapt themselves to this
sudden and complete revolution in their affairs.
Give some heed to the following truthful sug-
gestions of President Johnson in liis objections
to the civil rights bill:
"The white race and the black race of the South
have hitherto lived together under the relation of
master and slave—capital owning labor. Now, sud-
denly, that relation is changed, and. as to ownership,
capital and laborare divorced. They stand now each
master of itself. In this new relation, one being
necessary to the other, there will be a new adjustment,
which both are equally interested in making harmo-
nious. Each has equal power in settling the terms,
and, if left to the laws that regulate capital and
labor, it is confidently believed that they will satis-
factorily work out the problem."
But the saddest feature of all this scene is
the vindictive spirit which gentlemen manifest
in everything that relates to the unhappy South.
Have we had introduced here any measures for
the relief of that sorely stricken land? Have
gentlemen applied themselves to heal the rav-
age? of war and encourage a defeated, humil-
iated people to resume their former position
and contribute, as before, their share to the
national greatness and wealth? Alas! no.
But what instead do we see? The carnival of
death has ceased, but gentlemen are not willing
yet to be cheated of their prey, and they carry
on the war in another shape. Instead of shot
and shell these valiant warriors now fire at them
such acts of Congress as the Freemen's Bureau
and civil rights bills: and when they think they
have driven the iron still deeper into the soul,
added another pang to the tortures already
inflicted, their exultation, a3 exhibited here a
few da3~s since, marks the intense malignity of
their hate.
Surely the war that is past has been punish-
ment enough for the people of the South. It
ought to satisfy the keenest thirst for venge-
ance, that their whole land has been swept
with the '"besom of destruction." that every
house i? filled with mourning, and every hill-
side and valley shows the blackened ruins of a
once happy home. Let us cease this unmanly
warfare. The work before us requires some
of the same spirit that animated our forefathers
■—the spirit of kindness and conciliation. Let
us apply ourselves now to the work of cement-
ing wi> brotherly love the fragments of a
broken Union. While, in the providence of
God it may have been necessary that sectional
hate and fanaticism should have nerved the
arm that struck for victory, they have no office
to perform in the duties of the present hour.
Mr. PERHAM. Duringfourlongandbloody
years the people of this country have struggled
for national life and the vindication of the
imperishable truths of the Declaration of In-
dependence. Nearly half a million of newly
made graves, the lamentations of mourning
mothers, widows, and orphans, the presence
of maimed and battle-scarred soldiers in the
streets, and a debt of enormous proportions
attest to the fierceness of the coullict. But
thanks to our noble officers and men who, in
the hour of danger, left the endearments of
home and kindred, and, baring their breasts to
the storm of battle, triumphantly bore our flag
on a thousand battle-fields, until the weapons
of treason weie shattered in the hands of their
supporters, and the supremacy of the national
authority established throughout our entire
jurisdiction. A grateful nation v. ill do honor
to it-s living heroes, and the people will make
pilgrimages of love aud affection to the graves
of the slain.
_ The old ship of state which our fathers,
eighty years ago, built according to the best
model of that day, and freighted with the fond-
est hope= of the world, has recently encoun-
tered a terrible ^torm. During its severe trial
it ha" braved 'he winds and billows, at, times
appearing almost ingulfed in the angry surges,
then proudly rising in her majesty, the admi-
ration of her friends and the envy of her ene-
mies, she outrode the storm and anchored in
the peaceful waters. All this unparalleled trial
could but reveal whatever defect existed in the
material or construction. Some timbers have
been parte-d, some holes in the bottom and
sides have been made, into which the waters
have for some time been rushing, requiring a
portion of the crew constantly at the pumps.
These holes must be stopped up; some slight
repairs to the old ship must be made for her
own safety and that of the passengers and crew.
We have also exchanged a portion of the freight
for an increased number of passengers in the
shape of citizens of African descent. Some
portion of the vessel heretofore used for the
storage of freight must now be appropriated
for the accommodation of these additional pas-
sengers. Their comfort and well-being must
be provided for. They cannot be disposed'of
as you would store away bags and barrels and
boxes. Such reconstruction must take place
as will best secure the rights, comfort, happi-
ness, and harmony of all on board. And it is
absurd to object to these necessary and indis-
pensable changes in the fear that the old ship
might not be recognized.
We have been sent here by our constituents,
charged with the important duty of reconstruct-
ing this Union in accordance with the enlight-
ened and progressive spirit of the age, and Tin
the basis of complete and impartial justice.
They bid us ask nothing more, and charge us,
by all the sacredness of our obligations, to
accept nothing less. They send us here with
no vindictive spirit. The horrors of Fort Pil-
low and Andersonville have inspired no feel-
ings of revenge. They justly feel themselves
masters of the situation, and will not stoop to
exult over a fallen foe. While they demand
that "treason shall be made odious,'' and that
ample guarantees shall be given against the
recurrence of another rebellion, they are will-
ing to accept the least possible amount of pun-
ishment and concession that will secure these
results. In this spirit I address myself to the
discussion of the important questions arising
from the present condition of the States recently
in rebellion, and whether they are in a suitable
condition to be entitled to representation in
Congress and intrusted with all the rights and
powers of loyal States.
Much has been said and written upon this
subject, and the theories are about as numer-
ous as the people who advocate them. But.
for our purpose, it is of but little importance
whether we regard these States as dead, accord-
ing to the theory of some members of Congress,
or their functions suspended, as the President
declares. In any view of this subject these
great practical facts remain. In that portion
of the South recently in rebellion there is ter-
ritory, limited and defined by State lines, within
the jurisdiction and subject to the control of
"the United States. And there are people, cit-
izens of the United States and owing alle-
giance thereto, but without State governments
and without any power of themselves to create
them. Theorize as we may on this subject, this
is the common ground to which we must all
come.
The President recognized this principle when
he prescribed the manner in which these States
are to be reorganized. If they are States in the
Union now that the military power of the rebel-
lion has been destroyed, entitled to the rights
of loyal States, by what authority has the Pres-
ident exercised, practically, their judicial, ex-
ecutive, and legislative powers? By what au-
thority lias he appointed provisional governors,
authorized conventions to form constitutions,
prescribed the qualifications of voters for dele-
gates to such conventions, and declared what
the constitutions when formed should be, and
exercised numerous other powers which he
could not exercise in the loyal States?
Finding these States, then, at the close of the
war without State governments and without
power of themselves to create governments, it
becomes out duty, in accordance with that pro-
vision of the Constitution which makes it the
duty of "theUnited State3 to guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of
government,'' to provide for the establishment
of State governments that shall correspond
with the spirit of this and the other provisions
of the Constitution, and to guaranty in the
strongest possible manner the perpetuity of
such form of government. This is just what
we have been trying to do for the last five years,
but with partial success.
It is the duty of the United States, not only
to see that new States to be admitted have such
governments, but to "guaranty a republican
form of government" in the old States as well.
It makes no difference whether the rebellious
States are dead or living; the duty of the Uni-
ted States is the same. It is just as much our
duty to see that the government of a State con-
tinues republican in form as to require it as a
condition of admission. Now, what is a "'re-
publican form of government?'' It is one in
which the republican principle is fully recog-
nized ; in the common acceptation oftlie term, it
is a government by the people, one in which the
rights of all the citizens are equally respected.
Can we guaranty a republican form of govern-
ment in the States recently in rebellion bv pur-
suing the policy heretofore adopted? The Pres-
ident, on his accession to the Presidency, with
i 'the best of intentions, as we are bound to be-
! licve, inaugurated a policy which he declared
| to be an experiment, to lie modified or aban-
doned whenever it should become necessary.
He has been more than generous toward the
late rebels, pardoning them, restoring to them
their property, giving them in many instances
the entire control of new State governments,
doing everything that it is possible for man to
do, in the way of kindness, to gain their con-
fidence and good will and secure a compliance
with the requirements of good citizenship. But
have these acts been reciprocated? Instead of
growing better and more loyal under the Pres-
ident's policy, they have grown worse and more
disloyal. Instead of accepting in good faith the
results of the war, they openly declare that they
are only subdued for the time being, and they
will now rely on their influence inside the or-
ganization of the Government to accomplish
what they have failed to do outside by the bul-
let. Their policy is to render it so uncomfort-
able and hazardous for loyal men to live among
them as to compel them to leave. Many hun-
dreds of northern men who have made invest-
ments and attempted to make themselves homes
in these States have been driven away. Others
have been murdered in cold blood as a warning
to all northern men who should attempt to set-
tle in the South. Officers charged with the
execution of the laws have been intimidated by
threats of violence, and brutally murdered for
a faittful discharge of duty.
In Kentucky the courts hold that officers and
men who have been in the Union Army are
personally responsible for arrests made and
property taken during the war by order of their
superiors. Many have been imprisoned, and
actions are now pending against thirty-five
hundred more in pursuance of this ruling of
the courts ; while officers and men who hare
been in the rebel army are b}- the same courts
| exempted from such' liability because of their
rights as belligerents. This is but foreshadow-
ing what will take place in all the seceded
States as soon as the military force shall be
withdrawn.
Governor Brownlow, of Tennessee, who did
more, perhaps, than any other man to secure
the nomination of Andrew Johnson at Balti-
more, in a recent address said :
" You may think it a little grange that I give such
counsel. I do it because if General Thomu< were to
take away his soldiers and pull tip stakes- nn<l leavo
here, 5'ou would not be allowed to occupy this school-
room a week; and li General Thomas aud his m;l-
itaiy forces were to go away audleave us. thN Legis-
lature, at the head of which 1 am placed, would he
bioken up by a mob in forty-eight hours."
On the 8th of March, 1800, he wrote to a
member of this House a letter, from which I
make some extracts. He says :
"Since pardons have been so multiplied, and no
man has been punished, they have everywhere be-
come impudent and defiant, until in most counties m
