1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
tional right to pass it, then Congress is author-
ized to'cxercise sovereign power and domain
in the States in regard to the elective franchise;
and that under it Congress may provide that a
negro may go to the ballot-box and exercise
the saise political right of suffrage as is exer-
cised by white men in all the States of the
Union. The bill provides that—
There shall be no discrimination in civil rights or
immunities amona the inhabitants of any Slate or
Territory of the United States on account of racc,
color, or previous condition of slavery; but the in-
habitants, of every racc and color, without regard to
any previous condition of slavery or involuntary ser-
vitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof line
party shall have been <lulv convicted, shall have the
same right to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be
parties, andgi\ e ovidenco, to inherit, purchase, lease,
sell, hold, and convey mil and personal properly, and
to full and equal benefit of nil laws and proceedings
for the security of person and property, and shall be
subject to like punishment, pains, and penalties, and
tonone other, any law,statute, ordinance, regulation,
or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.
What broader words than privileges and im-
munities are to be found in the dictionary?
What right do we exercise under the Consti-
tution, including that of the right of suffrage,
that under this language Congress may not
grant to the negro V The right of suffrage is
not a natural right. It is a civil right. Il is a
right derived from the Government and niuni-
cip;ft law, as laid down in the organism of a
State, and to extend to such persons as it may
see lit.
There are only two kinds of right: one is
that which a man acquires from (he civil mu-
nicipal hues. There is another right which
Cod give-; us. ihe right of self-defense, the right
to protect, our lives from invasion hy other*.
There are no oilier rights hut the rights of na-
ture ami the great civil rights, the privileges
and immunities created and granted to citizens
of a country hy virtue of the sovereign power
under which the citizen lives.
All the rights lhal we enjoy, except our natu-
ral righls, are derived from Government. There-
fore, there are really but two kinds of rights,
natural rights and civil righls. This bill, then,
would prevent a Slate from refusing negro suf-
frage under the broad acceptation of the term
"civil rights or immunities.'* In fact, it has
been decided by the circuit court of the United
States, in the cast* of Corliehl r.s\ Coryell, t
Washington's Circuit. Court Reports, pages oSO
ami : KI, that the elective franchise is included
in the words privileges and immunities. The
court say:
" TI'O inijuiry i^whnt aro tiic privileges and im-
munities ui citizen* in the scveial States?"
The court then goon to name the partieuhirs,
and include the elect ive franchise a mong them.
1 have anolher question In put to gentlemen
on the other side. I ask the learned ehairman
of the committee, [Mr. Wn.sov, of iowa, | a
man for whom L have as high a respect as any
man in this House, believiitg him to be honest
and sincere in reference to the positions which
lie assumes upon this floor, could Congress,
before slavery was abolished in the country,
have passed a law making all the free negroes
of the States citizens with all the rights of white
citizens, in defiance of the laws or police regu-
lations of a State? Could Conirress twenty
years ago have parsed an act providing that
the negroes in Virginia, in South Carolina, in
Delaware, in New Jersey, and in all the other
States of this Cnion, .should have all the priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens of the se\ era!
Sra'es? Could Ihey ha\e passed a law pro-
hibiting a Slate from passing laws, as many did,
that tiie testimony of a negro should not be
taken against a white man? Could they have
passed a law annulling, for instance, the con-
stitution of Indiana, which prohibits a negro
from settling or owning property in that State,
or the law of Illinois which prohibited a negro
from coming within the limits of thai State?
Could Congress twenty years ago have passed
a law annulling all those laws and setting at
defiance the jurisdiction and powers of the
Stales? Could il have passed a law repealmg
the statute of a State which made it penal for
a negro to many a white person? Could it
have repealed all the laws of all'the States which
made a distinction between colored people and
white, which existed in the laws of every State
twenty years ago? Could it have legislated for
free negroes in the States then? If it had no
constitutional power then it has none now.
If you had attempted to do it in the days of
those who were living at the time the Consti-
tution was made, after the birth of that noble
instrument, the spirit of the heroes of the Rev-
olution and the ghosts of the departed who laid
down their lives in defense of the liberty of
this country and of the rights of the States,
would have come forth as witnesses against
the deadly infliction and the destruction of the
fundamental principle of the sovereignty of the
States in violation of the Constitution and the
breaking down of the ties that bind the States,
and the violation of the rights and liberties of
the white men and white women of America.
Mr. FA KNSWORTH. If the gentleman will
allow me. Several times it has been asserted
upon this door that the State of Illinois has on
her statute-book laws preventing free negroes
from coming into the State.
Mr. IiOUlOUS. There has been such a law,
and its constitution still authorizes such a law.
Mr. FA KNSWO LiTII. 1 want now forever
to deny that slander. That old relic of bai bar-
ism has been wiped out.
Mr. UOOEWS. Was it not once in exist-
ence?
Mr. FAliNSWORTII. Why, certainly.
Mr. WOCrKUK. That does not alter the paiity
of reasoning. 1 merely instanced the State of
Illinois as an illustration of my argument, to
show (hat there is no constitutional authority in
the Federal Government to enter the domain of
a State for I lie purpose contemplated in this act.
Now, sir, il will not be denied, or at least il
cannot be successfully denied, that negroes are
not citizens of this country, for the simple rea-
son that the common law is not in force under
the Constitution of the United States. The
whole of the principles which govern the action
of the Federal Government are contained in the
(•onstitut.ion ; and none of the principles of the
common law, as laid down by Blackstone or
any other author on common law, can have any
weight or homing on the important subject of
lights and powers under the Constitution.
1 know that one of the chief justices of the
king's bench declared a hundred years ago that
no negro eon hi set his foot on British soil without
being five by the common law. But our fathers
enacted a law for the government of the nation
under J ho power given to it by the States, which
is (unbodied in the Constitution of the United
Slates, which is the only law and sovereign
power which can control and regulate the gen-
eral legislation upon this or any other subject.
Now, sir, ifyou pass this bill you will allow
the negroes of this country to compete for the
high olliee of President, of the United Stales.
Because if they are citizens at all, they come
within the moaning and letter of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which allows all nat-
ural bom citizens to become candidates for the
Presidency, aud to exercise, the duties of that
olltce jf elected.
A MnMUKR. Are yon afraid of that?
Mr. ROGKRS. [ am afraid of degrading
[ this Government. 1 am afraid of danger to
j constitutional liberty. I am alarmed at the
t stupendous strides which this Congress is try-
| mg to initiate. And I appeal in behalf Df my
I country, in behalf of those that arc to come
! after us, of generations yet unborn, as well as
j those now living, that conservative men on the
! other side should rally to the standard of sov-
| ereigu and independent States, and blot out
j this idea which is inculcating itself here, that
j all the powers of the States must be taken
' away aud the power of the Czar of Russia or
; of the Emperor of France must be lodged in
i the Federal Government.
i Sir, v here is the civilized country on the
jl face of the earth lhal gives to the negro the
!< light to hold the, highest otKce within the gift
j. of the sovereign people, or any other office ?
il Mr. (-HI IN NELL. Liberia.
Mr. ROGERS. That is a nation of barba-
rians, of heathens, and cannibals, like the na-
tions of Africa. Savages from the coast of
Africa were brought here by Englishmen and
sold to the colonists for mere speculation. I
am sorry that the negro was ever enslaved. I
am sorry that they are among us. But since
they are here I am not in favor of extending to
them more privileges than we are authorized
to extend to such people under the Federal
Constitution.
Now, sir, there are other decisions to which
I will call the attention of the House. In the
case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, in the Supreme
Court of the United States, (9Wheaton, page
203,) in speaking of the powers of a State, the
court says:
"They form a portion of that immense mass of legis-
lation which cmbntces everything within the territory
of a State not surrendered to the General Govern-
ment. all which can be most advantageously exer-
cised by the States themselves, inspection daws,
quarantine laws, health laws of every description, as
well as law^for regulating the internal commerce of
a State, and those which respect turnpike roads^fer-
ries, <te., are component parts of this moss. No direct
general power over these subjects is granted to Con-
gress. and consequently they remain subject to Stato
legislation. If the legislative power ofthc Unioncan
reach them it must be fornational purposes; it must
bo where the power is expressly given for a special
purpose, or is clearly incidental to some power which,
is expressly given."
Now, the eighth section of the first article
of the Federal Constitution defines the powers
that the States intended to delegate to the Fed-
eral head. If the States had intended to dele-
gate to the Federal head unlimited powers they
would not have made any specifications of the
particular powers, and nowhere under the
powers laid down can you tind any authority in
the Federal head to control or regulate the
internal or domestic affairs of any State.
hi the ease of Albert vs. Ihvyley, (0 Picker-
ing, pages 1)2 and W>,) Chief Justice Parker, in
delivering the opinion of the court, in speak-
ing of the clause in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which declares the citizens of each
State shall be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States,
says:
"Tho constitutional provision referred to is neces-
sarily limited and qualified, for it cannot bo pre-
tended that a citizen ot Rhode Island coming into
this Stato to live is, ipso facto, entitled to tho full
privileges of a citizen, if any term of residence is pre-
scribed as preliminary to the exorcise of political or
municipal rights. The several States then remain
sovereign to some purposes, and foreign to each other,
os befoie the adoption of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and especially in regard to the adminis-
tration of justice, and in the regulation of property
ami estates, tho law* of marriage and di\oree, and
the protection of the persons of thuse who live under
their jurisdiction."
Who will pretend that there is any authority
under the organic law of this country to pass
such a law as this in the face of the decision of
Chief .Justice Parker, of Massachusetts, one of
the ablest judges that ever sat on the bench of
that State.
Sir, the supreme court of Maryland, in the
case of Campbell vs. Morris (;3 Harris &
McKenry's Reports, page 554) decide:
" All powers, jurisdiction, and rights of sovereignty
not granted by the people by that instrument, or re-
linquished, are still retained by them in their several
States, and in their respective State Legislatures, ac-
coiding to their forms of government. Uniformity of
laws in the States is contemplated hy tho General
Government only in two ca<es—on the subject of bank-
ruptcies and naturalization. The legislative powers
of Congress are particularly defined in the eighth sec-
tion of the first article. Those powcis do notinter-
lere with or abridge the power of the States to inSke
laws and regulations, the operation of which is con-
fined to tho State."
Sir, do not these decisions most clearly sus-
tain the argument which I am making here, and
will you not take as authority the law as ad-
ministered by the sworn judges of the highest
courts of the country when they are under the
solemn obligations of an oath, aud when party
strifes had not risen to that high pitch to which
they have now gone? I ask you to stand by the
law of the country and to regulate these Fed- •
eral and State systems upon the grand prin- ,
ciplcs upon which they were intended to be "
regulated, that we may hand down to those ^
who are to come after us this bright jewel of s
civil liberty unimpaired; and I say that the „
