58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
proposition "to be, that when we adjourn to-day
we adjourn to meet on the 9th of January.
The SPEAKER. That is the original prop-
osition.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say that we may
as well at once vote to-inelude all of the holi-
days and be done with ihem. I am for the 9th
of January, which will include the 8th of Jan-
uary, a day much thought of in my section of
the country, and generally celebrated in the
right way. I prefer to take in all the holidays
at once, and thus leave gentlemen who live at
a great distance from the capital to spend the
holidays at home.
Mr. RADFOBD. You might as well in-
clude the 4th of July.
Mr. JOHNSON. They do not know any-
thing in New York of the 4th of July ; it is
"played out."
Those of us who live within twelve hours'
ride of the capital do not consider it material
whether we take two or three little adjourn-
ments, or take them altogether. I prefer_ to
favor those who live at a distance by taking
all of the holidays at once. •#
Mr. FARNS"VV01WH. For the same rea-
son we ought to include the 22d of February.
For my own part-1 am for voting now and ad-
journing next summer. It is said there is
nothing to do now; but, sir, we have just as
much to do now as we will when we come
back from the holidays. No business will 1)0
digested during the holidays: the Houses will
not be in session : committees will not meet;
members will not be here ; and no reports will
be ready then any more than they are now.
"VVe will get together after several weeks' ab-
sence in the same condition as when we ad-
journed. and we will have lost two or three
weeks of the healthiest and best season for
work. The result will be that we will lie swel-
tering here during the months of J uly and Au-
gust, with every prospect that we will be vis-
ited in spring by a deadly epidemic which has
already visited Asia and Europe.
It seems to me that it is folly on the part of
Congress to adjourn now. Why not continue
our session, and adjourn over Christmas and
New Year's day, or several days for the holi-
days'? We can adjourn again on the 8tli of
January. Why not continue our sessions and
work during the healthy season of the year,
when we arc vigorous and in good condition,
rather than to slay hero and swelter during the
month of August. 1 have never been here a
Jong session lmt that the members toward the
adjournment have regretted the adjournment
over the holidays, and that they had not staid
here and worked. 1 should like to get an ex-
pression of the members who think with me—
who are in favor of working now and adjourn-
ing early.
Mr. SPALDING-. I am opposed to this
whole practice of adjourning over the holidays
and consuming some two or three weeks of val-
uable time. When I eame here. 1 came prepared
to spend the session of Congress and to do the
work intrusted to u=i, but I am willing to accom-
modate my western friends who came with the
expectation of returning to visit their friends
during the holidays. I am willing to vote for a
reasonable time. The sense of the committee
of which 1 am a membei "a us taken this morn-
ing, and we agreed to vote for an adjournment
of two weeks, from the 21st of December to the
4th of January. That is as long a time as was
ever given, and as long a time as in reason can
bo asked.
I reiterate what has been so well said by the
gentleman from Illinois, that we are losing the
most valuable time for work by adjourning over
two or three weeks now when we can work
every hour and day, whereas when the warm
season begins we shall be sweltering here and
shall regret we did not work when the season
admitted. I hope that, the majority of this
Ilouse will not consent to adjourn for a longer
period than two weeks. I will vote for that;
if it is to exceed that, I will vote against the
whole measure.
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my colleague yield a
moment, th^t I may modify my amendment?
Mr. KELLEY. I will.
Mr. STEVENS. I will modify the amend-
ment, and make it read "that when the House
adjourns on Wednesday, the 20th,'' so that we
need not meet on Thursday. Many members
want to reach home before Sunday, and 1 have
great respect for their scruples. M hile I am
up, I will say that I shall be very sorry if the
House adjourns over from this week or the
beginning of next, for the reason that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are expected, and
indeed are ordered by the rules of the House,
to report the principal appropriation bi Us within
thirty days alter the meeting of Congress. So
far, we have not been able to do anything for
want of the estimates. We are very anxious
to get in those bills before the holidays, and
put ihem on file, in order that members may
examine them. We cannot do that if we
adjourn before next Wednesday.
Mr. KELLEY. If the 8th of January is to
be kept as a holiday, it seems to me we might
as well adjourn to the 9th, as to the 4th. It
comes on Monday, and we might as well ad-
journ until Tuesday as Monday of that week.
But it was not to that point that I rose. I
rose as promptly as I could at the close of the
remarks of my colleague [Mr. Jonxsox] to ask
him for a little information. He told us that
the 4th of July was played out. I wanted to
know where that was (iono, whether it was at
Vicksburg or at Gettysburg.
Mr. JOHNSON. I told the gentleman from
Now York [Mr. Radpotid] the 4th of July
was played out. It was played out at Gettys-
burg. My eolleagne did not help to play it
out.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I now de-
mand the previous question on the propositions
before the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main epiestion ordered to be put.
The first question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilson to the amendment of
Mr. Stevens, and there being, on a division—
ayes 93. noes .">3—
Mr. EARNS WORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PIKE. 1 hope the gentleman will with-
draw that demand, and take the yeas and nays
upon the main proposition.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I will withdraw the
demand.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew it.
Mr. WR!GIIT. I rise to a question of order.
I do not understand how an amendment to an
amendment can be in order when it embraces
the precise proposition of the original resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That would be a good point
of order if the facts were so, but unfortunately
that is not a correct statement of the case. The
original proposition fixed two periods of time,
ono for adjournment, and one for reassembling.
The amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania fixes two different periods of time;
and the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa proposes to change the time of reassem-
bling only as fixed in the amendment of the
gentlenianfromPeiuis jL auia. The Chair there-
fore overrules the point of order.
The yeos and nays were ordered.
The question was put: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 71, not voting
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona. James Jf. Ashley,
"Banks. Buij:cr, Bsxtor, Beaman, Buhvoll, Bhdr.o,
Boutwell, it''.''':'!'. 33randcgce, Jjroiuwell, Brooks,
Uroomall. Si'lnev Clarke, Conkiine, Cook, CuUom,
Dailmg, Bavss, [J, , I)el mo. Doming Deuison,
II i vo>:, Oormeliy, Kcklev, E^Ieston, EUrii'ero, Far-
quhar. Innek, Clofsbrcnner, (Jrider, Crinnell, Aaron
Harding, iiart, Hayes, irliil,Tlobnos,Hotehkiss, Asa-
hul "\V . ilubbai'd. Dernas Hubbard, Hulburd, Jame.,
.M. Humphrey, Inkers')]], Jenekes, Johnson, .juiian,
Kelicy, Kujkendall, Le Blond, Longyear, J.larvin,
-MoCuJlougli, jlclndoe, iJooibead, ,Uyor,~, ZSiblack,
?smhoI.-on, Oirli, Panic, Panei-soii, Pci-ham, Price,
Radford, Alexander 11. Rico, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Sliankhn, Sloan, Siarr, Stillwell, Si rouse. Ta bor, Tay-
lor, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Iilihu B. Washburne,Welker, Wcntwortb, Whaley,
Williams, James E, wilson, and "Winfield—87.
Eliot, lfarnswortn, J! crry, unsworn, jraie, Aunor u.
Harding, Henderson, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, JamesR.Hubbell, James Humphrey, Kas-
«on, Kelso, Kerr, Ketchom, Laflin, Latham, George
V Lawrence, WillianiLawrence.Loan, Lynch, Mar-
shall, McKce, McRuer, Mercur, Morris, Moulton, .
Newell, O'Neill, Phelps, Pike, Plants, feamuel J.
Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond, John H.
Rice, Bitter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Scofield, Sheila-
barger, Sitsreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Ihayer,
John L. Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt van Horn,
Voorhees, Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Windom, and Wright—71.
NOT VOTING—Mesprs. Anderson, Dclos R. Ash-
Icy, Chanler, Culver, Diimont, Garfield, Goodyear,
Harris, Iligby, Hogan, Hooper, Edwin N Hubbell,
Jones, Marston, MeCiurg, Miller, Morrill, Noell,
Pomeroy, Schenek, Thornton, Robert 1. Van Horn,
Stephen E. Wilson, and Woodbridge—2-L
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bilisj reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same, namely:
An act (H. R. No. 24) to amend an act en-
titled ''An act providing for the selection of
jurors to serve in the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbiaand
An act (H. R. No. 23) to prevent the spread
of foreign diseases among the cottle of the Uni-
ted Slates.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr.
Stevens's amendment as amended: and be-
ing put, the said amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I now demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution as
amended, and X hope it will be voted down.
Mr. WASHBUKXE, of Illinois. 1 hope it
will not.
The yeas and nays were ordered-
Mr. llOLLINS moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. FARNSW'ORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question wa* taken, and the House re-
fused to lay the resolution upon the table.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the concurrent resolution as amended : and it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays
07, not voting 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Barkei, Baxter, Bearnan, Balwell, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Bconiwcll, Brook®, Broomall,
Siclnev Clarke, Conklmg, Cook, Cullom, Darling Da-
vr<, I)a\v?on, Dcimn?, Deru.-ion, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dri???, Eekley, Etrelestftn, Ehlridge, Earciuliar, Finek,
Glossbrenner, Grider.Grmnell,Hale,Aaron Harding,
Hart, Ha>es, Hill, Holmes. llotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, James M.
Humphrey, Inerersoll. Jenekes, Johnson, Julian,
Keiiey, Kuykeridall, Le Blond, Loncrycar, Mnrvin,
McCullouarh, Mclndoc, Muorhead, Myers, Newell,
Nibiack. Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Price, Rousseau, Sawyer, Shanklin, Sloan. Starr,
Stevens, Stillwell, fc?irou«e, Tuber, Tavlor, Franeis
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, V?n <iemam,
Burt Van Horn, Elibu B. Wa-hbume. Welker, Wil-
liams. James F. Wilson, Stephen i\ Wilson, Wnificld,
and Woodbridge—00.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley. Ames. Baker, Baldwin, Bon-
iamin, Bergen. Bingham, Biu.kia.nd, Bandy, Header
W. Clarke, Cobb, Davicv. Denies EliuL Pains-worth,
Perry, Gri^wold, Abner 0. Hardin?, Henderson, Ho-
f?an, John 31. Hubbaid, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R.
Hubbell, Jumes Humphrey, Ka^on. KeJso, Kerr,
Kcicham, Ladm, Latham, < u'c V. Lawrence, W il-
liam Lawrence, Loan. Lyn^h. Mar-hall. McClur?,
McKee, MeRuer, Mereur, Morris, Moulton. O'Neill,
PhelpH, PiKe. Plants, Samuel J. Randall, William H.
"Randall, B-iymond, John U. llico, Hitter, itorerf,
Koliin?, Kos?, Srofield, iSheiiabarjrer, Sifu'cavcs,
Smith, ^paldin?, Thayer. John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Yuorliccs, Ward. Warner, Willi.an B. Washburn,
Windom, and Wvicrbf—1>7.
NOT VOTI X(r—Me.^r-. Andeivon, Delo*R.Ashley,
Brnndoffee, Chancer, Cuiver, I>elano, Duuiont. Oar-
hold, (jwodyear, HurrK Iligby. Hooper, Chester J>.
Bubhard, Jonc.s Miav^on, ?LilIcr, Morrill. No oil,
Pomerov, P^anibrd, Alexander II. Kiee. Schenek,
Iiobeit T. A'an Horn, V/cntworth, and haley—25.
So t'ae concurrent resolution was adopted.
Mr. Vv'ASIIIJURNB, of Illinois, moved to
i-peoiihider tlio vote by whielilho resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on Ihe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
