1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet oil Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the Hou^e will not
do that. Let us meet to-morrow and receive
reports of committees. 1 do not care if any-
thing else is done. Perhaps we can go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
waive the motion until we see if we can get
through with the call of committees.
Mr. HARD ING, of Kentucky. I renew the
motion that when the House adjourns it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting papers and testimony relating to
the claims of Philip Epsten and others, recently
investigated by Colonel Nicodemus, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
REFURNISHING THE PRESIDENT'S HOUSE.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill making appropri-
ation for refurnishing and repairing the Presi-
dent' s House; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that by unanimous
consent the rule requiring the bill to be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole be dis-
pensed with, and that it be considered in the
House now. -
No objection was made.
The bill was read. It appropriates $30,000,
or as much thereof as shall be necessary, for
refurnishing the President's House and repair-
ing the same.
Mr. STEVENS. I will simply say that we
have reported the amount which was contained
in the deficiency bill which failed between the
two Houses. They find it absolutely necessary
to have more than the usual amount—which is
$20,000—for the house is now, owing to cir-
cumstances which have occurred, almost totally
unfurnished, and this sum is absolutely neces-
sary. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill.was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engiossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TENSION' APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the united States for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1807.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I will move that this bill
he made the special order in Committee of the
Whole for to-morrow.
Mr. WASIIB URNE, of Illinois. I suppose
this bill is in conformity with the recommenda-
tions of the Secretary of the Interior. If so,
we might as well consider it now as at any other
time.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well. I am desirous
to have the bill passed at once. It is drawn in
accordance with the estimates. I will, there-
fore, withdraw my motion to make it a special
order, and ask that it be considered at the pres-
ent time.
No objection was made.
The bill was read at length. It provides the
following appropriations:
For invalid pensions under various acts,
$500,000. For revolutionary pensions and pen-
sions of widows, children, mothers, and sisters
of soldiers, per acts of March 18,1818; May 15,
1828; June 7, 1832; July!, 1836 ;.July 7,1888;
March 3,1843; July 21 and 20,1848; February
3, 1853; June 3, 1858, and July 14, 1862,
$9,800,000. For Navy pensions of widows,
children, mothers, and sisters, per acts of Au-
gust 11, 1848, and July 14, 1862, $140,000.
The. question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is debate in order now?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] who reported the bill
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give way to my col-
league [Mr. Johnson] if ho desires to make
any remarks upon this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. [ desire to say a few words
upon this subject. I was not aware this bill
was coming before the House at this time. I
certainly have no objection to the passage of
this bill. It is, I presume, a bill making ap-
propriations for the payment of those annuities
and bounties provided for by law. But I desire
to say that 1 am very well satisfied in my own
mind that our pension laws need revision. The
amount now payable to pensioners, under the
law, is too small. Eight dollars a month will
not support and maintain a person who is de-
pendent upon the Go\ cniment bounty. There
is also a class of persons dependent upon the
Government for this bounty who are not, in
my judgment, now provided for by law. Our
examining surgeons throughout the country, I
find, very uniformly recommend, when a party
has lost a limb, a leg. or an arm, that it bo re-
garded as a full disability. Certainly it is a full
disability so far as enabling the party to obtain
for himself a livelihood.
But there is another class of persons who are
still more disabled, certainly more disabled so
far as obtaining a livelihood is concerned. They
actually need and must have the help of others,
even to help tliem to sit at the table. They
are those without arms or without legs, or to-
tally blind, perhaps. Yet those parties can
receive only eight dollars a month, and that is
not enough; they should have more. And I
will take this opportunity of saying that unless
some other gentleman shall move in the matter,
I shall, at the earliest convenient day, intro-
duce a hill which will increase the lower grade
of pensions, giving parties more than eight
dollars a month for what is now called full
disability, and providing for that particular
class of persons who arc unable to take care of
themselves, who are disabled beyond the power
of taking care of themselves. That is all 1
desire to say on the subject at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. The remarks of the gen-
tleman are not quite pertinent, although that is
a matter of no great importance. We are now
making appropriations underthelaw as it stands.
We could not alter the law by a provision of an
appropriation bill. The remarks of the gentle-
man are very well as suggestions to the com-
mittee who have that subject in charge. I will
say to tho gentleman that I am very glad he is
willing, now the war is over, although he was
not quite willing while the war was going on, to
aid those who are the victims of the war. I
shall vote for what he has suggested, to double
the pensions as they now stand; and I shall
also vole to make them payable out of the for-
feited estates of those who have created tlie
necessity for those pensions. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered; which was upon order-
ing the bill to bo engrossed and read a third
time.
The question was taken, and the bill ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and be-
ing engrossed, it was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also mov ed
tliat the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-:
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending June 30,1807.
The bill was read a first and second time.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the special order
for the _12th of January, 180(3, and from day to
day until disposed of, and ordered to be printed.
BRIDGE OVER HUDSON RIVER.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to declare a certain bridge over the
Hudson river a public highway.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I wish to say to my col-
league [Mr. Davis] that, out of courtesy to
him, I have refrained from objecting to the in-
troduction of this bill; but I deem it proper to
notify him that I shall oppose the passage of
tho measure, as the question is one in which
my constituents feel a deep interest.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
REPORT 01? LIEUTENANT GENERAL GRANT. ■
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported tho following resolution ;
Moiofoed, That fifty thousand extra copies of the
official report of Lieutenant General Grant, without
covers, be printed for theuse of the House; and that
in addition to the above, there he printed of the same
one thousand copies with covers for the use of the
headquarters of the armies of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T think that
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laflin,]
had better make the number a little larger.
This report is very much in demand. It is so
long that the country papers have not been able
to print it at all; and very few of the city pa-
pers outside of New York have printed it. I
would suggest to.tho gentleman to make the
number lilty thousand.
Mr. LiAVLIN. In view of the suggestion of
the gentlemen from Illinois, it is perhaps proper
that I should make an explanation.
The members of the Committee on Printing
are as anxious as any members of this House
to do all credit to the character of this report.
They agree that it is a most important and in-
teresting report; yet they feel that, in reference
to this subject of public printing, they have a
duty to perform which they cannot, neglect. It
is time that we should enter upon a system of
retrenchment; and anxious as we are to pay a
compliment both to the subject and the author
of this report, wo feel that we cannot, at this
time, too much study economy. Wo have in-
vestigated this subject, and we have found that,
in ottering this resolution calling for twenty
thousand copies, we exceed by one hundred
per cent, any demand on the part of the House
for the printing of any document of a similar
character during the past four years. I may
state also that, as appears from a statement of
the Superintendent of Public Printing, every
copy of this report will cost, without covers,
seven cents, ana with covers, ten cents.
We would have been very glad to report in
favor of even the very large number which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiisurxe] at
first proposed—two hundred and fifty thou-
sand, which would have involved an expense
of nearly ^25,000—if the state of our finances
would have permitted it; but, sir, when we
bear in mind that, in no department of the
public service have our expenses increased so
rapidly, and in the judgment of many with so
little reason, as in the department of public
printing, we think it high time for us to stop
and consider whether it is not possible to in-
augurate a more economical system. Let me
say to members of the House that they may pre-
pare themselves to find the Superintendent of
Public Printing, when he shall submit his
report, making an extra requisition of over
$000,000; and the House may have reason to
be gratified if tho expenditures for publicprint-
ing during the past year have not been nearer
§2,000,000 than $1,500,000.
