1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4003
Mr. SHERMAN. The yeas and nays were
not called on the House preamble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I undertake to say it
was voted cm by yeas and nays, and I aslc the
President of the Senate to report the vote on
the distinct House preamble by itself. The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
made (he motion to strike out the House pre-
amble, and we took a distinct vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No vote has been taken
upon this preamble since we adopted the House
resolution. Since that vote was taken, to which
the gentleman refers, we have adopted the
House resolution ; and now the simple ques-
tion is presented as to whether we shall take
the preamble of the House with the House
resolution; that is the question now.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin offered his amendment in Committee
of the Whole, and not in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state, for the information of the Senate,
that in Committee of the Whole it was moved
to strike out the House preamble and insert
the preamble of the Judiciary Committee; that
failed to carry. Afterward it was moved in the
Committee of the Whole by the Senator from
Wisconsin to strike out the House preamble,
which carried.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By yeas and nays.
The PRES1DING OFFICER. By yeas and
nays; and after we came into the Senate it
was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been concurred
in bv the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island to the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois; and upon that
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would prefer, if we
can do it, to have separate votes; and if it is
in my power to do so I will withdraw my amend-
ment, so th.at we may take a direct vote on
agreeing to the House preamble, as the Senator
from Rhode Island proposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can
only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I object.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Very well; let us have
the vote, then, on the House proposition. I
trust the Senate will vote down the House pre-
amble, in order that we may take a direct vote
on the other.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 20, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Creswell, I'MuiumH Foster. Grimes. Harris, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood, Norton, Itiddle,
Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, AYilley, and Wil-
liams—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conncss. Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle, ]?essenden, Guthrie, Howard, Ilowe, Lane,
MeUoussall, Moujan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Poland,
Pomoroy, ltamsey, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Saulsbury, and
Wright—4.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is on the
preamble I offer.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that it be read.
Several Senators. It has been read over
and over again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read, if desired.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire it.
The Secretary read the proposed preamble,
as follows:
Whereas in the year 1861, the government of the
Stnteof Tennessee was seized upon and taken posses-
sion of by persons in hostility to the Dinted States,
and the inhabitants of said State, in pursuance of a®
aetof Congress, weredeclaul to bein a state of insur-
rection against the United States; and whereas said
State government can only bo restored to its former
political relations in the Union bv the consent of the
law-making power of the United States ; nnrt whereas
the people of said State did on the 22d of 1'ebruary,
1805, by a larsre popular vote adopt and ratify a con-
stitution of government whereby slavery was abol-
ished, and all ordinances and laws of secession and
debts contracted under the same were declared void;
and whereas a State government has been organized
under said constitution which hasratified the a-aiend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States abolish-
ing slavery, also the amendment proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and has done other acts pro-
claiming and denoting loyalty: Therefore.
Mr. BROWN. I desire simply to say, in
this connection, that I find nothing in that pre-
amble that will elucidate my vote on the reso-
lution when it comes up, and as I am opposed
to any preamble at all events, I shall vote
against the amendment.
The vote being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Fessenden, Harris, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Bamsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
liams. Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Guthire. Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howe. Johnson, McDougall, Mor-
gan, Nesmith, Norton, Riddle, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Grimes, Sauls-
bury, and Wright—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I propose to amend in
the third and fourth lines as follows: in the
third line strike out the words "is hereby"
and insert "shallbe held;" and in the fourth
line strike out the words "is again;" so as
to read, '' the State of Tennessee shall be held
restored to her former proper, practical rela-
tions to the Union, and entitled to be repre-
sented."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YATES. I offer this as an amendment
to the resolution as it has been amended, to
come in at the end of the fifth line :
Whopossess the qualifications required by the article
of amendment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Tbirty-Ninth Congress to the Legis-
latures of the several States, and have been duly
elected and qualified, upon taking the oaths of office
required by existing laws.
I simply desire to say that this amendment
provides that those who are excluded from
holding office by the proposed amendment to
the Constitution shall not be Senators or Rep-
resentatives, and that Senators and Represent-
atives shall take the oath prescribed by exist-
ing laws. This, as I understand it, meets tlie'
objection of my colleague upon this point. By
the proposed amendment to the Constitution
certain men are excluded from holding office,
those who, having taken an oath to support the
Constitution hereto fore, have violated that oath.
This amendment of mine, that if the Senators
and Representatives from Tennessee possess
the qualifications required by that constitu-
tional amendment, and then also take the oath
of office, they may be admitted as Senators
and Representatives. Very unwillingly did I
consent to strike out of the resolution, whether
it is material or immaterial, the provision that
these Senators and Representatives should be
required to take the oath of office prescribed
by existing laws, because I wish it to be un-
derstood that they must take the test oath,
however disagreeable it may be to them. My
amendment simply provides that they shall
take this oath, and that they shall be men who
are entitled to hold office according to the
amendment to the Constitution which we have
proposed to be adopted by the different States.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that this amend-
ment ought not to be adopted or rejected with-
out consideration. It proposes, as 1 understand,
to make a rule in a proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States which has
not yet been adopted and has no force what-
ever, a rule by which the representation of the
State of Tennessee is to bo governed. In the
second place, that part of the proposed amend-
ment, it seems to me, is entirely useless, because
no person under existing laws can be a Sena-
tor or Representative in Congress without tak-
ing the oath which the law prescribes ; and he
must commit perjury if he takes that oath if he
has been one of the persons designated in this
proposed amendment, that is, one who hasheld
office under the confederate government. It
seems to me that to adopt this amendment at
this time without any consideration as to its
effect would be rather a rash step, and I shall
vote against it.
Mr. HARRIS. I regard these questions that
we are passing upon now as of greater impor-
tance than anything we have had before the Sen-
ate for a long while ; and I am satisfied that we
are not likely to arrive at any wise conclusion
this evening. I think we had better think over
this thing and deliberate upon it. I therefore
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 23.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Yates.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to state that 1
have paired with the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] who has been called out of
the Chamber.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 33, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Chandler, Edmunds, Howard, Lane,
Nye, Pomoroy, Sprague, Wade, and Yates J.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Buckalew, Clarlc,
Coiiness, Cowan, Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, 1 essea-
den, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, Kirkwood, McDougall, Morgan.
Nesmith, Norton,Poland, Ramsey, w-Tw'
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—33. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Johnson, Mor-
rill, Saulsbury, and Wright—6.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to amend as fol-
lows : strike out the preamble and in the first
line all after the word "Senate," and m the
second line all after the words ''United.states
of America," andsubstituteforthe third, fourth,
fifth, sixth, and seventh lines these words:
"that the Senators-elect from the State ol
Tennessee, the honorable Messrs. I owler and
Patterson, be admitted to qualify and take their
seats in the Senate as Senators from that State.
If thus amended, the resolution would read m
thiswise:
Be it resolved b'J the Senate of the United "J„
America, That the Senators-elect from the State ot
Tennessee, the honorable Messrs. P owler and Patter
son, be admitted togualiiy and take their scats in tho
Senate as Senators from that State.
Mr,, TRUMBULL. Is that in order to a
joint resolution?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Die Chair
is of opinion that the amendment cannot be m
order. , ,
Mr. COWAN. I wish to be heard upon that.
The House resolution, although it is called a
joint, resolution, is not a joint resolution. It
it is anything at all it is a concurrent reso u-
tion. A resolution cannot be a joint resolu-
tion or a concurrent resolution merely because
you write at the head of it the word -'joint'
or "concurrent." The resolution takes its
character from the subject-matter of it and the
breadth of its operation. Now, it is perfectly
evident that what we want to get at here is
the admission of Senators and Representatives
from Tennessee. The operation of this joint
resolution, as it is called, can possibly go no
further; it can have no operation outside ot
that. The only conceivable result which will
follow from it will be that Representatives will
be admitted into the other House and Senators
will be admitted here. That is the whole ot it.
Another and more complete test of its con-
current ifature. and not its joint character, is
the fact that if it were proposed to the Presi-
dent for his veto or approval, it would not
make a particle of difference whether he ap-
proved or whether he vetoed it, hopause it u
vetoed it we could proceed immediately to a
all that is contemplated under the resolutioo
the same as though he approved it. His
amounts to nothing oneway or the other. in
fashion of callingthingsjomt resolutions when
you want to present them to the Pres _
when you want to make a point by aslun„ him
r„h h.
