2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
I venture to suggest some of ihe guarantees
which, in my judgment. ivou!(l best secure die
■well-boiiis; and mutual interest both ol the North
and South.
1. The leading intelligent traitors who know-
ingly and willingly went into the rebellion—
those denominated by President .Johnson ''con-
scious traitors"—should be deprived of all
political rights for the present at least, and
until they shall have brought forth fruits meet
for repentance, or the loyal sentiment of the
States shall have become so strong as to render
them powerless for evil. Aside from a few
leaders, who by their oltieial position or infernal
conduct have been the representatives of trea-
son, on whose heads should be visited the
extreme penalty of a violated law as a vindi-
cation of the supremacy of law and order, and
a notice to coming generations that henceforth !
"treason is a crime to be punished and made '
odious," I would allow them to live in the !
country if they desire, and would heap coals j
of tire on their heads by securing to them full
and complete protection of Their persons, and
the enjoyment of the fruits of their labor.
This is all they expected when they laid down
their arms: and. it appears to me. is all a rebel
possessed of common decency would ask. j
Even Lucifer himself never had the presump- j
tion to iii-alt the Almighty by going back after !
the overthrow of his rebellion and asking to [
be permitted to assist in the administration of ;
the government he attempted to destroy, much :
less to claim the privilege as aright. There is |
no evidence that these men love the old Union I
any better now than when they were openly
fighting against it. Their arms have been
broken, but they are defiant still. They may
accept the fact of emancipation, but they still
believe that slavery is the best condition for the
colored race, and it is but reasonable to sup-
pose that as far as possible this idea would, if
they were allowed to govern, be embodied m
law, a;i(l carried out in their intercourse with
the colored people. If I believed slavery to
be right, and the relation of master and slave
the best condition for both"whites and blacks,
I should use mv influence to make the condi-
snear that of
K-rl
tion oi tiie colored population
slavery as possible. and if I dhi;l:eci tne form
of Government under which I live as those
men professed to hate the old Union. I should
not cease my efforts to supplant the hated Gov-
ernment and establish one more in accordance
with my own idea. Xething less than this
could be expected of me. Is it reasonable to
suppose that the recent rebels would do lees'?
Do not the aeti of the Legislatures of many of
these States just quoted answer the question
with alarming signiricanee?
The disloyal leaders who vacated their seats
in this Hall in ltOl. after having spent four
years in an infamous attempt to de.-troy the
Union by force of arms, and in vilifying the
Constitution of our fathers without so much as
proteasing to love the "eld Government" any
be-iter than when fHey were lighting against it,
with the bioeu ;a" t,:;■ handled thousand rnur-
derfd patriot.. -tin unwn-nrd from their hands,
ask to come back into th" Halls of Congress;
and they and some (Hm ; - in hitrh and low places
seem to think it very strange that tli,jy are not
permitted at once to become the guardians of
the institutions they so abhor. Before such
cool allrontery Satan's rebellion i:i heaven
faik into insignificance. They have been here
before and barely violated their oa' '.is and took
advantage of the,r*olj!ciul no irion to overthrow
the Constitution and Go\crn:nent thev had
sworn to protect. They are no better now. and
we should be false to ear high trust to allow
these men to come back again to renact the
scenes of l^ul.
Suppose in this contest the rebels had suc-
ceed! d, the old Government been overthrown,
and the confederate government, based on the
divinity of .-lavc-rv and the right of secession,
had bncoun- a- a'.e.vr.iuieni of this nation, what
ii'ofus h-re? If we had been
v.: n.'ghr have thought our-
lJut suppose the members
Wuul
permit! -u to in
stelves fortunate
of this Congress to have been elected to the
Congress of the neiv government. Our Dem-
ocratic friends on the other side, who have
always sympathized v. ith the rebels in their
treason and now regard them truly loyal, would
hud themselves very much at home, and might
very properly cooperate with the confederate
statesmen and ex rebel generals in the work of
such a Congress. But an unconditional Union
man who hates slavery and treason and loves
liberty could only go there for the purpose of
molding the Government in accordance with bis
own views. Just so will it .be with these ex-
rebels if we admit them to legislate for a Gov-
ernment for which they have no sympathy. It
will be like taking to our bosoms'and warming
into life the scorpion whose sting is death. If
we should err in this matter and keep the States
in question out (or in the position they volun-
tarily assumed) a little longer than is absolutely
necessary, the error can be corrected; but if
they are admitted with treason in the hearts
of the governing classes of the people the evil
may be irreparable. *
J n this view of our duty in regard to the treat-
ment o) leadingtraitors J utter no new declara-
tions. These are the settled convictions of a
large portion of the Union men of the country.
They were the principles boldly advocated by
President Johnson in hisbetter days, before his
head became giddy with power, and southern
iv-bels and northern copperheads led hitn cap-
tive at their will. In the Senate of the United
States. March 2. 1801. he said:
''Show me who has been engaged in these conspir-
acies. who has fired upon'our flag, who has given in- .
structions to take cur lorts and custom-nouses and
arson its and dock-yards, and I will ghow you a tiai- .
tor. Were I President or the United States X would >
do as Thomas Jeliersondid, in 181)6. with Aaron Burr.
I would have them airestcd, and.ii comieted \iithm -
the i>;-- and scone of the Constitution, by the
eternal (jod I would execute them."' j
In a speech made in Xasliville, Tennessee,
June 9, lS-j4, indicating his acceptance of the
nomination made at the Baltimore convention,
i two days before, he said:
[ "Treason must be made odious and traitors must
be punished and impoverished. Their great planta-
tions must be seized, and divided into small farms,
and sold to honest, industrious men. The day Lr
protecting the latul« and negroes of these authors of
rebel Hon is past. It is high time it was."
"But in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall r store and reestablish it ? Shall ihe man
who gave his influence and his means to destroy the
ttovermnent? Is he to participate in the great woik
ot reorganization? Shall he who broughtthis nii-ery
upon the .State be permitted to control its destinies?
, It this be so, then all this precious blood of our brave
; soldiers and officers so freely poured out will ha\ e
i beenwuiito'ily-pillod. All the glorious vietorieswon
, by our noble armies will go for naught, and all the
battle-fieidJ which have been sown with dead heroes
during the rebellion will have been made memorable
, in vain."
! I quote further from the same speech in proof
! of my statement:
j " Why all this carnage and devastation? It was
I that treason might be out down and traitors punished.
; Iheretore I say that traitors should take a back seat
in the work Oi restoration. I say that the traitor has
j cea-ed be a citizen, and in joiolng the rebellion
has become a public enemy. lie forfeited hisriinit
i to vote with loyal men when he renounced his citi-
zen-hip and sought to destioy our Government. "We
! say i'j the ino;t hnnest and industrious fo? elgner who
onus from England or Germany to dwell among us.
: and to audio the wealth o, theoounrry, "Before you
can he a citizen yc.u nm-t stay here for live jeais."
; If we are so cautious a!>out foreigners, who \olun-
! tarlly renounc" their homes to live with ns, what
should v,-o -ay to the traitor, who. although born and
reared mnor.tr a , ha- raised a parri:-idal hand aeair,jt
the (i-ivarnraent hi, h iilwa;. s protected him? My
judgment i< that he "hour! be subjected to a severe
ordeal before he i - restored to citizenship. A fellow
wOo ': - the <>afii merely to ave his i ruperty, and
d"/,h-' the validity of the oath, i* a perjured man,
and no- to be tre-ted. Biiore the-'e repenting rebels
ea,i bvia!'"d, ie; ihem briiur forth thctiuitsol le-
s'C,:a lie '.-'ho helped to make all tia-e widows
and orphans who draped the streets of Xashville in
mourning, mould sulier for his great crime,"
These are precisely the doctrines I advocate
" to-day, and. in the name of the people I repre-
sent, J call upon the President to cooperate
with Congress in giving them practical appli- ,
cation.
2. All the civil and political rights belonging
to citizenship, including the right of suffrage,
should be guarantied to all loyal citizens, irre- i
spcctive of race or color. The loyal men, white
and black, who have always loved the old flag
and were true to it in the dankest, hours, can
now be trusted to aid in the administiation of
the Government.
• ltiglit here it is objected that by placing the
colored people on f,n equality before the lawwith
the whites you will bring about u war of races.
And this cry has been heard from the lowest
groggery in the landup through all the grades of
society to the White House.' • Do not these peo-
ple understand that the measures they propose
are the only measures that can possibly bring
about a war of races in this country? What cre-
ates a war of races ? It is the application of one
law to one race and another to another race in
the same community. It is granting privileges
to one race which you withhold from the other,
thus engendering j ea 1 ousy. hatred, revenge, and
terminating in open hostility. I admit that one
hundred and fifty thousand men, trained to war,
representing four or five million people stung
to madness by the refusal of the Government
to recognize tlieir manhood, would be a dan-
gerous element in any Government. But give
the colored man the common rights that belong
to man, give him an equal opportunity with the
whites, subject, him to the same laws, award to
him the privileges you claim for yourself, bid
; i him God speed in his efforts to raise himself,
'j from his degraded condition, and a war of races
; will be impossible.
| Our fathers gave the right of suffrage to free
|l colored men in nearly all the States in the
'j Union, and without any evil results. The idea
. j that the black man has no rights that white men
are bound to respect is of modern invention.
We have paid dearly for our refusal to do
justice to the colored race. Had we emanci-
pated and enfranchised the colored men when
Mr. Seward declared the "irrepressible con-
flict," secession would have been impossible.
These four years of blood and anguish have
been the fearful punishment for our refusal to
obey the demands of God's eternal justice.
The sins of the fathers as well as our own have
fallgn upon us with terrible consequences, and
are to be visited upon coming generations in
the shape of an enormous debt. And now,
though we have given the colored man—what
we had no right to withhold from him—his lib-
erty. if we tail to give him the common rights
of citizens wo may depend on still further
judgments from Him who made the black men
black, and the white men white, and stamped
upon both His own image.
When M r, Lincoln, on the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1803, proclaimed liberty to the bondmen,
freedom to a race in slavery, and invoked
upon the act "the blessing of God and the
considerate judgment of mankind." he meant
something more than the mere form of free-
dom. That act was intended to carry with it
the common rights of manhood. And when
we called on the black men to assist in saving
our imperiled country, we did not intend to
avail ourselves of his services on the field of
danger and then abandon him to the tender
mercies of his former master, made doubly
malignant because of his efficient aid to the
Union cause. Unless we protect him in his
civil rights his liberty is but a solemn mockery.
The colored man, by rallying to the standard
of. a nation which had given him no rights ex-
cept those of a slave, and bearing aloft our flag
in the thickest of the light, has earned his rights
to all the privileges of a man. And if we deny
him those privileges a God of justice will frown
upon us, and mankind will curse us for our
perfidy.
The practical question presented is, whether
%e will restore the government of the States
recently in rebellion to the loyal or disloyal
men. Will you trust the men who were hunted
down by dogs, plundered of their property,
imprisoned in loathsome dungeons, compelled
to see their wives ami little ones cruelly treated,
exiled fiom their homes, driven to the mount-
ains. to cave-, and rocks, compelled to see their
hival associates shot down like dogs, dragged
to the scaii'old and huug as felons, and sub-
