1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcll 1,
meat, and the spirit of the age that they have
been absolutely set aside by the military power.
The time when these men can be protected
by the military power 'will cease. Gentlemen
are insisting thatthetime has come when these
States should be represented in Congress and
restored to their original position in the Union ;
and the last part of the speech of the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] was do-
voted to a denunciation of gentlemen on this
side of the House because they do not believe
the time had fully come. Suppose that prop-
osition is agreed to, and these States are re-
stored to all the rights of sovereign States
"within this Union, and they carry out the same
spirit they have already manifested toward
these freedmen. Then the question is, shall
Ave leave the men who have been loyal during
this struggle, have fought, on our side, and who
have aided to carry the banner of the Repub-
lic in triumph through this terrible rebellion;
shall we leave them to die operation of laws de-
nounced as tyrannical by the military powers
and as practically reducing these men to the
condition of slavery?
It is idle to say these men will bo protected
by the States. The sufficient and conclusive
answer to that position 1 submit is, that those
States have already passed laws which would
now virtually reenslave them. Is there any
answer to that? Does the gentleman tell us
when these men are remitted to the action of
these States lately in rebellion they mean that
they shall be subjected to the operation of va-
grant laws which reduce (hem virtually to the
condition of slavery? Do Iheymcan that, when
they ask us to admit flepresentalives from these
Slates upon this floor, and thus to admit, these
States into relations to the Union? Do tlie\
mean we shall surrender these freedmen to the
power of (heir former masteis, that we shall
surrender these loyal men to the traitors, when
we have the example before us which cannot,
be contradicted, that, il, will be to surrender
them to a condition worse than they were before
the proclamation of emancipation was issued?
The gentleman from New Jersey | Mr. I'oc-
GRs J commenced his speech by saving that he
was in favor of giving civil rights to all men,
and that he was a progressive man. lie says
this bill cannot be passed because it is uncon-
stitutional. The other day when a proposition
was made to amend the Constitution in this
regard he opposed the amendment to the Con-
stitution. lie is for the protection °f these
men, but he is against every earthly mode that
can be devised for protecting them; like the
man that I heard of in the State of Maine, who
was in favor of the Maine law but was opposed
to its enforcement.
Sir, f know of no way by which these men
can be protected except it be bv the actum of
Cougress,cither by pacing I his bill or by passing
a constitutional amendment,. And when gen-
tlemen tell me that they are in favor of protect-
ing the people of color, and yet oppose every
practicable method of protecting them. 1 beg
leave most, respect fully to doubt their judgment
in the matter. The question is. shall we leave
these men in this condition? It is idle to sny
we are not leaving t hem to a system of slavery.
If it had not been for the aeis of the mditary
commanders, had not the laws which have al-
ready been enacted by the Legislatures of the
rebel Slates been set aside, the negroes would
all have been slaves now under the operation
of their vagrant acts or other laws.
t believe that this bill is a proper remedy for
these evils. 1 believe that we have the con-
stitutional power tu pass it, and that il is our
duty to pass it. 1 allirm that wc shall be justly
chargeable with want, of good faiih, want of
honor and of common honesty, if we abandon
these men, who by our invitation have aided
us and have thereby made themselves obnox-
ious to the majority of the wdiite men of the
South, and leave them to Ihe tender mercies
of our enemies and theirs.
1 his bill provides that all persons born within
the Lnitod States, excepting those who do not
owe allegiance to the United States Govern-
ment., as children of embassadors of foreign
Powers, and sueh as are not subject to our laws,
and Indians not taxed who owe a tribal alle-
giance, shall be citizens of the United States.
I think this is the law now. I do not believe
that in this Government of ours there is any
class of freemen who are not citizens. I do not
believe that between the slave, who has no rights
which white men are bound to respect, and a
citizen there is any class of men provided for
in the Constitution of the United States.
But 1 am not going to discuss this question,
because it is apparent to me that the constitu-
tional (lower of Congress to make any men or
class of men citizens must be conceded. If
they are not citizens now this act will make them
citizens. To the Congress of the United States
is given the power to establish a uniform rule
of naturalization. This power has been con-
strued, both by Congress and the courts, and
wo have admitted men to the rights of citizen-
ship in precisely the same manner contem-
plated in this bill. We admitted the Stock-
bridge Indians by act of Congress, and vast
numbers of Mexicans resident in TexSs at the
time of the annexation were made citizens by
act. of Congress. There are men within the
sound of my voice who were here when a law
was passed admitting large numbers of these
men of Texas to citizenship, who would not
otherwise have been citizens. This question
has been long settled.
Then the question arises if we have power to
make them citizens, about which 1 douotthink
there can be any reasonable doubt, theie cer-
tainly cannot be any unless we are willing logo
back and ie\eise all Ihe precedents that have
been set since tin; beginning of the Co vermin-nt.
Then the question that remains is simply this:
can the Cougress ot'tbe United Slates provide
that as between citizens of the United Stales
there shall be no discrimination in civil rights
or immunities, but they "shall have the same
right to make and enforce contracts, to sue,
be parties, give evidence, to inherit, purchase,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal
property, and fo full and equal henelit of all
laws and proceedings for the security of person
and properly?" Has Congress the power to
so enact that there shall lie no discrimination
in these things between the citizens of this
Government? That is the whole question, so
far as relates to the constitutional power.
To my mind the power is a clear one resting
upon the amendment to the Constitution which
has lately been adopted. Under that, amend-
ment slaveiy and involuntary servitude are lbr-
ru'i' prohibited in the United Slates, anil Con-
gress has power to enforce lhat article of the
Constitution by appropriate legislation.
Now, sir, f suppose that chattel slavery
could no! exist even without ibis second sec-
tion of the amendment. Suppose it had never
been adopted, 110 court could hold that any
man in any State had a right to hold another
as his slave in the sense m which slaves had
been held before; but il. is apparent that under
other names and in other forms a system of
involuntary servitude might be perpetuated
over this unfortunate race. They might be
denied the right of freemen unless there was
vested a power in the Congress fif the United
States to enforce by appropriate legislation
their right to freedom.
If that be not the meaning of the second
section of this amendment, I see no meaning
to it. The liist section woe.ld have prohibited
forever the mere fact, of chattel slavery as it
existed. When Congress was clothed with
power to enforce that provision by appropriate
legislation, it meant two things. It meant,
first, that Congress shall have power to secure
the rights of freemen to those men who had
been slaves. ]t meant, secondly, that Con-
gress should be the judge of what is necessary
for the purpose of securing to them those rights.
Congress must judge as to what legislation is
appropriate and necessary to secure to these
men the rights of free men, whether we can
do this except by securing to them the right to
make and enforce contracts and the other
rights which are specified in this bill, and each
member of this House must determine for
himself^ upon his oath, what legislation is
appropriate to prevent their being reduced to
any servitude which is involuntary.
Now, sir, I am prepared, for myself, to say
that when those rights which are enumerated
in this bill are denied to any class of men on
account of race or color, wheu they are subject
to a system of vagrant laws which sells them
into slavery or involuntary servitude, which
operates upon them as upon no other part of
the community, they arc not secured in the
rights of freedom. If a man can be sold, the
man is a slave. If he is nominally freed by the
amendment to the Constitution, he has nothing
in the world ho can call his own; he has simply
the labor of liis hands on which he can depend.
Any combination of men in his neighborhood
can prevent him from having any chance to
support himself by his labor. 'They can pas3
a law that a man not supporting himself by
labor shall be deemed a vagrant, and that a
vagrant shall be sold. If this is the freedom we
gave the men who have been lighting for us and
in defense of the Government, if this is all we
have secured them, the President had far better
never have issued the proclamation of emanci-
pation, and the country had far better never
have adopted the great ordinance of freedom.
Take, for instance, the act that whs passed in
the State of South Carolina, and set aside by
General Sickles. What is the condition of the
freedinan under that act? Is lie secured in any
right of freedom? Can any member here say
that there is any probability, or any possibility,
that these Stateswill seeurehim in those rights?
They have already spoken through their Legisla-
tures: we know what they will do : these acts,
which have been set aside by the military com-
manders, are the expressions of their will.
Now, are, these men free? If a man can be
sold as a vagrant because he docs not labor,
without any inquiry as to whether he can or
cannot procure labor, is he a, freeman?
To my mind the conclusion is irresistible that
the second section ot this amendment of the
Constitution which gives us the right to enforce
the article of the Constitution which provides
against shivery or involuntary servitude, gives
us the right to protect these men against pre-
cisely such a system of legislation as the one
to which 1 have referred. If it does not it is
Worth nothing.
General Grant, on the 12t.h of January last,
issued this order:
" Military division iind department commanders,
whoyeeomnufrHN embrace "i- are commixed of the late
rebellious J^fcates, and who have not already done so,
will at once is.sue and onto roe onteis pi o l eet ins colored
people from pi oseeution in nny of mioIi State? charged
wittiotlenr.es for which wlute persons are not pun-
ished in the same manner and degree."
I have a right to assume, and I do assume,
that that order was issued under t he direction
of the President ot the United Slates, that it is
his act, and when we provide by legislative
action precisely the same thing and nothing
more, i do not think that gentlemen upon ihe
oilier side have the right to assume in advance
that we are to encounter the executive veto.
If the principle of this bill differ.-, ill any re-
spect fiom the principle which the military
authorities have found it necessary to carry out
i in order to protect these people in the enjoy*
! incut of their freedom, 1 cannot see in what
\ that difference consists.
i And one reason assigned most gravely in
| this House, why we should abandon these peo-
ple and deliver them up to the operation of just .
sueh laws as I have been commenting upon is
that if we do not do so a uegro may be elected ,
President of the United States ; that a majority
of the white men of this country will choose ;
to elect a black man as President of the United [
States, That is the answer that is made to us
when we ask whether these people are to be .
turned over to those wen who hate them be- ,
cause they have been loyal to the Union and ■,
to the old tlag. Objection is made to every- )
thing that the wit of man can contrive for their ,
protection.
