4004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
concurrent resolutions when you do not want
the President to sign them or have anything
to do with them- -1 say that practice and that
species of trickery ought now to be abandoned,
1 think.
Mr. LANE. I rise to a point of order. What
is the question before the Senate? The amend-
ment which the Senator moved lias been ruled
out of order. No appeal from the decision of
the Chair has been taken; and yet a lengthy
argument going on.
Mr. COWAN. I do not understand the
Chair to have decided peremptorily that it was
out of order. I asked to be hea'rd upon the
question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor will pause. The Senator from Indiana
raises the point of order that after the question
of order has been decided, it is not in order for
the Senator from Pennsylvania to debate the
question That point of order is well taken.
The Senator from Pennsylvania can only pro-
ceed by the indulgence of the Senate, and if
the Senator from Indiana objects it cannot be.
Mr. LANE. I object to any further debate.
Mr. COWAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The PRESIDING- OFPICEE. The last
decision or the one before that?
Mr. COWAN. The one before that. [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
takes an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. COWAN. And upon that I can.be
heard I presume.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubt-
edly.
Mr. COWAN. Then, Mr. President, I have
to say that this resolution of the Senate, offered
by me as an amendment, being a substitute
not for a joint resolution of both Houses, but
a substitute for what is a concurrent resolu-
tion, and upon a subject-matter which is pecu-
liarly and exclusively within the control of the
Senate according to the Constitution and laws,
ought to be sustained.^ I agree that if this
were a joint resolution, if it were in its nature a
law to provide for some previous deficiency in
the law, not exactly a statute, but something
amendable and curable by a joint resolution,
then my amendment would not be in order;
but as this is an attempt on the part of the two
Houses to do that which is peculiarly within
their own province separately to be done, and
to do that by means of concurrent action, I
have a right to amend by appealing to the Sen-
ate to resume its separate functions, and declare
in short what it intends to do by its own sepa-
rate resolution.
Where is the objeotion to this? What do
Senators desire, what do they want? Certainly
it cannot be presumed that they desire any po-
litical advantages in this matter? It cannot be
presumed that there is any trick or political
advantage to be derived from this. They are
not aiming at that. The real actual matter in
hand, the subject in issue here is, whether the
representatives from Tennessee shull be admit-
ted upon this floor and upon the floor of the
other House. ^ That is the whole of it, admit-
ted to be. If we are to admit those Senators,
let us say so. Tf the other House wants to
admit Representatives, let them say so. Whore
is the necessity of raising the question as to
whether Congress is supreme over this mat-
ter, or whether the President is supreme, or
whether the judiciary is supreme ? *■
In truth and in fact the three branches of
this Government are coordinate, equal, neither
of them is supreme. The relations between
the State of Tennessee and the General Gov-
ernment, so far as the Executive is concerned,
have been restored long ago, perfectly re-
stored. Tour joint resolution has not a thing
to operate upon in that behalf. You have
gone on and you have treated Tennessee pre-
* c-lsely as you have treated all the other States
in the Onion, so far as the executive depart-
ment of this Government is concerned. Have
you uot been appointing assessors and collectors
of internal revenue, and all other officers for
that State, Snd confirming them here in the
Senate as well as rejecting?
Then the next question is, whether relations
are restored with the judiciary of the country.
Is it not well known that the Supreme Court
opened their docket and took up cases from the
rebellious States ? I believe one from Tennes-
see ; I am not so certain of that, but it is very
certain if a case had come there from Tennes-
see or if a citizen of Tennessee had sued in a
United States court a citizen of another State
he would have been entitled to be heard, and
that court would have opened its doors to
administer justice to him.
The only branch of the Government which
has not recognized these States and their rela-
lations to the General Government is Congress.
The Constitution declares that each House shall
be the judge of the elections, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members. Therefore it is
with the Senate to restore those relations with
Tennessee which ought to exist between the
Senate and that State; and it may well happefl
that Tennessee is entitled to Senators upon this
floor when she may not be entitled to Repre-
sentatives upon the floor of the House, and it
might well happen that she would be entitled
to representation upon the floor of the House
when she would not be entitled to representa-
tion here. The Representatives to the lower
House might be well elected, whereas the Le-
gislature which elected the Senators might not
be the true Legislature of the State.
But as the sense ofthe Senate to-day has been
repeatedly declared* and by repeated votes, that
Tennessee now has a government and that she
now has a Legislature, and that she is entitled
to representation upon this floor, why not treat
the matter as it has always been treated; why
not meet it squarely and fairly and say that
Messrs. Fowler and Patterson are entitled to
qualify and take their seats upon this floor as
the representatives of Tennessee, and avoid all
this contriving and all this artifice, which, after
all, amounts to nothing? It will not make a
point for anybody in the end, because the peo-
ple are_ not to be deceived by this kind of ma-
neuvering and it will not make the position of
one or the other parties stronger in the least by
adopting anything lily: these amendments, these
preambles, and allegations which have been
put already into the resolution.
J5y this course you will avoid another diffi-
culty. Yon propose to have the Executive
concur in this. He may make a very good point
on you there if it happens that your resolution
is a resolution with which he has nothing to do
and upon which his approval or disapproval
would have no effect. How are you going to
answer to the country when he says " I have
nothing to do with this; you can do all this as
well without me as with me. My approval one
way will make no difference." He tells you
further, " I wanted you to do this six, seven,
or eight months ago." I say that Senators had
better hesitate and take the direct course in-
stead of this roundabout way.
I am delighted with the proceedings to-day.
Although tardy, I am willing to take it as
an abandonment of the ground taken by the
majority from the beginning of the session—a
total and entire abandonment. When we went
into session on the first of December, what was
the allegation ? The allegation was that a com-
mittee of reconstruction must be appointed to
inquire into what? To inquire into the condi-
tion of the people of the rebellious States and
to ascertain whether they were entitled to rep-
resentation upon the floor of either House.
That committee sat and took testimony and
reported distinctly against the affirmative side
of the proposition, or in other words, that com-
mittee reported 
^ Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
yield, I will make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. I trust not.
Let us finish this matter.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope'this question of
order will be allowed to be discussed. The
idea of adjourning pending the discussion of a
question of order I never heard of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COWAN. That committee decided—
" It is the opinion of your committee—
"1. That the States lately in rebellion were, at the
close of the war, disorganized communities, without
civil government, and without constitutions or other
forms by virtue of which political relations could
legally exist between them and the Federal Govern-
ment.
" 2. That Congress cannot be expected to reeoenizo
as valid the election of representatives from disor-
ganized communities, which, ftom the very nature
of the ease, were unable to present their claim to
representation tinder those established and recog-
nized rules, the* observance of which has been hith-
erto required."
That report was presented to the Senate of
the United States on the 8th day of June, 1866,
about forty days ago. Now, I should like to
know what has occurred in the meanwhile to
change the right of Tennessee to be represented
in these Houses. Is it pretended that anything
has occurred since to change what appears to
have been the deliberate decision and opinion
of the reconstruction committee? If so, what
has it been ? If nothing material has occurred,
then the action of Congress yesterday and to-
day is an abandonment, an utter and total aban-
donment of the whole ground that has been
maintained by the dominant majority here dur-
ing the session, and there is no escaping from
it. It was said that we must have guarantees,
that we must have securities, and that we must
have a thousand things. Where are they, I
should like to know?
It is said that Tennessee has ratified the
amendment to the Constitution. That is the
secret of it. That is seized upon as the pretext
to do that which Senators feel they should have
done long ago. It is a mere pretext, pretend-
ing that because a Legislature, scrambled up
by the military, and brought in by a sergeant-
at-arms and forced to sit, have ratified an amend-
ment to the.Constitution, therefore Tennessee
is purged, her garments are clean, all stains
are washed from her robes, and she is immedi-
ately entitled to be represented on these floors!
Are you better off now than you were before?
What have you got by the ratification of the
amendment to the Constitution by Tennessee ?
Does that give it any validity? Nobody pre-
tends that it does._ There is no more amend-
ment to the Constitution than there was yes-
terday, or ten days ago, or two weeks ago.
Hence I say that this is an abandonment on
the part of the majority of botli Houses here,
a distinct, clear, clean running away from their
ground on this subject of the admission of mem-
bers from Tennessee, and I want the country
to know that, and to know it now upon this
proposition.
If the Senate believe that Tennessee is enti-
tled to representation upon this floor for any
cause whatever, and if they believe that the
gentlemen elected here, whose credentials are
upon our table, were elected by the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee, the legitimate government,
(as we have voted half a dozen times to-day
that it was the legitimate government and that
the legitimate Legislature,) then why hesitate
for one moment to admit that State to her
rights upon this floor? We have been taxing
her; we have been making laws for her; and
she has had no voice in the eouncils of the
country; she has not been heard. Then, I sav,
to make your repentance complete, to make it
effectual for salvation, to save you, it must be
accompanied by works meet for repentance;
and the proper work is to admit upon the in-
stant, I think, according to the terms of the
resolution, I propose to substitute for the ono
now before the Senate, her Senators; and I
trust the House will follow your example, and
that then this vexed question will be settled as
the Constitution intended it to be settled, forthe
Constitution intended that each House should
for itself, not in conjunction with the other
House, determine the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its members.
Here I may remark that there never was any
necessity for a reconstruction committee to get
at questions which gentlemen alleged lay down
below the election of Senators. If we "have a
