1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4005
riglit to determine upon the election of Sena-
tors, if we have any right to determine upon
the qualifications of Senators, are we not obliged
in settling that question to determine what is a
valid Legislature and what is not a valid Legis-
lature? Gould we not have done all that for
ourselves?
Mr. WILSON. You wanted to do it your
own way.
Mr. COWAN. You did not want to do it,
I know; and you did not want to do it accord-
ing to the Constitution, because you expected
you could get a political advantage by getting up
a kind of star-chamber committee and shutting
the doors againstrepresentation from the States
for some extraordinary purpose or other. The
doors have been shut for seven months; and
now the clamor at the doors lias induced you,
without any reason and upon a mere pretest,
to abandon your ground that you held so long,
and now you are afraid to come up to it like
men and do directly what you would like to do
indirectly. That is about the truth of it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not, if
he will permit me, call the adoption by Tennes-
see of the constitutional amendment we have
passed a " pretext? " Is that not a cause for
admission now?
Mr. COWAN. I say it is not a cause for
admission, because it amounts to nothing.
Mr. CON'NESS. It is for us.
Mr. COWAN". The ratification of that
amendment by the State of Tennessee gives
you not a single advantage; it does not give
you an additional guarantee; it furnishes you
no further security; and yet j'our House reso-
lution here cites it as the cause, as the reason.
I say it is not a valid cause, it is not a good
reason, it is a mere pretext. If the amend-
ment to the Constitution had been ratified by
three fourths of the States, then I admit it
would have been a good reason upon which
you might have based your action; but it is
only ratified by the State of Tennessee, and
even that ratification is denied and assailed,
and the fact of that ratification not known here
except upon a telegram, and upon a telegram
which may have been sent by any wag in Nash-
ville. Who knows whether that amendment
has been ratified in the Legislature of Tennes-
see or not, or anything about it? Who knows
how it was done? Who knows what were the
means used? It is perfectly certain that the
military were called upon to compel the at-
tendance of members to ratify an amendment
to the Constitution. I ask in all seriousness
in the American Senate whether there is a
sane man in tlxe body who believes that an
amendment to the Constitution ratified in that
way, ratified against the will of members who
were compelled to go to the Legislature in
order to do it, and ratified by a Legislature
which was not elected with a view to the con-
sideration of this question and without a fair
opportunity of canvassing its merits before the
people, would be worth the paper on which it
is written? Suppose it was ratified everywhere.
The ultimate power is with the people, and all
these barriers that you attempt to build up be-
tween the people and power and their servants
are as mere straw and chaff. Some day they
must give way, and certainly no wise man
wants the Constitution amended by any trick-
ery or any contrivance or any unfair means
of that kind. It is asserted that of the mem-
bers of the quorum, the fifty-six required to
constitute a quorum of the eighty-four mem-
bers of the Legislature, two were actually not
in the chamber, but were in the custody of the
sargeant-at-arms in his room, not present in
the hall when the vote was taken. How this
is, I do not know; but all these doubts hang
over this thing, so that I say you do not know
and no man can aver to-day whether the Legis-
lature of Tennessee ever did ratify that amend-
ment to the Constitution or not; and if they
did, it is no justification for any action on the
part of Congress or the majority of Congress,
and amounts, as I said before, simply to a pre-
text, a pretext which will be understood when
it goes to the country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
again if he will yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. "NYE. If you withdraw that for a mo-
ment I simply want to piit in an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I hope fhis point of order
will be decided.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw it for the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I wish to propose an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be received by unanimous consent.
Is there objection? The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, I renew the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The question being put, a division was
called for.
Mr. NYE. I should like to have the amend-
ment read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some Senators ask
that the amendment be read which has been
offered by the Senator from Nevada. I there-
fore withdraw the motion to adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the point of order and the appeal
taken by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hexderson] has asked a division
on the motion to adjourn, and I withdraw the
motion to adjourn until we can hear the amend-
ment read.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it is not in the power of a
Senator to withdraw a motion when a division
is being had upon it. It can be done by unan-
imous consent. Is there any objection to the
motion being withdrawn ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFiCER. A division is
called for on the motion to adjourn.
A division being had, the result was—ayes
13, noes 1!); a refusal to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair, ruling
out of order the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] stand as the
judgment of the Senate.
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. NYE. Now, I offer my amendment,
and I ask to have it read.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all after the
word "that,'' in the third line of the resolu-
tion, and insert:
Tho people of Tennessee have organized a govern-
ment for that State whicli is in allegiance to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, and have
given satisfactory evidence of their purpose and abil-
ity to maintain the same, and the same requiring the
sanction of Congress to its validity, it is hereby rati-
fied and shall be guarantied by the United States.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. Let us have the vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just what I
want, if we can get it; but before we take the
final vote on this proposition I prefer to recon-
sider the vote by which we adopted the pream-
ble moved by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] My impression is that if you
pass the resolution with that preamble, and
send it to the President of the United States,
the President will keep it for ten days; he will
keep us here ten days from next Tuesday, and
then he will send to us a veto message. He
will say, "Gentlemen, you have sent to me a
resolution with a preamble declaring that noth-
ing but the law-making power of this country
can settle this question; now, I dispute that
proposition; all else there is in your measure
is to admit Senators and Representatives from
Tennessee; you have the power to do that; I
have always contended that you had the power
to do it as separate bodies; if yon are in earnest
about it, just admit them." Is not that the
answer we shall get from the Executive?
Mr. WADE. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know whether it is in order here to
speculate upon the opinions of the President
of the United States in reference to our legis-
lation. In the British Parliament it is a breach
of privilege, and always out of order. Is it in
order here?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio raise a point of order?
Mr. WADE. I inquire of the Chair whether
such remarks are in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to be
out of order.
Mr. COWAN. There can be nothing in the
point of order. What is all this but a mere
discussion of the powers of the Executive ? The
honorable Senator from Missouri assumes that
the Executive has certain opinions as to his
rights and powers under this Government. It
is fair argument.
Mr. HENDERSON. If I am out of order
the Chair will so decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not consider the Senator out of order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was stating only a
reason for our not adopting this preamble. I
have fought against it all day. The Senate
voted it down deliberately two or three times.
We voted down the proposition to have any
preamble at all. The Senator from Illinois
insists that we shall have a preamble and finally
gets a small majority in favor of it; and hav-
ing obtained a small majority in favor of it,
without any.further reconsideration Senators
insist that we must stay here and get through
with the whole question to-night. Now, I am
just as anxious to see Tennessee admitted as
any member of this body; but I think we had
better reconsider the preamble; or at least we
had better wait until Monday morning and con-
sider it. If Senators have made up their minds
to stay ten days, it may be all well enough. I
would rather not do so; and henc6 I rise for
the purpose of moving an adjournment, and I
hope the Senate will consider that this is the
proper plan. A great many Senators have left
the Hall; a great many more will leave; it is
now six o'clock on Saturday evening, and we
have had two night sessions during the week;
and it does seem strange to me that just after
the Senate has reversed its well-considered
views, late in the evening, after many Senators
have left the body, it is insisted that a vote
must be had now. If the Senate acted right
in voting down all preambles this morning at
an earlier hour, it may possibly be that upon
a reconsideration of this matter between now
and Monday morning we shall vote down any
preamble again. It is but recently that we
have come to the conclusion that it was neces-
sary to have a preamble. I do not think we
ought to have one. I would stand up and
demonstrate to Senators that there should be
none, and give the very best reasons in the
world for that view, because any preamble that
you may adopt will leave a false implication
before the people that I do not want to be com-
mitted to. When you make a preamble, of
course you declare, as the Senator from Illinois •
said in objecting to the House preamble this
morning, that other States shall be admitted
upon the same terms. What did he say? He
said the House amendment only declares that
Tennessee has adopted the constitutional
amendment, and therefore we will admit her ;
and if we do that, he said, we go all over the
country declaring that we would admit South
Carolina npon the same terms. Now I appeal
to the Senator and ask him if there is anything
else in his own preamble. Do you say that
you will not admit South Carolina upon her
ad optingthe constitutional amendment, whether
it becomes the law of the land or not? Does
not the same implication go out that would
from the House amendment?
Mr. WADE. What is the question?
Mr. HENDERSON.. The bill is before the
Senator, the whole subject, all of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest to him a consideration in favor of
his view? It is very evident that even if we
