1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8045
shall make will be directed entirely to the prac-
tical operation of this bill. If the measure is
going to do no good, if it is to produce no bene-
ficial results to the country, of course it ought
Sot to pass. But if it will accomplish the ob-
jects we expect, then we think there is a neces-
sity for1 it and that it ought to pass.
I have said that a part of the duties of the
head of this bureau will be to compare the dif-
ferent educational systems, to collect the facts
and statistics connected with them, and to point
out-the merits and advantages of each, and in
a philosophical and popular way present these
to the people generally. Let me illustrate the
importance of this national system by a simple
reference to the manner in which a similar
system on a smaller scale has openUed in the
different States; and I think this consideration
should be conclusive as to the importance of
this measure. Take, for instance, my own
State, of which I have a right to speak here.
Her educational system up to 1853 was sub-
stantially, I may say, in chaos. Wo had really
no educational system at all. There was no
such thing as a commou-sehool system there.
The people had schools when they pleased; and
when they did not, there were no schools.
Everything was in confusion. Hence the im-
mense amount of land which had been given
by this Government to the State of Illinois for
educational purposes was substantially dissi-
pated.
That was the condition of the school sys-
tem, if it may be called a school system, in the
State of Illinois up to 1853. This resulted
from the fact that there was no head to the
system. There was no common center; no
one to advise, direct, and suggest. In other
words, there was no one to vitalize the system,
to bring it directly before the people, and show
them the proper path. In 1853, however, a
free-school system was inaugurated in the State
of Illinois. Under that system a superintend-
ent of public instruction was appointed. Som e
of the most eminent men in the State of Illinois
have filled that position. While I do not desire
to disparage others, I may be permitted to men-
tion that the free-school system of the State of
Illinois has been for many years under the
charge and control of Hon. Newton Bateman,
whose name is appended to this memorial;
and he has given that system vigor and vitality
till to-day we present a free-school system of
as high a character as can be found in the
world. It has had a good practical effect by
having a common head and center to control
and direct the system.
Now, by the x-esult of that, in nine or ten
years in the State of Illinois, we have twelve
thousand school districts established, with mag-
nificent school-houses dotted all over the prai-
ries, and every Monday morning when the clock
strikes nine o'clock half a million of bright-
eyed girls and boys are within the walls of the
common schools of Illinois. That is the result
of appointing a competent head to that system.
Now, that is only one State, a State of-one
hundred counties. What is the reason the result
Would not be similar if a competent head to
discharge the duties be appointed at the seat of
Government, one who will take general control
in regard to the thirty-six States of this Union.
I know of no reason why the results would not
be the same. Naturally they would be the
same.
Here are thirty-six States, all with different
school systems. The people of the western
States do not know what you are doing in the
middle States. They do not know what is being
done in the New England States. They have
no means of knowing what are your school
systems.
The very object of establishing a Bureau
of Education is that these different systems
may be brought together. We want all these
school systems all over the land brought
under one head, so that they may be nation-
alized, vitalized, and made uniform and har-
monious as far as possible. But we are mot
On the threshold of this argument by the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. IIoukkh,J who I
am sure has not examined the subject, that
we have no constitutional power to do this
thing. Let us look at this for a moment. Let
us see whether wo hare constitutional power.
The Constitution provides that it shall be the
duty of Congress to pass all laws which shall
be necessary for the common good and wel-
fare. Let us look at an example in this Gov-
ernment which my friend admits has existed
ever since its foundation. Take an analogous
instance. Take the Department of Agricul-
ture. He says wo cannot put our hands upon
the specific provision of the Constitution for
this bureau we propose to establish. You can-
not put your hand upon the specific constitu-
tional provision which gives you the power to
appropriate thousands, at least half a million,
of dollars a year for the purpose of keeping up
the Department of Agriculture? Where is the
power to do it? On what authority is it done?
Wo say that it promotes the general welfare
and the common good. It is part of the ne-
cessary machinery of this Government; and
we say the same thing in reference to tins Bu-
reau of National Education. The bureau lure
proposed is not so limited in its operations as
the Department of Agriculture.
I desire now to consider another proposition
in this same connection, that it invades the
the system of the States1. The same argument
can bo made in regard to the Department of
Agriculture. No one ever dreamed that the
Department of Agriculture was invading the
rights of the States. Why? Every State in the
Union has its own agricultural societies incor-
porated by the several Legislatures. Every
county has its own agricultural society. The
Department of Agrieultuie at the seat of Gov-
ernment here dues not invade any rights of
properly m the States. What does itdo? What
we propose in this bill. It gives the result of
experiments, it collects facts from California,
from Maine, from all of the States, and all parts
of the world, prepares those facts m popular
form and presents them to the people. Here
are two hundred and fifty representatives of
thepeople. What, has been the greatest demand
made on you? Has not the greatest demand
from your constituents been for the Agricultural
Report. The demand has been for agricultural
information, seeds and plants, the results of
experiments, &c.
The Department of Agriculture applies only
to one class of men. The bureau we propose
here applies to every man, woman, and child in
tho country.
Talk about this not having foundation in the
Constitution! Upon what constitutional pro-
vision have you established the interior De-
partment? There is no specific power given.
But it is a great and neces.'.ary part of the
machinery of the Government. It promotes
tho general welfare. Our bureau does the
same. If we decide that it is necessary to pro-
mote the general welfare, no other department
of this Government can question our povv'er.
It is said that this matter should be left to
the State, or to indi\iduals. Permit me to
say in answer to this that tho advantage of
this bureau is this: we do not propose to in-
vade State rights, to go into Massachusetts
and say, you shall change your system and
conform it to our views. We do not propose
to go into Oiiio or any other State, but we
propose to correct whatever is wrong or mis-
chievous in any of these State systems by
pointing out and showing to them that their
systems are wrong and what the bettor plan
would be; just the same as the. Bureau of
Agriculture, by disseminating information ail
over the land, giving the results of experience,
corrects errors in the method of the cultivation
of lands, and promotes the interests of agri-
culture in the dniereut States.
r, 1 want to call atten-
1 Waal to say to the
But now. Mr. Spot:
tion to another fact
members of this 1-e tha;
lias a direct interest in the e-'.tai
Bine.ui of Education. ! have
i. to say
his (Government
of a
it
'Ushavont
alrea.lv
1
that the pei petuity of our institution" rests up >n J
I the intelligence of the people. Let me dins- !
trate that by an example afforded by the re-
marks of the gentleman from New Jersey/
[Mr. Rogers.]
In reply to the statement of the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly,] that the
ignorance of the southern people had beea
one of the causes that led to the late rebellion,
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Kogbrs]
asserted that the rebellion had been inaugu-
rated, not by the poorer classes, not by the
ignorant, people, but by the intelligent men,
such as Davis, Slidcll, and others. Now, that
fact is true ; but it does not disprove the truth
of the statement of the gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Donnelly.]
Let us see how the matter stands. Grant
that tho rebellion was inaugurated by the in-
telligent classes of the South. Suppose that
tho poorer and more ignorant, classes, the great
mass of the people of the South, had been edu-
cated to the extent that tho people of Ohio,
New England, and the middle States are edu-
cated, do you imagine that the scoundrels,
traitors, and demagogues of tho South could
have led such a people into rebellion? Why,
sir, the same thing was actually attempted in
some of the northern States, but the intelli-
gence of the people repudiated all such appli-
ances made by traitors in the North.
Now, one of the objects of this proposed
Bureau of Education is to diffuse information
and give vitality to dead systems wherever its
operation is made necessary by the condition of
things. And 1 repeat again, if the people in
the southern States hud been fairly educated,
had had the means of obtaining information to
the extent that the loyal people of the North
had, a thousand Slit tells. i)a\ hes.aud Toombses
could never have ied them astray into rebellion.
In that view, then, I take the high ground
that every child of this land is, by natural
right, entitled to an education at tho hands of
somebody, and that this ought not to be left
to the caprice of individuals or of States so far
as we have any power to regulate it. At least,
every child in the land should receive a suf-
ficient education to qualify him to discharge
all the duties that may devolve upon him as
an American citizen.
This is as much a natural right as the right
to breathe the air and to be provided with food
and clothing. The Government, therefore, has
an interest in establishing this bureau, because
its tendency will be to shed light in the dark
places by disseminating facts and statistics,
vitalizing and influencing by persuasion rather
than by authority.
'There is another point of view in which this
Government is interested in this measure. By
the laws of Congress, as they now stand, sta-
tistics in regard to education have been col-
lected from ail over tho country every ten years.
Now there is a great mass of facts of various
descriptions, statements of the number of chil-
dren at school, how many can read and write,
number of school-houses, and other important
facts collected by the eem-us-takcrs tinder the
law of Congress. But what good does it do?
None whatever: because there is no one here
to take charge of those pregnant facts, those
fi sines. when they tire brought here by the cen-
sus-takers. There is no bureau to collate and
compare, to make deductions and suggestions,
and propagate and disseminate the information
in a propct form for the benefit of the people.
Therefore it is an expenditure of money for
the collection of these facts without any prac-
tical benefit, and in amount ten times more
than it would take to pay the full expenses of
this bureau. Let this bureau bo established
and take possession of all the facts and figures
that come up and send forth the information
in some popular form.
There is another fact which gives the Gov-
ernment a dircet interest in this bill. Already
the Government hase^' n to t he different. States
more than fifty million aeiv^ of the public lands
for school purposes. AU the new States have
had their sixteenth section for their school,
college, and seminary fund, and who of you
here knows liovv it is disposed of? Where do
