1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Banks, Blaine, Brondegee, Chanler, Conkling, Cullom,
Culver, Deireus. Dcluno, Dumont, Famsworth, Gar-
field, Uoodyear, if arris, Jd ogan, J ones, Kasson, Lynch,
Miller, Newell, Pike. Pomeroy, Samuel J. Itandall,
Rousseau, Schenck, Starr, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, and Robert T. Van Horn—62.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The main question was ordered to be put;
and being put, the resolution was adopted.
SALARY 03? ASSISTANT DOORKEEPER.
Mr. VAN"HORN, of New York, asked unani-
mous consent to olfer the folio wing resolution:
Resolved, That the salary of 0. S. Buxton. fir^t. as-
sistant doorkeeper of this House for the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, be made equal to that of the reading clerk.
Several Mumpers called for the regular order
of business.
MEMBERS OP A COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
The SPEAKER announced that, in accord-
ancc with the order of the House of to-day, he
had appointed Messrs. G-jieex Clay Smith of
Kentucky, and Thomas; \Y. Ferry of Michigan,
as addi(ionn,l members of the select committee
on the war debls of the loyal States.
The call of the States and Territories for res-
olutions was then resumed.
RAILROAD FACILITIES.
Mr. SLOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion j upon which he demanded the previous
question j
Reeved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
be directed to inquire whether persons visiting the
national capital fiom the "West are subjected to any
unnecessary inconvenience or obstacles in passing
through the city of Baltimore, and to lcporl to this
llou>e at an early day whether it would be ju*t and
expedient to authorize the Northern Central Rail-
road Company of Pennsylvania to extend their road
to thi^ city.
The previotis question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr.. SLOAN" moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT 01' COLUMBIA.
Mr. COBB submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
licbolvcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and they are hereby, directed to inquire whether the
act of Congress by which so much of the District of
Columbia as lie^ south of the Potomac wa5? retroceded
to the State of Virginia, is not void as being in con-
flict with the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States; and if so, what legislation is proper
or necessary to enable the Government to resume its
jurisdiction over that portion of said District; and that
they may report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COBB moved-to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPOINTMENTS IN THE REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. PAINE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which way read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs:
Whereas, during the late rebellion more than one
million volunteergoldier^aiidone hundred thousand
volunteer officers have, by meritorious services in tlie
field, entitled tlnruisdvea to the ^raliiiide of the na-
tion, and m.'my hundreds of such ofheers andsohliers
have, by study mid expedience, become qualified for
any commission m the regular Armv, and many so
qualified have been pariiallv disabled by wounds or
oiherwise, and n re yet capable of performing mo^t of
the duties required of othcors in time of peace, and
many of thu>e requin?d in time of war:
JCaoIvcd, That jn^+ioe demands 1 hat in ca«e of anj'
increase of the standing Army within five years from
January 1, J800. all new commissions below the com-
mission of lieutenant croneral shall be granted to
such meritorious and capable volunteer oliicers and
soldiers as have not heretofore held commissions in
the leerular Army, and that such as have been par-
tially disabled nnd a,re yet capable of petformina- the
duties necessaiy in peace and war shall be preferred
in granting such commissions.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, submitted tlie follow-
ing resolution, upon which ho demanded, the
previous question:
B'loh•<.-(?, That all papers which may be offeree!
relative to the representation of the loto so-called
confederal e Stftes ot America, or either of them,
shall be referred to the joint committee of fifteen with-
out debate, and no members shall be admitted from
either of said so-called States until Congress shall
declare such States or either of them entitled to rep-
resentation.
Mr. HALE. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot do that.
Mr. HALE. I wish to offer an amendment
excepting the claimants from the State of Ten-
nessee from the operation of that rule.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot agree to
except the claimants from Tennessee. The
committee can pass upon their cases first if
they see proper.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table, and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KASSON. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to inquire if this resolution is not the end
of the resolution of the House which was cut
o!T by the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question. 11 is in the nature of debate.
Mr. BROOKS. It is the same, precisely the
game; resolution.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 109, not voting
31; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boy or, Brooks,
Dawson, Dcuison, iildridge, Juncis, (Hossbrenner,
H-nder, Hale, A:>ron liardmc, llogan, Edwin N. Hub-
boil, James Si. Humphrey, J ohnson, Kerr, Lo Blond,
Marshal!, Nibiaek, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Rad-
ford, Samuel J.Randall,.Ritter. Rogers, Ross. .Rous-
seau, Shaukiin, Sitgrea-\ es. Smith, Strouse, Taber,
Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Yoorhees, Whaley, Winfield, and Wright—12.
NAYS—.Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley. Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Boaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
well, Brandet:eo,Broomall,Buekland. Bimdy, Header
W. Ohu ke, Sidney Ola ike, Oubb, Colliding, Cook, (Jill-
lom. Darling, Domino-, Dixon, Donnelly, i
Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Eaniuhar, Eerrv, tlrinncll,
Gns wold, AbnerC. Harding, Hart. Hayes, Henderson,
IlUby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hutelikiss, Asahel \V.
iliibhiud,rho*tcrD. Hubbaid,Dema=;iluhbaid, John
H. Hubbard, James R, Hubbeii, liulburd, ingersoll,
Jenckes, Kelley, Kelcbam, Kuykendall, Laiim, La-
tham, (4eorse V. Lawreme,"William Lawrence,Loan,
Longycar, Lynch, Mar.-.ion, Mai vin, McCinrg, j\Io-
Indoe, iUcKec, ileRucr, Idercnr, Jloorhead. Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Myeis, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perliam, Pike, Plants, lb ice, Alexander H.
Rico, John 11. Rice, Rollins Sawyer, Seolieid, Sheila-
barber, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Still-well, Thaver,
Trowbridge, Ya,n Aernaui. Burl Van Horn, Ward,
Warner. Elihu B. Washbume, WilliamB. Washbuin,
Welkcr, ■ i:i v.-.it ■:h, Williams, James !'. Ywl^on.
Stephen P. "Wilson, YVindom, and Wii-idbi'id-''—1(19.
NOT VOX I .X '■ I—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barker.
Blow, Bromwell, Chanter, Cull ei-, Davis. Dawes. De-
frees, Delano, Duuiont, l-'arasworth. Uai field, Good-
year, Uavris. James itumphrev. Jones. Julian, Kas-
son, Kelto, iUcCnilough, iMilier. Newell. Pomeiov,
William 11. Randall, Raymond, Selienck, Sloan,
Taylor, Upson, and Robert T. Van Horn—51.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. WARD. I was out of the Hall when
this resolution was offered. I ask that it may
be ae;ain read. *
The resolution was again read.
Mr. ELDRlDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I understand that this resolution, which
i it is attempted to pass here, is in violation of
the Constitution and of the law ot Congress
which requires the Speaker of this House to
administer the oath of oliic-e to the Represent-
atives of States as thev appear.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules both
points of oider. The question is upon second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask the consent of
tlie House that a letter from Governor Brown-
low be read to the House.
Objections were made by members on both
sides of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Pass the resolution, and
then read the letter.
Mr. SMiTII. T rise to a point of order. In
the firstplace I desire to inquire whether, when
the resolutiou was returned from the Senate day
before yesterday, and the House concurred in
an amendment of the resolution, and a m'otiotl
was made to reconsider that vote, which mo-
tion was laid on the table, therefore deciding
clearly what the opinion of this House wa'S in
regard to that motion—I inquire now, ais my
point of order, whether it is fair and proper for
a resolution, rejected by both the Senate and
the House, to be pushed through at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not in the province
of the Chair to decide what"is fair or unfair for
the House to do. The House themselvfes must
determine that question. The Chair rule's that
it is not a good point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
In my judgment, it seems that there is another
constitutional objection to the passage of this
resolution. The Constitution of the United
States pi ovides that each House 
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to
order. The gentleman has made no point of
order. The Chair has nothing to do with what
is constitutional and what is not, in this matter.
^ The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] will state his point of or-
der. and then tlie Chair will decide it.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it in order for this House
to pass a resolution which is already in conflict,
in my judgment, with the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States? [Laughter.]
I desire simply to submit this proposition for
the consideration of gentlemen of this House.
Ihe Constitution provides that each House
shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members. As it seems
to me, when Representatives come here claim-
ing to be 
Mr. SLOAN". I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Davis] is not stating his point
of order. He must state it briefly, and the
Chair will decide it with equal brevity. - "
Mr. DAVIS. I submit to the House the pro-
priety of passing a rosoliitiem which appears to
be in violation of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. KELLEY. I call the gentleman to order.
Tlie SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] is not in order. -
Mr. KASSON. I wish to submit a question
which I believe to'be a question of order, in-
volving the meaning of the word "papers" in
this resolution. 1 submit that it is not in order
to refer the credentials of members of this
House to a committee of the Senate. I believe
tlie same question was raised in the Senate. I
ask a deci sion on that point, whether the word
"papers" in this resolution involves creden-
tials of members of this House.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the Speaker will decide that question when the
question properly comcs up for decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not regard
it a? a point of order upon this resolution. The
Chair lias no objection to state, if the House
desire, what his decision would be upon such a
question when it shall come up.
Mr. BROOKS. Let us hear tlie opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. We better vote upon the
resolution now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide
that point when it comes up.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to ask a question
which may govern my vote upon this subject.
I would ask whether the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilsox,] who presented this resolution,
considers "papers" to include credentials or
not. Papers are one thing, and credentials
altogether another thing. Papers may be pre-
sented and referred to anybody. Papers aro
very unimportant, but credentials from States
are matters of very great importance. Does
the gentleman, by this resolution of his, pro-
pose to refer the credentials of Representatives
from 1he State of Tennessee, for instance, to
this committee composed of members of the
Senate as well as of the House?
Mr. WASJIBUKNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order—that this debate is all out of
order pending the call of the previous question.
