1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
jected to all the outrages and -indignities that
devils could invent, and still .stood true to the
old -flag, faithful among the faithless, or the
men who were the authors and active perpe-
trators of all these cruelties? Shall we give
heed to the entreaties of the men who have
always been true and never faltered, and who
now implore us to protect them from the rage
of their rebel neighbors, or the recent traitors
in arms who come to us with their hands still
reeking with the blood of our murdered broth-
ers, and, without any evidence of sorrow for
what they have done, or the least signs of re-
gret for their stupendous wickedness, demand
an opportunity to accomplish by the ballot and
other civil influences what they have failed to
do by the sword?
Some say if you give the ballot to the negro
his old master will control it. So when we
talked about putting them in the Army it was
said they would turn against us and tight for
their old masters; but when were soldiers truer
than they? Go ask at Port Hudson, at Milli-
ken's Bend, and Fort Wagner, where their
spirits went up from their black bodies to their
God in defense of liberty, the Constitution,
and the Union, and tell me whether these men
can be depended on. The m&n who will peril
their lives on the field of battle in defense of
our Constitution will vote for it if you will
give them an opportunity.
It is objected that the colored people are too
ignorant to be intrusted with the ballot, but it
is an objection that applies only to color. The
most ignorant foreigner that ever landed from
an emigrant ship, the most benighted poor
white in all the South, is deemed a safe depos-
itary of this important trust, providing he has
no shade of African blood in his veins. Scarcely
a black man can be found in the whole country
who was so ignorant that he did not know and
choose the right side during the war, while his
intelligent master was generally on the wrong
side. I would sooner trust a loyal black man
with the ballot than a disloyal white man. The
argument that would exclude a poor or igno-
rant colored man from the right to vote would
also exclude the poor or ignorant white man.
The more this question is discussed the stronger
are the convictions of the people '' that the only
way to secure and perpetuate our Government
in its purity is to confer upon all the races of
men equal rights, or such opportunities as will
prepare them for the enjoyment of equal rights."
And the time is not far distant when the peo-
ple of this country will acquiesce in this princi-
ple as fully as they now do in the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, which our Dem-
ocratic friends so strenuously opposed.
In these views I- also find myself sustained
by the declarations of the President. In his
Nashville speech, before referred to, he said;
"If there be but five thousand men in Tennessee
loyal to the Constitution, loyal to freedom, loyal to
justice, these true and faithful men should control the
work of reorganization and reformation absolutely."
In August. 1865, the President recommended
to Governor Sharkey, of Mississippi, the ex-
tension of the franchise " to all persons of color
who can read the Constitution of the United
States in English and write their names, and
to all persons of color who own real estate
valued at not less than $250 and pay taxes
thereon."
In October last the President was in favor
of negro suffrage. He then said to Major
Stearns:
" My position here is different from what it would
be if I were in Tennessee. There I should try to
introduce negro suffrage gradually: first, those who
had served in the Army; those who could read and
write; and perhaps a property qualification for oth-
ers, say two hundred or two hundred and fifty dol-
lars."
In October, 1864, just before his election,
Andrew Johnson addressed a gathering of
colored people in Nashville, and said;
"I, Andrew Johnson,hereby proolaim liberty, full,
broad, unconditional liberty, to every man in Ten-
nessee. I will bo your Moses, and lead you through
the Red Sea of struggle and servitude to a future of
liberty and pence. Rebellion and slavery shall no
more pollute our State. Loyal men, whether white
or black, shall govern the State."
3. We should forever prohibit the payment
of the confederate and State debts contracted
in aid of the rebellion, and prohibit the nation
and the States from making payment for eman-
cipated slaves. Already the less cautious reb-
els are talking about being able, by the aid of
northern Democrats, when they shall be rep-
resented in Congress, to compel the General
Government to assume their debt or repudiate
the whole. James L. Orr, the so-called Gov-
ernor of South Carolina, says ;
"I therefore cherish the hope that Congress will, as
soon as the public debt is provided for, make some
just and equitable arrangement to make the citizens
of the Soutn some compensation tor the slaves man-
umitted by the United States authorities."
General Schurz, in his report to the President,
says:
"In fact, there are abundant indications, in news-
paper articles, public speeches, and electioneering
documents of candidates, which render it eminently
probable that on the claim of compensation for their
emancipated slaves, the southern States, as'soon as
readmitted to representation in Congress, will be
almost a unit. In the Mississippi convention the idea
was broached by Mr. Potter, in an elaborate speech,
to have the late slave States relieved from taxation
'for years to come, in consideration of debts due
them for the emancipated slaves;' and this plan I
have frequently heard advocated in private conver-
sations."
Hon. John Covode, in his account of an
interview with Governor Wells, of Louisiana,
says:
" lie began to make demands with regard to what
Government should do. He said that Government
must pay forslaves that had been emancipated, for
it had taken or destroyed property enough for that
purpose."
This is the programme now shadowed forth,
and which, if not put to rest forever, will be a
source of infinite trouble to us hereafter. We
owe it to the loyal tax-payers North and South
to provide that they shall not be taxed to pay
the expenses of a war to destroy the nation's
life; and we owe it to the holders of our national
securities, as well as our own credit and finan-
cial stability, to provide by amendment to the
fundamental law that none of these pretended
claims shall ever be paid.
4. The doctrine of secession should be repu-
diated and branded with everlasting infamy.
This proposition is too plain to need argument
now. The experience of the last four years,
the graves of four hundred thousand fallen
heroes, the emblems of mourning all over the
country, all speak in thunder tones, demand-
ing that this doctrine hereafter shall find no
place among the possibilities of the country.
The Union members of Congress earnestly
desire to avoid any conflict with the President.
They will have none except so far as he repu-
diates the principles which gave him the elec-
tion in 18G4. They, ask nothing that the prin-
ciples heretofore expressed by him. and enforced
in his administration of affairs in the States
recently in rebellion, do not absolutely justify
and require.
But it is objected that our plan contemplates
amendments to the Constitution, and the Pres-
ident says, "Amendments to the Constitution
ought not to be so fre'quent that their effect
would be that it would lose all its prestige and
dignity." The President lost sight of this
idea when, in the Senate of the United States
in December, 1800, he proposed no less than
nine amendments to the Constitution in one
day. He repudiated this idea when speaking
for the votes of the American people in Nash-
ville soon after his nomination for Yice Pres-
ident. He said;
'' I hold, with Jefforson, t hat Government was made
for the convenience of man. and not man forGovern-
ment. The laws and constitutions were designed as
instruments to promotehis welfare. And hence, from
this principle, I conclude that Governments can and
ought to be changed and amended to conform to the
wants, to the requirements, and progress of the peo-
ple and the enlightened spirit of the age." ^
" And let me say that now is the time to secure
these fundamental principles, while the land is rent
with anaichy and upheaves with the throes of a
mialitv revolution. While society is in this disor-
dered state, and we are seeking security, let us fix
the foundations of the Government on principles of
eternal justice which will endure tor ail time."
And now, in 1868, the loyal people of the
country say amen, and call upon the author to
cooperate with their representatives in securing
such amendments as the changed condition of
things demand; and to conform "to the re-
quirements and progress of the people and
enlightened spirit of the age," an 1 to "fix the
foundation of the Government on principles of
eternal justice which will endure for all time."
Because of the enunciation of such princi-
ples as I have quoted, and others correspond-
ing thereto, the true men of this cotmtry rallied
around Andrew Johnson, and triumphantly
elected him to the second office within their
gift.
I have quoted to some extent the declara-
tions of the President to show thatwhen a candi-
date for the suffrages of the people, and even
later, _ he favored every proposition that the
majority of Congress desire to adopt. If he
will now, in his high position-, carry out the
principles he then avowed, a confiding people
will rally around him and hold up his hands
in the great work, and future generations will
hold his name in grateful remembrance. Fail-
ing to do this, the terrible judgment of popu-
lar condemnation awaits him.
Mr. Speaker, I am no alarmist. I believe in
a glorious future for this country, but oi) the
express condition that we j^j-ove ourselves
deserving such a future. The day of our
peril is not yet past. Already in the North a
large, and in some States a powerful, party
who from the beginning of the war have sym-
pathized more wiih the rebellion than the Gov-
ernment, are coming forward to meet their
southern friends, and over the graves—not yet
covered wilh the Verdure of a single season—
of the nation's fallen heroes, whom one has
branded as murderers and the other has slain,
they propose to shake hands, and pledge them-
selves to place this Government in the hands
.of those who but yesterday were striving to
destroy if, and threaten revolution if their
demands are not acceded to; and, " iell it not
in Gatli," they claim a President elected by
loyal votes to cooperate with them. Already a
Senator rises in his place and declares that
"it is the duty of the President to ascertain
who constitute the two Houses of Congress,"
and calls upon him to "recognize the Opposi-
tion here and the southern members as a ma-
jority of the Senate." Another Senator, at a
recent meeting in this city, is reported to have
said that ''he believed to-day that a revolution
is pending, and President J ohnson would have
better work for southern men than hanging
them. He believed to-day that when Jeff.
Davis left the Senale he was a better Union
man than Abiaham Lincoln. This he would
say on the floor in Congress before he got
through."
The New York World suggests that the
"present national Legislature should be put
down by force," and the Constitutional Union
talks about the "second advent of Cromwell
of England, or of Napoleon of Francewhile
the Macon Telegraph echoes back from Geor-
gia the sentiment of its northern allies, and
declares that "the ballot-box is too slow a
remedy for existing grievances," and adds:
"Let the President put down the rebellion in Con-
gress and appeal to the ballot-box to sustain that."
And continuing farther in the same strain, it
says:
"We prefer peaceable means; but, these failing,
the President should issue hi.- pioclamation declar-
ing the Union failv restored, uud ;: ,urine- the south-
ern members of CenirrebS to enter the Capitol and
take their seats, if refused admittance, a regiment
of United States troops should be sent to put the
southern members in their places."
The proclamation has been issued, but the
southern members and the regiment of United
States troops have not yet. appeared.
The Chit-ago Times says:
" We do noi hesitate to declare that itis thesolema
duty of the President to follow his words by deeds.
We do not hesitate to declare that it is the solemn
duty of the President to command the arrest ot laau-
dous Stevens, Wendell Phillips, Charles Sumner, and
their confederates in Congress and all over the coun-
try, for the crime of treason. In no other way c„n
this northern rebellion be promptly quelled and the
public oniet restored. , „ . . 
"And if the rump Congifsssball not speedily aban-
don its seditious, revolutionary, and lawless prae—
