3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
you go to get any official information as to how
this great and munificent gift to the people has
been disposed of? Who can go to any Depart-
ment here and find oat one single fact other
than that so much land has been given to Illi-
nois, so much to Ohio, and so much to Indi-
ana, and so on ?
AVell, now, fifty million acres of public lands
have been given to the States for these pur-
poses. It is made a part of the business of
this bureau to collect all the facts connected
with the subject, so that we may know what
every State hag done, whether the lands have
been squandered and what rules have been
adopted for the disposition of the same. If
there has been avicious system in any State in
regard to the disposition of those lands, is it not
important tliat that information should be given
to the States in order that they may avoid the
rocks upon which other States have dissipated
and lost their lands? And here let me say that
my State had such a donation, every sixteenth
section, with which it parted mostly for the
pitiful sum of ยง1 25 per acre, thus receiving but
!$800 per section for that land in each township,
which to-day, or oven many years ago, would
liavc been sold for ยง8,000 per section instead of
$800, thereby affording a perpetual fund to
educate the children of the icspective town-
ships for ail time to come; and upon these con-
siderations I believe the Government has a
direct interest in the establishment of a bu-
reau whereby this kind of information may bo
obtained and disseminated, in order that the
whole country, and particularly the State to be
admitted, may profit, by the good or bad exam-
ple of the different States in regard to this
matter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will say but a word or
two more. I think 1 have gone through the
various features of this bill. It seems tome
that there is nothing objectionable in i(.
So far as the quest ion of finance is concerned
the bill provides Cor lour clerks. If tin; num-
ber were limited to two. peihaps that number
would be sufficient to start the bureau. Now,
with a head of the bureau and two clerks, and
with two rooms that may be assigned to the
bureau in any one of the public buildings,
the cost to the Government will not exceed
$15,000; and it seems to nic thai, the advan-
tages to be derived fium the establishment of
a bureau of this character here at the seat of
Government would more than compensate for
the appropriation for a purpose ol'this charac-
ter. 1 trust, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the
members of this House will vote for this bill.
I believe that it is required by the people.
I believe that the necessities of the Govern-
ment. iequire it. its passage has been urged
by gentlemen who are better able to jiulgo"of
its necessity than we arc here. 1 am Willing to
take their judgment. Let this bill pass. Let
us have a common center. Lei us have a uni-
form and harmonious system of education if
possible, and then let us popularize and vital-
ize that system, and all these desert places, all
these dark places that now exist in the central
ami southern portion of the country, will have
light shed upon them, and a good free-school
system of education will shortly bo established
for the education of every child in this great
2and.
Mr, BANKS. Sir. Speaker, early in this
session, ill December or .Jauiuuy last, I pre-
sented to the House an elaboiate memorial
from the friends of education in the district 1
represent, asking for the passage of a bill sim-
ilar to that which has been reported by the
special^ committee on a national Bureau of
Education. And did I not fear that the ques-
tion might suffer from inadvertence on the part
of some members of this House I would not
trespass upon its attention for one moment.
But I feel a deep interest in the success of this
measure, as I think it most essential to the
welfare of the country that it should become
a law.
I listened with great attention to the remarks
of the gentleman from New Jersey [.Mr. Ro<;-
eks] the other day, who objected to the pas-
sage of this bill on the ground of the central-
ization of power in this city at the head of the
Government. Did I think that objection well
founded I would not urge upon members of
this House to vote in its favor. I do not desire
unnecessarily to concentrate the power of the
country here, for 1 have as little desire for that
as any member of this House, I am sure. But
I think if the gentleman will look into the
machinery of the bill he will see that it is
entirely free from any well-grounded objections
of that character.
In the first place this bill provides only for
the appointment of a Commissioner, and, as the
gentleman who has just taken his seat [Mr.
Moclton] said, four clerks, the expenses of
which will be only $13,000 a year. There is
no dangerous centralization of power in this.
This bureau will have no executive influence;
it has no color of executive power either here
upon Congress or in the States, and therefore
it is not amenable to that objection.
Then what is this bureau to do? Simply to
collect information; nothing more than that.
It will be but an extension of the census of the
people. It will bo but a collection of informa-
tion, not for the benefit of the Executive De-
partments, not directly for the benefit of the
people of the States, but for the benefit of Con-
gress alone; because the information to be col-
lected by this bureau is to be tiansmitted to
Congress, and the only action to which it can
lead is the action of Congress. Therefore the
bill in that regard is not, amenable to the objec-
tion of centralization; if it were 1 would not
press it. And [ am sure that the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] will see when
lie analyzes the.measures and features of this
bill they are not objectionable in that respect,.
This_bill is but, temporary in its nature; it
is not interwoven with the government of the
country so far that it cannot bo dispeused with
at any moment. Every year an appropriation
must be made for its continuance; and tho
failure of the appropriation will lead to the
discontinuance of the bureau, without any effect
whalever upon Hie administration of the coun-
try. And in that, respect, it, is unobjectionable.
Now, sir, 1 ask the attention ot the House
for a moment, to the importance, of this meas-
ure at this time. 1 am reluctant toioferto
my own experience, but I think the impor-
tance of the bill justifies it. I have passed the
gieater pait, of the time for the past, four or
five years in tho insurgent States. 1 have seen
much of the elements of life that coutiol opin-
ions in that part of this country, and i am
sorry to say that, 1 have formed very strong
convictions as to what is necessary in the re-
construction oi jliL Government, and the resto-
ration of that amily and comity of feeling which
must, exist between ihe people of the different
States and the General Government in order
to promote thai Union we ail so much desire.
i do not underestimate, I am sure, the impor-
tance of legislative measures, or constitutional
amendments, or any action of Congress or the
executive department of the Government in
that respect; yet 1 think 1 am justified in say-
ing that any or all of these measures are but
initiatory; they do not complete the work of
reform ; they do not perform the duty of res-
toration. I hose results must depend upon
other elements of power, which may flow from
but which are not embraced in the statutory or
constitutional measures to which we have given
so much consideration.
The true source of power to which wo must
look for the ultimate lestoration of perfect,
peace, the restoiation oi the Government in a
form as perfect as before the war, in a more
perfect form, even, than it has before existed,
is tho education of the people. Of course I
do not mean to say that we must wait until the
people shall be educated. On the contrary we
must begin immediately in this duty. But the
completion of the work requires that, education
shall be considered as among the first, and most
important elements of this work. And could
informal ion be collected and soread befoietho !
country of the almost mm clous icwilts of i
education in the last three or four years in the
insurgent States upon that class of people who
most need the attention and protection of tho
Government, 1 am sure the House with almost
entire unanimity would give itfe approval to any
measure tending to that end.
I believe, sir, and I wish to express my con-
viction as it really exists, that it is impossible
so far to reform opinion, so far to change the
basis of political society, as to secure a perfect
restoration of the principles of our Govern-
ment without giving efficiency to this funda-
mental element of social, of public, and of
individual power. I trust, sir, that in this view
alone, whether gentlemen of the House have
made up their minds to pass this measure or
not, they will give it serious consideration, as
a measure equally important, if not more im-
portant, in its final results, than any which may
proceed from the committee on reconstruction,
honorable and thorough and intelligent as that
committee has been in the performance of its
duties, and essentially necessary for the Gov-
ernment as are the measures which that com-
mittee has reported.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
close the debate; but I propose to yield for a
short time to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to ask a question of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] who has ehargc of this bill.
I am a member of the committeo that reported
the bill, although I was not present at the meet-
ing at which it was agreed to. I desire to have an
opportunity to discuss the bill and the amend-
ment which I have offered; and I wish to know
whether that opportunity will be afforded me.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 will give the gentle-
man a part of my time. I cannot feel it right
that much more of tho time of the House should
be occupied in the discussion of this bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Surely
a member of tho committeo should receive from
tho chairman of the committee the courtesy
of being allowed an opportunity to discuss this
measure.
Mr. GARFIELD. Thegentlcman from Penn-
sylvania shall have as much time as I have.
He will bo under no greater restriction than
myself. 1 now yield to the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] for five minutes.
Mr. PI KE. Am I to be hedged in by the lim-
itation of five minutes? I may possibly wish
to occupy six minutes. [Laughter.]
Mr. J OIINSON. 1 would like to be al lowed
eight or ten minutes for a few remarks on this
bill.
_ Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. T will
yield to my colleague a part of my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is entitled to the floor for five minute .
Mr. PIKE. By wdiat authority am I limited
to five minutes?
The SPEAKER. By the authority of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] "whohas
charge of the bill, and who is now entitled to
the floor.
Mr. PIKE. Three or four speeches of an
hour each have been made in favor of this hill;
no opposition, I believe, has been made to it.
In the consideration of a bill like this, involv-
ing the Government in an expense of SfiO.OOO,
or ?100.000, or $200,000, it is strange that a
member cannot be allowed more than five
minutes to express Ins views in opposition to
tho measure.
_ Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman in-
form me how much time he will want?
Mr. PIKE. I may not want more than five
minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. Weil, than, the gentle-
man can have five minutes.
Mr. PIKE. If I should want to occupy ten
minutes, I should like to have that too.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the attention of
the House to the provisions of this bill; in the
first place to its machinery. The bill provides
for a new department of this Government,
following the language of the act establishing
a Department of Agriculture, and 1 suppose
