4006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July "21,
shall pass this joint resolution, to-night, as the
House has already adjourned we shall not
hasten it any.
Mr._ HENDERSON. We shall not gain
anything by pushing matters now.
Mr. SUMNER. We shall gain nothing.
That seems to me a consideration in favor of
letting it go over until Monday morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL andothers._ Wegainaday.
Mr. SUMNER, The House is not in session
to-night.' The resolution cannot go to the
House. I think, therefore, the Senator from
Missouri is right.
Mr. WILSON. We can have next Monday
to devote to other business.
Mr. CONNESS. I submit to the honorable
Senator from Missouri whether he will not
take the sense of the Senate at once on the
motion to adjourn, and then let the Senate do
as it chooses.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is the Senator tired
of hearing me? I really supposed he always
listened to me with pleasure——
Mr. CONNESS. I do usually.
Mr. HENDERSON. If he is at all fa-
tigued 
Mr. CHANDLER. I call the Senator to
order. He made a motion to adjourn and is
now debating it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not made any
motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has not heard a motion to adjour:
Mr. CONNESS. I will say that I do always
hear the Senator from Missouri with great
pleasure. I appeal to him, however, not to
keep the Senate in this manner at this time.
Mr. HENDERSON. Other Senators have
kept me here until six o'clock; I have had no
dinner; and now when I undertake to inflict
a short speech upon the Senate, other Sena-
tors feel that they are hungry, and the Senator
from California feels very hungry and desires
to leave immediately. If he had only thought
of this a liltle while sooner, of course we
could all ha\ e had our dinners by this time.
Vf e are not going to finish this joint resolution
to-night. The Senator from Nevada has just
offered an amendment.
Several Senators. It was voted down.
Mr. HENDERSON. There will be other
amendments ; we shall never get through in
this way ; and therefore 1 now move that the
Senate adjourn, and I hope that we shall do
so. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Edmund?, Henderson, Hendricks. Kirkwood, Mc-
Dou^all, Morgan, Ncsmith, Sprague, Sumner, Van
"Winkle, and Willev—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Cunness,CreMvell, Foster, Howard. Howe, Lane, Mor-
rill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Stewart, Trumbull,W ado,
"Williams, Wilson, and Yates—2D.
ABSENT—Messrs, Uragin, Dixon, Eessenden,
Grimes, Outhrie, Harris, Johnson, Norton, Ramsey.
Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, and Wright—13.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to amend the
-resolution by striking out in the third line all
after the word "is'' to the word "entitled"
in the fourth line. The words I propose to
strike out are: "hereby restored to her former
proper, practical relations to the Union, and
is again ;" so that the joint resolution will read:
That the State of Tennessee is entitled to be rep-
resented by Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress.
Mr. LANE. That amendment was proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. BricK-
alew] word for word, and voted down by the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it to be a different proposition.
The Senator from Pennsylvania moved to strike
out the word " hereby" and the two words " is
again."
Mr. BUCKALEW. That was my proposi-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a dif-
ferent proposition, in the opinion of the Chair,
and is in order.
_ Mr. McDOUGALL. The whole of this en-
tire proposition is, I think, irregular; and
although it may not be a violation of the Con-
stitution, it is a proceeding ignoring the pro-
visions of the Constitution. I agree substan-
tially and indeed particularly with the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan.] There is a
State of Tennessee, an organized State within
this Union where we exercise jurisdiction,
where we have judges and courts established,
and our own administrative department of the
Government in full action. It has at the pres-
ent time all the qualities of a State, and by all
the conduct of the Government in this body as
well as on the part of the Executive recognized
as such.
Then what follows? The right of represen-
tation in the two branches of Congress ; and
in judging about that right, it is simply a ques-
tion of qualification : and the question of quali-
ficationisfixed by the Constitution, and charged
severally upon the two Houses of Congress.
This is not, cannot be made legislation. It has
no business to be a concurrent resolution, for
the reason that it is the office of this body to
act in each given case for itself, and it is the
office of the other branch of Congress to act
in each given case ; and this rule cannot be
departed from in practice without a departure
from the policy established by the terms of the
Constitution. I am as anxious to see the State
of Tennessee admitted with her complete rights
on the floor of Congress as any member upon
this floor, and have been for a long time past.
I wish as soon as possible to see all the States
of this Union represented in the two branches
of Congiess, but I desire at the same time to
have it done in a legitimate way, in the man-
ner provided for by the fundamental law; and
what is that manner? When Senators come
here and present themselves with their creden-
tials from the State of Tennessee, we are to
determine then the question whether they are
entitled to their seats or not, whether they have
the qualifications. Then the question arises
properly. We might ourselves, as a Senate,
declare that Tennessee was entitled to repre-
sentation on this floor ; but that is not the le-
gitimate way to raise the question. It is for
the Senator to present himself here, and then
for the Senate to determine whether he is qual-
ified or not; and so of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
I should like to vote for the proposition pre-
sented by the Senator from Pennsylvania; but
as this entire proposition assumes a policy ad-
verse to the policy inaugurated and established
by the Constitution, I do not think it can have
my support or should have the support of the
Senate.
Again, there is aradical objection to the prop-
osition. The preamble as it stands recites what
I think the body of the Senate believe to be an
untruth. As we are advised here, our best
advice is that the Legislature of Tennessee has
not approved of the amendment to the Consti-
tution of this session. That is the information
which we obtain, and a gentleman elected a
Senator from Tennessee, who would under this
resolution come in and claim his seat, informed
me this morning that he did not understand
the amendment to have been adopted. It as-
sumes what is not the fact, as a cause for the
conclusion arrived at; but besides, this is not,
in my judgment, the true constitutional mode
of arriving at a conclusion.
However, as I do not care about occupying
time—I rose more particularly for the purpose
of expressing my views—I will withdraw the
amendment so that a vote may be had. T wished
my exact views on this subject to beunderstood.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the joint resolution to be read
the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to
Senators once more to drop this preamble.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will
allow me, I desire that there should be a vote
on the proposition made by the Senator from
California. I desire to record my vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California withdrew his proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to rent.'y it,
not to discuss it, but simply to take the vote
of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor must first move to reconsider the vote by
which thfe amendments were ordered to be
engrossed and the joint resolution to be read
a third time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have
unanimous consent -to take the vote of the
Senate on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will agree to the recon-
sideration if the Senator will go under bonds
not to make a speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have already said
that I do not desire to say anything upon it,
but merely to have a vote on the proposition.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, if my friend from
Indiana will allow me, I will renew the amend-
ment of the Senator from California.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to make an
appeal about another thing.
Mr. President, I am going to vote for this
resolution, not for the reasons stated in the
preamble. I do not intend that your preamble,
which I believe to be false in fact in some re-
spects and false in logic throughout, shall pre-
vent me from voting for a proposition which,
although somewhat objectionable in form, ar-
rives at a result that I very much desire; that
is, the admission to representation in Congress
of a State which I think ought to be admitted;
but I wish to appeal to Senators again that some
Senator who voted for this preamble will move
to rcconsiderit. We shall then have notrouble.
We are all willing to vote for the resolution;
we'are all willing to come to the result; but we
do not believe in the logic of the preamble, and
some of us believe that it may embarrass action
on the question hereafter and possibly delay
the adjournment. I feel very anxious for the
adjournment, as I suppose all Senators do. The
preamble does no good. It was rejected once
by the Senate, but some influence or other
induced the Senate to adopt it afterward.
Whether it was the earnest appeal of the Sen-
ator from Illinois to save his measure or not,
or what it was, I do not know; but very
strangely, it was adopted after it had been
once rejected.
Now, I appeal to Senators to drop that. Let
us take the measure and we shall have no de-
lays. I am going to vote for the resolution
whatever is done about it. I do not consider
that I am voting for the preamble. It is a
thing that ought not to be forced upon us. It
is not right to do it. It is not true, in my judg-
ment; at least we have n,o evidence to support
it; and it is a very unsafe thing, with the little
information that we have, to declare that Ten-
nessee has ratified the constitutional amend-
ment. It is a thing that I think Senators do
not approve of in their own judgments. But,
although I do not like the preamble, I am going
to vote for the resolution, and will appeal to
Senators to strike that off. If not, I want to
get through with this business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, what is
the question before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin moves to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the words "hereby re-
stored to her former practical relations to the
Union and is again," the samo amendment
moved by the Senator from California, as the
Chair understands.
^Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that question I
will ask a vote of the Senate by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Secretary to
read the resolution as it will read with those
words out.
The Secretary -.-ead as follows :
Be it resolved, <iA, That the State of Tennessee is
