2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
tices, if it shall persist in excluding tlie representa-
tives of eleven States trom fheir rightful feat?, and in
exercising the powers of the Congress of tne Lnitcd
States, we do not he.-itate to declare that it will be-
come the solemn duty of President Johnson^o con-
stitute himself the Cromwell of the time, and dissolve
the rump by military power."
C. C. Burr, a Democratic orator and writer,
in his paper, the Old Guard, in the issue of
January, 1800, in eulogizing General R. E.
Lee, says:
" It is a question which impartial and inexorable
history will have to settle whether a success on his
part would not have proved a benefit to his country."
He further says:
"When every Democratic editor will speak out his
real thoughts and say boldly and defiantly that he
believes men like General Robert E. Lee to be patri-
ots, and men like Stanton and Seward to be traitors,
there will be more honest men in the land than there
are now, and there will be better hope for liberty—
for our country's lasting peace and honor."
When I remember that those "Democratic
editors" have never uttered a word in condem-
nation of the action of General Lee from the
time he ignominiously betrayed the confidence
of General Scott and the country, and basely
drew his sword against the Government on
•whose patronage he had lived, to the present
time, and that they have never ceased to apply
the vilest epithets to the other two distin-
guished men named. I cannot avoid the con-
viction that Mr. Burr speaks what he knows
on this subject.
For myself, standing in my place in the
American Congress, representing a people who
have freely poured out their treasure and their
blood that this nation might live, and speaking
for thousands of homes made desolate by the
■war, with the dust of the bravest and best of
my constituents sleeping in patriots' graves,
almost within sound of my voice. I am ready
to swear, by all the sanctity of this free-will
offering, that I will never consent, by my vote„
that the Government of this country shall be
taken from the loyal citizens who have saved
it by their blood and given to traitors. Could
I be so false and base as to do so, I should
expect the gory dead to rise up in judgment
against me.
We have emerged from the greatest military
struggle on record, and now a moral contest
has commenced. Already we have had seem-
ing defeat. Already our enemies boa>t that
our chosen leader is in sympathy with them
and against us. God grant that the experience
of the war may not be repeated ; and that we
may not be subjected to three years of political
McClellanism and Chickahominy anguish, be-
fore a Grant shall be found to lead us on to
victory.
There is a grandeur in the contest we are
entering amounting to the sublime. Our peo-
ple have stood unawed and invincible in the
midst of the thunder and smoke of terrible
battle, when carnage and death held high car-
nival. It remains for us to show to the nations
of the earth that we can stand erect in this
moral conflict, and, w:th hearts strong and
undaunted, meet every responsibility incident
to the great work which devolves upon us. The
result of this conflict is not doubtful. We may
not now be worthy to enter the promised land
of peace and prosperity which lies before us.
Months and years even of severe conflict may
intervene, but we shall surely win at last.
V< hile God sits on His throne, right and justice
are indestructible. Men may attempt to raise
their puny arms and fight against His purposes,
but they will be paralyzed. The man who
expects to turn the Union party of this country
from its convictions of duty by executive influ-
ence, will soon find he has mistaken the men
who compose it. They have written their prin-
ciples in letters of blood and will not abandon
them. The equal rights of all men before the
law in this country is foreordained of God;
and he who puts himself in the way of its accom-
plishment will find that the terrible ''ground-
swell of popular judgment," referred to by the
President in his speech of the 2'2d of February,
will open a chasm beneath his feet in which he
will be buried out oi sight.
While the nation to-day, in her tears and
ghastly wounds, bows her head before Him who
has given us the victory, she makes the sol-
emn pledau that justice and equal rights to all
her people shall be the rule of her conduct,
and that every element which tends to injustice
and oppression shall be removed from the ba-
sis of the reconstructed Union, and that out-
glorious banner with every star restored, shin-
ing forth with a brighter luster then ever be-
fore, with liberty written in letters of living
light on its ample folds wherever it may float,
on land or sea, shall be the symbol, not merely
of might and power, but of justice, and the
highest civilization of human governments, in-
spiring the great heart of universal humanity
with better hopes, and prompting to nobler
endeavor.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDox-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed House bill No. 288, to
amend an act relating to habeas corpus, and
regulating judicial proceedings in certain cases,
| approved March 3, 1803, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
amendment of the Senate to the amendment
of the House to the bill (S. No. 89) to issue
American registers to the steam vessels Michi-
gan. Despatch, and William K. Muir.
Also, that the President of the United States
had approved sundry acts and joint resolutions
of the Senate.
! kecon'steuctiox.
I Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield
| a few moments to the gentleman from Penn-
i sylvania, [Mr. Miller.]
i Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, much has been
I said in regard to reconstruction, and as it is one
j of the most momentous questions that has ever
i devolved upon Congress since the formation of
i our Government, it is well that it has attracted
! the serious consideration of both Houses of
: Congress.
' The wicked rebellion having been crushed,
■ the next great question for us to legislate is. to
try to prevent a similar outbreak; and to this
Congress the nation looks for a guarantee of
permanent security. The Union, in legal con-
templation. is perpetual. It is much older than
the Constitution formed by the Articles of Asso-
1 ciation of 1774. matured and continued by the
; Declaration of Independence of July 4, 1770.
| It was further matured, and the faith of the
' then thirteen States expressly plighted and en-
gaged that it should be perpetual, by the Arti-
■ cles of Confederation of "1778, and finally in
' 1787 the declared objects for ordaining and
establishing the Constitution were u to form a
I more perfect union, establish justice, insure
1 domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
; defense, and secure the blessings of liberty to
I ourselves and our posterity." Thus the ori-
: ginal thirteen States ^ere by solemn compact
I cemented together. And the third section of
i the fourth article of the Constitution provides
I that new States may be admitted by Congress
j into this Union.
i Has any State which formed a part of this
Union a light, under the Constitution, to se-
: cede? That right is nowhere admitted in that
; sacred instrument, but the very contrary is
, inculcated.
i Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Cohen
vs. Virginia, G Wheaton, 390, says:
" The people made the Constitution and the people
can unmake it; it h the creature of their will and
live? only%by their will. Bat the supreme invisible
power to m:ike or unmake resides only in the whole
body of th*> people: not in any subdivision of them.
The attempt of any of the parts to exercise it is usui-
pation and o tight to he repelled by those to whom the
people have delegated their power of repelling it."
Mr. Madison in his letter to Mr. Trist, in
I 1822, says:
| " I partake of wonder that the man you name should
' viewsecess:on in thelightmontioned. The essential
! difference between a free Government and a (iovern-
1 rnentnot fr^e is that the former is founded on com-
j pet, the purties to which are mutuullv and equally
bound byit; neitherof them, therefore, have a greater
right to break off from the bargain tlmu the others
have to hold them to it, nnd cerlainly there h noth-
ing in the Virginia resolutions of 17i*$udv< r-'e to this
piinciple, which is that of common sense and com-
mon justice. The fallacy which draw.s a different
conclusion lies in confoamlinga single party with t ho
parties to a constitutional compact of the United
States; the latter having made the compact ma> do
what they will with it, the former, as only one of the
parties, owes fidelity to it till released by consent or
absolved by an intolerable abuse of the power cre-
ated. It is high time that the claim to secede atwiil
should bo put down by public opinion,"
Also Mr. Madison, in his letter to Mi*. Ever-
ett in 1800, said:
"It[the Constitution] was formed by the govern-
ments ol the component States, as the Federal Gov-
ernment for which it was substituted was formed;
nor was U formed by a majority of the people of the
United States as a single community, in the manner
of a consolidated Government. It was formed by tho
States—that is by the people in each of the States
actine in their highest capacity, and formed conse-
quently by the same authority which formed tho
State constitutions.
"Being thus derived from the same source as the
constitution of the States, it has within each State
the same authority as the constitution of the State,
and as much a constitution in the strict sense of the
term, within its prescribed sphere, as the constitution
of the States are within their respective spheres, but
with this obvious and essential difference, that being
a compact among States in their highest sovereign
capacity, and constituting the people thereof one
people for certain.purposes, it cannot be altered or
amended at the will of the State individually, as the
constitution of a State may be at its individual will."
General Jackson, in his letter to Colonel
Hamilton, of November 2, 1812, and the one
to Mr. Crawford, of May 1, 1833, takes strong
grounds against the right of secession. In the
latter he uses this patriotic language:
" Takecare of your nullifiers; you have them among
you; let them meet with the indicrnant frowns of
every man who loves his country. ^ Hainan's gallows
ought to be the fate of such ambitious men."
Mr. Lincoln very properly said in his inau-
gural address of March 4,1861:
" Physically speaking, we cannot separate; we can-
not remove our respective sections from each other,
nor build an impassable wall between them. A hus-
band and wife may be divorced and go out of the
presence and beyond each other, but the different
parts of our country cannot do this. They cannot
but remain face to face."
And in his first message to Congress on the
4th of July, 1861, he stated that—
"The Constitution provides, and alltheStateshave
accepted the provisions, that the United States shall
guaranty to every State a republican form of gov-
ernment, but if a State may lawfully go out of the
Union, having done so, it may also discard the re-
publican form of government; so that to prevent its
going out is an indispensable means to the end of
maintaining the guarantee mentioned."
And finally, in his message of 2d of March,
1862, he repeated that —
"The Union must be preserved, and henee all
indispensable means must be employed."
I need not, however, consume time in citing
authorities against the right of secession, for
even Mr. Buchanan, under whose administra-
tion the rebellion was matured, in his last mes-
sage, delivered on Tuesday the 4th day of De-
cember. 1860, denied that " secession" could
be justified as a constitutional remedy, and
asserted that the principle is wholly inconsist-
ent with the history as well as the character of
the Constitution, but said he could not find
anything in the Constitution to coerce a State
into submission which is attempting to with-
draw from the Confederacy, (notwithstanding
the Constitution which he had sworn to sup-
port required him to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed,) and for this dereliction
of duty his country, on which his adminis-
tration inflicted so much misery, will hold him
responsible.
13ut again, the seed of secession, for many
years sown broadcast in the then slave States
and especially in South Carolina (which was
the nest of treason) has been eradicated by tho
blood of more than three hundred thousand as
brave men as the world ever saw who fell
batrling in defense of the flag of this great Re-
public; and another great moral victory was
achieved by this bloody conflict, which was the
overthrow of a system conceded by every true
patriot to be incompatible with a republican
form of government, and that is slavery.
There are eleven States that the leaders of
the rebellion claim to have speeded, and the
