1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
•unanimous consent of the committee to move
to strike out the following:
For payment of claims duo for the constructing and
furnishing the Baltimore court-house, $109,000.
for payment of claims due for the repair of Gov-
ernment warehouses and construction of wharves,
Stat en Island, New York, $29,000.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotciikiss]
state why he objects to having those clauses
stricken out?
Mr. HOTCIIKISS. I understand that it is
a meritorious claim.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I do
not understand any such thing.
Mr. IIART. I move to amend this bill by
inserting what I send to the Clerk's deskto'be
read.
The Clerk proceeded to read, as follows:
And be U further enacted, That to meet the balance
due for expenses incurred for the Fourteenth street
sewer, across Ohio avenue, across Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and in front of the reservation on the south side
of the avenue, in frontof Franklin square, and across
Vermont and Massachusetts avenues, $1,084 50.
For I'i street north, paving carriage-way in frontof
reservation south side of E street north, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets west, five hundred
and fifty-three feet, $2,0.;7.
For Seventh street sewer, in front of Patent and
Post Offices, also in frontof Government reservation,
and across Pennsylvania avenue and Louisiana ave-
nue, $12,712.
For Four-and-a-half street, paving Four-and-a-
half street to canal and Missouri avenue, also side
foot-walks, four hundred feet, $4,910,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
far enough. I understand this whole thing. It
is the same amendment that was ruled out of
order the other day as not being in accordance
with any existing law.
Mr. HART. I claim that this is strictly in
accordance with existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hart] will send up the law
under which he claims that this amendment
is in order.
Mr. HART. I will do so.
Mr. STEVENS. When was this work done?
Mr. HART. It was done in 1864 and 1805.
Mr. STEVENS. Then it is not the oldclaim
we had here the other day?
Mr. HART. This work was all done after
the passage of the law of 1864. I ask the Clerk
to read the third section of an act approved
May 5, 18(!4.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Pec.". And be it further enactcd, That in all cases
in which the streets, avenues, or alleys of the said city
pass through or by any of the property of the United
States, the Commissioner of Public Buildings shall
pay to the duly authorized officer of the corporation
the just proportion of the expense incurred in improv-
ing such avenue, street, or alloy which the said prop-
erty beais to the whole cost thereof, to be ascertained
in the same mannerasthesameisapportionedamong
the individual proprietors of the property improved
thereby."
Mr. HART. Xow, Mr. Chairman, I ask for
the reading of a communication from the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, which I send to
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Office Commissioner of Public Buildings,
Capitol of the United States,^
"Washington City, January 22,1S66.
Sib: In compliance with your request, I have the
honor to report that I have gone, with great care,
over the items of charge made by the mayor of Wash-
ington against the United States in hib letter ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Interior in ^November
last. I have done this with diagrams of the city of
Washington and the mayor's vouchers before me. I
find that every iiupiovement specified as fronting on
a public f-pace or reservation is so situated, the dis-
tances are correct where stated, and where notstated
I have measured them and given them to the com-
mittee, with the prices charged, which, in my opin-
ion, are very reasonable, indeed,; m many instances
exceedingly low.
I have made a detailed report on this subject, which
I have the honor to inclose.
I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,
B. B. FllKNCIIj
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Hon* e, c. ixgerroll, chairman, of the Committee for
the District of Columbia, House of Representatives,
United States,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to ask thegentleman from New York [Mr.
IIart] what is the aggregate amount proposed
to be appropriated by his amendment.
Sir. HART. About thirty-six thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not see,
Mr. Chairman, that this propositionispresented
in such a shape as to bring it within the scope
of the act which has been read. I insist upon
my point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This proposition has
once already been ruled out of order.
Mr. SPALDING. I would inquire of the
gentleman from New York whether this is not
the same mattfer that was offered in Committee
of the Whole some days ago.
Mr. HART. It is the same matter, but it did
not then seem to be understood by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
this amendment having on a previous day been
decided out of order, and no appeal having been
taken from that decision, the present occupant
of the chair has no right to overrule the decision
previously made.
Mr. IIART. I do not understand that any
such decision was made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has been in-
formed by the Clerk that this was decided out
of order.
Mr. HART. This is a just debt, and it ought
to be paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state, if the Chair
will allow me, what I understood to have been
the previous action of the committee on this
subject. There were a large number of items
of this kind, running back to 1855. The first
item, referring back to 1855. was offered, and
a question of order was raised upon it. There
being no law for 1864, the Chairman ruled that
that item, so far as it went, was out of order.
It is true that this item was a part of the same
series, but it was never offered.
Mr. HAIIT. The gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] lias stated the case cor-
rectly, as I understand it. The amendment
which I now present is designed to pay a claim
for work done since the passage of the act which
has been lead. As I understand the matter,
the chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia the other day had mingled with
some claims resting on legal authority others
in reference to which there may be a question
whether they are covered by the law. I desire
to separate these two classes of claims, and
present only those for which we have clear legal
authority.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair lias been in-
formed by the Clerk, on reexamination of the
matter, that this amendment is not the same
that was ruled out of order the other day. This
amendment proposes to pay for work done since
the passage of the law of 1804. Therefore it
is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
should like the gentleman from New York to
present to the committee some evidence that
will warrant an appropriation of thiity or forty
thousand dollars for the payment, of a claim of
this kind.
Mr. HART. I have already presented the
letter of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The letter
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings is
not, I think, sufficient evidence to justify this
committee in voting an appropriation of'money
for a purpose of this kind. V, e ought to have
the bills, and they ought to be thoroughly ex-
amined by the Committee for the District of
Columbia. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hart] is, 1 believe, a member of that
committee.
Mr. HART. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then let
that committee examine this subject carefully,
and if they believe these claims are just, let
them report a bill to meet them, and let them
present to the House the facts of the ease, so
that we may jiass upon t he question intelligibly.
I protest, against the introduction of appropri-
ations for these "claims in a bill of this kind,
with no proper evidence before the House as
to their correctness,
The amendment was not agreed to j there
being, on a division—ayes 88, noes 65.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the Indian service in Utah, being for Money
advanced by Bngham Young, while Governor and etc
officio superintendent of Indian affairs, found dueand
allowed by the Secretary of the Interior, $38,487 S3.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
strike that out, and I desire to state, as briefly
as I can, some of the reasons why I think it
should be stricken out.
I am aware this account of Brigham Young
has been submitted to the Interior Depart-
ment, and, as reported in this bill, found due
to him; and I believe it has also been reported
to be due by a commission sent to investigate
it; and on this statement of facts was, I pre-
sume, presented to the Committee on Appro-
priations. The Committee on Indian Affairs
at the last session of Congress reported the
same amount to be paid to Brigliam Young;
that bill was placed upon the Calendar, but, on
further investigation, new facts being discov-
ered in reference to it, that committee were
induced to prevent the passage of the bill at
that Congress. I desire to present some of
the facts upon which we changed our action in
regard to this appropriation.
As I stated a moment ago, I have no doubt
this amount was paid out by Brigham Young,
but for what purpose and'uuder what circum-
stances was it paid, at least a portion of it ? I
find this money   as paid out in 1857. I believe
he made the claim it was to keep the peace
between the Government of the United States
and tlie Indians, and was paid out in the way
of presents to the Indians surrounding that
Territory. I believe it is well known now that,
at the same time these presents were being
made by Brigham Young to keep peace between
those Indians and the United States, we were
'sending a, force for the purpose of conquering
Brigham Young, and I apprehend he was not
anxious the Indians should be upon peaceable
terms with the Government.
Mr. Chairman, on the 10th of December,
1857, occurred one of the most fiendish mas1
sacres which ever disgraced this continent.
Within three hundred and twenty miles of the
city of Sp.lt Lake, if the facts I have to present
can be relied upon, some of the Mormons hav-
ing painted themselves as savages, with the
assist an ce of other savages who needed no paint,
attacked a train crossing from the Arkansas
river to California, and murdered one hundred
and twenty men and women in the most hor-
rible manner. 1 wish I had the time to pre-
sent. these facts in full.
The lirst item of evidence is from the speech
of Judge Cradlebaugh, February 7, 1S0O. He
was formerly a judge in Utah. He says:
"The Indians would not have «aved the infant chil-
dren fiom the slaughter. Neither could tliey have
induced the 'eniiTr,nits' to have tett their protected
posit ion. ith'*iis 1 d M-o be borne in mind that Brig-
liam Young at the time claimed t  be, and was. acting
as superintendent of Indian affairs m the Territory.
There is now pending m ihj- a,claim for thirty
in- forty thousand dollars, which includes about four
thousand doliai.-for goods distributed bj John D. bee
to the Indians about the Mountain Meadows within
twenty davs after the massacre; and also inelocle-^pay
to Loo while he was engaged in the commission of the
massacre. Whether Brigham will get it or not, I do
nij,! know. This, however, 1 do know, that some two
years aao Congress parsed an a't to pay to the T'erri-
toiy of L'tah some fd'tv-two thousand dollars for
amount paid by the Territory in suppressing Indian
host itllies in the Ten itory in the years 1852 and 1853.
I have bcior" me every law parsed in the Territory-,
every appropriation made by the Legislature, and the
statement of the tcnitorial auditoi o£ accounts. I
dety the Delegate from Utah to show that there was
ever appropriated or paid from the treasury or the
Territory an amount to exceed three thousand tour
hundred'dollars. It never was done. But you know
Brisham says 'That he has the most adroit scoun-
drels in the world in Zion, and that he can beat their
sharpest shavers.' Sotherois no telling but m his
persevering he may succeed in procuring Ins demands
for murdering. and expenses of endeavoring to pur-
chase the Indians to aid him in his rebellion, 1 he
present claim was all mado while utan was m rebel-
lion."
I do not know what, reliability is to be placed
upon the statement of Judge Cradlebaugh; I
am not acquainted with him ; but I have some
other evidence on that, point. I now read from
the report of R. P. Campbell, a captain sec-
