1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4007
entitled to be represented by Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress.
Tho Secretary proceeded to call the roll on
the amendment.
Mr. NESM1TH (when Ms name was called)
said: The Senator from Maine [Mr, Fessen-
Den] had to retire from the Chamber on ac-
count of indisposition, and 1 agreed to pair off
with him; otherwise, I should vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 5, nays 25;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalcw, Cowan, Doolittle, Hen-
dricks. and MeDougall—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Oonness, Creswell, Edmunds, Foster. Howard, Howe,
Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy,
Sprngue, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams. Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Craein, Davis, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Chimes. Guthrie, Henderson, Johnson, Kirk-
■vvood, Nesmith, Norton, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Van Winkle, and Wright—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on tho passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word only, as I do not wish to discuss the res-
olution. The amendment which was offered
"by the Senator from California, and which I
renewed, had it been adopted by the Senate,
would have relieved the resolution from what
to my mind is objectionable ; but the result
arrived at in the resolution, to wit, the declara-
tion that the State of Tennessee is entitled to
representation, is, in myjudgment, soimportant
that I shall vote for the resolution, notwith-
standing the objectionable part of it which I
moved to strike out. If the preamble were a
part of the resolution, there are things asserted
in it that I could not vote for; but it is no
part of the resolution, and I can vote for the
resolution.
Mr. COWAN. I have only to say pretty
much the same thing. I desire to attain the
result; that, is the admission of the represent-
atives of Tennessee on the floor of the two
Houses ; and I will not be deprived of casting
my vote to attain that result by any kind of
wrapping-paper that may be put about it. I
wisli to attain the substance without regard to
forms. I think the preamble objectionable,
and I think the language of the resolution ob-
jectionable. I think the mode by which it is
attempted to be achieved altogether and totally
objectionable ; but I will vote for the whole to
attain the desired end.
Mr. NESMITII. I did not vote for the pre-
amble or to insert it in the resolution; but
simply because I desire to see the Senators
from Tennessee admitted, I shall vote for the
resolution as it stands. On tho previous vote
I stated that I had paired off with the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenijen,] who had left
the Chamber on account of indisposition. The
pair was only to extend to preliminary ques-
tions. He gave me to understand that he would
vote for the joint resolution, and therefore I
shall vote in favor of its passage.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it is perhaps
scarcely necessary for me to restate my posi-
tion on this question after having on a previous
occasion discussed so very elaborately the con-
ditions upon which, in my judgment, it would
be proper to restore the rebel States to a nor-
mal relation with the General Government.
But Ifcel as if I could not let this crisis pass with-
out entering one word of final protest against,
the decision which seems about to be arrived
at. You are going to recognize the civil gov-
ernment of the State of Tennessee and to ad-
mit her Senators and Representatives to seats
in this Congress, and yet the grounds on which
you are going to do so are not such as exact
"justice at the hands of rebellion toward those
late in slavery, not such as guaranty safety to
the loyal people against the numerical supe-
riority of treasonable elements, not such as
affirm the honor of this great nation in proteet-
'ng the rights of its citizcns and the liberties !
radiant from its Constitution impartially to all
alike. Can I believe otherwise than that this
settlement which you propose will be no settle-
ment; that the safeguards .you hypothecate will
only be self-delusions; and that on the morrow
you will awaken to fi d out that in the eager
haste to cater to an imagined political preju-
dice, you have surrendered, most ignobly sur-
rendered, the whole question of equal freedom
that has been the inspiration of the entire con-
flict from first to last?
I have often announced in this Senate Cham-
ber that, imbued with the conviction that im-
partial suffrage, making no discrimination of
race or color, was the only solid groundwork
on which reconstruction in the rebel States could
proceed, and that I wtJuld never, by any vote of
mine, conscnt to restore those States to their
former Federal relations until they should first
make impartial suffrage one of the muniments
of their constitutions. I propose to-day to
redeem in part that pledge by refusing to vote
now, in advance of any such action, for the
restoration of Tennessee.
Of the causes which carried Tennessee into
rebellion, that kept Tennessee in rebellion
through long years, and that may make it pos-
sible for Tennessee again to assume attitudes
of rebellion, the most potent still remains—the
disfranchisement of the largest section of her
loyal population on the score of color alone.
It was this disfranchising feature of the slave
code that not only acted directly to degrade
the laboring blacks, but also acted indirectly to
paralyze the laboring whites, to destroy their
political influence, to subject them to slave-
holding opinion, and thus make any treason
possible that was heralded as being in the in-
terest of the dominant class. Scrutinize it
rigidly, strip off deceit of names, reduce sla-
very to its elements, and you will find this to
have been its fatal disturbing political influ-
ence. I say political influence, for it is against
that you are now ostensibly erecting constitu-
tional barriers, and yet before anything in that,
behalf is accomplished, nay abandoning the
very idea of accomplishing anything, you are
ready to readmit Tennessee to your commun-
ion and fellowship with the fatal virus of fu-
ture disease, lurking in her constitution, and
the great instrument of class despotism there
ready again to be shaped into class treason.
Sir, there is no national safety in this pro-
cedure.
Mr. President, I speak these words now not
in the interest of any party, but in behalf of
humanity, of justice, of right; and yet were
I the Oracle to-day of^your Republican Union
organization, 1 would plead with you, iny
friends, not to make this humiliating suu-ender
of the very life principle of your party. Repub-
licanism means nothing if it means not impar-
tial, universal suffrage. Republicanism is a
mockery and a lie if it can assume to admin-
ister this Government in the name of freedom,
and yet sanction, as this act will, the disfran-
chising of a large, if not the largest, part of
the loyal population of the rebel States, on the
pretext of color and race.
But, sir, I rose only to enter my disclaimer,
to affirm that your materially modified pream-
ble takes nothing from the bad significance of
the resolution itself, to declare from my place
in the American Senate that I will have no part
or parcel in any such deed, and to say that
while I arraign neither the conscience nor
motive of any member who may differ from
me, yet I take appeal to the future to vindicate
the correctness of that judgment on which I
act, and which finds so little of concurrence
here in the present. So reliant, I shall vote
against restoring any rebel State that does not
guaranty impartial suffrage in its organic law.
Above all I shall vote against Tennessee, where
impartial suffrage was once of right the rule
till abolished by the slave code.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays -1; as follows :
YE-VS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark. Con-
nose. Cowan, Creswell, Dooliltlv, K'lmunds, Foster,
} Iondriolis. Howard, Mown, bane, Mor>caii. Morrill, ,
Nesmith, Nye, Poland, I'omcroy, Spraguc, Stewart, 1
Trumbull, Tan Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—28.
NAYS—-Messrs.Brown, Buckalew,MeDougall, and
Sumner—i.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Davis. Dixon, Fessen-
den. Grimes, Ctufchne, Harris, Henderson, Johnson,
Kirkwood. Norton, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, and Wright—16.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
title so as to read, "A joint resolution con-
cerning Tennessee."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as adopted, unless
there be objection.
Several Senators objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, will be an the motion of the Sena-
tor from Illinois to amend the title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was an amend-
ment to the title reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary. Let it be read.
Tho Secretary. "A joint resolution con-
cerning the State of Tennessee."
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why?
. Mr. CONNESS. I will try to stale briefly
the "why." It is true the resolution concerns
the State of Tennessee; but the object gen-
erally is to state in the titles of bills and reso-
lutions as succinctly as possible their purpose.
To say that this resolution concerns Tennessee
is very general indeed. I propose to amend
the existing title, if I can, before the question
is taken on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, by inserting after the word ' 'declar-
ing" the words "the State of," so that it- will
read, "A joint resolution declaring the State
of Tennessee again entitled to Senators and
Representatives in Congress."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do hope that the Sen-
ator from California is not going to fall into the
lead set by his colleague, who says that this is
nothing but simply a proposition to admit Sen-
ators and Representatives. The Senator from
Pennsylvania and the Senator from Wisconsin
have been telling us that that is all there is to
it, and all we have got to do. Now I insist
there is something else in the resolution. There
is a declaration that the State of Tennessee is
restored to her former proper, practical rela-
tions to the Union. There is something more
than simply admitting Senators aud Represent-
atives. I deny the position of the Executive,
that he has taken all the time, that Congress
has no authority over this question of recon-
struction except to admit Senators and Repre-
sentatives. This is a resolution in reference to
the State of Tennessee, restoring her to her
practical relations, and these words about ad-
mitting Senators and Representatives are of no
meaning at all. They need not be in it. The
legal effect of it would bo precisely the same
if they were out. The great point is to restore
Tennessee to her constitutional relations to the
Union and declare that she is restored. That
is all the necessity there is for it,
Mr. CONNESS. The title of the Senator
does not declare any such thing. The title
that he proposes is that it concerns Tennessee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, alter it then to
declare it.
Mr. CONNESS. It is for the Senator to
alter it. The Senator has proposed a motion.
If be will declare it to be it resolution to restore
Tennessee to her practical relations to the Gov-
ernment, that will satisfy me; it will mean some-
thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would be satisfied with
that. It is only longer.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest that the title
be, A joint resolution restoring Tennessee to
her proper, practical relations to the Union."
Mr. CONFESS. That will be satisfactory
to rue.
