1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL.GLOBE.
3047
following the eminent examples wo have liad
in that department. We are to have a new
department of the Government; and I am very
sorry to see that the Commissioner of Agri-
culture is to be so far thrown into the shade
as to have but three fifths of the salary that is
provided for this new office. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] suggests that this
new department should be attached to the
Department of Agriculture. He may make
that motion; and 1 will yield to him for that
furpose, if I have any time remaining when
conclude.
Mr. Speaker, the proposition is to have a
new department; and I am very happy to see
that the bill provides very liberally for ex-
penses. Of the several thousand officers at
the other end of the avenue, there are, if I
recollect aright, but two who now receive a
salary of $d,000. One is the Treasurer of the
United States, and the other the head of the
banking department. The others mainly re-
ceive no more than the modest salary that we
get for the performance of our duties here in
Congress.
Five thousand dollars is to be the salary of
the new officer. Then follow the body and the
rest of the department, summing up some thir-
teen thousand dollars. Quarters are to bo pro-
vided in a corresponding liberal scale by the
Commissionorof Public Buildings and Grounds.
Whether a new building is to bo erected we do
not know. I understand all the present public
ofliees are occupied. I understand that (he
Government, in addition, are Jiiringothcr build-
ings at great expense. Whether a new struct-
ure is to be erected, or a building is to be
hired, I know not. But all accommodations
are to be provided liberally.
I make no quarrel with this matter in detail ;
I only speak of the machinery which is pro-
vided by this most intelligent committee for the
purpose of accomplishing this work.
Wow, what is the work to be accomplished?
The bill provides, in the first place, that the
business of the bureau shall be to collect sta-
tistics. Whether it is to have original juris-
diction of these facts like the Census Bureau,
and to send out its agents to gather them up
and embody them; whether it is to collect new
facts in relation to public schools, or whether
they are to take the returns of the different
States and analyze them, the bill does not in-
dicate. The machinery would indicate that
this department is to have original jurisdiction
of these facts. They are to collect these facts.
That is the first great business of the bureau.
Secondly, it is provided it shall be the duty
of the Commissioner of Education to present
annually to Congress a report. Of what use
is it to present that report and have it filed
away here among the archives of Congress?
Of course it will be of no use unless ordered
to be printed. It will be no use to print it
unless it is printed in large numbers and dis-
tributed throughout the country. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts says we will take care
of it when it comes here. How will you take
care of it? It will bo printed in large num-
bers. We are not going to slight this new de-
partment of the Government. We are to have
it distributed in like numbers with the agri-
cultural report. Each one of those reports
cost the Government $1 50. The chairman
of the Committee on Printing [Mr. L.vflin]
just now tells me that the agricultural report
costs $200,000 annually, and that is outside
of the monthly reports on cholera, hog dis-
ease, and various other items of intelligence.
Following that eminent example we are to
have unlimited expense in public printing.
The gentleman from New York, chairman
of the Committee on Public Printing, told us
the other day that the expense of public print-
ing runs up to two millions a year. We have
a printing office, the largest in the known
world, consuming year by year, at least last
year, one thirteenth of the whole value of
printing paper of the country according to the
census of ] 8G0. I should think, therefore, that
office is at present sufficiently engaged.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Air. GARFIELD. I will yield five minutes
more to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. I?IKE. It is to gather statistics of the
common schools of the country. Of course
there is no need to go into the statistics of
those who are studying the higher branches of
mathematics. We do not want statistics of
colleges in this country. 1 submit whether all
this machinery for the collection of facts had
not better be left to the States. I ask whether
it is not better that the States of the Union
should not be left to have something to do.
We have bills to reorganize the railroad sys-
tems of the United States. Wo established
railroad corporations in the ignorant State of
Pennsylvania which did not know its own
needs and wants. We have a serious prop-
osition that all the telegraphic wiies shall
center here and shall be under the control of
the Postmaster General. And boio we have
in addil ion a scheme of governmental control
of ail the common schools.
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] sa\s it is merely an initiatory meas-
ure. He means by that, [ suppose, that this
measure, which commences in criticism upon
the public schools of the country, shall end in
making direct appropriations for that purpose.
1 think he said something about the Govern-
ment undertaking the education of all thefreed-
mcn of the country. If tlicy would confine
their efforts to that. I should not lie so much
opposed as I am to this measure. But now we
have the initiation of a system. At another
time it will bo more fully developed. The
school-houses of the country will go under the
control of the General Government. Churches,
I suppose, arc to follow next. So, taking
the railroads, telegraphs, school-houses, and
churches it would seem Congress would leave
little to us but our local taxation and our local
pauperism. If they would take them too I do
not know as [ would object.
But 1 submit in all seriousness that these
matters of education had better be left to the
States where they are much more economically
managed and where they properly belong.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman yield for a question?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. IIUBBA.RO, of Connecticut,. I ask the
gentleman how many people thei o are in Maiue
who can neither read nor write.
Mr. PIKE, About half as many, I believe,
as there are in Connecticut. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. There are
none in the State of Connecticut who cannot
read or write except those who come from
Maine and other foreign countries. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. PIKE. Wo educate our foreign popu-
lation. [Laughter, j
Mr. I1UBBABD, of Connecticut. I would
like to ask one question further. Congress
has been accustomed from time to lime to do-
nate large amounts of public land to Maine
and other new States for purposes of educa-
tion, and I "would like very well to know what
use has been made of those benevolent grants,
especially by the State of Maine.
Mr. PIKE. I suppose the gentleman ought
to be aware that the State of Maine has got.
nothing out of the Government for her pnMie
schools, either in the way of public, lands or
otherwise. So that we will not talk about that,
but will talk seriously for a few moments about
this bill.
College professors in this country do not get
on an average more than $1,000 a year salary.
I doubt if they got that. 1 am told that one of
the wealthiest institutions in this country (Har-
vard) gives its president but S;VJ,500 a year.
These men arc diligent. They attend to their
business day by day. They are educating the
youth of their localities. The State Legisla-
tures are also engaged in this work. They have
their common schools everywhere.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I will now yield a'few
minutes to my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Itvxiur.j,, of Pennsylvania.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Before
commencing mv remarks, Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to have the amendment which 1 propose
to this bill read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follcrws :
Strikeout all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof thelollowing:
That there shafl bo established, by tho Secretary
of the Interior, a Bureau of Education for the pur-
pose of collecting sue'a statistics and facts as shall
show the condition and progiess of education in tbo
several stales and Territories, and of diffusing such
information respecting the organization and man-
agement of schools and school systems and methods
of teaching a - shall aid the people of the. United
.States in the establishment and maintenance of effi-
cient school systems, and otherwise promote theeauso
of education Uuuughout tho country; and for this
purpose lie is hereby authorized to appoint two clerks,
at a. salary of Sf ,600 each per annum.
Sac. 2. And be it .further aincted, That it sbaJl bo
tho duty ot the Secretary of ttie hitoria-- present
anna,iSiv to Congress a, renort embodying the results
of hi< investigations and labors, together with a state-
ment ot si'ch facts and lecommeodutions as will in
Jus jodumint subserve the purpose for which this
derailment is established. In the first report made
by the Secretary of the Intra tor under this act, there
shall be pi escated a statement of tho sevei al grants
ot land made bv Congress to promote education, and
tiie manner in which these several trusts have been
managed, the amount of funds aiising theiefrom,
and tilo annual proceeds of the same, as far as the
same can be determined,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is my
object, as far as possible, to promote educa-
tion; and if I thought any necessity whatever
existed for the establishment of a new bureau
in eonncciion with the education of the youth
of the country 1 should lean to that side more
strongly than 1 do. But 1 conceive at this
time, and under present circumstances, that
there is no necessity whatever for the estab-
lishment of a Bureau of Education, to be con-
trolled by the central power here. The sys-
tems of education throughout the country have
been left to State authority. The laising of
the revenue for educational purposes, the
method of its expenditure, and the system of
instruction have all been left entirely with the
States.
.Now, my amendment proposes to leavo this
question of statistics in reference to the State
educational systems to the Secretary of the
Interior, where it properly belongs, if it be-
longs to any Department of the Government.
It is, as has been said by fhe gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,] apart of the sys-
tem, or should be part of the system, of taking
the census.
i have not. relied solely upon my own judg-
ment in regard to the subjeet. I have sought
information from those who I believe are
qualified by experience wisely to advise me
how to act in reference to it. as a member of
the committee from which this bill is reported,
and I now wish to read a portion of a letter I
have received from a distinguished gentleman
connected with education in this country, Mr.
Frederick A. Packard, upon this subject. He
says:
"It is nearly fifty years since I was ar-tivefy con-
cerned in the public setiool system of ."Massachusetts,
and nearly forty since T came to reside in Philadel-
phia. Mv connection lor several years with the di-
rection of Guaid College obliged mo to look with
some care into the schools and school-books of the
country." "You will perceive
fh.it L am not, for the new schemo rcfeired to your
committee.'"
I have been associated with Mr Packard
and know him well, and I know that, he would
not pass his judormeut except, upon well-founded
experience.' llis judgment upon this subject I
will read:
" It is verv easy to sketch n magnificent scheme of
national in -"traction, beginning with the infant school
and teinnuntiugm a colossal university, assigning a
fixed term ot years, ke., corps o< teachers and pro-
fes^ois to each grade, arid drawing on the Treasurer
of the L'nited States at tho close of tho year for
twenty or forty millions to cover the expense. And
it maybe shown, moreover, that such stupendous
enterprises have been successful m Holland, iu
France, and in Prussia, lint wo mu-t never forget
that with fhciii the peor-ic depend on the Govern-
ment, while with in the Government depends on the
people. Ail our ministers ot state and of religion
combined caioiut oaaa a church nor close a grog-
shop against the will of the peopie."
Now, there is the judgment of a man wlio,
