1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
he introduced were not only easily carried in
the committees of which he was chairman, but
when they were brought into the Senate nearly
always passed without even a division. He
participated in all the important debates, bring-
ing those acceptable offerings which aid in the
solution of subjects under discussion; and,
without making any dazzling display, or aspir-
ing to any domination, justly wielded a large
influence over his fellow-members. If lie was
not their Mentor, there was no other Senator
whose counsel upon all subjects was more fre-
quently sought, or more generously appreci-
ated.
Nature had dealt liberally with him, having
given to him a fine figure as well as a full and
well-poised mind; and in his youth the graces
of his person bespoke favor. In his age he not
only spoke like a Senator, but with the mastery
of a piercing eye, that " spoke audience ere the
tongue," looked like one, and, as such, his
words were accepted as wise among wise men.
In his conversation he led, when he led at all,
with useful topics for discussion, and then pur-
sued them with unflagging- animation, not mo-
nopolizing all the time, but ever and anon show-
ing himself an engaged and gentle listener, as
ready to be pleased with the wit of others as
with his own. An hour with him produced no
impression of a sermon or a comedy, but his
sense and humor were so commingled that those
who enjoyed such intercourse felt that neither
the one nor the other could have been more
dignified and useful, nor more pleasant and ex-
hilarating. To all his natural advantages, to
all his varied experience, he added patient in-
dustry and force of character. He decided noth-
ing by intuition—not looking for Jupitcr to come
to his aid from the clouds—but, helping him-
self, he always diligently studied subjects as they
came up in all their parts and relations; so that
his opinions, whether in the social circle, on the
bench, or in the Senate, far from being crude
or extravagant, were the fruit of wise reflec-
tion, and no man reasoned more independently,
or was less afraid to stand alone.
Senator Collamer was not a wide and desul-
tory reader, though well versed in history and
Standard literature—including many quaint and
rare old books—but he was a very diligent and
conscientious student of the books he loved,
retaining forever any mastery he had once ac-
quired over them, and among them none were
more thoroughly read and inwardly digested
than the Bible. A model in the regularity of
his habits, modest and republican in his style
of living—in his tastes as well as principles—ho
maintained a character of spotless purity in all
the relations of life, public and private, and
his own home was made happy by his^iresence.
His piety was unaffected, and he was a regular
attendant wherever he dwelt upon divine wor-
ship. He was liberal and public" spirited in
proportion to his means, though an economical
manager of his own affairs, as he was of those
of his country. In his own State at the time
of his decease he was regarded as her foremost
man, and his loss will be mourned by the na-
tion as the loss of one of its great men.
I believe he desired to be regarded as a
Christian statesman, and any terms added to
these he would have considered as terms of
diminution. lie preferred to be quietly right
rather than to be conspicuous and wrong. He
sought to convince, not to be eloquent. He
was impressive rather than impulsive. He ap-
pealed to the reason of men, and did not aim t<J
excite their temper. He tried to make his au-
dience understand the weight of the argument,
not to please them with the beatitudes of rhet-
oric. The truths to which he gave utterance
were calculated in their naked simplicity, some-
times in their puritanic, gritty homeliness of
phrase, to stand the tests of all time, but he
took no care to embalm his works with the
ornaments of the schools, or the spoils of liter-
ature in order to win that fame which style
often secures even to shallow thinkers. It was
breadth of view and not felicity of diction he
aimed at. He borrowed little from others. His
intellectual structures werebuiltoftimberhehad 1
freshly cut and hewn on his own domains, redo-
lent of the perfume of the forest, and were not
piled up from dead drift-wood quotations which
float on the surface of learning,"so tempting
to merely literary wreckers. Though always
bravely in earnest and self-conscious of his
power, he had no hot blood, teeming with a
luxuriant progeny of hyperbole and fancy, but
his unembellished words always kept on a level
with his argument, clear, cogent, and inspiring
the hearer with the idea that the speaker was
wiser, freighted with more thought upon the
subject, than himself. Knowing that the human
mind wearies with long-continued attention, he
was accustomed to enliven his speech with an
occasional apposite anecdote, of which he pos-
sessed a wonderful opulence, but they were
always chaste and never delayed the argument.
They were single flashes of wit which shed light
over the subject in hand, while the speakerjind
hearer were a long way further on in their jour-
ney. Though it was obvious that he had a
keen relish for wit, he more worshiped the light
which shines forever than the momentary bril-
liancy of the meteor, and was more truly great
in the irresistible logic with wdiich he was wont
to intrench himself and bid defiance to oppo-
nents.
He scrutinized novelties, and was slow to ex-
change a present inheritance for future pros-
pects. But, if he was not an innovator, he was
ready to sustain and defend any well-considered
and substantial improvement. Conservative
from natural temperament, as well as age and
experience, he yet never was unwilling to strike
at any tangible evil or governmental abuse.
The Constitution of his country he had read
with profound attention, and upholding it in all
its parts, mainly in accordance with the school
of Madison, he strove to be the guardian of the
natural rights of the people as well as the just
authority of the G overnment. He loved liberty
and revered law. Loving his own State dearly,
and watchful of all her rights, he never hesi-
tated to subordinate her sovereignty to that of
the nation. His merits in the Senate, as a con-
stitutional lawyer of ample learning and uncom-
mon sagacity, were cheerfully acknowledged
there; and his fame, if it did not leap over, ex-
tended as wide as the boundaries of our country.
Though his views were usually in harmony
with those of the. people of his own State, the
transcendent regard they had for him and his
exalted character permitted him to-differ with
them upon some questions, as they felt, whatever
differences there might be, that they were the
result of patriotic and independent opinions of
a full-grown man.
He abhorred war considered as a trade or
profession, was jealous of the supersedure of
laws by military rule, and had serious fore-
bodings as to its influence on public morals;
buthe had large faith in the American people,
in their intelligence and traditions ; and, in re-
sponding to the wager of battle by a wicked
and rebellious people, he was for the energetic
and full exercise of the military power of the
country. Chary of legislative weapons, he
had no doubt at all of the efficiency of martial
resources. q
In the Senate others may have excelled him
in learning, in genius, in sarcasm, in oratory,
but no one surpassed him in stores of knowl-
edge, in admirable clearness of statement, in
lofty purpose, in direct and vigorous argument,
nor in that combination of sound opinions which
make the intelligent statesman.
Such a life—with no words his friends could
wish to blot; with no acts that do not contrib-
ute to his praise, closing v.ith his country's
plaudit, ' 'TV ell done,'thou good and faithful ser-
vant, '' triumphantly closing with the Christian's
hope in the resurrection—appeals to lis by the
force of its illustrious example, that we may so
make up our final record, that those who sur-
vive ns may be able to say, as we do now, :' Be-
hold, with no remembered sins of youth, here
are the splendors of an age, a long age of good
works."
1 offer the following resolutions:
. Meaolved, That the House of Representatives of the
United States has received with the deepest-sensibil-
ity the intelligence of the death of Jacob Collamer,
late a Senator in Congress from the State of Vermont.
Resolved, That the members and officers of this
House, as a proper mark of respect for .the personal
character and long and faithful services of Hon.
Jacob Collamer, will go into mourning by wearing
crape upon the left arm for the period of thirty days.
llesolved, As a further mark of respect for the de-
ceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, after
the remarks of my distinguished colleague, who
has so justly analyzed the character of the
late Judge Collamer, it will not be appro-
priate for me to detain the House longer than
to pay the tribute of love to the memory of my
departed friend.
Judge Collamer was for many years a lead-
ing lawyer in Vermont. He looked upon law
as the perfection of human reason, and studied
it as the highest and most perfect science. Hence
he spurned the garbage of the outer courts. He
never touched the offals of the sacrifice, but wor-
shiped at the inner shrine of the temple whose
architectural proportions are just; whose parts
are orderly and harmonious; where justice is
found married to law, and controversy guided
by the spirit of truth, rather than the spirit of
victory. By well-directed study he became one
of the finest judicial scholars of the age, and
when called from the bar to the bench sus-
tained an equal rank with the scholarly and
accomplished Prentiss, the metaphysical Wil-
liams, and the distinguished Phelps, whose le^al
powers were as measureless as those of Daniel
Webster.
As a judge Mr. Collamer was without fear
and without reproach; and his opinions are
models for their elegance and simplicity of
diction, their unerring logic, and their freedom
from any of that party bias which sometimes
soils the ermine of the bench.
His career as a Senator is known to the whole
country. In the most distinguished body of
the nation he had no rival in spotless integrity
and purity of character, and no superior in
debate. It has never been my fortune to know
a man who could state a proposition more
clearly, and enforce it with more unerring and
unanswerable logic than Judge Collamer ; and
when he made an argument every Senator
knew that he spoke the honest convictions of his
own enlightened judgment. In the great strug-
gle through which we have passed, he calmly
waited the logic of events, or more properly
speaking the indications of God, and then fear-
lessly urged the policy which he deemed to be
right.
As a lawyer, as a judge, as a Representative
in Congress, as Postmaster" General, as Sen-
ator, he was always .unswerved by private or
party interests, and preserved a reputation as
spotless as a child.
The crowning glory of Judge Collameb's
character was after all best exhibited at home.
You all recollect the sweetness of his face. He
seemed, as Sydney Smith said of Horner, to
have the ten commandments written there.' He
was a devoted husband and father, a kind and
generous neighbor, and in the highest sense of
the word a Christian gentleman.
And now that he has gone across the silent
gulf which separates the living from the dead,
the pleadings of his life are heard. It is for
us to reverently listen. Let us imitate his vir-
tues? so that when we are called to join our
fathers it may be said of us, as it can be safely
said of our lamented friend, the world is bet-
ter that he has lived.
Mr. RAYMOND. I regret to say, sir, that
I am entirely unprepared to commemorate in
any fitting terms the character and services of
the eminent Senator whose demise has been
announced. Indeed, after what has been so
well and fully said of his life and public ser-
vices by those from his own State who knew
him so thoroughly and loved him so well, I
should feel that any extended remarks from
me were simply beside the proprieties of the
occasion. But I trust the House will bear with
me while, in a few words, I comply with the
request of those of his own State upon thus *
