2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
And again, had not the loyal citizens of those
States a right to claim that they were citizens
of the United States and entitled to protection
under the Constitution, as did the inhabitants
of Home by claiming that they were Roman
citizens?
In Vattel's Law of Nations, page 6, it is laid
down—
"If a nation Is obliged to preserve itself, it is no
less obliged carefully to preserve all its members.
The nation owes this to itself, since the loss even of
one of it*= members weakens it and is injurious to its
preservation. It owes this also to the members in
particular in consequence of the very act of associa-
tion : for those who compose a nation are united for
their deiense and common advantage, and none can
justly be deprived of this union and of the advan-
tages he expects to derive from it while he on his
side fulfills the conditions."
And the same author on the same page fur-
ther says:
" The body of a nation cannot, then, abandon a
province, a town, or even a single individual who is
a part of it, unless compelled to it by necessity, or
indispensably obliged to it by the strongest reasons
founded on the public safety."
It cannot be denied that East Tennessee had
during the rebellion a large number of loyal
citizens. Mr. Lincoln, in his message to Con-
gress on the 3d day of December, 1801, stated:
" I deem it important that the large region of East
Tennessee and western Xorth Carolina be connected
with Kentucky and other faithful parts of the Union
by railioad."'
On the 4th of May, 1864, the House passed
a bill authorizing the President to appoint in
each State in rebellion a provisional governor,
with the pay and emoluments of a brigadier
general, to be charged with the civil adminis-
tration until a State government therein shall
be recognized, and prior to that time, to wit,
on the 20th of January, 1864, President Lin-
coln ordered an election to be held in Arkansas
for Governor. &c.: thus showing that neither
the action of Congress nor President Lincoln
had any tendency to treat the rebel States as
out of the Union or annihilated as States, but
on the contrary shows the very opposite.
President Johnson, in his annual message
of the 4th of December last, says:
"The perpetuus; of the Constitution brings with it
perpetuity <-ftiie states; thusmutual relations make
us whafwe aie: arid in our political system their con-
nection is mdis-oluMe. The whole cannot exist with-
out the nor the partr without the whole. So
long, as the Constitution of the United States endures
the States will endure: the destruction of one is the
destruction of the other: the preservation of the one
is the preservation of the other."
But it is said by my colleague [Mr. Ste-
vens] that "on the ground of estoppel the
United States have a clear right to elect to ad-
judge them out of the Union that "they are
estopped both by matter of record and matter
in pais,'"
And my able colleague. [Mr. Broomall,] in
his speech of the 20th of January, says, in
speaking of the rebel States :
"Having =et up an independent government and
wa? ;d war as a nation, they are estopped from plead-
ing the right oi citizenship to defeat the right of con-
ClUc^t. 5
If the latter gentleman's doctrine is tenable,
then those residing in what are denominated
the rebel States are no longer citizens of the
United .States, and consequently not amenable
to her laws, and in that event all laws of Con-
gress passed to punish rebels would be nugatory.
But how do the records stand in regard to
estoppel? It is true that the so-called southern
conkdf>raey adopted a constitution and passed
laws, claiming to be independent of the United
Slates, and at the same time the United Slates
Congress passed stringent laws which denied
that those States were separated from the Uni-
ted States, and inflicted upon them severe pen-
alties for tbeir treason. So as regards matter
of record the United States would be estopped
from treating these States as oat of the Union,
as "-el! as the rebel States would be by having
assorted they were^out. Then as to matter in
pni*. The United States asserted that those
rebel States had not dissolved their connection
with the Union, while the rebels on the other
IniiMiiws,.]•:>><! th y had. So as to matter hi pais,
th"y would be equally estopped.
Finally, the contest was by wager of battle
decided against the rebels. In 7 Casey's Penn-
sylvania Reports, 334, Hill et al. vs. Eply, it is
laid down:
" If no one bo misled to his hurt he will not be
estopped."
Also, in 12 Casey, 522, Brubaker vs. Oakes,
it is ruled that—■
"It is essential to an estoppel by matter in pais,
that he who sets it up is bound to show that he has
been misled to his hurt."
And in 3 Hill, 215, Dezell vs. Odel, k is laid
down that to make an estoppel effectual it
must show that the party made an admission
clearly inconsistent with the evidence pro-
posed to be given, and that the other party
has acted upon that admission. The United
States were not misled, for the actions of the j
rebels were well known, and both parties acted i
with full knowledge, and as already indicated,
were on an equality as to matter of record. So
that upon no legal principle are the -rules of
estoppel applicable as contended by my two
colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, it has been said that if the
States lately in rebellion were only put in
abeyance during the war, then at its termina-
tion they were restored to all the rights they
possessed prior to the rebellion, and the Pres-
ident bad no right to direct provisional gov-
ernors to call a convention to amend or form
a constitutio-n different from the mode desig-
nated in the constitution in force at the break-
ing out of the war. And the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] refers
to the actions of the President in regp.rd to
North Carolina, and recites the clause in the
old constitution pointing out a mode,for alter-
ing or amending the same.
Sow. owing to the rebellion, great changes
had taken place. As a war necessity, slaves
had by proclamation been declared to be
freed, and the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States
requires that the United States shall guaranty
to every State in the Union a republican form
of government, and in order to carry out that
injunction it was indispensable that a change
of the constitution should be made, and the
Government had a right to demand it in order
that the civil laws, which had to give way to
the military, could be revived. And as to the
mode of altering the constitution, though the
old one points out a method by which amend-
ments or alterations may be made, still that
does not prevent the calling of a convention
to adopt a new constitution or change the
former, subject to the ratification of the legfil
voters. That is a right which the sovereign
people of each State never parted with, and
hence may as often as they choose, by con-
vention, change their constitution "so as not
to be incompatible with that of the United
States. The Legislature, without a convention,
can make alterations only in the way pre-
scribed by the constitution; but as I have al-
ready said, that is no bar to a change made
through a convention, subject to the ratifica-
tion of the voters ; and for this procedure we
have a case directly in point in regard to the
State of Missouri. Article twelve of the con-
stitution of the 10th of July, 1820—under
which it became a State—provides that—•
"The General Assernby may at any time prepare
such amendment* to this constitution as two thirds
of each liou^e shall deem expedient, which shall be
published in all the newspapers printed in the State
three several time*, at least twelve months before
the nest general election, and if, at the first session
ef the C-kneral -A --embly after such general election,
two thiids of ep."h Hou-c shall hy yeas and naysrat-
ify «uch propo-i d amendments they shall be valid
to all inteni* and purposes as part of this constitu-
tion : I!rov''■<:<*. That Mich propped amendment shall
be read on three j-eveial days in each House as well
when the same are proposed as when theyare finally
ratified."
Yet, notwithstanding this prescribed mode
of amendment, the Legislature of that State
passed, in the year 1805, a law calling a con-
vention which continued in session a few weeks
and adopted a constitution which was submit-
ted to the people for ratification, (the disloyal
portion of the community being prohibited
from voting,) and under that constitution tlio
present members of Congress from that State
were elected and now have seats in this House.
Tennessee also adopted a constitution in a sim-
ilar manner. But it has been said that the <-iti-
zens did not all vote on these questions, that
some of them were not-allowed that right.
If they committed such acts as to deprive
themselves of the right of suffrage it was a fault
of their own, or if those who had a right neg-
lected to vote it would not invalidate a con-
stitution which had a majority of those who did
vote. All that is required when a matter is
submitted to the people for their ratification is
a majority of the votes polled. The Constitu-
tion of the United States provides that in order
to make an amendment thereto valid it must
pass Congress by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses, and be ratified by the Legislatures of
three fourths of the several States, or by con-
vention in three fourths thereof, so that in such
an important amendment as that abolishing the
system of slavery we cannot afford to theorize
as to States being out of the Union or losing
their status as States, for there is no telling
what the United States Supreme Court, as now
or shall hereafter be constituted, may decide
in regard to the States lately in rebellion, and
if there should not be a ratification by three
fourths of the entire number of States, (includ-
ing those lately in rebellion,) and it should
be determined that in consequence thereof the
amendment abolishing slavery was invalid,
then all the lives and treasure sacrificed to
eradicate from this Republic that accursed sys-
tem which brought upon the nation so much
misery would be of no avail. But the Secre-
tary of State, that far-seeing statesman, (Mr.
Seward,) who through the four years of teriible
conflict managed the affairs of state so ably and
kept us oat of foreign wars, provided for the
contingency so as to avoid all cavil. That gen-
tleman, in his published certificate in form of
proclamation of the 18th of December, 180-5,
recites the amendments, to wit:
" Sec.1. Keitherslavery nor involuntary s'-rvifude,
except as a punishment for crime whereof the party-
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within"
the United States or anyplace subject to their juris-
diction,
"Sfc. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation."
And then proceeds as follows:
"And whereas it appears from olncial documents
on file ill this Department that the amendment to
the Constitution of the United Stares prop used as
aforesaid, has been ratified by the Legislatui cs ot thet
States of Illinois, Rhode Island, Michigan, Mary-
land,New York, West Virginia,Maine,Kansas Mas-
sachusetts, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio. Missourr,
Nevada, Indiana, Louisiana. Minnesota, Wisconsin,
Vermont, Tennessee, Arkansas, Connecticut, New
Hampshire, Sonth Carolina, Alabama, North Caro-
lina, and Georgia, in all twenty-seven States: and
whereas the whole number of States in elie United
States is thirty-six; and whereas the beibrespec tally
named States whose Legislatures have ratifi. d tlio
said proposed amendment constitute thieu fourths;
of the whole number of States in the United States:
Sow, therefore, be it known that I, William 11.Sew-
ard, Secretary of State, by virtue and in pursuance
of the second section of the act of Congress, approved
the 20th of April, 1818, entitled 'An act to provide
for the publication of the laws of the United States,
and for other purposes,'do hereby certify that the
amendment aforesaid has become valid to all intents
and purposes as a part of the Constitution ot the
United States."
It will be seen, Mr. Speaker, that seven
of the above-named States that ratified said
amendment had been with what was eaPed
the "southern confederacy." Surely it would
not do for us now to say that the States so rati-
fying the amendment are not States within
the Union, I might add that the Legislatures
of California and New Jersey hint- sinee also
ratified the amendment, while those of Ken-
tucky and Delaware persistently refuse.
Sir. Speaker, we have heard* on this floor,
portrayed with zeal and eloquence, the bar-
barities committed by the rebels upon the
Union soWiers, and the desecration of our
dead, yea, even the murder of our venerable
Piesident. Now, sir, if it would restore to us
again our much-esteemed President: to the
bereaved parents, their sons; to the widow, her
