64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
floor, that I will at least express my own sym-
pathy with them in their loss, and my concur-
rence in their estimate of his character.
It was my good fortune to know the late Sena-
tor Collamer for many years last past, ltwas
one of the„most pleasing incidents of the an-
nual festival of our university commencement,
to those of us who were then in college, that he
was to be present, as he was always present
when commencement day came round, to re-
hearse to hs the history of the troubles through
which he had to pass to achieve the education
to which he attributed his success in life, and
to give to us, as no ojic could do so well, those
counsels and suggestions of which we all stood
so much in need. I learned then to admire Hs
character and to love him for his kind consid-
eration toward us, so much his juniors, so eager,
so ready always to profit by his example and
to learn from his counsels. It was not my for-
tune in after .life to know him intimately. I
used to see him only as we see each other in
the casual meetings of public life. The more
I saw him the more I honored him, the more
profoundly I respected the great gifts he brought
to the public service, and the high moral con-
siderations by which his public actions were
always guided.
His mind was clear, acute, and strong. He
never failed to discriminate accurately between
all the views of every subject he discussed. His
logic was clear, and strong as the English lan-
guage could frame. There was nothing in his
discharge of public duty that ever was low or
narrow. He always rose to the level of every
subject, and he did it without an effort, for the
highest subjects were only upon the level upon
which his mind constantly moved. He was en-
tirely free from the small ambitions and smaller
jealousies that too often encroach upon the
large generosities that alone give dignity to the
details of a public life. In everything that he
did he, consulted the dictates of his conscience.
He acted in public as in private with a view to
what he believed to be justice and truth, and
the highest good of those in whose behalf he
spoke or acted.
Senator Collamer was not given merely to
theorising on public affairs; I think, if X have
not mistaken the tendency, drift, and principle
of his public action, that he looked upon Gov-
ernments and the offices of Government as ex-
perimental in their nature: and the question
which guided his conduct was not "what ought
to be done on the highest theory we can frame.
''What would J do if I could have my own way
in everything?" but "What is the best thing
on the whole, which, under the present circum-
stances, it is competent to accomplish'.'"
He was, therefore, as far removed as possible
from that class of public men whom the French
were accustomed to designate doctrinaires. He-
was a practical, direct, straightforward states-
man in the largest and best sense of that great
and noble word.
I think Senator Collamer, moreover, showed
largely, perhaps was to a certain extent the
cause of, that moderation, that steady conser-
vatism in tone and temper, which has always
characterized the noble State front which he
came. It has always teemed to me that Ver-
mont, more thoroughly and more truly even
than any other State of the Union, presents a
perfect model of n, republican commonwealth.
I know of no State certainly—an d my acquaint-
ance wuli it has been somewhat intimate—
where 1 believe the great principles of social
equality obtain a more thoiough 'foothold than
in that Green Mountain State. I know of none
in which the persoaat and civil rights of every
human being obtain a more prompt, a more
thorough, a more cordial recognition.
And 1 should state, equally to the honor of
that noble State, that she is always .-.teoovin the ,
judgment of public affairs: and Senator Col- i
LAumi shared her steadiness of judgment and j
ao'iou. never earned av\ay by mete eaprico or j
 n?'< of public temper. 'lie was still alwavs i
profoundly re-'pec-tful and defetential to thai !
settled and permanent tendency and conviction j
of the public mind which, perhaps, is the surest |
tost of political truth to which any person in pub-
lic or private life can possibly refer.
Vermont, Mr. Speaker, has been fortunate in
the character of her public men, from a time
beyond which my memory does not reach in Iter
history. She has always had in her public coun-
cils men who conferred luster upon her, and
gathered honor to themselves by the manner in
which they met every duty which devolved upon
them. Some of their names in various depart-
ments of the public service have been cited by
the honorable gentlemen whose words preceded
me. They are names that will live in history.
They arc names that reflect honor upon the pro-
fessions with which they were connected; and
Vermont still has in the public service in both
Houses in this Congress, in the diplomatic ser-
vice of the country, in the press, ana everywhere
else where public action can promote the pub-
lic good, men whose names will be rememb^ed
for the good thus done the world.
But among them all she has no name—and it
would be the highest wish I couldwishherthat
in some future day she might have some name,
though I feel how vain that wish is—that will
occupy a higher place in the respect of all who
knew him, and a more profound positioninthe
love and esteem of those who are immediately
acquainted with him, than that of Jacob Col-
Mr. GrRIDER. I take pleasure in bearing
some tribute of respect to the distinguished
Senator, who has lately departed from this life.
1 had the honor at an early day, in this Hall,
to be associated with Jacob Collamer. Ihad
the honor of a personal acquaintance with him,
and living with him in the same mess. I had
opportunities at least of becoming acquainted
personally with his temper, with his qualifica-
tions, aud ith his private and individual feel-
ings, as well as with his public convictions in
the position he then occupied, and I felt that
it was due to Judge Collamer to bear some
testimony to that high appreciation which we
always entertained as to his qualifications in
every position in which the country placed
him.
Judge Collamer was not a man of display.
He needs no eulogy from any individual upon
this floor. lie has marked his character upon
the records of his country. Long in public
life, he proved himself competent and true and
faithful in every position to which he was ap-
pointed. But I need not speak of his record,
it is before the country. It is recognized with
delight and pleasure, not only in his own neigh-
borhood, but well understood and gratefully
appreciated in the West.
Mr. Speaker, you have already heard deline-
ated the variety of position which he occupied;
and well may his friends appeal to the public
records, and to the conflicts which have occurred
in political life, and ask where Judge Collamer
has been derelict, and when there was ever
imputed to him any feeling but one of patriotic
devotion to his country, and devotion to the
highest interests of humanity.
Gentlemen who were familiar with him all
know <Hiat he was not a man of rhetoric and
poetry. He was a man of logic, of argument,
ol'discrimination, of integrity, and of firmness.
He studied what ho said, said what he thought,
and executed his purposes with regard, not to
the approbation of men upon the right hand
or upon the left, but with regard to that appro-
bation which is better and higher than all—the
approbation cf his own conscience, in view of
that eternal responsibility that awaits us all
beyond the grave.
_ Sir, I loved Jacob Collamer. I have seen
him in the social circle. I have seen him in
the highest circles of this Government. I had
the honor to be a messmate of his when Taney
and_ .McLean and Story aud a host of other
distinguished men formed, as it were, a family
cucle. I heaid their interchange of thought
and eutivoT-ation. 1 had an opportunity to
contract and 0 termuie the quality of Judge
L oiLAvnei s mind and his attainments; and
they were prominent and distinguished. He j
was always ready, always quick to discern, to
discriminate, to enounce, to illustrate; he was
peculiarly favored in the quality of his mind for
pointed, clear illustration.
But, gentlemen, as I have said, his history
is upon the record. Let me make one remark
as to his personal qualities. He wag. gentle
and kind and affable to all around him—to the
humble and poor as well as others. Judge
Collamer had a hand of congratulation to
give to every man whom he believed to be an
honest man; and yet, while he was thus con-
descending and affable, he felt that he himself
was a man in attainments, in consideration,
and in importance, equal to the highest.
In the social circle no one was so interesting,
so illustrative, with such a fund of anecdote
and instruction, and so full of kindness and
gentleness. Not an angry word did I ever hear
fall from him. But, gentlemen, allow me to
say that, according to my convictions, we ought
to estimate his character more from other con-
siderations which have not, on my part, at least,
been mentioned. He was not only a man of
integrity and morality, but he was a Christian
man arid a Christian gentleman, and in this
fact I trust his friends, and especially the home
circle, may find the power of submission and
the power of being cheered and consoled. A
Christian gentleman, as he was, his death, al-
though it may be to his country and his family
a bereavement and a loss, to him it was a great
gain.
I may be excused for'stating a fact, for facta
are illustrative of character moie than words.
When I had the honor to be in Congress—in
the House—with Judge Collamer, we had a
congressional prayer meeting. I remember
distinctly that Judge Collamer, as a Christian
gentleman, was uniformly there and partici-
pated in the devotional exercises. They wore
of frequent occurrence, and he used to attend,
and Judge McLean, and a circle of the distin-
guished men of the bench and Legislature of
that day. I have, therefore, the right to hope
and to infer, and to cheer the disconsolate and
the bereaved with the enunciation, that though
he has left us, and his services are no longer
ours, or his kind cheer for his family circle,
yet to him it was but a glorious exchange, and
in that exchange we may find the highest con-
solation, not only here in this Hall, but every-
where throughout the country, and more pecu-
liarly in the family circle, where, I hope, his
wife and his friends may be cheered with the
bright_ prospect that tliev shall, according to
Christian principles, meet him again and recog-
nize him as a purified angel—no more amidst
the conflict and labors of human existence,
but pure and holy and blest as the angels of God.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express
my cordial concurrence in the resolutions now
under consideration, and before the question
is put I wish to add a few words to what has
already been said in honor of the memory of the
distinguished Senator whose decease has been
announced.
To those of us who have listened, as many
of us have so often, to his words of eloquence
and wisdom at the other end of the Capitol,
nothing which I can say can add anything to
their appreciation of his great attainments, vast
resources, practical wisdom, high character,
: and eminent usefulness. But to those who did
I not know him so well it may not be unimpor-
1 tant to hear in addition to the fitting tributes
already spoken something more of the charac-
teristics which so distinguished the able Sen-
ator and patriot whose death we so deeply
mourn, from another whose good fortune it
was to know him somewhat intimately. It hap-
pened to me upon my first entrance into Con-
gress to be placed upon a committee of this
House, upon which I have served seveialyears
since, corresponding in name and duties with
one in the other bianch of Congress, of which
Judge Collamer. was the head. It gave me a
most excellent opportunity, as well as great
pleasuie to witness, sometimes in counscl with
others, but more frequently in private consulta-
