4008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Sir. TBUMBULL. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois moves to amend the title so
as to make it read, '' A joint resolution re-
storing Tennessee to her proper, practical
relations to* the Union."
Mr. BUCK.A.LEW. I do not consider this
question of title of any importance. No mat-
ter what, you name this resolution, it speaks its
own character on its face. I desired at the end
of our proceedings to state an idea which is
raised by this qnestion of title, however. What-
ever you may say, or whatever may be said upon
this subject, the object and pnrposeof this meas-
ure is precisely that which was announced by
the House of Representatives in the title of the
joint resolution as it was sent to us. It was
intended, and only intended, to produce the ad-
mission of Senators and Representatives from
that State into Congress. There were no other
practical relations wanting to be affected by a
measure of this kind. I rose for the purpose
of stating that I voted against this resolution,
first, because I consider it entirely nugatory and
ineffective, and invalid; that it has no legal
effect and can have no legal effect whatever
upon the purpose which was had in view, the
admission of members; that that power being
explicitly with each House, after this resolu-
tion is passed, the power must be exercised by
each House and will be exercised precisely as
if no such resolution had ever been passed.
Viewing it in that light, I felt justified in voting
against it, whatever might be my opinions upon
the "tjuestion of the representation of Tennes-
see in this Senate and in the House. I voted
also against this measure because, upon the
face of it, it is expressly and solemnly declared
that it is passed because of the reasons given
in the preamble. You cannot sever the resolu-
tion itself from the preamble which is attached
to it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the
title be amended as proposed by the Senator
from Illinois?
The question being put, the motion was
decided to be agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to suggest
that if the words "proper" and "practical"
were taken out of that title it would be perfect
to my mind. It would then read, "A joint
resolution restoring Tennessee to her relations
to the Union."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire to amend it?
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to amend it in
that regard.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; strikeout those
words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that amendment if I have control of the mat-
ter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator accept the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thcamend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is a practical
question which I desire to present to the Sen-
ate. ^ I do not think that the historian will turn
to this resolution with any degree of interest
when he comes to write the political history
of these times, and the title, I think, is of no
more consequence than the feather that adorns
the child's bonnet. The practical question
which 1 propose is that we adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the title been
adopted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought it was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
declared it adopted, but withdrew his decision
for the purpose of allowing it to be amended,
because he did not understand that the Senator
from Kansas, who was "on the floor at the time,
desired to move an amendment. The Chair
declared it adopted hastily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope the Senator
from Indiana will withdraw his motion until
this matter is disposed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the
title be amended as proposed—" A joint reso-
lution restoring Tennessee to her relations to
the Union?"
The motion to amend the title was agreed to.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. POLAND. I desire-
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought I had made
a motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor withdrew it. the Chair understood.
Mr. POLAND. Before we vote to adjourn,
I desire to take up the bankrupt bill, and make
it the special orderfor one o'clock on Monday.
["No, no."] 1 will say io the Senate—["No,
no."] Let me be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. POLAND. I ask to have it taken up
at that time because the bill has fallen in my
charge somewhat, and I desire to ascertain
whether the Senate are willing to proceed
with it. I shall not insist upon going on with
it in lieu of the appropriation bill, which is
partially completed; but I desire to have it
taken up at that time, and have the Senate
determine whether they will undertake to go
through with it and pass" the bill at this ses-
sion. It is merely for that purpose that I
make the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will not be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 598, being the bankrupt bill.
Mr. LANE. I hope it will not be made a
special order. I want to get a vote on the
bounty bill, which I regard as ten times as im-
portant as the bankrupt bill. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to make a mo-
tion to which I am sure there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. POLAND. 1 believe my motion is
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is pend-
ing, but it is in order to adjourn while a mo-
tion is pending.
Mr. POLAND. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 21, 1866."
The House met at twefve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev: C. B. Boynjon.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
dispense with the reading of the Journal.
Mr. WENT WORTH. _ There is no quorum
here, and therefore I object.
" The Journal was read.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise for the purpose of
moving to correct the Journal. I am recorded
as having voted in the affirmative on the pre-
amble to the resolution admitting Representa-
tives from Tennessee. I voted in the negative.
I move that the Journal be corrected.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal, as amended, was then approved.
OFFICERS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report
back from the Committee on Naval Affairs
Senate bill No. 260, to define the number and
regulate the appointment of officers in the
Navy, with some amendments.
No objection was made, and the bill was
received and read. It is as follows:
Be it enacted, d~c., Thai, the rmraber allowed in each
grade of line officers on the active list of the Navy
shall be one admiral, one vice admiral, ton rear ad-
mirals, twenty-flTocommodores, fifty captains,ninety
commanders, one hundred and eighty lieutenant
commanders, one hundred and eighty lieutenants,
one hundred and sixty masters, one hundred and
sixty ensigns, and in other grades the number now
allowed bylaw: Provided, That the increase in the
grades authorized by this act, shall be made by selec-
tion from the grade next below of officers who have
rendered the most efficient and faithful service during
the recent war.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That of the num-
ber of line officers of the Navy on the active list,
five lieutenant commanders, twenty lieutenants, fifty
masters, and seventy-five ensigns may be appointed
from those officers who have served in the volunteer
naval servicc for a period of not less than two
and who are cither now in (hnl servicc or nave been
honorably discharged therefrom: Provided, That if
by reason of these appointments the number of offi-
cers in any era,de shall exceed the number fixed by
law, no more promotions or appointments to that
grade shall be made until the number is reduced be-
low (.he number fixed by law for that grade: And
provided further, That the authority given by this
section shall bo exhausted when the number of vol-
unteer officers above-named shall have been once
appointed.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, ThatthcSccrctary
of the Navy shall appoint a board consisting of not
less than three naval officers superior in rank to tho
officers to be thus appointedinthc regular Navy from,
the volunteer service, which board, after examina-
tion of the claims of all candidates, shall select and
report to the Secretary of the Navy the most merito-
rious in character, ability, professional competency,
and honorable service the number to be appointed
and transicrrcd to the several grades mentioned in
the third scetipn of this act: provided they shall find
that number who are suitably qualified therefor. And
any ofiiccr who has served in the volunteer naval
service for the term of two years or more shall have
the right to appear before the examining board and
present his claims and be examined for an appoint-
ment in the regular Navy.
Sbc. 4. And be it farther eratcted, That the Secre-
tary^ the Navy he, and he hereby is, authorized to
retain, or to appo;ntundcr existing laws and regula-
tions, such volunteer officers in the Navy as the exi-
gencies of the service may require.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That lieutenant
commanders may be assigned to duty as navigation
and watch officers on board of vcssels-of-war as well
as first lieutenants of naval stations and of ships-of-
war.
Skc. 6. And be it. further enacted. That the annual
compensation of the admiral of the Navy shall be
$10,000 a year, and ho shall bo entitled to the services
of a secretary, who shall receive the annual sea pay
ot a lieutenant in the Navy.
Snc. 7. And br it further enacted. That naval eon-
strneters and first and second assistant engineers in
tbe Navy shall be appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, and shall have naval rank
and pav a* office;*0 of Hie Navy.
Fec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all act' and
parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby re-
pealed.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was as follows:
Page 1, strike out all after " war" in line eleven as
follows: And provided further, That the number of
rear admirals, including all on the active and retired
lists, shall not exceed twenty-one, exclusive of rear
admirals retired after the passage of thi& act, and of
officers now on the retired li«t of commodores who
have commanded squadrons by oider of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and who may be promoted to tho
grade of rear admiral on the retired list; and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
And who possess the highest professional qualifica-
tions and attainments. And nothing in this acUhall
preclude tho advancement in rank now authorized
by law for distinguished conduct in battle or for ex-
traordinary heroism: And provided further. That
nothing in this act, nor in the fourteenth section of
the act approved July 16,1862, entitled 44 An aet to
establish and equalize the grade of line officers of
the Navy," shall be so construed as to prevent tho
Secretary of the Navy from promoting to the grade
of rear admiral from the retired list those commo-
dores who have commanded squadrons by order of
the Secretary of the Navy, or who have performed
other highly meritorious service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BICEj of Massachusetts. I am also
instructed by the committee to move to amend
section two by striking out in line three the
word " ten'1 and inserting "twenty;" in the
same line to strike out " twenty" and insert
" fifty j" and in line four to strike out " forty"
and insert " seventy-five so that the section
will read:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That of the num-
ber of line officers of the Navy on tbe active \i<t, five
lieutenant commanders, twenty lieutenants, fifty
masters, and seventy-five ensigns may be appointed
from those officers who have served in the volunteer
naval service for a period of not less than two years,
and who are either now in that service or have been
honorably discharged therefrom, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
further amend the bill by inserting in the third
section, tenth line, after the word "act" the
words "provided they shall find that number
who are suitably qualified."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
further amend by adding to the third section
t-he words "and any volunteer officers attached
