1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tion, his excellent sense, soundjudgment, prac-
tical wisdom, and incorruptible integrity. Few
men comprehended so easily, in fact I hare
scarcely met one, that could elucidate so clearly
and fully the most abstruse and difficult prop-
ositions. His simple and clear statement of any
subject, was in itself almost a demonstration.
The clearness of his perceptions was indeed
truly remarkable. Without ostentation or dis-
play, he communicated his stores of knowledge
and wisdom most cheerfully, to willing and
grateful listeners.
I have heard some of his associates in the
Senate, and scores of others remark, that he
was the wisest man in that august body. And
all who knew him will agree that he was, at
least, among the very best and greatest of
those eminent men; and who could desire for
his lame higher praise than this ! But it was
not as a Senator merely, or the wisdom which
he displayed as a legislator, which constituted
his only or chief claim to high distinction.
He had the reputation, as has already been
stated, of being a great lawyer in no ordinary
sense—for he was not only learned in the prin-
ciples and technicalities of the law, but it is
admitted that he understood and compre-
hended the true spirit of the law better, and
in greater degree, than many of the most dis-
tinguished lawyers of the land. To say that
one is a great lawyer, in the highest sense, as
was justly said of him, is to say that he was a
great man. I know that it is not unfrequent,
upon such an occasion as this, for partial
friends to indulge in exaggerated praise, and
high-wrought eulogium, but it is but simple
justice to say of the late Senator from Ver-
mont, that he was wise, pure, and patriotic in
as eminent degree as any of the public men
now upon the stage of action. And to a nice
sense of justice, he added a mature judgment
in the consideration of all subjects, formed
upon careful examination and rejection. He
was amiable in temper, and that, together with
an originating mind, stored so full as it was
by study and culture, made him a great favor-
ite of all with whom he came in contact. He
attained great influence, not by frequent and
much speaking, but by solid reasoning and
dispassionate argument. He never relied upon
anything for success but legitimate and argu-
mentative appeals to the understanding alone.
Sueli was Jacob Collamer.: the wise Sena-
tor, the able statesman, the great lawyer.' But
he is gone, and we shall never behold him again
on earth. How melancholy the reflection, that
one so learned, so ablo, and so useful, and
withal so beloved, should be thus removed from
this great field of usefulness and honor, to be
seen no more forever! Such lessons teach us,
how little of lasting enjoyment is to be found in
strugg] es and toils for honor and fame, except the
purpose of such efforts is to secure noble ends.
Ambit ion for place and power, when inspired by
a desire to accomplish the greatest good to man-
kind, is not unworthy the highest aspirations of
the great and good. But how suggestive the
thought and the truth, that—•
"When fame's loud trump hath blown its noblest
blast,
Though loud the sound, the ccho sleeps at last;
And fflory, like the phenix midst the fires,
Exhale her odors, blazes, and expires."
The frequent recurrence of such scenes as
these admonish us how slight is our grasp upon
lite, and that we, too, must soon be called from
the labors and struggles of earth to render an
account of our stewardship while here; and well
shall it be with us if we shall be able to present
as good a record,_ "when time with us shall be
no more," for faithfulness and duty well per-
formed, as fell to the lot of our departed friend.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am unwilling that
the West should be unheard on this occasion;
and I have no other apology to offer for my
remarks now except that I regret that some
abler man from the West had not deemed that
the privilege devolved upon him.
T entered Congress at the same time with
Judge Collamer in 1843, and I had not long
been associated with him before I marked him
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 5.
as a man of signal ability, and destined to take
that high rank which has been so unanimously
accorded him. _ I concur in all the noble traits
of character which the gentlemen who have so
eloquently preceded me have enlarged upon.
But there are some points which they have
overlooked that I deem too prominent to be
omitted and do justice to so great a man. lie
distinguished himself for his kindness and
fatherly care of the new States. AVhile he scru-
pulously canvassed all our measures and op-
posed those which he deemed extravagant, yet
he may have been considered a very liberal man
to us, and I could mention many works of west-
ern improvement that stand out as monuments
of his justice and foresight.
Judge Collamer was an econominal man,
and carefully investigated every claim that
was brought before Congress, ana those of his
fellow-members who had not examined them
never had any fears in following him if he only
assured them that he had carefully examined
the matter. He looked as I do upon economy,
as one of the best safeguards of our Govern-
ment, and as one of the essential requisites of
a statesman. He thought that no man should
be more liberal of the public money than he
was of his own. He viewed economy in public
affairs as nothing more nor less than strict hon-
esty. The same sterling economy which charac-
terized him in the legislative department he
practiced in the executive department. As Post-
master General he tolerated no extravagance,
and when I have said this, I need not say Iiis
Department was tainted with no corruption.
And if the history of the Post Office Depart-
ment is ever written, his administration will be
noted as economical, cheap, and honest, and
he will stand equal to, if not: ahead in this re-
spect, of the purest men who have ever adorned
the national Post Office.
As to his ability I have only to quote my own
case to show what effect he was capable of pro-
ducing upon minds that were even prejudiced
against his views. I was here during the last
inauguration ceremonies, and when I came here
I had not the views that I now have with refer-
ence to the reconstruction of the States. I had
a conversation with one of the ablest men in
this country upon that, subject, and I might add,
with a gentleman now occupying what I con-
sider the highest position in this Republic. His
views and mine at parting did not exactly co-
incide. His last words were, " I would like to
have you read the late speech of Senator Col;
lamer, if you have not done so." As I had
not, ho took particular pains to send to his own
library and got for me the only copy he had,
which he prized very highly, and trusted to his
good fortune to get another. To that speech I
owe the convictions which have dictated the
votes which I have cast upon this floor. That
speech convinced me, and I know no other way
for a public man to vote than in accordance
with his convictions, leaving the consequences,
not to the dictation of selfish organizers of po-
litical parties, but to that Creator to whom a
man is as much responsible for his official as
for his private acts.
The gentleman from New York [M"r. Ray-
moxd] has told us that Judge Collamer was
conservative. Until those words, I had not
made up my mind to address the House on this
occasion. I deemed it my duty then to define
Judge Collamer's conservatism. He was for
preserving his Government, and he was for de-
stroying everything that stood in the way of
commending that Government to the protection
and blessing of divine Providence. He was a
conservative of the right and a radical destruc-
tive of the wrong. The gentleman from New
Yorkmighthave said of him that lie was a radi-
cal conservative. He knew no expediency, he
knew no policy, as against the equality of all
mankind before the law: and that is the sense
in which an immense majority of this House can
be called conservatives.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grideh]
spoke of Mr. Collamer as a conscientiously
religious man, and he might have added that
his religion was of that kind which made him
.believe and carry m to actual practice the belief
that men should be as egnal before the bar of
Iris country as they were* before the bar of God.
Judge Collamer met the black man on earth,
as he knew he would meet him in heaven.
The resolutions of Mr. Mokbill were-then
adopted. . , ;
And the House (at four o' clock and ten min-
utes p. m.) adjourned until twelve to. on Mon-
day next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 18, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. EdgabH. Gray.
The J ournal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Hon. Joes B. Henderson, of Missouri, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of offi-
cers and men of the United States transport
Union, praying for compensation for losses
of clothing while in the active service of the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Com-
mander George Henry Preble, of the United
States Navy, praying that Congress may pass
a law directing the accounting officers of the
Treasury to allow him the same compensation
that would have been allowed him if the order
discharging him from the naval service had
never been made; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of P. A.
Wheeler, acting captain ana assistant quarter-
master of the United States volunteers, alleging
that, without any omission of duty on his part,
he was robbed of $2,240 and all his commissary
and quartermaster papers for July and August,
18G5, and praying that a bill may be passed for
his relief; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Bre-
vet Brigadier General William S. Tilton, and
other volunteer officers of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, praying Congress to repeal
the first section of the act approved March 3,
18G5, prohibiting persons from receiving pen-
sions who are receiving full salary from any
office under the Government; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Charles
Fosdick Fletcher, praying for the construction
of a railroad to the Pacific on the southern
route; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Al-
pheus Fobes, United States pension agent in
New York, praying for the passage of an act to
refund money stolen from hiin; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Ma-
jor Elisha W. Dunn, paymaster in the United
States Navy, alleging that he was stationed at
the naval depot at Mound City, and lost all his
papers, vouchers, &c.,hy fire, and praying that
he may be settled with in the usual manner
on equitable terms by the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, praying for a uniform system
of general organization for invalid officers and
soldiers of the war; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Philip Eraser, judge of the district court for
the northern district of Florida, praying for ad-
ditional compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of
Samuel Graves, late a private in the ninth regi-
ment Rhode Island volunteers, praying for an
invalid pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee dn Pensions.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present also the peti-
tion of David Baker, Mowry & Steere, SamueL
