1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8049
Ore. It is no invasion of State rights; it.does
not seek to control anybody; it does not inter-
fere with the system of education anywhere;
it only proposes to furnish the means by which
from a bureau here every citizen of every State
of this liepublic can be informed as to the
means of education existing and applied in
the most advanced sections of this country
and of the world. And if this information can
be disseminated for $15,000 or $20,000 or
$50,000 or $100,000 a year, it is an expendi-
ture which in the course of time will be^ re-
turned at least one hundred fold in the ability
of the people to apply their manual, intellect-
ual, and moral powers to the productive in-
dustry and resources of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Grmnell] to offer an
amendment to this Dill.
Mr. GRINNELL. With the consent of the
chairman of the select committee, [Mr. Gar-
TPIEX.d,] I rise to offer an amendment to this
bill, for I desire that it shall pass. And in
connection with my amendment I desire to
say that it is to reduce the salary of the Com-
missioner and the number of clerks. And I
would call the attention of the House to the
fact that with the amendment I propose this
great bugbear of expense will then bo about
one fiftieth of a cent to each person in the
United States; a wonderful proportion of ex-
pense for a measure which looks to the diffu-
sion of education throughout the country. I
offer the following amendment:
In line five, scction two, strike out "five" and in-
sert "four:" so it will read: "who shall receivo a
salary of $4,000 per annum;'' in line eleven strikeout
after the word "annum" these worcb; "one elcvk
who shall rcceive a salary of $1,400 per annum; and
one clerk who shall rcccivo a salary of $1,200 per
annum;" and m lino nine, before the word "the"
insert tlio word " and."
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me five minutes, to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. When this subject comes
to a final vote, I will now state that I have
agreed to pair with the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, Mr. Stevens.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to make a personal
explanation in regard to a slight altercation
which took place the other day between me
and the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Rousseau. J The other day I am reported
to have said—and I am not here to say I did
not say so—that " all I had to say was, the
charge he made was false." I wish to retract
that assertion, and to say that I had no inten-
tion to make any personal reflection upon the
gentleman. I know he is an honorable gen-
tleman, and that he would not do me injustice;
and I certainly did not intend to do him injus-
tice, although I believe in the heat and excite-
ment of debate I may have said what I did not
intend to say. A man who has been so brave
and gallant has no reason to fear that any
honorable man will detract anything from him
to which he is justly entitled. I know that a
brave man, as the gentleman has shown him-
•self to be, is an honorable man, and I hope
the explanation I make will be satisfactory to
himself and to the House.
I have tried to make it a part of my business
during my servicc in Congress to insult no man.
It may be that in the heat and excitement of
debate I may use expressions I did not design.
I presume 1 have tried as hard as any one to
drown the spirit of jealousy. I know it is a vio-
lent passion of the human heart and will some-
times show itself. 1 hope that in regard to
others as well as in regard to the gentleman
from Ivenlucky, if I should make such remarks
in the heat of debate, I will be forgiven as I
certainly forgive those who have applied such
remarks to me.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I desire to say a word.
I did not hear the remark to which the gentle-
man has referred, or I would most certainly
have answered it at the time. I of course accept
his explanation ; but at the same time I must
insist that what I said on that occasion, al-
though said with reluctance, was perfectly
proper. I should not have said it at all but in
the discharge of a high duty which I owe to
the volunteers of the United States Army.
Mr. ROGERS. I suppose gentlemen of the
House knew well enough, when I was talking
about officers of the regular Army, I had no
insinuations to make against the volunteers.
I consider myself, although I did not agree
with all the plans of the war, to have been one
of the best friends of the volunteers. In fact
I expended more money and raised more troops
in my county, with one exception, than any
other man. My people know it. No one can
show where my vote or influence has been given
in any way against the volunteers. I give them
as much credit as any gentleman upon this floor
for having performed noble and gallant service.
BUREAU OF EDUCATION AGAIN.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question, which I trust the House will sustain,
and I will say after that what I have to say on
this subject. I will detain the House but a
short time.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did intend'to make a
somewhat elaborate statement of the reasons
why the select committee recommend the
passage of this bill; but I know the anxiety
that many gentlemen feel to have this debate
concluded, and to allow the private bills now
on the Calendar to bo disposed of. and to com-
plete as soon as possible the work of this ses-
sion. I will, therefore, abandon my original
purpose and restrict myself to a brief state-
ment of a few leading points in the argument,
and leave the results with the House. I hope
this waiving of a full discussion of the bill will
not be construed into a confession that it is
inferior in importance to anj^measure before
the House, for I know of none that has a
higher or nobler purpose, or one that more
neatly affects the futux-e of this nation.
I first ask the House to consider the magni-
tude of the interests involved in this bill. The
very attempt to discover the amount of pecu-
niary and personal interest we have in our
schools shows the necessity of a department
such as is proposed in this bill. I have searched
in vain for any complete or reliable facts show-
ing the educational condition of the whole
country. If we go to the census of 18G0 we
find that the returns are meager. We really
know nothing about the importance and extent
of the educational interests of this country.
Let me refer to some approximate statistics.
By the census of 1800 there appear to have
been in the United States 115,224 schools,
150,241 teachers, and5,500,000 scholars. There
were 500,000 school officers, thus making over
six millions of the people of the United States
directly engaged in the business of education.
Not only has this largo proportion of our
population been thus engaged, but the Con-
gress of the United States has given fifty-three
million acres of public hinds to fourteen States
and Territories of the Union for the support
of schools. In the old Ordinance of 1785 it
was provided that one section out of every
township of land in the United States should
be given for the support of schools. Thus one
thirty-sixth of the entire territory of the Uni-
ted States is held forever sacred and set apart
for the interest 3 of the schools of the country.
In the Ordinance of 17>'<7 it was declared that
"religion, morality, and knowledge being ne-
cessary to good government and the happiness
of mankind, schools and the means of educa-
tion shall forever be encouraged."
It is estimated that at least $50,000,000 have
been given in the United States bv private in-
dividuals for the support of schools. We have
thus an interest, even pecuniarily considered,
hardly second to any other. We have tolera-
bly complete school statistics from only seven-
teen States of the Union, for. sir, in this coun-
try of schools and of education there arc hut
seventeen States that have sent to the Congres-
sional Library full reports of their schools. In
those seventeen States there are 1)0,835 schools,
129,000 teachers, 5,107,285 pupils, and §84,-
000,000 annually appropriated by the Legis^
latures lor the support and maintenance of
schools. Wefirtd that in those seventeen States
during the late war, notwithstanding all the
great expenditures entailed upon them, they
raised by taxation $34,000,000 in the aggregate
for the support of common schools. There are
several States in this Union where more than
fifty per cent, of all the tax imposed for State
purposes is for the support of schools. And
yet, with all these facts before us, gentlemen
are impatient because we wish to occupy a
short time in discussing a question of this
magnitude.
Sir, I will not trouble the House by repeat-
ing common-places so familiar to every gen-
tleman here, as that our system of govern-
ment is based upon the intelligence of the
people. But I wish to suggest to the House
this thought, that there never lias been a time
in the history of our country when all the edu-
cational forces ought to be in snch perfect
activity as at the present day.
Sir, it is a mistake to say that we have much
ignorance in this country. There is little of
what is generally called ignorance in the Uni-
ted States. In the Old World, under the des-
potism of Europe, the masses of ignorant men,
mere inert masses, are moved upon and con-
trolled by the intelligent and cultivated aristoc-
racy. But in this Republic, where the Gov-
ernment rests upon the will of the people, every
man has an active power for good or evil, and
the great question is, will lie think rightly or
wrongly ; shall the power in him be educated
and directed aright toward industry, libeity,
and patriotism, or, under the baneful influence
of false theories and evil influences, shall it lead
him continually downward and work out anar-
chy and ruin both to him and the Government?
The question is not whether ourpeople shall
be educated or not. If they are not educated
in the school of virtue and integrity they will
be educated in the school of vice and iniquity.
We are, therefore, afloat on the sweeping cur-
rent; if we make no effort we go down with it
to the saddest of destinies. It is only by per-
petual and persistent effort that we make head-
way and advancement in civilization.
According to the census of 18C0 there were
1,200,000 inhabitants in the United States over
twenty-one years of age who could not read
nor write, and 800,000 of those were American-
born citizens. One third of a million of peo-
ple are being annually thrown upon our shores
from the Olu World, and the gloomy total has
been swelled by the 4,000,000 slaves admit-
ted to citizenship by the events of the war.
Such, sir, is the immense force which we must
now confront by the genius of our institutions
and the light of our civilisation. And how
shall it be done? An American citizen can
give but one answer. We must pour upon
them all the light of our public schools. We
must make them intelligent, industrious, pa-
triotic citizens or they will drag us and oui
children down to their level. Does not this
question rise to the full height of national im-
portance and demand the best efforts of states-
manship to adjust it?
Horace Mann has well said:
" That legislators and rulers arc responsible.
" In our country and in our times no man is worthy
the honoied name of a statesman who does not in-
clude the hisrhest practicable education of the peoplo
in all his plans of administration.
"lie may have eloquence, he ranyhavc a knowl-
edge of all history, diplomacy, jurisprudence, and by
these ho may claim, in other countries, rno elevated
rank of a statesman, but unlets ho speaks, pi,ins
labors at all times and in all places lor the culture
and edification of the whole people lie is not, lie can-
not be an Amoriean statesman.'
Gentlemen who have diseased this question
here this morning tell us tliat th^ measure will
by and by result in a great < >;pon.se to the
Government. Whether an enterprise is expen-
sive or not is altogether a relative question,
and depends wholly upon the importance of
the object upon which tho money is expended.
