2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
adjustment of the perplexed questions that now |
agitate the country. I Jo not agree with the 1
honorable gentleman from New 1 ork, [Mr. !
Raymond,] that we do not get much informa- :
tion from that committee. It is composed of
gentlemen of strict integrity, and experienced
statesmen, who have been laboring assiduously
to proeure all the information possible to lay 1
before Congress, and, when a full report is j
made, will no doubt give us definite informa- j
tion as to the situation of affairs in the States '
lately in rebellion, and be of great importance !
to the whole country. I would here remark |
that the honorable chairman of the committee, [
(my colleague,) who has already passed the |
period of life usually assigned to man, for his I
devotion to and toil in behalf of his country j
deserves great credit; and I pray that his life >
may be spared until the great questions that ;
now so much interest the nation may be ad- 1
justed so that all the States can be represented ;
in the councils of the nation.
If, Mr. Speaker, this great Republic, now
extending from the St. Lawrence to the Gulf
of Mexico, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific
ocean, and from which the dark stain of slavery
has been eradicated, and the Gospel, education,
and civil rights extended to all classes, with a
Constitution which, according to the language
•of Chief Justice Marshall, in Cohens vs. Vir- i
ginia, (>5 Wheaton, 037,) is formed for ages to i
come, and is designed to approach immortality j
as near as human institutions can approach it: 1
and if the citizens are true and loyal, and put !
their trust in Ilim who holds in His hands the i
destinies of nations, this Republic will endure ]
as a shining light until the end of time, show-
ing to the world that man is capable of self-
government, and that this is truly ''the land
of the free and home of the brave."
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, the
great question of reconstruetion and the col-
lateral issues properly belonging to it have
been agitating this country in some form or
another since the first session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress.
The rebellion which has been so gloriously-
crushed out has devolved upon us the solemn
duty of dealing with its results in such a man-
ner as that a permanent peace shall be secured
and a lasting adjustment of all the irritating
causes that produced it, shall be forever put, at
rest. I, for one, have made up my mind what
course I shall pursue, and ''with malice to-
ward none, with charity for all, with determi-
nation to do the right as God giveth me to see
the right"—to advocate and support such prin-
ciples as will reconstruct the States lately in
rebellion on a sure and loyal foundation, and
that treason will never again lift its bloody
hand to strike down the bulwarks of the Con-
stitution.
Differences have arisen among us as to
how this can best be done. Loyal, patriotic,
honest men have spoken on the subject, and
while some of them differ as to the details,
and others as to mere abstract questions and
theoretic views of "State suicide," we all
agree on one point, and that is. that no rebel-
lious State shall be represented on this floor
until her people show such unmistakable proofs
of repentance and loyalty for the future as will
warrant us in believing that "the Republic
can receive no detriment" at the hands of its
former assailants.
The committee on reconstruction, to whom
this House, by the unanimous vote of the ma-
jority, intrusted the investigation of the con-
dition of the rebel States, have not as yet
reported that any of them are in a condition
to be represented here, with the exception of
the State of Tennessee. That committee, com-
posed as it is of some of the best and most
patriotic members of this body, is entitled to our
highest consideration and respect, and would
not, I am sure, abuse the trust that has been
placed in their hands. The fact that they have
not yet reported that any of these States, except
the State of 1'ennessee. are in a condition to
be represented is a strong argument to my
mind why we should not bo precipitate in our
action. And however much that committee
may have been abused by the whole copper-
head press of the country, and arraigned by
the President as an irresponsible directory,"
I can see nothing either in the material of
which it is formed or the duties which have
been assigned them by the Senate and the
House thatdetracts either from the conclusions
at which they arrive or the right they have m
exercising the powers allotted to them. Act-
ing on behalf of the Senate and the House,
they act as any other committee, clothed with
such powers only as the Senate and the House
see fit to give them. Their conclusions, and
the facts upon which their judgment is based,
must be submitted to the Congress for its rati-
fication or rejection. How it can' be looked
upon or called ''irresponsible," when it must
render an account to the country for its con-
duet, is hard for me to comprehend. That it
can be likened to a "directory," when it has
no power of its own, and when its resolutions
are feeble and lifeless except they receive the
assent of Congress, is still more difficult for me
to understand.
The j oint resolution empowering that commit-
tee to act was passed on the 4th day of Decem-
ber last; and received the support and the vote
of some of the very men whom we find to-day
denouncing it as a usurpation. When it went
out to the world no one saw in it anything but
a legitimate exercise of the powers of Con-
gress, and the President himself, so far as I
am aware, did not say a word in opposition
to it.
The Constitution says that "each House
shall be the judge of the election, qualification,
and returns of its own members." It nowhere
says that each House shall separately, for itself,
do this, nor that it shall not be done by the
concurrent action of each House. Each House
can act separately for itself, and in all ques-
tions touching the elections, &c., of the mem-
bers of each House, the practice heretofore
in ordinary cases has been for each House to
act without the concurrence of the other.
But the question involved in the admission
of the Senators and Representatives of the
lately rebellious States was and is not a mere
question of qualification, election, and return
of its members, but goes to the fundamental
principles of the status and organization of the
people and the State governments of the States
asking for the admission of their Senators and
Representatives.
The Constitution says that "each House
may determine the rules of its own proceed-
ings." (Article one, section five.) Does this
prevent the Congress from making joint rules,
to be binding on both? On the contrary, has
it not been the practice for each House, by
concurrent action, to make joint rules, not only
to facilitate public business, but to make their
action uniform and harmonious ? And if there
ever was a case presented where neither House
should act without the concurrence of the other
it is in the mode and manner of dealing -0-1111
the representation from these States. If each
House should act for itself we might have the
strange anomaly of the people being repre-
sented in one branch and the States unrepre-
sented in another, or vice verm.
Again, the Constitution says that—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people of
the several States, and the electors in each Stateshall
have the qualifications requisite for the electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture."—Art. 1, Sec. 2.
Will any one tell me that the House lias not
the power to inquire and ascertain whether a
man sent here to represent the people was in
fact elected by the electors having the qualifi-
cations requisite for the most numerous branch
of the State Legislatures? Suppose a man
should present himself with his credentials,
bearing the broad seal of his State, certifying
that he was duly elected, and it should turn
out that he was not elected by the qualified
electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature, but by a portion of the peu-
plo'not qualified as such an elector—a negro
population, for exampU—will any one affirm
that we would not have the power to ascertain
who and what these electors were; and if they
were not what the Constitution says they shail
be, to refuse to admit thein? And the same
may be said as to the power of the Senate in
relation to the States.
And yet when Congress passes a joint reso-
lution appointing a joint committee whose
duty is to inquire into the condition of eleven
States, the majority of whose people have for
the past four years been in armed and wicked
rebellion against the Government, and to report
whether any of these States are entitled to be
represented' because of their treason, it is
denounced as a crime, and held up to the world
as a monstrous outrage and a vile usurpation.
Sir, if it be an outrage for me to refuse to
admit to my house a man coming from a local-
ity infected with some loathsome, contagious
disease until I am satisfied I can do it without
running any risks or hazards of my life, or
to the life of the inmates of my house, then it
is monstrous in me to refuse men admission
here, coming from disloyal constituencies,
until I am satisfied their admission will not
endanger the life of the Republic. This un-
seemly haste on the part of these States to
come back into Congress on their terms is
only equalled by their precipitate action in
leaving these Halls in 18(51 to join in breaking
up by force of arms what.they would tear down
to-morrow by political trickery if you but give
them the opportunity and the power.
While I am as desirous as any man that the
States unrepresented should have their dele-
gates participate with us in our deliberations,
I am at the same time sensible of a duty that
I owe to my country and to such of the loyal
masses of the South as stood true to the Union
in its hour of peril, that is paramount to any
courtesy that I might be willing to extend to
them.
Sir, the smoke of the great revolutior
through which we have just emerged has not
yet sufficiently passed away to allow us to dis-
cern clearly the prospects or hopes of the
future. For myself, as I never entertained a
doubt during the long and dreary night that
for nearly five years hung like a death-pall over
our country, that the rebellion would be finally
crushed out, and traitors made to feel the
enormity of their guilt, so to-day, if I feel a
sad disappointment that they have not met
that doom that their treason entitled them to
receive, I have an abiding confidence in the
devotion and patriotism of the loyal masses of
the people that they will never allow these
rebels, who have forfeited everything by their
rebellion, to dictate the terms upon which they
shall resume their relationship to the Govern-
ment. They are either to be consulted as to
what conditions will best please them, or we
are to make known to them npon what terms
we please to receive them. We are either to
consent that such men as they select shall be
our peers in this House, or we are to tell them
what character of peers they shall send here.
We are either to exact no guarantees for future
security, or we are to impose such guarantees
as Congress in its wisdom may deem best for
the public good.
I hold that treason is the same, whether it
be committed by an aggregate of individuals,
or by but one individual. It is levying war
against the United States; giving aid and com-
fort to its enemies. When an aggregate of
individuals commit treason, they are as liable
to pay its penalty as any single individual would
be. If any person in a State commits treason,
and you have the power to prescribe the con-
ditions upon which he shall be pardoned, (which
the President has done, both by his amnesty
proclamation and the thousands of paVdons
he has granted.) then you have the power as a
Congress to say to these same men, " Beforcyou
shall be allowed to exercise your functions as
States, you shall first comply with certain con-
ditions. which we deem to be necessary before
we ca'n allow you to resume all your rights as
members of a State."
