4010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read an-
other sentence from the Manual:
" Tiro consequences of a measure may be repro-
bated in strong terms; but to arraign the motives of
those who propose to advocate it, is a personality,
and against order."
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I have found no fault,
and did not intcud to find fault, with the de-
cision of the House. It had the right to make
it, and I will submit to it. I am speaking of
other facts. Am I allowed to do that? Am I
not allowed to say that members of this House
who were to be my j udges went before the com-
mittee and prosecuted the case against me?
Am I allowed to say that?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the gentleman has the right to denounce the
motives of members who voted on this prop-
osition.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Why, sir, how often
must I repeat that I am trying to conform to
the ruling of the Speaker ? 1 am speaking of
the manner by which the judgment of the
House was sought to be influenced. If I am
not allowed to discuss that, then I have noth-
ing to say. My argument will not require me
to impugn motives.
Mr. BANKS. I do not doubt the gentleman
from Kentucky means to do.exactly as he says,
to speak in vindication of himself, and not to
impugn the motives of the House or the mem-
bers of the House; but he certainly does do
that when he says the member from Massa-
chusetts lay in wait.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I said "lying in wait
in the argument." I did not mean the words
as personally offensive, and so stated.
Mr. BANKS. The member from Massa-
chusetts spoke on that question because he was
violently assailed, and because the committee
was violently assailed, in the report made,
and because by accident the gentleman from
Ohio, who was entitled to an hour to close the
debate, stopped before that time had expired
and yielded to him. There was no arrange-
ment; it was pure accident.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman give
way for one moment?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Yes, sir.
Mr. GAR.FIELD. I have never doubted
that the remaiks made by me on the subject
before the House a few days ago, to which the
gentleman refers, were in order. I am not
aware that any sentence I then uttered was out
of order. I do not know that my motive for
pursuing any given line of argument on that
occasion is a proper matter for comment by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Rous-
seau.] I certainly was not conscious of using
any unfair argument, nor of being influenced
by passion or any unworthy motive. I shall
not enter into that question, but I desire to
say that if the action of the House in this'mat-
ter can be reviewed, and the motives and sug-
gestions of every gentleman who has spoken
on the subject can now be animadverted upon
by the party under censure, it is simply revers-
ing the order, and subjecting the House to the
reprimand of the offender, instead of his being
reprimanded by the House. I hope, sir, that
the House will command that obedience to its
authority which is due from every member.
Mr. ROUSSExVU. I will relieve the gentle-
man from any further trouble on the subject.
I should be very sorx-y to abuse the evidently
liberal courtesy of the House.
I wish to say a single word to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I remarked,
with all courtesy, that he seemed to have lain
ip> wait in the argument. The gentleman says
I do him injustice, and perhaps, if he under-
stood me as he states he did, I do. I must,
however, be allowed to express, in view of his
remarkable disclaimer, my amazement that his
whole argument, or almost the whole of it,
seemed to bo devoted to me, and not, as ho
alleges, to members who assailed him.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the attention of
the House to the beginning of this matter. The
gentleman the other day—and I merely allude
to itasapreface to what I wish to say—remarked
that I had waited four days to redress the griev-
ance complained of. It will be seen that he
was mistaken by a day—though that perhaps
is a small matter. The discussion took place
on Monday and on Thursday evening the col-
lision took place. It is assumed that in that
interval my feelings had time to cool. I think
gentlemen will agree with me in this, that no
time is long enough for "cooling" when one
is defamed and maligned upon the record of
the nation. When a man has been outrageously
attacked in his reputation, especially in the
enduring form of a record to be handed down
to posterity, he is not likely to learn temperance
by a frequent recurrence to that unredressed
wrong. The passage of three days had no such
effect; it could have had none. I waited, as I
thought I ought, to permit this House to take
the matter into its own hands. Did the House
expect me to supplicatingly call attention to
what members now seem so sensitively alive
to, in regard to the dignity and privileges of
this House? The indignity had occurred on
this floor and members had stood by and al-
lowed it to remain to stain their proceedings.
In my judgment injustice was done me in that
no gentleman brought the matter before the
House in such form as to punish both the mem-
ber and myself—if I deserved such censure.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to apoint of order.
The House has already passed judgment upon
the remarks made on that occasion as well as
upon the conduct of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
consent of the House to make a personal ex-
planation, but the Chair does not think it goes
to the extent of reprobating the action of the
House of Representatives. If that could be
allowed, then the gentleman who is now before
the bar of the House would have the right to
inflict a reprimandand censure upon the House
for dereliction of duty in some particular.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am not reprobating
the action but the non-action of the House.
Nor can I understand that reference to the
mode in which my case has been prosecuted
by particular members of this House is a repri-
mand upon the collective House or a reflec-
tion on its judgment; yet I will pass the mat-
ter by.
Mr. JENCICES. Is it in order to withhold
the consent of the House to allow the personal
explanation?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House has
consented to allow a personal explanation.
The gentleman can require that a majority of
the House shall consent to his proceeding fur-
ther in order. "When the Chair sustains the
point of order that ends his power. Any mem-
ber can then require a vote of the House whether
the member shall proceed in order.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I was going on to say, Mi\
Speaker, that I felt aggrieved by the abuse that
I thought I had received upon this floor ; but
I waited for the House to take action in the
matter. I was also informed on the day after
the occurrence took place, that the member
from Iowa would tender me a written apology.
That, together with the reasons assigned, caused
the delay, and I waited until Thursday. No
member of the House having called the matter
up or taken any steps to assert the dignity of
the House, assailed as it had been, perhaps by
myselfas well as the other member, I thought the
matter had assumed an entirely personal aspect,
and, as such, my only remedy was in my own
hands. But I wish the members of the House to
believe that it was the last thing in my mind,
to offer an indignity to this body. I think I
evinced my respect to the House. I think I
could not have given a higher evidence of my
regard for the peace and dignity of this House
than I then manifested ; and I assert my belief
that scarcely a member on the floor would have
submitted to what I did. I went beyond the
walls of this Chamber to adjust the matter. I
did not think it was a privilege secured by the
Constitution of the United States to members of
this House to denounce, defame, and slander
any person upon this floor. I did not believe
that it was the privilege of one member of Con-
gress to slander the character of another mem-
ber.
Mr. PRICE. I make the point of order that
my colleague [Mr. Grinnell] not being pres-
ent, and the remarks of the gentleman being
calculated to reflect upon him very severely,
they are not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The House has passed judg-
ment on the entire transaction, and it is not
now open to review.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Very well; I did not in-
tend to be out of order. I wish to read from
Judge Story on this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. As it seems impossible to
confine the gentleman within the ruling of the
Chair, I ask that he be required to take his
seat.
Mr. WARD. I move that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] be allowed to
proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated what
he regards as in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Ward's
motion; and there were—ayes 78, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to; and Mr.
Rousseau was allowed to proceed.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am much obliged to
the House for giving me this permission, and I
shall occupy its time but a few minutes further.
I wish to know, now, if it is in order to
have read those extracts from Mr. Grixxell's
speech, which are included in the report of the
committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
It is opening up the question anew, and the
Chair would have to give the floor to the gen-
tleman from Iowa to reply.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Very well; I yield, then,
the whole matter, since the ruling of the Chair
manifestly excludes about all that I wish to
state by way of explanation.
I wish to say now to the House that I am
here to-day to submit to the punishment the
House has chosen to inflict upon me, but I
am unwilling that my constituents in my per-
son shall be subjected to reproof in this way,
and I look upon a seat in Congress as worth-
less when coupled with an imputation which
rests alike upon constituents and Representa-
tive. I have sent my resignation to the post
office in this building, and I send a copy of it
to the Clerk's desk and ask that it may be read.
In thus resigning my seat I wish to add with em-
phasis that I am not seeking to avoid, much less
to evade, the judgment of the House, for I am
here to receive it. I shall submit cheerfully
to your final action in the matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C„ July 21,1866.
Governor: The majority in the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States have directed tho
Speaker to have me brought to the bar of the House
and there reprimand me for an assault on the mem-
ber from Iowa for unbearable insults offered mo
by that member. I feel that this sentence is unjust
to the people X represent, as well as to myself, and I
am unwilling they should be thus humiliated in my
person as their Representative. I therefore respect-
fully resign my office as member of Congress from tho
fifth congressional district of Kentucky, and beg leave
to forward the same to you.
I have the honor to be. &c
LOVELL II. ROUSSEAU.
His Excellency Thomas E. Bkamlette,
Governor of Kentucky.
Mr. SPALDING. The resignation of the
member from Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] hav-
ing been tendered by him, I move that he be
discharged from the custody of the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
Mr. STEVENS. The resignation has notyet
been accepted, and therefore he is still a mem-
ber of this House. Even if his resignation had
been accepted, and he was no longer a mem-
ber of this House, it would make no difference.
The motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] is a most extraordinary one, and I
hope the House will not think of adopting it.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say1 one or two
words upon my motion. I think the resolu-
tion of this House was intended to operate upon
a member of this House, a Representative from
the State of Kentucky, from the fifth congres-
