<3050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Now, what have we done as a nation m the
way of expenses? In 1832 we organized a
Coast Survey Bureau, and we have expended
millions upon it. Its officers have triangulated
thousands of miles of our coasts, have made
soundings of all our bays and harbors, and
have carefully mapped the shoals, breakers,
and coast lines from our northern boundary on
the Atlantic to the extreme northern boundary
on our Facific coast. They have established
eight hundred tidal stations to obserVe the fluc-
tuations of the tides. We have expended vast
sums in order perfectly to know the topography
of our coasts, lakes, and rivers, that we might
make navigation more safe. What, is it of no
consequence that we explore the boundaries
of that wonderful intellectual empire which
incloses within its dominion the fate of suc-
ceeding generations, and of this Republic?
The children of to-day will be the architects
of our country's destiny ill 1900.
We have established an Astronomical Ob-
servatory here where the movements of the
stars are watched, latitude and longitude cal-
culated, and where chronometers arc regulated
for the benefit of navigation. For this Observ-
atory you pay one third of a million per annum.
Is it of no consequence that you study those
stars which shall, in the time to conic, be guid-
ing stars in the political firmament?
You have a Light-House Board established,
and they are making experiments, by all the
aids of science, in the best modes of regulating
the beacons upon our shores; tliev arc placing
buoys as way-marks to guide ships into our
harbors and make our navigation more safe.
Will you not have alight-house board that will
set up beacons for the coming generation, not
as lights lo the eye, but to the mind and heart,
that shall lead them salt1!}' in the perilous voy-
age of life, and enable tliem lo transmit the
blessings of our liberty to (hose who shall
come after lliein ?
We have set on foot a score of expeditions
to explore (lie mountains and ialleys, the lakes
and rivers, of this and oilier countries. We
have expended money without stint to explore
the Amazon and 1 he Jordan, Chili and Japan,
the gold shores of the Colorado and the cop-
cr cliffs of Lake Superior, lo gather and pub-
ish the great facts of science, and to exhibit
the material resources of physical nature.
Will you refuse the pitiful sum required to
Collect and record the intellectual resources
of this country, the elements that lie behind
all material wealth and make it either a curse
or a blessing?
We have paid three quarters of a million
dollars for Ihe survey of the ionto for the Pa-
cific railroad, and have published the results
in thirteen quarto volumes, with maps and
charts accompanying them. The money for
these, purposes was freely expended, and now,
when it is proposed to appropriate $13,000
to aid m increasing tlio in! exigence of those
who will use that great continental highway
when it is completed, we are reminded of our
debts, and warned against increasing our ex-
penditures. It is dillicult to treat such an
objection with that respect that always is due
in this hall of legislation.
Wo have established a Patent Office where
are annually accumulated thousands of models
of new machinery invented by our people.
Will you make no expenditure for the benefit
of the intelligence that.shall stand behind that
machinerv and be its controller? Will you
bestow all your favors upon the engine, and
ignore the engineer? I will not insult the in-
telligence of this House by waiting to prove
that moneypaid for education is the most eco-
nomical of all expenditure. It is cheaper to
reduce crime than to build jails. School-houses
are less expensive than rebellions. A tenth of
our national debt expended in public education
fifty years ago would have saved us the blood and
treasure of the late war. A far less sum may
save our children from a still greater calamity.
We expend hundreds of thousands to promote
the agricultural interests of the country, to in-
troduce the best modes of culture in all that
Fi
pertains to husbandry. Is it not of more con-
sequence to do something for the farmer of the
future than for the farm of to-day?
As man is greater than soil, as the immortal
spirit is nobler than the clod it animates, so is
the object of this bill of more importance than
any mere pecuniary interest.
The genius of our Government does not
allow us to establish a compulsory system of
education, as is done in some of the countries
of Europe. There are States in this Union,
however, which have adopted a compulsory
system of education, and perhaps that is well.
]t is for the State to determine. A distin-
guished gentleman from Rhode Island told me
lately that it was now the law in that State
that every child within its borders should be
sent to school, and that every vagrant child
should be taken in charge by the authorities and
sent to school. It may be well for the Stales
to pursue such a course ; but the General Gov-
ernment can do nothing of that sort. It lias
no compulsory control over this matter, and
wo propose none in this bill.
But we do propose this: that we shall use
that power, so effective in this country, the
power of letting in light on subjects and hold-
ing them up lo the verdict of public opinion.
If it could be published annually from this
Capitol, if it could go out through every dis-
trict of the United States that there were States
in this Union that had no system of common
schools, and if their records could be placed
beside the records of such States as Massa-
chusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
other States that have a common-school sys-
tem, the very light shining upon them would
rouse up Iheir energies and compel them to
educate their children. It would shame out of
their delinquency all the delinquent States of
this country.
Mr. Speaker, if I wore called upon to-day to
point to that in my own State of which I am
most proud, I would not point to any of the
hauling lines of our military record, to the he-
roic men and the brilliant officers wo have
given to this contest; I would not point to any
of our leading men of the past or the present,
as the trophies of our State; but I would point
to the common schools of Ohio ; I would point
to the honorable fact that in the great struggle
of live years through which we have just passed,
the State of Ohio lias expended ij>12,u00,000
for the support of her public schools. 1 do
not include in that the amount expended upon
our higher institutions of learning. I would
point to the fact that fifty-two per cent, of the
taxation of Ohio for the last five years, aside
from the war tax and the tax for the payment
of the public debt, has been for the support of
her schools. I would point to the schools of
Cincinnati, of Cleveland, and other cities of
the Slate, if i desired a stranger to see the
glory of Ohio. I would point you to the thir-
teen thousand school-houses and the seven
hundred thousand pupils ill the schools of
Ohio. I would point to the $3,000,000 she
has paid for schools during the last year alone.
This is, in my judgment, the proper gauge by
which to measure the progress of the States of
this Union.
Gentlemen tell us there is no need of this
bill—the States are doing well enough now.
Do I hey know through what a struggle every
State bus come up that has secured a good
system of common schools? Let me illustrate
this by one example. Notwithstanding the
early declaration of William Peun—
"That which makes a good constitution must keep
it, namely, men of wisdom and viitue; quantity
that because they descend not with worldly inher-
itance must tio careiully propagated by a virtuous
education of youlh, for which spare no cust, for by
such parsimony all that is saved is lost."
Notwithstanding this wise master builder
incorporated this sentiment in his "frame-
work of government" and made iL the duty of
the Governor and Council "to establish "and
support public schools notwithstanding Ben-
jamin franklin from the iirst hour he became
a citizen of Pennsylvania inculcated the value
of useful knowledge lo every human being i n
every walk of life, and by his personal and
pecuniary- effort did establish schools and a
college for Philadelphia; notwithstanding the
constitution of Pennsylvania made it obliga-
tory upon the Legislature to foster the educa-
tion of the citizens ; notwithstanding all this,
it was not till 1833-34 that a system of com-
mon schools supported in part by taxation of
the property of the State, for the common
benefit of all the children of the State, was
established by law ; and although the law was
passed by an almost unanimous vote of both
branches of the Legislature, so foreign was
the idea of public schools to the habits of the
people, so odious was the idea of taxation for
this purpose, that even the poor who were to
be specially benefited, were so deluded by
the political demagogues as to clamor for its
repeal.
Many members who voted for the law lost
their nominations, and others, although nomi-
nated, lost their election. Some were weak
enough to pledge themselves to a repeal of the
law; and in the session of 1835 there was ail
almost certain prospect of its repeal and the
adoption in its place of an odious and limited
provision for educating the children of the poor
by themselves. In the darkest hour of the
debate, wdien the hearts of the original friends
of the system were foiling from fear, there rose
on the floor of the House one of its early
champions, one who, though not a native of
the State, felt the disgrace which the repeal of
this law would give, like a knife in his-bosom;
one who, though no kith or kin of his would
be benefited by the operations of the system,
and though he should share its burdens, he
would only partake with every citizen in its
blessings; one who had voted for the original
law although introduced by his political oppo-
nents, and who had defended and gloried in
his vote before an angry and unwilling con-
stituency ; this man, then in the beginning of
his public career, threw himself into the con-
flict and by his earnest and brave eloquence
saved the law, and gave a noble system of
common schools to Pennsylvania.
1 doubt if, at this hour, after the thirty years
crowded full of successful labors at the bar,
before the people, and in halls of legislation,
the venerable and distinguished member [Mr.
Stevkxs] who now represents a portion of the
same State in this House, can recall any speech
of his life with half the pleasure he does that,
for no measure with which his name has been
connected is so fraught with blessings to hun-
dreds of thousands of children, and to homes
innumerable.
1 hold in my hand a copy of his brave speech,
and T ask the Clerk to read the passages I have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I am comparatively a stranger among you, born
in another, in a distant State; no parent, or kindred
of mine did, does, or probably ever will dwell within
your borders. I have none of those strolls cords to
bind me to yourhonora.ndyourinterest; yet, if there
is any one thing on earth which I ardently desire
above all others it is to seo Pennsylvania standing
up in her intellectual, as she confessedly docs in her
physical resouiccs, high above ail her oonlcderate
rivals. How shameful, then, would it bo for these
her native sons to tcel less so, when the dust of their
ancestors is mingled with her soil, theii h lends and
relatives enjoy her present piospenty, and their de-
scendants, for Jong ages to conic, will partake of her
happiness oi miscij, lier glory or her mlamy!"
A A .i j-. .. * *
" In giving this law to posterity you act the part
of the plulantlnopist, by bedouin g upon the poor as
well as the rich the greatest earthly boon which they
are capable of receiving; j on act t he part ol the phi-
losopher by pointing, if yon do not load tliom, up
the hill of science; you act the part of the hero, if it
be true, as you sa.y, that popular vcngcancc follows
close upon your lootsteps. Here, then, if jou wish
true popularity, is a theater on which you mav ac-
quire it.'' ■■■ .!•
" Let oil, therefore, who would sustaan the charac-
ter of llle philosopher or philanthropist sustain this
law. Those who would add thereto the glory of the
hero, cap acquire it here; for, in the present stateof
letting in Pennsylvania. I am willing to admitthat
but tittle less dansrel ous to the public man is the war-
clnb and battle-ax cf savage ignorance than to the
hc.n-heartcd Richard was tne keen scimeter of the
Saracen, lie who would oppose it, either through
inability to comprehend the advantages of general
education, or from unwillingness to bestow them on
all his fellow-citizens, even to the lowest and the
