1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sional district of thatState. We have 110 longer a
Representative here from the fifth congressional
district of Kentucky to deal with, and the res-
olution, therefore, becomes inoperative. And
I do not know how this House can come to any
other conclusion than to dismiss the gentleman
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms. I
made the motion in good faith ; if I am wrong
I am open to conviction.
Mr. STEVEN'S. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding, J who has made this motion,
offered a resolution, as chairman of the select
committee, which was adopted by this House,
which directed that persons not members of
this House be brought to the bar of this House
to be dealt with as the House has directed.
The mentioning a person as a member of this
House from Kentucky was a mere description
of the man.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is this motion debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEVENS. It makes no difference
whether it was Lovell H. Rousseau or any
other man who attacked a member of this
House for words spoken in debate, the House
has the same power over the matter. And
while I cannot account for many things that
took place during the trial, this motion made
by the chairman of the committee is still more
unaccountable to me.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. At this stage
of the case, I suppose every member of the
House will require temperate remarks. It has
been suggested by some gentleman on the
other side that perhaps the Governor of Ken-
tucky has not yet accepted the resignation of
my late oollCfegue. Now, it seems to me that
there is nothing whatever in that suggestion.
My late colleague did not receive his office as
Representative hero from the Governor of Ken-
tucky. The Governor has no power over him
at all. My late colleague has resigned his
office to the constituency that conferred it upon
him; and it is not in the power of the Gov-
ernor to prevent the resignation. I can to-day
resign my office as a Representative from the
State of Kentucky, make that resignation pub-
lic, and whether the Governor accepts the res-
ignation or not, my constituents have returned
to them the oflice which they conferred upon
me. The sending the resignation to the Gov-
ernor is only one method of making it public.
That is all there is of it.
Now, in support of the sound view of this
matter taken by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] I beg leave to suggest that
the judgment of this House is that Lovell H.
Rousseau, a member from the State of Ken-
tucky, be brought to the bar of the House and
there bo reprimanded. Now, I ask whether
that is not a punishment peculiar to the char-
acter of a man as a Representative in this
body? If an outsider, a stranger, commits a
violation of the rules of the House, you would
punish him appropriately by fine or by im-
prisonment. But a simple reprimand is a pun-
ishment peculiarly adapted to the character of
a member of this House. My colleague is no
longer a member of this body; therefore he
cannot be reprimanded as such.
But gentlemen may say that in accordance
with the practice in judicial proceedings, when
any tribunal acquires jurisdiction it can go on
and complete its action. With some excep-
tions, this may be true. But when a court has
ordered a fine to bo inflicted, if the man dies
the sentence cannot be executed. This House
took jurisdiction of my colleague as a Repre-
sentative, and in that character it has attempted
to punish him by inflicting upon him the cen-
sure of the House. But now the representa-
tive character of the gentleman is dead. He
is now an individual, and you cannot punish
him as a Representative, as a member of this
House.
Mr. IIIGBY. I have listened to all that the
gentleman has said, and I would like to ask
him a question. I desire to know in what
capacity the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Rousseau] has come here and addressed the
House this mdrning for half an hour—whether
simply as a private citizen or as a member of
this House. If the gentleman from Kentucky
has ceased to be a member of the House, and
become a private citizen, I would like to know
at what precise time he ceased to be a member.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. In response
to the gentleman, I will say that my colleague
did not come here at all. He has been in cus-
tody, and he has been kept here. He has been
in the custody of this House; and no matter
what his character may be, he was allowed by
the courtesy of this House to make a personal
explanation. But, sir, that does not change
the law of the case at all. It is sufficient to
know that, before this House proceeds to exe-
cute judgment, my colleague ceases to be a
Representative; and you cannot, therefore,
execute the judgment of the House on him in
that character at all, no more than you can
execute the judgment of a court after the cul-
prit has departed this life. When the culprit
dies, the judgment of the court also of neces-
sity dies. So the representative character with
which my colleague was clothed, and in which
this House tried him and sought to punish him,
has departed before the execution of the judg-
ment, and he is now, to all intents and pur-
poses, a private citizen.
Mr. H1GBY. I understood the gentleman
to say that his colleague had been in custody.
I suppose he means of an officer. If such is
the fact, it is news to mc.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I mean con-
structively in custody.
Mr. BANKS. I would like to occupy a very
few minutes upon this question.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I will yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I cannot sus-
tain the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] the chairman of the select
committee, on the question of privilege. That
motion, as I understand, is based on the theory
that the gentleman from Kentucky is not a
member of the House. Sir, he is'a member
of the House. He cannot dissolve his connec-
tion with this House as a member by any act
of his own. The resignation of a member
must be accepted by the House in order to
release the member from his obligations to the
House. This is well-established parliament-
ary law. This House is created by the Con-
stitution and according to the forms of the^
^Constitution; and it cannot be dissolved by
any other act than its own during the time
for which it is appointed. It cannot be dis-
solved by the voluntary act of any number of
its members who may choose upon their own
judgment to resign their positions. I under-
stand it to be a well-established principle, and
I believe it to have been acted upon by this
House, that a member cannot of his own will,
without the consent of the House, resign his
office and be absolved from his obligations as
a member.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Well, Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] is an experienced parliamenta-
rian—perhaps a much better parliamentarian
than lawyer; I do not know how that is. But is
not the doctrine which he has advanced most
strange? What does it amount to? That a
member of this House cannot resign his po-
sition to his constituents without the consent
of this House. Sir, from whom did the gen-
tleman receive his power, whom does he rep-
resent? His constituents at home most cer-
tainly. They clothed him with the office. I
do not suppose that side of the House will
oppose that position, that the power of repre-
sentation belongs to the people, and it is not
within the power of the nation or any State to
trammel it.
Mr. KELLEY. Will, the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. For a ques-
tion.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the indulgence of the
gentleman for a moment for the purpose of
inviting attention to what was the informal
action of that side of the House at a former
stage of the present case. It so happened Mr.
Green Clay Smith paired himself on this
question with two gentlemen.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I decline
to yield further. Mr. Smith has gone to Mon-
tana.
Mr. KELLEY. He had gone to Montana
and resigned. Those gentlemen submitted it
to this side of the House whether his having
forwarded his resignation, to which fact I cer-
tified, released them from the pair, and Ken-
tucky then held that a member did not cease
to be such until his resighation had been ac-
cepted. So the two members were kept silent
by a pair with what is now called a dead or
non-member.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to say whether
lie has any knowledge that Mr. Green Clay
Smith has resigned. I am told he has not.
Mr. KELLEY. I then stated on the floor
that Mr. Green Clay Smith had forwarded his
resignation to Kentucky, and wasaboutentering
on the discharge of his duties as Governor of
Montana.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I was in-
formed of the reverse at that time when his
pair came up ; I was informed that he had not
resigned. The gentleman did not state it then,
and I do not believe now that he has resigned.
I believe he ought to have resigned. [Laugh-
ter.] My belief is now that he has not re-
signed.
Mr. BENJAMIN rose.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Let me an-
swer one gentleman at a time. If the gentle-
man had said he had knowledge of the fact
that Mr. Giieen Clay Smith had resigned, I
myself would have opposed his voting here.
It is well known that I never sought to have
his vote or action here. [Laughter. ] He may
go to Montana, or anywhere else, for me. I
was told he had not resigned. As a matter of
fact, when it comes to be looked into, I think
it will be found he is drawing his salary to-day
as a member of Congress. I hope I may be
mistaken in regard to that.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman fails to note
that I had announced Mr. Green Clay Smith
had informed me he had forwarded his resig-
nation.
Mr. ROGERS. Has the gentleman from
Pennsylvania a right to address the House ?
The SPEAKER. He has, if the gentleman
fro.m Kentucky does not object.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentusky. The gen-
tleman did not state within my hearing that
Mr. Smith had resigned.
Mr. KELLEY rose.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I do not
yield. If the gentleman stated the fact, it did
not come to my hearing. I think Mr. Smith
ought to have resigned. I believe he has not
resigned. I am told he has not. I have made
these remarks to explain my own position. I
hope he has resigned, but I do not believe he
has. But so far as that case is concerned, it
makes no figure here.
I return, then, for a moment to the gen-
tleman's most extraordinary position that a
member of this House cannot resign at all or
vacate his seat in the House. I would suggest
whether it will not be most fortunate or con-
venient at this time never to grant leave to any
man on that side of the House to resign, for
just as certain as he goes home and a new
election is ordered, the copperheads will beat
him and you will never get him back again.
So you had better practice on that doctrine and
let no member of this pure body vacate his
seat lest you should fail to get as good a n«n
back again.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield ?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. For what
purpose?
Mr. PRICE. I merely want to verify a
statement.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. What state-
ment? i do not want any indorsers.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that this is a verification of the
