1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
The Constitution says the United States shall
guaranty to each State a republican form of
government. At the end of the rebellion we
found that the insurgents had erected insur-
rectionary governments that were in the hands
of traitors, and that were not only not repub-
lican, but that were usurpations and tyrannies.
We-found that the rebels in arms had seized
hold of the political machinery of the States,
and had not only carried them into rebellion,
but had linked their fortunes to a pretended
and revolutionary confederacy, which they
acknowledged, and to which they had all sworn
allegiance.
We found that men who were true in their
loyalty to this Government were hunted down
like dogs and treated like beasts; their property
confiscated, their homesteads desolated, their
wives and children forced away from them be-
cause of their loyalty. We found all this, and
more which I shall not stop to recount, and
which history will blush to record.
This being the case, the question is, not
whether the States that went into rebellion
were ever out of the Union, not whether by
their ordinances of secession they succeeded in
doing what their ordinances proclaimed to the
world, but whether the State governments we
found in existence at the time the combined
armies of the confederacy surrendered to Grant
were the legitimate State governments recog-
nized by the Constitution, and republican in
form, or were usurpations, presided over by
traitors to their country.
It cannot be contended for a moment that
the State governments found in existence in
April, 1805, were the same State governments
that existed prior to 1861. Not only is this net
so, in relation to the functionaries representing
these State governments, such as Governors,
judges, and members of the Legislature, but in
many, if not all of them, their State constitu-
tions had been changed in order to meet the
new obligations which they had contracted in
attaching themselves to the rebel usurpation.
"Were these State governments legal or illegal;
were they constitutional or unconstitutional;
were they republican or anti-republican ? If
they are legal, constitutional, and republican,
then were their ordinances of secession legal,
constitutional, and republican? If, on the
other hand, their ordinances of secession are
and were void, then their State governments
made under their ordinances of secession are
void. The one follows as the necessary con-
sequence of the other. This being the case,
their secession ordinances being void, and all
their State governments in existence during
the rebellion being in like manner void and
usurpations, we are forced to come to one of
two conclusions, either that the State gov-
ernments in existence in 1801 and prior to the
rebellion, are in existence now, unchangfed,
with all of their rights and immunities, in as
full and ample a ifaanner as they possessed them
at that time, or the rebel usurpations which
continued in these States for four years, and
which have bceu overthrown by force of arms,
are still in existence, or the new State gov-
ernments, created by provisional governors
appointed by the President, are in existence.
If the first be the ease—that is, if these State
Governments have hadan existence all through
the rebellion just as though no rebellion had
happened—then there is no obligation, no con-
dition that either Congress or the Executive,
either as a war measure or in any other respect,
can impose upon these States. Then neither
Congress nor the Executive have any right to
say, you shall first adopt the amendment to
abolish slavery, and repudiate the doctrine of
secession, and as a condition-precedent before
their admission to representation in Congress.
Then neither the President nor Congress has
any right to say that before any of their Rep-
resentatives shall be admitted here they shall
first be loyal, and then take an oath of loyalty.
If this be true, then neither Mr. Lincoln nor
Mr. Johnson had any right to appoint provis-
ional governors of States whose machinery of
government was already ia existence, and
which the rebellion did not and could not
destroy. Then all the acts done by these pro-
visional governors are illegal and void, and
without warrant of law, either under the Con-
stitution or the laws of nations.
It'appears to me, sir, that a strange confu-
sion of ideas has taken place in the discussion
of this question. A State is confounded with
the government of the State. A State cannot
go out of the Union unless by successful revo-
lution it succeeds in a separate, independent
nationality, acknowledged as such by the world.
Secession ordinances cannot carry a State out
of the Union, because if they could, every State
that attempted to secede would to-day be out
of the Union. But the government of a State
can become' usurped and so utterly destroyed
as to require not only remodeling but an entire
new frame work.
Suppose, sir, for illustration, that the rebels
in my own State had succeeded in 1861 in pass-
ing an ordinance of secession and forcing the
loyal Governor of Maryland either to leave the
State or to vacate the functions of his office;
suppose, in place of the State government then
in existence, they had elected another Governor,
Legislature, ana judiciary—all of them sworn
to support the upstart and usurping confed-
eracy; suppose this State government so or-
ganized had waged war against the United
States for four years, and at the end of that
time was compelled by force of arms to submit
to the power against whom it had rebelled, in
what condition would my State have been, and
what would have been the duty and the obliga-
tions of this Government to the loyal Union
men of Maryland who refused to take part in
the usurpation, and who never yielded a vol-
untary support to the confederacy?
To be sure the boundaries of the State would
have remained the same as ihey do now. Its
geography would not have been changed, and
possibly its name would have been allowed to
exist. But suppose one portion of the people,
acting under the constitution of the State as it
existed prior to 1801, had elected Representa-
tives and Senators, and suppose another portion
of the people had elected Senators and Repre-
sentatives in accordance with the laws made
during the four years it was in rebellion, and
that still another portion had elected Senators
and Representatives in accordance with a con-
stitution and laws made and enacted under and
by virtue of a convention called into being by
a provisional governor appointed by the Pres-
ident as Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
which State government would you recognize,
and which set of Representatives would you
admit, and where would the power reside as to
which was the State government and who its
Representatives? If you say you would recog-
nize the State governments in existance prior
to 1861, then how can you reconcile the fact
that the State governments organized in all of
the lately rebellious States are to-day the creat-
ures and creations of the conjoint action of the
President of the United States by the appoint-
ment of provisional governors, on the one part,
and the people of these States, acting by per-
mission of the provisional governors, on the
other.
Tf it be said that this cannot be done, that
the State governments as they existed in 1860
were usurped, then I want to know if you
intend to acknowledge the rebel usurpations
carried on for over four years in spite of the
Constitution, and in spite of the armies and the
Navy of the United States which finally ground
them to powder. If you will not, as you can-
not and dare not, acknowledge the rebel' usur-
pations, then the question is presented, are
the State governments as at present organized
in the lately rebellious States, so organized on
such principles of justice and loyalty as to war-
rant the people of the United States to reinvest
them with all the rights and privileges of States
in as full and ample a manner_ as they were
possessed by them prior to the time when they
went into rebellion?
Inthediseussionofthisquestion, Mr. Speaker,
I do not intend to allow myself to be drawn
into a consideration of abstract questions, which
when fully exhausted and finally answered bring
us no nearer to the point we are trying to reach
than when we started.
For this reason I do not intend to assume, as
many have who have preceded me, either the
right of a State to secede, or whether the rebel
States did secede, or whether they have ever
been out of the Union, or whether they are Ter-
ritories. It is enough for me to know that they
have been in rebellion ; that during that rebel-
lion their State governments ceased to have
«vny relations (except as enemies) with the peo-
ple of the United States ; that certain conse-
quences followed from their rebellion—one the
subversion or overthrow of their State govern-
ments, the other a suspension of the represen-
tation in Congress.
I claim, sir, that it is for Congress to decide
not only whether these State governments
having been once subverted, have been again
reconstructed, but to examine and see how
they have been reconstructed, and whether they
have been so reconstructed as to entitle them
to representation here. In the language of the
lamented Lincoln—
"Let us all join-fn doing the acts necessary to re-
storing the proper practical relations between these
States and the Union, and each forever after inno-
cently indulge his own opinion whether, in doing the
acts, he brought the States from without into the
Union, or only gave thein proper assistance, they
never having been out of it."
That we are all desirous of doing this I am
satisfied. That it ought to be done quickly,
but with a view to secure future peace and
security, both to them and to us, I am per-
suaded. So far as the constitutional power of
Congress over this whole matter is concerned,
I am convinced it is ample and exclusive.
The President, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and the Navy, has the power to erect
military provisional governments as temporary
expedients for peace and quiet. But these pro-
visional governments only proved two things:
first, that the old State governments had been
subverted or destroyed: andsecond, that having
been destroyed, someexpedientmustberesorted
to to make a new one. The power of Congress
commenced where that of the President ceased.
His power ceased when he withdrew his pro-
visional governors. The power of Congress
commenced when called upon to recognize the
Senators and Representatives of the newly-
reconslructed Stale governments.
That this power is in Congress, and exclu-
sively in Congress, I shall read a short passage
from the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of Luther rs. Borden,
reported in 7 Howard's Supreme Court Reports,
at page 10. Say the court:
"The fourth section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that Congress
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of government." * t * * *
" Under this article of the Constitution it restswith
Congress to decide what government is the established
one in a State. For as the United States guaranty
to every State a republican government. Congress
must necessarily decide what government is estab-
lished in a State before it can determine whether it
is republican or not.
" And when the Senators and Representatives of
a State are admitted "—
I desire gentlemen to pay their particular
attention to this—
"into the councils of the Union, the authority of the
government under which they are appointed, as well
asits republican character, is recognized by the proper
constitutional authority."
What stronger authority could you have, as
to the meaning of the guarantee clause and
of the duties and powers of Congress under it
than this? And what better vindication could
we desire, as to our refusal to admit these Sen-
ators and Representatives from the rebel States
until their condition has been inquired into and
the form of government they have made has
been ascertained, than the announcement made
in this case, that when the Senators and Rep-
resentatives are admitted into the councils of
the Union the authority under which they are
appointed is not only recognized, but the repub-
lican character of their State governments is
at once and forever acknowledged ?
