1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3051
poorest, or from dread of popular vengeancc, seems
-tome to want either the Bead of the philosopher,
the heart of the philanthropist, or tho nerve of tho
hero."
Mr. GARFIELD. He has lived long enough
to see this law, which he helped to found in 1834
and more than any other man was instrumental
in saving from repeal in 1835, expanded and
consolidated into a noble system of public in-
struction. Twelve thousand schools have been
built by the voluntary taxation of the people, to
the amount for school-houses alone of nearly
ten million dollars. Many millions of children
have been educated in these schools. More
than seven hundred thousand are returned as in
the public schools of Pennsylvania in 1861-G5,
and the annual cost of these schools, provided
by voluntary taxation, in the year 186*1, was
nearly three million dollars, giving employ-
ment to sixteen thousand teachers.
It is glory enough for one man to have con-
nected his name so honorably with the original
establishment and early and effective support
of such a system.
The SPEA KER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Ohio has expired.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I believe
I have not spoken an hour. Am I not enti-
tled to an hour after the calling of the pre-
vious question?
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Ohio began at twenty-seven minutes
after one o'clock, one hour ago. At that time
the gentleman rose as he stated to close the
debate. He then yielded portions of his time
to various gentlemen. At five minutes before
two o'clock he demanded the previous ques-
tion. The effect of that, however, is not to
give the gentleman an hour after the call of
the previous question when lie had already
obtained the floor and consumed a portion of
his hour by yielding to other gentlemen. Tho
Digest, on page 113, states that—
" Tho right of the member reporting tho pending
■measure to close the debate is never denied hi in,
even after the previous question is ordered."
The gentleman from Ohio, having reported
this bill, was entitled to an hour to open the
debate and an hour to close it. Having opened
the debate, he could not, according to parlia-
mentary usage, be recognized while other gen-
tlemen who had not spoken were claiming the
floor, unless he rose to close the debate; and
as ho stated that sueli was his purpose, the
Chair recognized him as entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that, by unani-
mous consent, the time of the gentleman from
Ohio be extended.
Mr. PIKE. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. Iam obliged to the gen-
tleman from Maine. I gave him twice as much
time as lie first asked.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded and the main question
ordered, debate is exhausted upon the propo-
sition. The first question is upon the amend-
ment of tho gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grix-
kei.i,. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 desire to make a sin-
gle inquiry of the Chair. Did not the time
occupied by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike J come out of the time of my colleague,
[Mr. Garfield?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair made a state-
ment a moment ago, which perhaps the gen-
tleman did not hear. The Chair will repeat.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
who reported this bill, had the right to open
and to close the debate. He had a right to
make two speeches, while other gentlemen
had the right to make but one. The gentle-
man, the other day, opened the debate. At
twenty-seven minutes after one o'clock to-day
he rose to close the debate. He then yielded
portions of his time to various gentlemen. At
five minutes before two o'clock he demanded
the previous question, after the seconding of
which and the ordering of the main question
he proceeded with his remarks, the previous
question not interfering with his right to do so,
as will be seen by tho extract from the Digest
which was read a few moments ago.
Mr. SCHENCK. The purpose of my inquiry-
was simply to call the attention of tho gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pikk] to the fact that
tho time which he occupied came out of my
colleague's time.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. PIKE. Yes, sir; but when I rose to
speak no member had been heard in opposi-
tion to the bill 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
without unanimous consent.
Mr. PIKE. I will be more generous than
the gentleman from Ohio, and will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I renew the
objection.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. ihiiXKEiA., it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the substitute proposed by Mr. Randall,
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 07, not voting
G3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barkor, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine,
Bromwell, Buckland, Header W. Clarke, Davis, Do-
frees, Delano, Dodge, Driggs, Glossbveiiner, llale,
Abner C. Uarding, Hart, Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
James li. llubbell, James Humphrey, J*nmes M.
Humphrey, Julian, Kerr, Keteiiam, LaUin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Longvcar,
Marvin, Mercair, Newell, Porham, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, John 11. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Sloan, 'l'aber, Taylor,
Thayer, Lpson. Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Woodbridge, and Wright—53.
NAYS—Me.-sis. Alley, Allison, Aneona, James .VI.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Bauks, Baxter, Beigen,
Boutwell, Chaiiler, CotlYoth, L)aw-on, Donnelly, 1-lek-
ley, .Iv'^h'-loii, Kldridge, Eliot,'Karnsworth. Faniu-
har, Feiry, Finek, Garfield, Under, (inaucil, Gns-
wold, Aaron tlaruing, 1 tains, Hayes Hooker, Asahel
W. II ubbard, Chester 1> 1 Inbbai d, John 11. ljill)bald,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kehey, Kelso, Kin kendall, Le
Blend, Loan, .Marshall, McCJurg, McKee, Mcltuer,
Mollis, Monlton, Myers, NiMaek, O'Neiil, Oitli,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander ll. Rice,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Sclienek, Seolield,
Spalding, Stevens, John L.Thomas, Thorn tun, Tum-
ble. Welker, James F. Wilson, and Wimloin—GT.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Ame-*, Andeison, Delos II.
Ashley,Benjamin, Bulwell, IJl.nv, Boyer,Brandegee,
BrooinaU. Bandy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conking,
Cook, Cullom, Cnivei, Da rim;,*, Dawes, 1 )em ing, 11 cm-
soil, Dixon, Dmnont, Goodyeai, Hill, ilogan, lloteh-
kisy, Deinas llubbard, Edwin N. llubbell, Hulbnrd,
lngercoll, -Ione.-, Ua-son. Lynch, Marston. -MM.ji.i-
lough, Melndoe, Miller, Mouihoad, Moirill, Nieli-
olson, Koell, Pame, Patterson, Pomeioy, Rad-
ford, Shauklm, Sbcdlabai gcr, Smith, Starr, Stilweil,
Strouse, Francis Thomas, Tiowbridge, Van Aemam,
Bmt Van lioin, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, War
ner, Llihu B. Washburne, Heniy I). Washburn,
WilliamB. Washburn, Weiuworth. and Winlield—Gil.
So the substitute proposed by Mr. Randall,
of Pennsylvania, was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PIKE and Mr. ELDIUDGK demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ■ and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays Gl, not voting
63 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M, Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, 35outwell, Broirnvell,
Culloin, Davis, Defrces, Dodge, Donnelly JDumont,
Eekley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnswoith, Fnniuliar,
Ferrv, Garheld, Grinnell, Uriswold, Hayes, Hender-
son, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Che-tor D, Hub-
bard, John 11. Hubbard, J nines R. llubbell, Jenekes,
Kellev, Keiso, Ketch?,m, Kuykcndall, McCIure, Me-
Kee, MeRuer, Morrill, Morris. Monlton, Myeis,
O'Neill, Orth, Phelps, Ptan+s, William 11. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander XL Riee, Sciienek, Si-otield,
Spalding, Stevens, John L. Thomas,W elker,Whaloy,
Windom, and Woodbiidgo—
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona. Barker. Beaman, Bergen,
Blaine,Boyer,Buckland, Chan!ei, Reader W. Clarke,
Coffroth, Dawson, Delano, Dviggs, Kldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner
C. Harding, Hariis. Hart, Ihgby, Holmes, James
Humphrey, James M. J lumphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Laliin, Latham, George Ar. Lawrence, William Law-
rence. LeBlond, Loan, Longyeev, Maishatl. Marvin,
Mercur. Newell, Niblack, Perham, Pike. Piiee.Sam-
uel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ito;s\ Rous-
seau, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Sioi'n, 'laber, Thayer,
Thornton, Trimble. Upson, Williams, James K. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—til.
NOT VOTING—Messrs..Ames. Andeison, Delos R.
Ashley, Benjamin, Bidwell. Bingham, Blow, Bran-
degee. Bioom-iU, Bundy, Sidncj Clarke, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cook,Ouivei.Darlini",Dav.es, Dciniiig,Dv.-nison
Dixon, Goodyear, Hill, Hogan, Hotehkiss, Deinas
Hubbard, Edwin N. llubbell. Hulburd, IngcrsoU,
Jones, Julian, K&sson, Lynch, Marston, MeCullough,
Mclndoe, Miller, Moorheud, Nicholson, Noell. Paine,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Radford, John H.Kiee, Shatik-
lin, Shellabarger, Smith, Starr, Stilweil, Strouse, Tay-
or, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aero am, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, "Ward, Warner,
Klihu B. Washburne, Henry D.Washburn, William
B.Washburn, Wentworth, and Winfield—60.
So the bill was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Patterson, who would vote
for the bill, while he would vote against it.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
IlECONSTKUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS, from the joint committee
on reconstruction, submitted a written report;
which was ordered to be printed and laid upon
the tabic.
Mr. STEVENS submitted a motion to print
fifty thousand extra copies; which, under the
law, was referred to tho Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. ROGERS. I will state lhat by consent
of the committee a minority report will be
submitted in a short time.
FORTIFICATION BIhh.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to make a report
from the committee of conference on tho dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the forti-
fication bill. The Senate made an amendment
to that bill as originally reported, inserting an
appropriation of si">0,000 for Eort Pophani, on
the Kennebec river, in the State of Maine, to
which the llouso disagreed. The committee
of conference recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement and agree to the
amendment.
The report was adopted.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAUTA HYritAX*.
The SPEAKER staled the business in order
was the call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back Senate bill
No. ;V21, for the relief of Maria Sypbax with a
recommendation that it do pass.
It proposes to release and confirm to Maria
Syphax. her heirs and assigns, the title to a
piece of land, being part of the Arlington es-
tate, in the county of Alexandria, in the State
of Virginia, upon which she has resided since
about the year IS26, bounded and described
as follows, to wit: beginning at the intersec-
tion of the south lino of said Arlington estate
with the center line of a small run, said point
of intersection being about one fourth of a
mile from the southwest corner of said Arling-
ton estate, running thence westerly along said
south line seven chains and forty links; thence
in a northeasterly direction, on a line making
an angle of thirty-live degrees with the said
south line, twenty-two chains and twenty-eight
links; thence at right angles, in a southeast-
erly direction fifteen chains and sixty-seven
links to the said south line of the Arlington
estate: thence westerly along the said sonta
line of the said Arlington esiatc nineteen chains
and ninety-two links, to the place of begin-
ning, containing seventeen acres and fitty-throc
one hundredths of an acre of land, be the same
more or less.
Mr. THAY'ER. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
for the relief of Maria Syphax. The name of
Syphax, although a strange mid unusual one,
docs not now for the first time appear iu the
history of human affairs. Those o<' us who
recall the long and dreamy houis in which in
our school-boy days, with our big Ainsworth
bv our side, we plodded through the pages of
iJivy and Sallust, will remember it as the name
of thai unfortunate Nusnidiau king who in an
ill-starred hour—seduced by his marriage with
