1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Creeks, 700 Seminoles, 1,000 Reserve Indians, in all
11,700, at ten cents per head for rations—
Will amount to $212,040
Clothing at $>14 each  103,800
Total   1 $-370,740
Hon. I). N. Oooley,
Commissioner of Indian Affair?.
The whole estimates are $1,185,000. Mr.
President, we liave here the urgent recommen-
dation of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
for the appropriation of the sum of $1,000,000
for this purpose; we have the urgent recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Interior,
not precisely specifying any particular amount,
but urging the necessity of our immediate ac-
tion on the subject. The committee in taking
up the subject, without fixing upon the precisc
amount that would or might be necessary, took
into consideration the fact that we are now in
the beginning of a long session, and at the be-
ginning of winter, and determined to recom-
mend the appiopriaticn or the use of $500,000
onty at the present time, hoping that by the
properadniinistvaiioiiof that sum, these Indians
may be saved fioin starvation, and if it should
become nccessary, before the close of this long
sehsion we can make another appropriation.
I ought to say a word in relation to the fund
out of which it is proposed to appropriate this
sum. There is ^1.200,000 appropriated, and
now under'the control of the interior Depart-
ment, fortlic purpose specified in the resolution,
the suppression of the slave trade, and the Sec-
retary of the Interior was of opinion, and after
hearing him the committee were of opinion,
that it would be better lor us to appropriate
$500,000 of that sum for the support of these
destitute Indians, as it might prove less embar-
rassing to the Treasury than a direct appropria-
tion of an additional sum of 8500,000.
Mr. President, 1 have stated, in short, the case.
I have no doubt that it is meritorious and ought
to receive the immediate action of Congress.
The joint resolution \va^ reported 10 the Sen-
ate as amended, ami the amendments were con-
curred in. The joint resolution was oideied to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
MFiMOitTAL Ol' PUKSIDF,NT LINCOLN.
Mr. FOOT. The joint committee appointed
to consider and report by what token of respect
and affection it maybe proper for the Congress
of the l/uikd States to express the deep sen-
sibility of the nation to the event of the decease
of their late President, Abraham Lincoln, re-
port I ho following resolutions ; and as I presume
they will give rise neither to debate nor objec-
tion, I ask for their present con&idoiatiou:
Whereas the inohav holy event of the violent and
trauic death of Abruh-'Ui Ltn-'oln. lute President of
the United Hiate-. laivin^e^cuiroddurin? the recess
of Oon^u.ss, and ihe two shurina in lhe gen-
eral e;rief and de:.nius.r to manifest their ?cneil ilny
upon tiio occasion oi the public bereavement: There-
fore,
Jfc it resohc! hu the SnmU\ (the House of Represent-
atives eonenrrhue,) Thuf" the two of Congress
will assemble in the Hall of the House of ilepi csenta-
tive*. oil Monday, thel-th day ol Vebruury next, that
beam' his unnrv erxu > hi i today, at the limn of twelve
meridian, andtlnit, in thepre-enceof the two Moines
there assembled, an ae.dre^ iu>nn the life1 and char-
acter oi ( Abraham Lincoln, late TieMdent ol' the
United States, be pronmineed by Hon. Kdwin M.
Stantyn; and that the President of the Semite pro
tempore and the Sneaker oi tbe Home of }tci>re.-enta-
tives be requeued to tin Uo the Pi CMdt-nt oi tnc Uni-
ted State®, the heads of the s-ovoial Departments, the
Judse< of the £ui>ieme Court, the rer-iesentative~ of
torei^n Governments near this Government. and^uch
oiiiceiv of the Army and Navy a-= have received the
thanks of Congress who mav then ])e at the seat of
Government, to bo pre,-ent on ihe oteusion.
rAnd be it i mikcr re^'Aoed, That the e^uent of the
United Slater be reijne-i ed tot) niHiuit aeoi>y ot the<e
resolutions to Mrs. Lincoln, and to assure her of the
profound sympathy of the two Houses of Congress fur
her deep personal affliction, anil of their sincere con-
dolence tor the late national bereavement.
The resolutions were considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to van. can.
GENERAL ORAXT's REPORT.
Mr. SIIE11MAN submitted the follov/ing res-
olution , which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolve*!, That ten thousand extra copies of the
report of Lieutenant General Grant be printed for
the u&o of the Senate*
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution : which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Raohcd, That three thousand copies of the 77avy
Reu'ibterof the United States for the year 1863 be
printed for the use of the Senate.
TRANSFERS OE NATIONALITY OF VESSELS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into and report upon the manner
in which American vessels, Iransfeired duiing the re-
bellion to British owner?, are now being refurnished
with American registers, and, if the same be not in
accordance with law, what legislation, if any, is neces-
sary to prevent such transactions.
APPOINTMENT OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on-Pen.*ions be in-
structed to intjuue as to the expediency of providing
by law for the appointment of pension agents by the
President, with the advice and consent of the Senate;
to report by bill or otherwise.
ADDRESSES ON MR. COLLAMEIt'S DBATII.
Mr. FOOT submitted tlic following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
liesohtJ, That there be published, in pamphlet
form, lor the use ot the Senate. six thousand copies of
the addresses made by the members of the Senate
and members of the House of Representatives upon
the occasion of the announcement of tho death'of
lion. Jacob Oollamer.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 33) in relation to the Court of Claims;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, lea\e to introduce a bill (S.
No. 31) in relation to the qualification of jurors
and to writs of error in certain cases; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLLTTLE. This bill is substantially
a substitute l'or a bill which L ottered 011 a for-
mer occasion, with an additional provision.
That bill had reference to the qualifications of
jurors in criminal cases in the courts of the
United States, providing for obtaining jurors
in those cases of great publicity where it is now
| almost impossible under the rulings of the
courts to obtain a jury. The old law of the
jury called men because they knew all about.
i the transaction, but latterly such men have
! been entirelv excluded, and therefore ihe most
; intelligent persons are often excluded from
sitting on a jury. Hut this bill contains an ad-
ditional provision giving a writ of error 10 the
Supreme Court of the United States in the case
of a trial for treason. I desire that this bill
shall be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and J call the attention of my honoi-
! able friend, the chaii-maii of that committee,
j to the bill and to the statement I make, that it
[ is intended rather as a substitute fur ihe bill
: heretofore introduced by 111c and referred to
: that committee.
i The bill was referred to the Committee 011
the Judiciary.
I! Mr. WILSON asked, and bv unanimous con-
lj sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill I S. i-to.
j, 35) to grant one million aires of public lands
for the benefit of public, schools in the District
of Columbia: which was read twice bv its title,
' and referred to the Committee on Public 1 ,actus.
! Mr. BROWN a-died. and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained. lea\e io introduce a bill (S. No.
3(1) (juieiing doubt-' in relation to the validity
1 of certain locations of lands in 'he State of Jlis-
' sonri, made by "virtue of cerr.ficates i,--sued un-
der the act of Congress of f'ebrnary 17. ISto:
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to liie Committee 0:1 Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
37) making a grant vf lands in alternate sec-
tions to aid in the construction and extension
of the Iron Mountain railroad from Pilot Lvnob,
in the State of Missburi, to Helena, in Arkan-
sas; which was read twice by its title, and, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 88) to. authorize the construction
of a bridge across the Mississippi river at the
city of St. Louis, State of Missouri, and at the
city of East St. Louis, State of Illinois; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to. the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Beads.
Mr. MORGAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 39) to amend the acts relating to offi-
cers employed in the examination of imported
merchandise in the district of New York: whieh
w-as read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 40) to adjust the boundary lines between
California, Nevada, Oregon, and Utah; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by urianimous consent
obtained,-leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 41)
explanatory of certain joint resolutions therein
named, giving bounties to persons enlisting in
the regular or volunteer service of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 42) to amend an act to incorporate the
Guardian Society and reform juvenile offenders
in the District of Columbia, approved July 1,
1802; and also to amend an act granting cer-
tain privileges to the Guardian Society, ap-
proved June 30, 1864; which was read twicc by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 43) to prescribe the mode of settling the
i accounts of the clerk of the supreme court of
! the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
| District of Columbia.
I Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
: sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
\ 44) to incorporate the National Protection In-
I surance-Company of the District of Columbia;
! which was read twice by its title, and referred
! to the Committee 011 the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, andbyunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 40) concerning the judicial courts of the
I I'nited States; which was 1 ead twice by its title,
j referred to the Committee 011 the Judiciary, ana
; ordered to be printed.
| REORGANIZATION Or THE REGULAR ARMY,
j Mr. W1LSON submitted the following reso-
i lution :
! Rctoh^-il, That the Committee on ?4Uitary Affairs
and the Militia tie instructed to inquire into the cx-
I I'etKenev of instituting boards of examination, to be
. on:. _-ed of distinguished oftreers of the regular and
volunteer forces with the view of retiiinff saiyoffl-
1 cers of the cavahy, artillery, and infantry regiments
of the losulai Aimy who have not lendored merito-
rious service during the late war. or shall bo found in
anj wry incompetent or inefficient in the discharge
i of their duties, and of fsiiin^ the vacancies so created
by careful sei"cuon from oilieers of the regular Army,
the V ef cran It :sei vecorps, and the volunteer forces,
' - di'tiiiiHistieil tor services in the field or else-
! where duiin^ the war, pilose grade shall be deter-
iv,■nod without rettard to present rank or arm of
service, but with sole regard to qualifications and
lueiitorious scrvieis.
: By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
I Mr. WILSON. I will simply state that this
is merely a resolution of refeience to the Com-
> mittec- on Military AiVaiis. it was understood
| during the war that at its close the Army would
! be reorganized, and that distinguished volun-
1 teer officers would have a fair opportunity to go
I into the regular Array. We have been through
i the greatest school of this century: we have a
| great number of capital officers both in tho
j regular Army and in the volunteers, and it
I seems to mo the nation ought to avail itsglf of
