2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i^pril 21,
Acting on this theory, at the first session of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress a joint resolution
was passed declaring that no State declared to
be in rebellion by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident shall be entitled to appoint electors for
President and Vice President until both Houses
of Congress by concurrent action shall have
recognized a State government in such. State.
This theory of reconstruction is not there-
fore a new one, made by this Congress to keep
the rebellious States from participating in legis-
lation, but has been solemnly decided by the
Supreme Court of the United State as a power
vested exclusively in Congress, and one that no
coordinate branch of this Government has the
right to interfere with.
And, sir, the world will be surprised to know
that both Mr. Seward and the President held
to this doctrine, and so instructed some of the
provisional governors of the so-called recon-
structed States.
In answer to a letter from Governor Marvin,
provisional governor of Florida, Mr. Seward,
on the 12th of September, 1865, thus speaks:
Department op State.
Washington, September 12, 1865.
Sib: Your Excellency's letter of the 29th ultimo,
with the accompanying proclamation, has been re-
ceived and submitted to the President. The steps to
which it refers toward reorganizing the government :
of Florida seem to be in the mam judicious, and good '
results from them may be hoped for. The presump- ,
tion to which the proclamation refers, however, in
favor of insurgents who may wish to vote and who !
may have applied for but not received their pardons, ;
is not exactly approved. All applications for par- j
don will be duly considered and will be disposed of
as soon as may be practicable. It must, however, be 1
distinctly understood that the restoration to which j
your proclamation refers will be subject to the dee is- I
ion of Congress. j
I have the honor to be your Excellency's obedient i
servant, i
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
His Excellency William Maevix, Provisional Gov- I
ernor of the State of Florida, Tallahassee.
VThat did the Secretary mean, when he said
that the restoration to which the Governor's
proclamation referred "will be subject to the
decision of Congress,'' if it was not that to
Congress attached the duty, the power, and the
responsibility of deciding how and when that
restoration was complete, final, and satisfac-
tory V
Again, in a dispatch dated July 24. 1865.
Mr. Seward, by order of the President, sends
the following telegram to Governor Sharkey,
of Mississippi:
Washington, July 24,1855.
W. L.Shaekey, Provisional Governor of Mississippi:
Your telegram of the 21st has been received. The
President  ees no reason to interfere with Genera!
Slocum's proceedings. The government of the State
wiil be provisional only until the civil authorities
shall be restored with the approval of Congress.
Meanwhile military authority cannot be withdrawn,
WILLIAM II. SEW AM).
Has Congress said any more? Could Con-
gress say any more? "Which of the civil au-
thorities of anj of these Slates has been restored
with the approval of Congress? And yet Mr.
Seward undertakes to unite with those who
denounce the action of Congress as revolu-
tionary because Congress assumes to do what
he says cannot be done except with the ap-
proval of Congress. If Congress has not the
constitutional power to inquire into and deter-
mine the fact whether the govei unieats of these
States lately in rebellion have been properly
reorganized, I want to know who has that po wer ?
Has the President? If he has, where does he
find his power? It is clearly not in the Coa-
stitunon, and it is equally as clear that it is not
to be found either in the laws of Cong; ess or
in any military power that he possesses as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy. Has
the Supreme Court the power to determine this
question? It certainly cannot have, since all
of its powers are well defined, and, as I have
before stated, that tribunal has decided that
Congress has the power.
"VVe are driven, then, to one of two conclu-
sions: (hat there is no power anywhere, in any
of (lie coordinate branches of this Government,
to judge of or determine upon the reconstruction
of these States, or that power belongs to and
resides in the Congress of the United States. I
By assuming the first, the States that went \
into rebellion would have the right to build up j
any kind of a government as a State organiza- '
tion, and provided it owed allegiance to the
Constitution of the United States it would be
entitled to be recognized as such and to have
its representation in this House. More than
this, the States that went into rebellion not
only did not need any provisional or military
governments to aid them in building up new
governments after the fall of the confederacy,
but by simply surrendering, after they were
compelled to surrender, and yielding obedience
to the laws of the'United States, after they
were forced to do so, they had the right to
hvstanti to resume their former position in the
Union, and to have all the original rights ex-
ercised by them before they went into rebel-
lion.
I, for one, cannot agree to any such a doc-
trine, but hold to the only safe rule for the
reconstruction of these States, that the power
is in Congress to determine when these States
shall be entitled to exercise all their proper
functions in the Union, and how and on what
terms it shall be done. Ay, sir, and that
until these terms are complied with they shall
remain where they have remained for the
last four years, in the Union to be sure, be-
cause they had not the power to get out of it;
but in the Union, divested of their represen-
tation in Congress until the Union masses of
j this land have so hedged them in by proper
guarantees and safeguards for future protec-
tion as that they can be safely invested with
all the powers of loyal States.
The question then occurs, have the State
governments of any of the rebellious States
been reconstructed in such a manner as to
entitle them to be not only represented in Con-
gress, but to receive all the powers and priv-
ileges of loyal States?
In answering this question we should con-
sider, first, the status of the people of these j
States as to their loyalty to the Government; ;
and second, the nature or kind of State gov- I
ernments they have organized, and which we i
are called upon to recognize. i
I take it that no true, devoted friend of his >
country could wish that any of these States j
should again aid in controlling the destinies of |
this nation until the people of the States have
shown themselves to be loyal to the Govern- >
ment which they are in part to control. Vfhon j
I use the" word loyal in this connection, I do :
not mean that sturdy, bold, and defiant patriot
who, through four years of blood and slaughter,
maintained that no State had the right to rebel,
and who refused to give a voluntary support to
the rebel usurpation ; but I take it in its new
and amended sense, as a man who did go into
rebellion, but who, having taken the amnesty
oath, means in good faith to keep it.
In this latter sense I am constrained to say
that I do not believe that the vast majority of
those who have taken the oath are loyal, be-
cause I do not believe, in the language of our
patriotic President, that j-ou '• trustthem.
That my opinion is not formed from any
prejudice, but that it is a conviction based on
sworn and legal testimony, I beg leave to refer
to the testimony of Hon. John Covode. In one
part of it, in answer to a question put to him
bv the committee, he says:
"I conversed with loyal men from other States—
Mississippi, Alabama, Ac.—vvno were then in New
Oilcan.-. They expi ' --■ <! a deep interest in having a
ore-vet policy inaugurated in Louisiana on account
of the eifeet it would have on their own States. They
said that it Louisiana v. ,t- directed in the i iccht course
at the .-; jrr, from her position and relations to other
Staus, it would to far to produce the bc°t results in
several other State-. I will here state that many truly
loyal men whom I met m New Orleans seemed to lack
confidence in their b'-ing ultimately protected and
supported by the Government; and I was frequently
asked, if I became satisfied or convinced that they
were to be abandoned to the rule of the rebel ele-
ment, to notify them in time to enable them to gct
away, more especially if the troops of the United
States were to be withdrawn. They said that if the
troops were withdrawn tti'jv could not live there. I
know many citizens of Louisiana, who remained
within reach oi the military because they did not
dare to venture to return to their former homes."
In another part of his testimony the follow-
ing significant facts are developed :
"Question. Have you a copy of your report to tho
President?
"Answer. I have not a copy of that report. I have
at home the rough draft from which the report was
made, but not the accompanying papers, as I had no
copies made of them. Notbe'rag aware that 1 -hould
be called before this committco to testify 1 did not
bring that rough draft with me to the city.
"Question. Can you state from recollection the sub-
stance of the conclusions in your report to the Presi-
dent which you state you made to him ?
"Answer. I might be able to state the substance of
the conclusions. Ono of them I recollect distinctly
was to this effect: ' That if the rebel element was
allowed to vote in the South every member who would
be returned to Congress would be hostile to the policy
of the Federal Government, not only as regards pay-
ment of tho national debt, but in reference to the
emancipation of tho negroes; that while they ex-
ploded a willingness to accede to the principles of
the emancipation proclamation, they always coupled
with it a determination to regulate their own affairs in
that respect, stating that they would have an organ-
ized system ofnegio labor which they would control
for themselves. Over and over again, in conversa-
tion in Sew Orleans, I heard them saying that they
could make the condition of affairs better for them-
selves than it was before. They said that Govern-
ment had freed the negroes and should be made to
take care of cripples and those who were not able to
work, while they would regulate and control the labor
of able-bodied men.
"'I would here state that while many in theSouth
would say that Government must pay the rebel debt
as well as Federal debt, the better and more intelli-
gent class of them did notspeak in this way; butthey
told me distinctly that I could not expect that they
would help to pay our debt or pension our soldiers
for whipping them; that they would have power m
the Government some day, with their increased rep-
resentation, and would be able to defeat the payment
of the interest on the debt or in some other way
destroy public credit. I asked them where they ex-
pected to get help for that purpose, and thev would
generally say that there were portions of the^orth
where they had no interest in Government securities
—the We^t, for instance. I found that to be the feel-
ing among the best men who had been in the rebel-
lion that I met at the South. They seemed to take
it for granted that we could not expect them, when
they should again attain power, to help pay our
debts."'
Now, this is the testimony of one of the men
sent by the President to ascertain the amount
and kind of loyalty there is in the South.
Carl Schtirz, also sent by the President to
ascertain the feeling of the South, gives the
following as his estimate of loyalty:
"I may sum up all T have said in a few words. If
nothing were necessary but to restore the machinery
of government in the States lately in rebellion in
point of form, the movements made to that end by
the people of the South might he considered satisfac-
tory. But if it is required that tho southern people
should accommodate themselves to the re.-ults
of tho war in point of spirit, those movements fall far
short of what must be imi-tcd upon.
" The loyalty of the masses and most of the leaders
of the southern people consists in submission to ne-
cessity. There is, except in individual instances an
entire absence of that national spirit which forms the
basis of true loyalty and patriotism."
He also recommends the President to—
"Advise Congress to send ono or more 'investigat-
ing committees'into the southern States to inquire
for themselves into the actual condition of things
before final action is taken upon the re.idmisdon of
such States to their representation in the legi-Iative
branch of the Government and the withdrawal of the
national control from that section of the country."
Generals Terry and Turner and Colonel
Brown—
"Concur in representing the sentiments of the peo-
ple of Virgin la in relation to the Government as unim-
proved, and as rather having become embittered
since Lee's surrender. They say that at that tune
the people were humble, sick of war, longing for peace
on any terms, and ready to accept gratefully the par-
don of the Government, and to submit to any condi-
tions that might be imposed, while now they are
arrogant, exacting, and intolerant. iUo.-t witnes-os
of that class express a decided opinion 1 hat the with-
diawal of the Federal troops and of the Freedmen's
Bureau wonid be followed by an nni elciiting pro-
scription of white Unioni-ts and perscution and
remission to slavery of the colored paopie. The
change of feeling is very generally a-cnb"d by these
wimc-e-es to the President's libera! poihy. In regard
to the Federal debt, the people of Virginia are rep-
re>ented as in favor of its repudiation, or at least of
combining with it the contedei ate debt. The witnesses
who hove been connected \\ ith the confederacy, bow-
ever, denv this and represent the people us willing
to pay their share of the Federal debt by taxation.
On this subject Genoial Lee's opinion is that they
are willing to pay both, aud opposed to a repudiation
of either."
General Swnyne thus testifies before the
committee on reconstruction of the amount
and kind of loyalty in .Alabama. He snys:
" UW the -urrender of Lee a kindly feeling was
generally expressed toward tho Bniteil States, smeo
