8052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
the daughter of Asdrubal, the Carthaginian—
forsook his alliance with Home and joined
himself with that of Carthage, a step which as
we well remember resulted in his defeat and
capture by Masinissa, his delivery to Scipio,
and his being led in chains through the streets
of Home to grace the magnificent triumph
awarded to that successful general.
The modern Syphax, the Syphax of the
present bill, although of African descent like
the royal Syphax of yore, is a much humbler
personage. The points of her career so far
as they stand in relation to her ancient and
historic namesake are points of contrast and
cot points of resemblance. The latter was
bora a king, the former was born a slave.
The latter deserted the solemn oaths which
bound him to the republic which had af-
forded him the protection of an ally, the
former adhered through all the storms and
trials of civil war to the republic which fos-
tered and defended herself and her people.
The fortunes of the latter went from good to
bad and from bad to worse continually, until
they culminated in the ruin of his hopes and
his death in a Koman prison in the obscure
village of Tibur. The fortunes of the former
have improved clay by day, until from slavery
she has become with her people and her chil-
dren, free, independent, and happy, ller eyes
in her old age look out brightly and happily
upon a land from which the last fool-prints of
slavery have vanished and wheio her people
enjoy the protection of equal lights and equal
laws.
Maria Syphax's parents were the servants
of Mrs. Washington. They passed by devise
to her grandson, George Washington Parke
Custis. 1 n 1 R2(>, when Maria Syphax, for whose
benefit this bill was introduced, was married,
Mr. Custis emancipated her and settled her
upon a small tract of land containing about
seventeen acres, which lies upon the .southern
border of the estate of Arlington. J!y his last
will he also emancipated the husband of Maria.
Since the year I SHU Maria Syphax and her hus-
band and their children have lived and labored
and thrived upon that, little spot of land. Their
occupancy of it was always acquiesced in by
Mrs. Tee, the daughter of Mr. Custis, and by
her husband, Robert 15. Lee. Their possession
was never interfered with by them. They scrupu-
lously respected the provision which bad been
made for them by Mr. Custis.
In the year this little plot of land, to-
gether with the remainder of the Arlington
estate, was sold by the Government, of the Uni-
ted States under the act of Congress approved
Juno 7, 1802, entitled "An act for the collec-
tion of direct'.axes in insurrectionary districts,"
and was bought by the United States. The
object of the present bill is to release to Maria
Syphax anil her heirs the land which was given
to her by Mr. Custis, and which she, her hus-
band, and her children have occupied and tilled
for a period of forty years.
I believfe now I have said everything which
is necessary to a full understanding of this case,
and perhaps something that was no!. If any
gentleman wishes to ask any questions 1 am
ready to respond to them ; or if any one wishes
to make any remarks upon the bill 1 will yield
for that purpose.
Mr. F1NCK. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether possession for forty years by this lady
and her family was not an adverse possession
which would give title to it, and if so, whether
there is any necessity for legislation?
Mr. THAYER. Their possession 1 do not
understand to have been adverse in the legal
sense of that phrase. On the contrary, it was
a possession founded on a parol grant from
Mr. Custis—a grant which was always acqui-
esced in by those who succeeded him in the
enjoyment of his estate.
Mr. ITNCli. Would not the possession of
forty years have rightly entitled the party to
the property?
Mr. THAYER. Well, sir, I do not care to
split hairs with the gentleman from Ohio, or
to try this case in the House of ltepresenta-
tives as if it were an ejectment in a court of
law. The case as it stands is simply this : these
parties have no written title to their estate. Of
course it was not customary for masters to give
written titles to those who had been their
slaves. But Maria Syphax has a possession
extending through a period of forty years,
founded upon a parol gift from the master who
manumitted her, and all that the Government
of the United States is asked to do is to release
its title acquired by a tax sale, and to confirm
her in her just possession.
Mr. HALE. * T did not understand from the
gentleman's speech whore the legal title is now
vested •
Mr. THAYER. In the United States under
the tax sale to which I have referred, the Gov-
ernmeutoftho United States having purchased
the Arlington estate at that sale.
Mr. .JOHNSON. A single question. I ask
my colleague whether there is not a day of re-
demption under the tax law, and whether that
day has gone by.
Mr. THAYEIl. There was a period fixed
by the statute during which the parties might
redeem, but the day of redemption has passed.
The day of redemption fertile land has passed,
but the day of redemption for the countrymen
of Syphax, King of Numidia, has come, never
to pass away in the United States. Mr. Speaker,
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAltY KOHHH'BOX.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported adversely on the
petition of Mary Robertson, and others, asking
for indemnity for land taken by the United
States at House's Point; which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
noses siioci'
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of
Moses Shoup, of Green county, Ohio; which
was laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
JOSE DOMINOES/.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 18!), to confirm
a grant, of certain land to .lose Domiugue",, in
California, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was road. It confirms the title of
the petitioner to a grant of land in Santa Bar-
bara county, California, made in 1845.
Mr. THAYER. This is one of those claims
which the United Stales, by the terms of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, are bound to
confirm if the evidence of the claim is clear
and properly substantiated. The committee
have examined it and believe it should bo con-
firmed. 1 will ask the Clerk to read the fol-
lowing letter, not so much for its bearing upon
the case as for its reference, to a very singular
natural curiosity which exists upon this estate.
The Clerk read as follows:
\Vas!i i>11 ro,\, D. C., March 9,1866.
Bum Sir: I beg to enil your espcci.il attention to
Semite bill No. IS.I, and the accompanying- document.
1 was in thcj'ounty of Santa Barbara last Septem-
ber, and visited the rancho m question as matter of
curiosity to see a largo grapo vino growing upon it,
said to be thcsccond largestin thcworld; Imeasurcd
it myself and found it covered a superficial area of
over eight thousand feet. This single vine is about
the, sole, product, of the entire rancho, the lands being
very billy and semi-mountainous in their character.
I found the mother of the petitioner and the entire
family of children, trrand-children, and great grand-
children, most of thorn living: under this celebrated
vine; the sale of grapes from it being about their
only support; la.st year the product of this single
vine being about six tons of srapcs, as they told me.
The old iady died last fait upon the property at the
ago of one hundred and nine years, she and her
husband having lived undisturbed upon this prop-
erty for uuward of sixty years. The vine was planted
by the ohl lady some fifty years ago. I found the
family very poor, and enjoying the respect ot ail par-
ties in the comity. I visited the vine and family in
company with Mr. Sparks, an American, who li.nl
lived in the count}' smec 3831 He veriticd the cor-
rectness of all the statements of the family, and, from
what I so.w myself, and from what was told me by
very respectable citizens of the county, I have no
doubt of the truthfulness of all the statements of
Jose Dominguez in his petition.
In my judgment there cannot bo presented a case
calling more for the eouitable interposition ot the
Government to protect tho grant of the former Gov-
ernment to the family than this; and earnestly as-k
that you will ex amine tho papers and make an oitort
U Veryrc^ecdhlty, LEVI PARSONS.
Hon. Ira II vrris, United States Senator.
Mr. THAYER. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof tho bill was ordered to be read a
third time ; and it, was accordingly read the third
time and passed
Mr. THAYEIl moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSE SIIRAFIN RAMIREZ.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 17o, to confirm
tho title of Jose Seratin Ramirez to certain
lands in New Mexico, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. THAYER. This is acase which resem-
bles the one upon which the House has just
passed. Tho title seems to be perfectly plain
from the Mexican Government. Tho owner
of the estate complied with all the requisitions
of the Mexican law, and the committee believe
it is proper that the title should be confirmed
by the United States. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof tho bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. THAYEIl moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN SANTA BARBARA.
Mr. KEEP, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report on
House bill No. 579, to quiet the title to lands
in the town of Santa Barbara; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
JOHN B. CHAPMAN.
Mr. ICEHR, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on tho petition of John B.
Chapman, asking for relief for a section of
land he has improved, located on Paget sound,
Washington Territory ; which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
K. ITOODWAltt) AND 0. CHOltPENNtNO.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, from tho Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported back House
jointresolulion No. 123, for the relief of Eliza-
beth Woodward and George Chorpenning. of
Pennsylvania.
The joint resolution was read. It appro-
priates S«j'2,o'2"> to each of tho petitioners in
payment for the destruction of properly by the,
Indians.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move tho pre-
vious question on the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to_recon-
sider the vole by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
