4014
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
has modified his resolution, so as to propose
that the House accept the resignation. His col-
league has raised the question that the House
has 110 right to do it.
Mr. HARDING", of Kentucky. The time has
not come for the execution of the reprimand.
The SPEAKER. When the time comes
that will be subject to appeal.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. ALLISON. What is the position of
the original resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is modified, so that
instead of discharging the member from the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, it now pro-
poses that the House accept the resignation.
Upon that the gentleman from Kentucky raises
the point that the House has no power to
accept it.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the resolu-
tion altogether.
Mr. GARFIELD. I insist upon the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing before
the House.
Mr. ROGERS. I renew the resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that the order of the
House be enforced.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I was cut off in the middle
of an argument on this point of order.
The SPEAKER. That.is very true, but the
gentleman from Ohio had a right before the
vote or decision to withdraw his resolution or
to modify it.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask the
privilege of renewing it.
Mr. KLDRIDGE. How did the gentleman
from Ohio get the floor?
The SPEAKER. He had the right to with-
draw it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But not to take a gen-
tleman off the floor?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; he would, per-
haps, have no other opportunity. That is too
clear even for a point of order to be made upon
it. If a member has the right to modify his
proposition the recognizing of another gentle-
man on the floor cannot cut off that right. The
gentleman from Kentucky proposes to renew
the proposition. The gentleman from Iowa
has demanded the execution of the order, and
unless that order is rescinded the Chair will
proceed to execute it.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] to
withdraw the previous question, and then I
will renew the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not the previous
question ; it is the execution of the order of
the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman to allow me to renew the resolution.
Mr. ALLLSON. I cannot yield.
Mr. ROSS. I raise the question of order
that sentence cannot be executed until the
members from Tennessee are admitted and
the oath of office is administered to them.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. No Representatives can be
admitted from the late confederate States
except by joint resolution under the action of
both Houses.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I sub-
mit a question of order. The gentleman from
Iowa insists that the order of the House be
now executed. I inquire whether it would not
be in order for any member of the House to
move that the further proceedings in that con-
nection be dispensed with.
Mr. ROGERS. Is it not in order to move
to lay the proposition on the table?
The SPEAKER. It certainly is not in order.
The Chair is of opinion that a motion to re-
scind must be made by some member before
the execution of the order of the House shall
have been required by any member. There-
fore it is too late, unless with the consent of the
gentleman who demanded the execution of the
order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman from Iowa will allow that to be
offered in good faith, without any disrespect.
Mr. ALLISON. I regret that I cannot yield
for that purpose.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Would it be in order, in-
asmuch as the relation of Mr. Rousseau has
changed since this report, to move to recommit
this whole matter to the committee?
The SPEAKER. It would not. There is
nothing before the House except the execution
of the order. The only method would be to
raise the point of order as to whether the Chair
could execute the order, and upon that the
Chair would rule.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The Chair decides that the
motion to recommit is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Certainly. This resolu-
tion was adopted several daj'S since, and in re-
gard to the execution of the order it has been
subject at anytime, from the hour of the adop-
tion of the resolution, to be called up and its
execution demanded hy any member. The
Chair has waited the action of the committee.
During all that interval any gentleman could
have moved to rescind the resolution, and any
member could have demanded the execution
of the order. But the motion to rescind not
having been made before the gentleman from
Iowa demanded the execution of the order, the
Chair will proceed to execute the order. That
is subject, however, to appeal.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I raise an-
other question of order, and I will state it as
briefly as I can. It will be remembered very
distinctly by the Speaker that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spaljhng] had moved his res-
olution ; that was pending, and on that I had
the floor. While I had the floor, and was
yielding it to some members a few minutes at a
time, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] arose in his seat and said he would with-
draw his motion. Assuming that he had the
right to do so, I immediately stated that I
wanted to renew his first motion, but in the
noise and confusion here I suppose I was not
heard. Now, am I to be cut off from my right
to renew that motion, when I had the floor at
the very moment the gentleman from Ohio
withdrew his last motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
point of order, and in doing so will make a
statement of the facts of the case, which he will
call upon the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Harding] to verify. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] originally moved that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] be
discharged from the custody of the Sergeant-
at-Arms, and relieved from the further opera-
tion of the order of the House. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] took the
floor to speak upon that motion. After a time
the gentleman from Ohio appealed to him to
yield for the purpose of allowing him to mod-
ify his motion. The gentleman from Kentucky
yielded to him, and the gentleman from Ohio
modified his motion so as to make it a i#Dtion
to accept the resignation of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau.] Thereupon the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. GaPvField] arose
to a point of order upon the motion as modi-
fied. That point of order was argued at some
length, and then the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] arose and withdrew his motion as
modified, which he had a right to do. The
Chair then stated that there was no motion be-
fore the Honse. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] then arose and demanded the
execution of the order of the House. The
Chair would ask the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Hardlyo] if that statement is incorrect
in any particular.
Mr. HARDING, .
of Kentucky. A little, I
think.
The SPEAKER. In what respect?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Just in this
respect: the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] modified his motion with my consent;
that is all correct. Then I retained the floor
and debated the question some ten or fifteen
minutes before any point of order was made.
Yielding momentarily to a few gentlemen
around me, I was then interrupted and stopped
by this point of order. Now, when that point
of order had been disposed of I hud a right to
be placed back just where I was before it was
raised. But the Speaker would not decide that
point of order, but was about to submit it to
the House. Pending that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] arose without consulting
me, and said he withdrew his motion. I im-
mediately said I desired to renew his original
motion, still being on the floor, still having
a right to it. Now, can the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] run over my right and
demand the execution of the order of the House
while I am upon the floor?
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Kentucky yield the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio to modify his motion?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Not to with-
draw it.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman yielded
to have the motion modified ?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I did yield
for a modification, and then argued in favor of
it for some ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. Was not the point of
order made on the motion as modified?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. After I had
argued the motion for some minutes.
The SPEAKER. That point of order was
debated, and the question was about to be sub-
mitted to the House when the gentlemen from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] withdrew his proposition,
which took the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Harding] from the floor, there being nothing
before the House for its action. Thereupon
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] ob-
tained the floor and demanded the execution
of the order of the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Was I not
entitled to the floor to renew the original mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] had preference, from the fact
that he had not spoken at all upon this subject,
while the gentlemen from Kentucky [Mr. Hard-
ing] had spoken both upon the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] and upon
the point of order. The Chair therefore rec-
ognized the gentleman from Iowa, as he would
have done any day since the order of the House
was made had he arisen and announced that
it was for that purpose. The Chair did notput
himself forward to execute the order, because
the duty devolved by it upon the Chair was
such that he did not, as the Presiding Officer of
this House, desire to exhibit any special zeal
in the matter.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want
to inquire whether it would be in order for me
to move that the execution of the order of the
House as demanded by the gentleman from
Iowa be postponed for the purpose of allowing
me to then move that further proceedings un-
der that order be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to move a postponement of the execution
of the order. That is the only manner in which
its execution can be arrested when called for
by any jpember. A special order, even though
made such by unanimous consent, can be post-
poned by a majority vote of the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. To show
that I have no disposition to trifle with the
House, I move that the execution of its order
upon the gentleman from Kentucky be post-
poned for fifteen minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend that
motion by striking out "fifteen" and inserting
"ten;" and I will endeavor to assign my rea-
sons for wishing a postponement of only ten
minutes, instead of fifteen.
Mr. Speaker, I have desired to say to this
House that I think we have been engaged this
morning in a very unprofitable discussion, not
touching the merits of the question before us.
I hold, siiv, that no resignation, whether it be
