1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nor by the military nor by anybody but the
law, administered by the judges and jurors in
the courts. It is no answer to say to me that
the courts are corrupt and the juries are tainted 5
the man who makes such an assertioif asserts
the infamy of his Government, the infamy of
his countrymen, and that the great Republic
has failed to answer the ends for which it was
established. The law is the will of the Amer-
ican people, and whenever the Government
cannot or will not try and punish all offenses
against that law, then the American people are
at the "mercy of offenders or tyrants.
It is time we came to this, Mr. President.
It will be the solution of all our difficulties,
and relieve us from all our troubles; but as
long as we endeavor to impress our people with
the idea that the populations of the southern
States are all rebels and traitors, that they are
not to be punished in courts by the law, but in
Congress by a deprivation of their rights as
free peoples, then the further we go the worse
we will tare, for the simple reason that we as-
sume as a fact that which is a falsehood. It is
not true that the southern people are now or
ever were traitors ; and if the Government had
given them the protection to which their alle-
giance entitled them, they never would have
yielded themselves to rebellion.
Let us, then, treat the people according to the
great law of the Union, as free States, equal
members in the Union, and if we punish at all,
let us punish individuals in the courts, where
punishment, alone can be inflicted.
I now propose to apply the principles I have
laid down to a solution of the question which
now agitates the country, and 1 think they will
be found effectual. And at the outset, 1 may
ask in all sincerity, what the difference may be,
in the eyes of the law, between putting down a
great rebellion by armies in war and arresting
a single feion who resists by a constable? Is
not the difference to be found wholly in the
number of persons engaged ? Is not the object
in both cases the same—to vindicate the laws ?
Is not the means the same, to use such force
as to compel submission to the laws? Surely
nobody can doubt this. Let us see, then, what
happens during the process. If the felon re-
sists, the constable may kill him ; so, if the
rebels resist, the soldiers may kill them. When
the felon yields, the constable turns him over
to the law ; and no matter how heinous may
ha\e been liis crime or how desperate his re-
sistance, he has a light to be tried by the law
and punished by the law. The constable be-
ing himself the mere creature of the law as sueh
officer, must yield his prisoner to the law ; as
a man simply, lie has 110 power to touch a hair
of his head.
So it is with the rebel or rebels when they sur-
renderto the President or to his generals ; these
have no power to touch a hair of the head of one
of them ; the law, which is supreme over Presi-
dents, generals, and Congress, becomes (hear-
biter of their fate the moment they yield, and
this for the most potential of all reasons, namely,
that the American people have so willed it.
They have adopted it in their Constitution and
enacted it in their laws, and 110 greater indig-
nity could be offered to them than lor any one,
no matter who, who should dare to substitute
his will and his punishment upon any criminal
for the law""and its punishment; and 110 matter
how atrocious has been the crimes of the pris-
oner he has a right to appeal to the law against
all people; this also is due to the law, because
it was against the law he offended, and to the
law he ought to make atonement.
And now, Mr. President, this disposes of, or
ought to dispose of, all the questions with which
the country is so uselessly convulsed. These
I propose to examine seriatim, and show not
only their legal absurdity but also their mis-
chievous effect in preventing the pacification
of the country.
The first of these whimsies is that the rebel-
lion destroyed the States whose people were
engaged in it by a kind of incorporeal felo de
se, not very clearly explained even by the
authors of the charge. And, indeed, when we
consider that the State is an artificial and not
a natural person, a body-politic or corporation,
existing merely in contemplation of law, not
having a soul to be damned nor a body to be
kicked, itis difficult to see how it could achieve
the extraordinary feat of committing suicide.
It is said, however, this is done by forfeiture,
as a punishment for crimes committed, not by
the State I suppose, for folly has not yet gone
that length, but by its officers and people. Well,
I have no objection to the punishment of indi-
viduals who commit, crimes, but I would ask
where it was or is the law that the State should
die for the sins of the people. I guess, however,
that those who advocate this theory really mean
to say to the people of the rebel States, "You
have been so wicked recently that as a penalty
therefor you shall not have a State at all."
But the people, wicked though they may be,
still have a right to say, "Will you be good
enough to show us where it is written in the
Constitution or laws of the United States that
we shall not have a State as a punishment for
any crime or crimes whatever? If there is any
sueh law we submit of course.''
Nobody has shown any such law.
But perhaps the best answer to the felo de
se hypothesis is in the fact that the States in
question give the lie to it by persisting to be
alive all the time they are avowed t® be dead.
And what is still more conej#isive, not only alive
but vigorous and in very nearly full function,
with territories, boundaries, inhabitants, con-
stitutions, laws, Governors, Legislatures, and
judiciaries, and more than all that, with the
armies of the United States standing by, ready
to defend them from all internal and external
dangers. This is thought quite ample to repel
the imputation of self-murder.
The second sophism is equally fallacious, but
far more cowardly, because being afraid to say
to a living corporate body "You are dead," it
says "You arc in fine robust health to be sure,
but for fear you might overdo yourself we will
take the task of government off your hands and
govern your people ourselves as a conquered
people." So you see it comes back to the old
point precisely, namely, that the people are or
ought to be deprived of their Stales as a pen-
alty for crimes.
Another class of these patriots disavow the
dogmas of dead States and conquered peoples,
l^ut nevertheless sternly insist that having put
down the rebellion at an enormous loss of men
and money, we have now a right to impose terms
upon the States in question before we restore
them again to their old rights. Some of them
call this requiring indemnity for the past and
security for the future, a phrase that has about
as much application to the suppression of
an insurrection as it has to the operation of
the courts of quarter sessions in dealing with
riots. These are both liable as usual to the
same fatal objection which beset the others—
they are without the sanction of either Consti-
tution or law, or rather in direct contravention
of both. WTe have seen that when the rebels
surrendered they surrendered to the law, and
if the law provided no mode by which we can
impose conditions or make terms then we are
at an end of it.
Again, there is another set still more meta-
physical in their notions. They hold that al-
though the rebel States are still States in the
Union, vet, because they were for awhile, on
account of the rebellion, prevented from en-
joying their rights in the Union, they are not
now to be restored to those rights till Congress,
either by law or concurrent resolution, (I do not
know which,) has declared they ought to be so
restored. And to fashion this business properly
for the action of the two Houses is the work
allotted to the somewhat famous committee of
fifteen. That body was instructed to inquire
into the condition of the States which formed
the so-called confederate States, &c., and report
whether they or any of them are entitled to be
represented in either House of Congress. This
is the resolution, but it has been taken to be a
little wider than its terms, and the committee
has gone on to inquire into the condition of the
people, as well as into that of the States. So
far as it is possible to know, it would seem that
this inquiry is not as to the physical condition
of the people, their religious or moral con-
dition, nor their^ intellectual condition, but
their loyal condition; and when that word is
uttered there is a dead stop; nobody attempts
to define it or tell what they mean by it, only-
it is generally understood to be a clincher and
unanswerable.
Suppose we look at this word which serves
so many uses to-day. What is a loyal man ?
What must he do, say, think, or feel, to entitle
him to this appellation ? Usually he has been
held to be one who submitted himself to the
laws. _ He was thus contradistinguished from a
rebellious man who resisted the laws. If this
then is the meaning put upon it by the com-
mittee, their task may be performed soon and
with some certainty, because the executive of-
ficers could soon report whether in any part of
the country there was resistance to the laws on
the part of the people.
If, however, we depart from this, and inquire
further into the condition of the people, it is
hard to see where the end is. If it is to depend
on some mental or emotional condition of the
person examined, who is to judge? How com-
pletely must the secession opinion have been
flogged out of him by the war ? Will it do to say
he gives it up, or must he go further and say he
is convinced the other way? What must he
think of slavery? That.it was acurse to the mas-
ter, or a curse tothe slave, or to both ? What
ought to be his views on suffrage ? Ought he to
insist 011 universal suffrage, universal adult suf-
frage, or universal manhood suffrage 1 Will he
be required to believe in universal negro suf-
frage, or may he circumscribe and limit it by
a literary fence so high that a large number of
negroes cannot jump it?
Then again it is thought important to know
what party these fellows would prefer, whether
for or against the late veto.
I confess I should like to know how much of
all these several ingredients must enter into
the composition uf a loyal man, and then how
many this laborious committee must sample in
order that they may accurately determine for
us the character of the whole lot.
Mr. President, 1 cannot conceive of anything
so utterly absurd and ridiculous as this pre-
tense of inquiring into the loyalty of the people
anywhere, in a time of peace, when nobody pre-
tends there is flagrant war. Does any sane man
believe any good will ever come out of it?
But it may be said that the committee only
inquire as to the condition of States, not people.
If so, 1 would ask to what characteristic ele-
ment of States they have turned their attention?
Is it to their constitutions as the limitation of
their powers put upon them by the people? Or
do they look at the mode and manner by which
they provide for the organization of the State ?
Or will they go behind even their constitutions
themselves, and inquire whether there was fraud,
duress, or undue influence used upon the people
to such an extent as to vitiate these instruments
and nullify them?
If they look at the limitations only, can they
say these are too few or too many; that the
sovereignty is too much restrained or too much
abandoned? And how long does this require
for eleven constitutions ? Have the committee
read them? Have they got them? And how?
By private enterprise, or by the usual refer-
ence? And suppose the examination made:
what is the standard of the committee to try
them? And if they thought them or any of
them not made as they would have made them,
what arc they going to do about it?
They have not told us.
If it is the mode of organization they look
into, what is their guide? Do they inquire
into the primary distribution of political power
or the right of suffrage ? And if they concluded
this was improper, would the State be free if
they could impose terms and compel a modifi-
cation? Would a form of government im-
posed upon a State by compulsion be a repub-
lican form, the Federalist to the contnixy not-
