1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2095
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, as this is the
only occasion probably upon which I will have
an opportunity to speak outside of the regular
business of the House, I avail myself of it for
that purpose. I regret that the rule has not
been suspended so that I might be allowed to
speak in the House and not have to come in
Committee of the Whole to say what I think I
ought to be entitled to say in the House." But
as this is a day for general discussion, I suppose
my lips may be opened and I can say pretty
much what I please. Therefore, I propose to
discuss the same question that is discussed
hefe usually on Saturdays, namely, the condi-
tion of the States and the condition of the coun-
try, the position of the President and the posi-
tion of Congress at this time.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, as 1 have always held,
that this war through which we have just passed
was prosecuted for the purpose of restoring the
Union ; that the action of all the eleven States
which passed ordinances of secession, and
which claimed to be out of the Union, was
null and void ; and that the entire action of
Congress, all the speeches made by Union
men, and by almost everybody else except
those who were rebels and who believed in the
right of secession, for there were some such on
this floor, and I understand there are some such
now, were made distinctly and femphatically
maintaining the ground that those eleven States
were not out and could not get out of the Union.
They attempted to set up a government for
themselves, making slavery the corner-stone
of that government. It was an old and favor-
ite plan of many people in the South. It was
discussed fully, elaborately, and at length, in
this Hall and at the other end of the Capitol,
for a quarter of a century, and the termination
of that discussion brought on the war. livery
loyal man in the country, North and South,
and especially the loyal representatives of the
people, denied the right of those States t,o
secede, or to go out of the Union, or to do
anything by which the Constitution should be
subverted or the Government overthrown. And
when it was my good fortune to enter the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, a large majority of
the representatives of the people sustained that
idea. It was my pleasure to act with them,
and to vote for men and money to suppress
the rebellion' and to keep these States in the
Union, so as to have one great and glorious
Republic. That was the policy pursued by the
late President, Mr. Lincoln ; that is the policy
pursued by the present incumbent of the presi-
dential chair, Mr. Johnson. That was in every
resolution and in every speech made, even by
the extremest men, upon this floor. That was
the doctrine to which the Union party adhered.
Now, sir, after we have pursued that line of
policy and carried the war to a successful ter-
mination, and restored the Union by the sup-
pression of the rebellion, the remarkable, the
wonderful doctrine is propounded on this floor
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress that these States
are out of the Union and should be kept out
of the Union iint.il members upon this floor see
proper to let them come in.
Now, there is a plain provision of the Con-
stitution which no man can ignore, which no
man can deny, and which is the substratum upon
which our Government rests, and that is that
there cannot possibly be a republican form of
government unless representation accompanies
taxation.
The very moment this war was closed, the
very momentthe rebellious armies surrendered,
the Government inaugurated a system of tax-
ation throughout the entire South, appointing
assessors and collectors in every district, who
brought into the Treasury of the United States
nearly thirty million dollars. And yet it is a
conceded fact that throughout the entire South,
during the war, the people were slain, their
towns, cities, and houses were burned, their
property was destroyed, and they were left
almost entirely destitute. If this be true, and
if this Congress intends to insist upon that
policy, I ask, in the name of common sense,
how long it can last. It does not follow because
you admit the constitutional principle to which
I have referred that rebels must represent these
people in the Congress of the United States.
It does not follow that rebels shall hold office.
It does not follow that men who have attempted
to overthrow the Government shall come here
and hold seats in this House and at the other end
of the Capitol. We have the detennination of
that question ; we are to decide upon the quali-
fications of those who come hero and claim seats;
and I presume there is no man who has loved
his country and stood by it and defended it in
its hour of peril that would admit any man to
a seat to represent any portion of this country,
whose hands are not clean, and cannot do, as
we have all done, take an oath to support the
Constitution and laws of the country, and
swear that he has never uplifted his arm against
the Government of his country. That is not
asked; it never has been asked by any one who
has been loyal heretofore to this Government;
it never has been asked by the President of the
United States. And I submit the question now,
not only to Congress, but to the country, what
are you to do? What will you do? What can
you do contrary to what has been done already ?
A policy was inaugurated by the late President
Lincoln, which has been carried out by Presi-
dent Johnson, under which these States have
formed their organizations, and under which
they are here to-day. Will you change that
policy ; and if so, how will you change it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky if it makes any difference
whether we allow a man who was engaged in the
rebellion to come in here and represent, a dis-
trict, or some other man, who, although he was
not engaged in the rebellion, would vote ex-
actly as the rebel would? Does it make the
representation any betterbecause the represent-
ative did not happen to be engaged in the rebel-
lion, provided his views are the same and his
votes here would alwavs be the same ?
Mr. SMITH. Well", Mr. Speaker, I do not
see how that difficulty can be avoided in the
future of our country.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will suggest a way.
Mr. SMITH. I prefer first to suggest my
own Nvay. The gentleman from Massachusetts
can suggest his afterward.
Now, during the whole war, there were men
here representing States which were not in re-
bellion, but which had a rebellious element in
them, which contained rebellious districts, a
portion of the people of the State absolutely
believing iu the doctiineof secession. Gentle-
men representing such States hold seats upon
this floor now. How are we to avoid that? Is
there anything in the Constitution, is there
anything in any law by which we can prevent
people from sending representatives from any
of the States which have not been absolutely
in rebellion by the passage of an ordinance of
secession by a State convention or by the Legis-
lature? It cannot be avoided.
Now, I say very distinctly that, while the
State of Pennsylvania may to-day send to this
House a majority of good Representatives, men
who will vote fairly and correctly and honestly
and conscientiously, it does not necessarily fol-
low that she will continue to send here, through
all time, only men who will vote in accordance
with the ideas of my distinguished friend who
has suggested this question. It is not to be
assumed that the district which I now have the
honor to represent, and which I represented in
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, will necessarily
return a man of my political sentiments at the
next election. It is not to be assumed neces-
sarily that the district which has sent here my
honorable colleague, [Mr. McKee,] who is as
radical as it is possible for a man to be, and
whom I love and admire because of his devo-
tion to the Union, will elect at the next elec-
tion a mau with the same, zealous principles.
Because a particular district in Illinois sends
now as its Representative a gentleman seven
feet high, and with the strong political procliv-
ities of my friend over the way. [Mr. West-
worth,] it does not follow that that district
will at the next election choose just such a
man, and one reflecting the same opinions that
he does. What legislation can regulate this
matter? Who can fix a rule by which it is to
be done?
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman will
give way for a moment, I would like to say a
word just here.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman thinks that
he can suggest a plan, I am always willing to
learn ; and therefore I yield.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he does not see any difference
between canvassing the political opinions which
may_ be held upon questions concerning the
administration of the Government by men
elected as representatives from loyal States,
and declining to recognize as entitled to rep-
resentation people who at present are not rep-
resented, and who cannot be until there is somo
affirmative action on the part of the Govern-
ment, without an inquiry as to their opinions
concerning the right of the Government to
exist. If we find, as wc have found by the tes-
timony of Mr. Stephens and others, that in
some of these States which the gentleman de-
sires should be represented immediately and
without inquiry, nine tenths or nineteen twen-
tieths of the people deny the right of this Gov-
ernment to exist, are they to come in here by
their representatives and attempt to use their
political power for the overthrow of the Gov-
ernment? Is not that a different question from
the question how the Government shall be ad-
ministered, all of us agreeing that it has a*
right to exist?
Mr. SMITH. As the question is presented
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, I admit
the difference in the two propositions which he
presents. But, sir, allow me to say that I do
not confine the question alone to loyal States,
to Pennsylvania, Illinois, Massachusetts, or
Kentucky. I submit this question in the case
of a State where that condition of things does
not exist, according to all the information we
have, which is not locked up and hidden from
the House and from the country—a State where
there are loyal men, who have from the begin-
ning to the end of the late struggle evinced
their devotion to the Union, and who have
further manifested their loyalty to Congress by
returning to Congress as representatives men
who are as loyal as any who now exercise the
privilege of this floor—in such a case as this
how is it to be reconciled to the consciences of
members of this House and the people of the
country, that such a community should be
denied the right of representation?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Does the gentleman
mean to confine the elective franchise in Mis-
sissippi, for example, to the loyal white men,
excluding the disloyal white men? -
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. -BOUTWELL. Then I ask the gentle-
man how a government is to be set up and
maintained in such a State as Mississippi, it
being matter of public notoriety, as well_ as
the showing of sworn testimony, that nine
tenths of the white people are disloyal? Does
the gentleman expect that one tenth of the
white people of Mississippi will be permitted
by nine tenths to set up and continue a govern-
ment against the judgment of the nine tenths,
unless you support that government by the
power of the Federal authority?
Mr. SMITH. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am glad
that this question has been asked. According
to the precedents established here by speeches
and by resolution in the Thirty-Seventh and
the Thirty-Eighth Congresses by the strongest
men upon this floor, the doctrine was fully
enunciated and maintained by a majority of
the Union men, among them the homorable
j Speaker of this House, that the loyal people of
i each Slate, regardless of numbers, were to be
i recoguizeJ and considered as the State, and en-
titled to the rights and privileges of this State,
j including the, right of representation in Con-
i TC'fS.
! Mr. BOUTWELL. I did not ask the gentle-
: man what the Speaker of this House, or any
