mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July -21,
No uiau ever doubted or denied its existence as to
our colonial Assemblies in general, whatever may
have been tliousjb t as to particular exorcises of it.
Nor is the power to be viewed in an unfavorable
light. It is a privilege not of the members of either
House, but., like all other privileges of Congress,
mainly intended as a privilege of tlie people and for ]
their benefit."
He adds:
"A power in the supreme courts of justice to sup-
press such contempts, &e„ results from the first prin-
ciples of judicial establishments, and must1 be an in-
separable attendant upon every superior tribunal."
And. the same reasoning has been applied
with equal force by another learned commenta-
tor to legislative bodies. 1' It would," he says,
"be inconsistent with the nature of such a body
to deny it the power of protecting itself from
injury or insult. If its deliberations are not
perfectly free its constituents are eventually
injured. The legislative body is the proper
and exclusive forum to decide when the con-
tempt existed and when there was a breach of
its privileges; and that the power to punish
followed as a necessary incident of the power
to take cognizance of the oft'ense."
I have alluded thus fully to the nature and
source of this jurisdiction and power of Con-
gress to punish for breaches of its privileges j
as a preparatory statement to the proposition
I now state, to wit, that the right of this
House to inflict upon any delinquent any pun-
ishment whatever does not at all depend upon
nor grow out of his being a member or an
officer of this House; nor out of his being
therefore or thereby made amenable to its
jurisdiction ; but the jurisdiction in every case
of punishment, whether by reprimand or other-
wise, comes from this incidental power of the
House to punish every man, whether member,
officer, or citizen, who has violated its privi-
leges. When the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Rousseau] called the member from
Iowa [Mr. Grixstll] to account for words
spoken in debate, this act made him amena-
ble to the jurisdiction and punishment of this
House ; and it was not at all the fact that he
■was a member of Congress that so subjected
him to our jurisdiction and reprimand. Being
a member, doubtless, is a circumstance to be
considered in affixing the punishment; but. it
has nothing whatever to do with our right ori-
ginally to pronounce the order of censure which
the House has pronounced, nor with our right
now to execute it.
That order and its execution are both alike
directed against a man, a delinquent, one who
lias called a member to account for words spoken
in debate, and is not directed against anybody
because lie is a member of Congress. What
gives the jurisdiction is that the delinquent has
come near enough to this body to violate its
privileges. He who does that, wherever he
may be and whatever may be the act of viola-
tion, is near enough to this House to be sub-
ject to its arrest and punishment, and this,
too, whether he be officer, member, or citi-
zen ; and the punishment which he is subject
to, whether member or citizen, is that one
which the House may affix in its discretion.
MrT Speaker, the reprimand is not a punish-
ment confined either by its nature or by the
practice of this House to those who are mem-
bers. Anybody who is a delinquent, subject
to the punishment of the IlousSf, maybe repri-
manded. So you have it laid down in the
Manual of the Rules of this House, page 155.
This House has again and again reprimanded
men who were not members. This was done
in the Fifteenth Congress in the case of one
not a member of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. It was also done in the ease
of Sam. Houston when lie was not a member
of the House.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My friend from
Massachusetts says it was done in the case of
Houston. I had it in my mind that Houston
was a member when lie was reprimanded, but
I assume that the gentleman is right. There
is, therefore, not a shadow of a doubt of the
power of this House to reprimand any one,
whether member or not, who has violated its
privileges. But it is said the proceedings have
been hitherto against him as a member, and
that now that he is not by reason of his resig-
nation a member (as is alleged) it is insisted
that the power to execute the order is gone.
That is, one whom you may punish as a delin-
quent for violating the rights of this House,
without regard to the question whether he is a
member or not, and whom you have convicted
of the offense which gives the jurisdiction to
this body, may escape punishment because
you described him as a member (a thing you
need not to have done at all, and which is mere
descriptio personce) by throwing off the office
by which you have described him. It would
be just as reasonable to say that he could escape
punishment by removing from Kentucky to
Ohio so as render the description of him in the
resolution as from Kentucky a false one after
he had removed from Kentucky.
I have said what I have, Mr. Speaker, not
for the purpose of securing any punishment of
the gentleman from Kentucky. I have never
cast a vote so reluctantly since I have been in
Congress as that to punish this gallant soldier.
I have only spoken in order to assist in coming
to what I deem a right conclusion upon ati im-
portant question of law as to the privileges of
this House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] moved to postpone the execution of the
order for fifteen minutes. That motion was
made more than fifteen minutes ago.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The fif-
teen minutes date from the moment that the
House orders the execution of the order to be
postponed.
The SPEAKER. That is the parliamentary
rule. The Chair will state, however, to mem-
bers of the House that under the rule the ques-
tion of postponement admits of but a very
limited range of debate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
tried to strictly follow the directions of the
Speaker.
Mr. ALLISON. I shall ask that the rale
of the House just referred to by the Speaker
shall be enforced.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Del-
ano.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
from the Journal of the House the resolution
which was adopted by the House, and which
was called for a few moments since.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved, That Hon. Lovell H. BotrssEAtr, amem-
ber of thisHouse from theStateof Kentucky, besum-
moned to the bar of this House, and be there publicly
reprimanded by the Speaker for the violation of its
rights and privileges of which he was guilty in the
personal assault committed by him upon the person
of Hon. J. B.Gri.vnell, a. member of this House from
the State of Iowa, for words spoken in debate."
Mr. SCHENCK. Allow me a moment for
an explanation. I perceive that I was mis-
taken in regard to the description of the per-
son contained ill the resolution which was at
last adopted by the House. I was not present
when the resolution was adopted, but supposed
it was the resolution reported by the minority
of the committee. I wish to say, however, that
it makes no difference in the point I made.
Mr. DELANO. I now ask that the Clerk
read a resolution which I have sent to his desk.
Mr. ALLISON. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delaxo,] who
can have the resolution read as a part of his
argument.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas Hon. Lovell H. Rousseau has forwarded
to the Governor of Kentucky his resignation as a Rep-
resentative for the fifth district of the State of Ken-
tucky, a copy of which has been read: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the said Lovell H. Rousseau
be discharged from the custody of this House, and all
further proceedings in the ease be suspended.
Mr. DELANO. Whether the House has
now or not legally the right to inflict the pun-
ishment that has been ordered upon the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] i do
not propose to consider. I know that accord-
ing to the parliamentary precedents that have
been referred to by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] a member cannot resign
while the legislative body of which he is a
member is in session without the consent of the
body. But I am not quite clear that those pre-
cedents are applicable to us.
I remember that a few years ago, on a certain
occasion which must be fresh in the recollec-
tion of my honorable colleague from the Day-
ton district, [Mr. Schenck,] a number of the
members of the Ohio Legislature resigned and
broke up the quorum for the purpose of pre-
venting a very unjust system of districting the
State for representation in Congress. I know
that the result of that was to cause the inser-
tion of a provision in the present constitution
of Ohio requiring all members of the Legis-
lature, when the Legislature is in session, to
resign to the presiding officers of their respect-
ive bodies, and requiring that such resignations
shall be accepted before taking effect.
Now, sir, I will not undertake to say posi-
tively what is the law of Congress on this sub-
ject; but I think that it is a question of great
doubt whether a member of Congress may not
resign to the Governor of his State and cease
to be a member of this body without any action
of the body upon the question. My impres-
sion is that a member has this right. If so,
sir, this resolution, in the form in which we
now have it, would, in my opinion, be improper
to be passed, because it avers that Lovell H.
Rousseau is a member of this House, and we
are hound to punish him as such. If he has re-
signed the resolution would be false in its terms.
But, sir, passing by this question, I beg to
call the attention of the House to a question
of policy and propriety. The House has now
before it the noteworthy fact that Lovell H.
Rousseau has resigned and ceases to be a
member of this body. He stands before the
House condemned for a breach of its privi-
leges. I am no apologist for anybody who vio-
lates the privileges of this House. But there
exist in many cases certain extenuating cir-
cumstances which no just man can fail to con-
sider. Now, sir, I do not desire to reflect
upon the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Gkin-
nell;] but I do say that the circumstances
which caused the assault made by the gentle-
man from Kentucky 
Mr. PRICE. I rise to a question of order.
My point is that .the question now under dis-
cussion before the House is the question of
postponement, and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] is not arguing that at all, but
is seeking to reflect upon my colleague [Mr.
Grimell] who is not present.
Mr. DELANO. Very far from it, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remark
that under his ruling this morning, which is
now to be regarded as the ruling of the House,
since it has not been appealed from, no gen-
tleman has the right to reopen the question
which was decided by a vote of the House.
- Mr. DELANO. I do not propose, sir, to
reopen it. I am seeking now to show that the
execution of this order ought to be postponed
witb a view to the passage of the resolution
which at ray request has been read, and with
the view of declaring to the world our belief
that under the circumstances we have gone far
enough in punishing this man; that a soldier,
an officer, a gentleman, who has done so much
for his country, having received the condem-
nation of this House for an assault made upon
a member, improperly, I admit, but under cir-
cumstances of provocation known to the House,
ought not to receive any further punishment.
Sir, we are all of us but men, and in dealing
with men we are bound to look at the motives
which actuate men; and I submit whether,
when we take into consideration the history
of this man as an officer of our Army, the cir-
cumstances in extenuation of his offense, and
the manner in which it was done; whether in
view of all this the punishment which has al-
ready been inflicted is not amply sufficient to
satisfy the House, the coHntry, and the world:
whether this body will not stand better before
