1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3057
-of every one of these treaties are precisely
alike. But your Secretary allows the work on
that road to go on. The completion of the
Cheyenne road at an early day is of the great-
est importance, not only to Dakota Territory,
but also" to Montana, Idaho, and Minnesota.
There has been something in the course
which the Secretary of the Interior has pur-
sued in relation to all of our affairs in Dakota
that is beyond my apprehension, and which I
cannot account for upon the hypothesis that
he is the straightforward, upright, model of
Christian civilization which he claims to be.
He sends these treaties into the Senate for
confirmation, as a fact accomplished, and lie
sends them in there after having been told by
unmistakable authority that they are not a fact
accomplished, that the right of way has not
been acquired. These treaties, it is true, grant
the right of way upon their face. After they
are made and submitted to him, ho orders a
suspension of work on a wagon road which is
provided for by law. Had he any information
to justify a suspension of work on this road
when he issued his order to that effect? If he
had, why were the treaties sent in for ratifica-
tion? For they were not sent in until after the
order for the suspension of the work on the
road was issued. When asked again why this
work is suspended, he replies "that it is only
temporary," and until the commissioners can
go up and satisfy the Indians. But, sir. if the
right of way is really acquired by the Govern-
ment, where, I ask, is the necessity of doing
more?
Again, if the suspension of work on this road
is only temporary, why has this public officer,
in utter violation of a plain act of Congress,
stopped this work and required the superin-
tendent of the Cheyenne road to turn over all
the money and effects which Congress appro-
priated expressly for the construction of this
particular road, and no other, into the hands
of the superintendent of the Niobrara road?
I hope; sir, that the money asked for by the
Indian Commissioner for the making of trea-
ties will not be supplied, and that there will
not be another dollar appropriated from the
Treasury for any purpose connected with the
Indian service except what may be absolutely
necessary to fulfill valid treaty obligations now
made, until some satisfactory plan is adopted
which looks to the settlement of all of our In-
dian difficulties, and to their removal and per-
manent location away from the great national
lines of travel and the mining district of the
country. At the making of these treaties the
few irresponsible Indians already mentioned
met this mixed commission, made up as it was
of warriors, sages, and saints, and welcomed
them with their usual "How," and after a
tedious palavering pow-wow they promised just,
as much, and only just as much, as was neces-
sary to enable them to get possession of the
presents and provisions taken up by the com-
mission, for which you appropriated a large
sum of money two years ago. They touched
the pen and strutted up and down the banks
of the Missouri with a feeling of conscious-
ness that they had been as successful in ob-
taining an advantage over the Government
in a peaceful negotiation with its commission-
ers as they had been in the three years' war
just ended. Certainly no one will be foolish
enough to suppose that a treaty made by a few
indolent, irresponsible members of these large
warlike tribes — and without the participancy
and consent of the majority—who could know
nothing of the character of the stipulations
made to bind their whole people, would be
likely to result in anything permanent or peace-
ful. In no ease have the thousands of hostile
savages who have thus been the subjects of
formal bribery, to pacify and conciliate them,
maintained friendly relations with the Govern-
ment for a respectable period of time. The
whole affair is preposterously chimerical—a
delusion, a cheat, and a fraud—and no disin-
terested person will have the audacity to advo-
cate its respectability: and the sooner Con-
39TII CONO. JST X". 102.
gress understands it the better it will be for
the people of our western Territories and the
Treasury of the nation.
What the Northwest wants, and what it lias
a right to expect of the Government, is such
a treaty with our Indian tribes as will insure
a permanent and lasting peace. We want a
state of things brought about which w^ll give
us security—protection to our property, our
firesides, and our lives; so that when we lie
down at night, to rest from the labors of the
day, there will be no danger to be feared that
our stock will bo stolen, our buildings fired,
and our wives and children outraged and butch-
ered before morning; that when we are trav-
eling across the broad plains or up and down
the rivers we need not fear the ambush and all
the terrors of the rifle-shot, the tomahawk, and
the scalping-knife of the savage. Sir, we have
a right not only to expect this protection, but
to demand it. The interest of the whole
country demands that means be devised for
the making and enforcing of such treaties as
will effectually give that peace and security to
the pioneer citizens of the Territories required
for their permanent settlement and civiliza-
tion. That the right of way through the great
West, the working of its rich mines, the culti-
vation of its fertile acres, and the speedy de-
velopment of the resources of that chosen
region, should be held in check and under the
control of its nomadic savages, is a reprpach
upon the Government for which there is no
apology. How long would such a condition
of things bo tolerated in the most sparsely pop-
ulated district of any State in the Union ?
In my opinion—gentlemen may take it for
what it is worth—the most practicable plan
for permanent results in settling the Indian
question is the collection, removal, and con-
solidation of the remnants of the Indian tribes,
which I am confident do not now number
more than two hundred and fifty thousand in
the whole country. I would locate those north
of the Arkansas river and east of the summit
of the Rocky mountains in the Northwest, and
those south of the Arkansas and east of the
mountains in the extreme Southwest. There
is no difficulty in finding a district of country
which is peculiarly suited to their wants, and
which is remote from the country now de-
manded by enterprising young men of our
northern States.
After a careful survey of this whole matter—
having given it much study—I introduced into
this House on the 0th of January last a reso-
lution which looks to this end, and which I now
desire to read:
Whereas the time has arrived when tho interests of
the country, and the protection of the lives and prop-
erty of many of our people, demand the removal of
the various Indian tribes from the rich mineral lands
of our northwestern Teiritoiies, and their permanent
location in a section of country where they can re-
main unmolested, and subsist upon the game of the
prairies; and whereas it is of the greatest impor-
tance to both our white population and the Indians
that such location for their future abode be as remote
as possiblefrom the mining districts and great public
thoroughfares of the Northwest, and at thesame time
in a section of country that is adapted to agriculture,
and affords the greatest natural resources for the sup-
port of an Indian population, and where ample pro-
tection to the Indians and white population of our
frontiers can be afforded by the Government:
Resolved, That the Committceon Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by treaty for tho early removal ot all the Sioux tribes
(except the Yanktons) together with the Gros Ventres,
Mandans, Aricarees, Assiniboines, and Crows from the
mineral lands of the northwestern Territories, and
for their location upon that partof Dakota and Mon-
tana Territories lymgwithin the following described
boundaries, namely: beginning on theline which sep-
arates the United States from the British possessions
on the ninety-eighth degree of west longitude, thenco
south to the forty-fifth parallel of north latitude,
thence east to the Medicine Knob river, thence down
said river to the Missouri river, thence up the left
bank of the Missouri river to Plum Island, thence
west to the western boundary line of Dakota Terri-
tory to the point wbero it is intorsected by the south
line of Montana Territory, thenee west along the
south line of Montana Territory to Powder river,
thence down Powder river to the Yellowstone river,
thence down the Yellowstone river to the Missouri
river, thence upthcleft bank of tho Missouri river to
tho one hundred and sixth degree ot west longitude,
thenee north to the line of the British possessions,
thence east to the place of beginning; and for tho
purpose of making said treaty the sum of $150,000 be
appropriated; and until such a treaty is made and
ratified, and the said Indians shall be removed and
located upon the above-described territory, no more
moneys shall bo paid to them or expended for their
benefit by the United States, other than to redeem
the pledges (if any were made) by the commissioners
sent to treat with said Indians in 1865.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Towa. T would like to
ask the gentleman from Dakota [Mr. Burleigh]
one question. He has referred to the treaties
which he says were made by the commissioners
last fall; and he has also adverted to tho Gov-
ernment agents who have been sent there for
the purpose of disbursing the funds which are
to be expended under these treaties. I will
now ask the gentleman whether a friend of his,
appointed upon his own recommendation, has
not been appointed an agent to disburse the
funds under these treaties, and is not now there
acting as the agent of those Indians with whotti
these treaties were made?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will ask the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Hubbard] to whom he
alludes.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I refer to Mr.
Hansom.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Mr. Hansom was ap-
pointed by President Lincoln to take the place
of Major Latta, who was appointed some four
years ago, but his commission was withheld for
some unaccountable cause, by some influence
hero which I knew nothing about. I solicited
the President to issue that commission and
let him go out there, as it had been intended by
the President he should go when he appointed
him. And he is there. I believe, but not to
disburse any funds, there being 110 money paid
to the Indians under his charge.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Is he not there
as the agent of the Two Kettle band, the
Black Feet band, tho Yanktonai band, and
the Brule band of the Sioux Indians, with
whom the commissioners made treaties, and
which treaties the gentleman has denounced
here on this occasion ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. He was not appointed
by Mr. Lincoln to go up there on account of
these treaties, or anything of the kind. His
commission was made out before these treaties
were ever made.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. But he is still
there as tho agent of these Indians.
Mr. BURLEIGH. He is there.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. He is a man
appointed on the recommendation of the gen-
tleman from Dakota.
ilr. BURLEIGH. The recommendation
was made by me and the commission was
issued more than a year ago, but it was with-
held, as I said before, for some reason that
never was made known to mo.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. That makes no
difference. The gentleman lias referred to
the agent of the Government who has been
sent there for the purpose of taking care of
these Indians, and has indirectly denounced
that gentleman. 1 have shown here, from the
gentleman's own admissions, that that agent is
a man of his own selection and recommenda-
tion.
Mr. BURLEIGH. In reply to that I will
say I have made no such allusion a t all. I have
not alluded to Mr. Hansom, or to the agent
who has been sent up there to take charge of
these Indians, bat to the men who were sent
up there to make these bogus treaties.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Then I would
like to ask the gentleman another question.
He says he referred to tho commissioners on
the part of tho Government to make these
treaties. I would ask the gentleman who com-
posed that commission. \Vus not General
Sibley, of Minnesota, one of those commis-
sioners ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. He was.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. And Major
General Curtis, of Iowa, was another.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Towa. And Governor
Edmunds, of his own Territory, was another.
