1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States into atoms, and built on their founda-
tions fabrics of a totally different character.
Dead men cannot raise themselves. Dead
States cannot restore their own existence "as
it was." Whose especial duty is it to do it?
In whom does the Constitution place the
power? Not in the judicial branch of Govern-
ment, for it only adjudicates and does not pre-
scribe laws. Not in the Executive, for he only
executes and cannot make laws. Not in the
Commander-in-Chief of the armies, for he can
only hold them under military rule until the
sovereign legislative power of the conqueror
shall give them law.
There is fortunately no difficulty in solving
the question. There are two provisions in the
Constitution, under one of which the case must
fall. The fourth article says:
"New States may bo admitted by the Congress
into this Union."
In my judgment this is the controlling pro-
vision in this case. Unless the law of nations
is a dead letter, the late war between two ac-
knowledged belligerents severed their original
compacts, and broke all the ties thatbound them
together. The future condition of the con-
quered power depends on the will of the con-
queror. They must come in as new States or
remain as conquered provinces. Congress—the
Senate and House of Representatives, with the
concurrence of the President—is the only power
that can act in the matter. But suppose, as
some dreaming theorists imagine, that these
States have never been out of the Union, but
have only destroyed their State governments so
as to be incapable of political action ; then the
fourth section of the fourth article applies,
which says:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
Who is the United States? Not the judi-
ciary; not the President,; but the sovereign
power of the people, exercised through their
representatives in Congress, with the concur-
rence of the Executive. It means the political
Government—the concurrent action of both
branches of Congress and the Executive. The
separate action of each amounts to nothing!,
either in admitting new States or guarantying
republican governments to lapsed or outlawed
States. Whence springs the preposterous idea
that either the President, or the Senate, or the
House ofUepresentatives, acting separately, can
determine the right of States to send members
oi Senators to the Congress of the Union?
To prove that they are and for four years
have been out of the Union for all legal pur-
poses, and being now conquered, subject to the
absolute disposal of Congress, I will suggest a
few ideas and adduce a few authorities, if the
so-called "confederate States of America"
were an independent belligerent, and were so
acknowledged by the United States and by
Europe, or had assumed and maintained an
attitude which entitled them to be considered
and treated as a belligerent, then, during such
time, they were precisely in the condition of a
foreign nation with whom we were at war; nor
need their independence as a nation be ac-
knowledged by us to produce that effect. In
the able opinion delivered by that accomplished
and loyal jurist, Mr. .Justice Grier, in the prize
cases, all the law on these points is collected and
clearly stated. (2 Black, page (j(>.) Speaking
of civil wars, and following Vattcl, he says:
" "When the party in rebellion occupy and hold in
a hostile manner a cert a in portion of territory; have
declared their independence; have cast off their al-
legiance; have organized armies; have commenced
hostilities against their former sovereign, the world
acknowledges them as belligerents, and the contest
a war."
And
"The parties belligerent in a public war arc inde-
pendent nations. But it is not necessary, to consti-
tute war, that both parties should be acknowledged
as independent nations or foreign States. -V war
may exist where one of the belligerents claims sover-
eign rights as against the other."
The idea that the States could not and did
not make war because the Constitution forbids
it, and that this must be treated as a war of indi-
viduals, is a very injurious and groundless fal-
lacy. Individuals cannot make war. They may
commit murder, but that is no war. Communi-
ties, societies, States, make war. Pkilliraore
says, (volume three, page 68:)
" War between private individuals who are mem-
bers of a society cannot exist. The use of force in
such a ease is trespass and not war/'
But why appeal to reason to prove that the
seceded States made war as States, when the
conclusive opinion of the Supreme Court is at
hand? In the prize eases already cited, the
Supreme Court say:
" Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they have acted
as States claiming to be sovereign over all persons and
property within their respective limits, and asserting
a right to absolve their citizens from their allegiance
to the Federal Government. Several of these States
have combined to form a now confederacy, claiming
to be acknowledged by the world as a sovereign State.
Their right to do so is now being decided by wager of
battle. The ports and territory of each of these States
are held in hostility to the General Government, it
is no loose, unorganized insurrection, having no de-
fined boundary or possession. It has a boundary
marked by lines of bayonets, and which can becrossed
only by force. South of thi^ line is enemies'territory,
because it is claimed and held in possession by an or-
ganized hostile and belligerent power."
Again, the court say, what I have been aston-
ished that any one should doubt:
"The proclamation of blockade is itself official and
eonclusivc evidence to the court that a state of war
existed."
Now, what was the legal result of such war ?
" The conventions, the treaties, made with a nation
are broken or annulled by a war arising between
the contracting parties."— VoMel, 372; Halleck, 371,
section 23. '
If gentlemen suppose that this doctrinc ap-
plies only to national and not to civil wars, I
beg leave to refer thern to Vattcl, page 423.
He says:
"A civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and efieet;
it produces in the nation two independent parties,
who consider each other as enemies, and acknowledge
no common judge. These two parties must theiefoie
be considered as thenceforward constituting, at least
for a time, two separate bodies; two distinct societies.
They stand, therefore, in precisely the same predica-
ment as two nations who engage m a contest, and
being unable to come to an agreement, haverecourse
to arms."
At page -127:
"And when a nation becomes divided into two par-
ties absolutely independent, and no longer acknowl-
edge a common superior, the State is dissolved, and
the war between the two parties stands on the same
ground, in every respect, as a public war between two
diif'orent nations."
But must the belligerent be acknowledged as
an independent nation, as some contend? That
is answered in the case referred to in 2 Black,
as follows:
4 " It is not the less a civil war, with belligerent par-
ties in hostile array, bccausc it may be called an 'in-
surrection' by one side, and the insurgents bo eon-
sidcied as rebels or traitois. It is notnecessaiy that
the independence of the revolted province or State
be acknowledged in order to constitute it a party bel-
ligerent in a war, according to the law of nations."
This doctrine, so clearly established by pub-
licists, and so distinctly stated by Mr. Justice
Grier, has been frequently reiterated since by
the Supreme Court of the United States. In
Mr. Alexander's case (2 Wallace, 419) the pres-
ent able Chief Justice, delivering the opinion
of the court, says:
"We must bo governed by the principle of public
law so often announced from this bench as applica-
ble to civil and international wars, that all the peo-
ple of each State or district in insurrection against
the United States must be regarded as enemies until
by the action of the Legislature and Executive, or
otherwise, that relation is thoroughly and perma-
nently changed."
Afrer such clear and repeated decisions it is
something worse than ridiculous to hear men
of respectable standing attempting to nullify
the law of nations, and declare the Supreme
Court of the United States in error, bccausc,
as the Constitution forbids it, the States could
not go out of the Union in fact. A respectable
gentleman was lately reciting this argument,
when he suddenly stopped and said, '' Did you
hear of that airoeious murder committed in our
town? A rebel deliberately murdered a Gov-
ernment official." The person addressed said,
" I think you are mistaken." "Howso? Isaw
it myself." "You are wrong, no murderwas
or could be committed, for the law forbids it."
The theory that the rebel States, for four
years & separate power and without 'represen-
tation in Congress, were all the time here in"
the Union, is a good deal less- ingenious and'
respectable than the metaphysics of Berkeley.,
which proved that neither the world nor any
human being was in existence. Jf this theory
were simply ridiculous it could be forgiven; but
its effect is deeply injurious to the stability, of
the nation. I cannot doubt that' the "late, con-.
federate States are out of the Union to all in-'
tents and purposes for which the conqueror may'
choose so to consider them.
But on the ground of estoppel, the United
States have the clear right to elect to adjudge
themout of the Union. Theyareestopped'both
by matter of record and matter inpais. One of
the first resolutions passed by seceded South
Carolina in January, 1861, is as follows:
" Resolved, unanimously. That the separation of
South Carolina from the Federal Union is final, and
she has no further interest in the Constitution of the
United States: and that the only appropriate nego-
tiations between her and the Federal Government are
as to their mutual relations as foreign States."
Similar resolutions appear upon all their State
and confederate government records. The
speeches of their members of congress, their
generals and executive officers, and t.he an-
swers of their government to our shameful sue-,
ings for peace, went upon the defiant ground
that no terms would be offered or received ex-
cept upon the prior acknowledgment of the
entire and permanent independence of thecon-
federate States. After this, to deny that we
have a right to treat them as a conquered bel-
ligerent, severed from the Union in fact, is not
argument but mockery. Whether it be our
interest to do so is the only question hereafter
and more deliberately to bo considered.
But suppose these powerful but now subdued
belligerents, instead of being out of the Union,
are merely destroyed, and are now lying about,
a dead corpse, or with animation so suspended
as to-be incapable of action, and wholly unable
to heal themselves by any unaided movements
of their own. Then they may fall under the
provision of the Constitution which says "the
United States shall guaranty to every State in
the Union a republican form of government."
Under that power can the judiciary, or the
President, or the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, or the Senate or House of Represent-
atives, acting separately, restore them to life
and readmit them into the Union? I insist
that if each actcd separately, though the ac-
tion of each was identical with all the others,
it would amount to nothing. Nothing but the
joint action of the two Houses of Congress and
the concurrence ef the President -could do it.
If the Senate admitted their Senators, and the
House their members, it would have no effcct
on the future action of Congress. The Fortieth
Congress might reject both. Such is the rag-
ged record of Congress for the last four years.
In Luther vs. Borden (7 Howard, 1-42) the
Supreme Court say:
" Under this articlo of the Constitution [the one
above cited] it rests with Congress to decide what
government is the established one in a State. For
as the United States guaranty to each State a re-
publican government. Congress must necessarily
decide what government is established in the Stato
before it can determine whether it is republican or
not."
Congress alone can do it. But Congress
does not mean the Senate, or the House of
Representatives, and President, all acting sev-
erally. Their joint action constitutes Con-
gress. Hence a law of Congress must bo
passed before any new Stato can be admitted;
or any dead ones revived. Until then no
member can be lawfully admitted into either
House. Hence it appears with how little
knowledge of constitutional law each branch
isurged toadmitmembers separately from these
destroyed States. The provision that "each
House shall be the. judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members,"
has not the most distant bearing on this ques-
tion. Congress must create States and declare
when they are entitled to be represented.
Then each House must judge whether the
members presenting themselves from a reeog-
