ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401?
the nation by declaring, "We will proceed no
further in this matter.." Understand me, sir;
I do not justify the assault; very far from it.
But all punishment, should be meted out ac-
cording to the circumstances under which the
offense was committed. In accordance with
this principle, what would otherwise be mur-
der, is, by extenuating circumstances, reduccd
in the law to the grade of manslaughter. I
ask the House whether, in consideration of,
all-the circumstances—I will not review them;
they are fresh in the recollection of the House—
whether we have not done enough toward this
man already, and whether, now that he has
resigned, we shall not stand badly before the
world if we show a disposition to go.further
and inflict what may by some be regarded as
needless penalties. I appeal to the magna-
nimity, I appeal to the honor, I appeal to the
glory of the American people whether it be
necessary to pursue this matter further.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Schenck's
amendment to strike out " fifteen" and insert
"ten," and being taken it was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone the execution of
the order of the House for fifteen minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I give
notice if the execution of the order be post-
poned I shall yield the floor to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Delano] to submit his propo-
sition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 62, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Boyer, Rrom-
well, Dawson, Delano, Eckley, Eldridge, Finds, Gloss-
brenner, Aaron Hardin?, Hogan, John ii. Hubbard,
James R. llubbell, Johnson, Kerr, Kuykendnll,
Latlunn, LeBlond, Marshall, Marston, McRuer, Mil-
ler, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Nocll, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, William )I. Randall, Raymond,
Ritter, Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, llobert
Van Horn, and Wright—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baiter,
Baxter, Benjamin. Boutwell, Broomall. Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Davis,
Dawes, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, AbncrC.
Harding, lligby, Holmes. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hul-
burd, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Koontz,
Laflm, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg,
Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill, Monitor), Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aornam, Burt Van Horn, Wclker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, and Windom—62.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baiker, Bcaman, Ber-
gen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee,
Bnckland, Bundy, Clianler, Cook, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Defraes, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston, Farquhar,
Goodyear, Grider, Grinncll, Griswold, Hale, Harris,
Hart, Hayes. Henderson, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Ctiester D. Hubbard, Demas liubbard, Edwin N.
llubbell. Humphrey, Jenckes, .Tones, Kasson, Kelso,
George V. Lawrence, Longyear, Marvin, McOullougli,
Mclndoe, McKee, Morris, Patterson, Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Alexander H. Rice, Ross, Rousseau, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Upson, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William JS. Washburn,
Whaley. Stephen F. Wilson, Winlield, and Wood-
bridge—57.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanfromlowa
having demanded the execution of the order
of the House, the gentleman from Kentucky,
Mr. Rousseau, will present himself at the bar
of the House.
Mr. Rousseau appeared at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER. General Rousseau : The
House of Representatives have declared you
guilty of a violation of its rights and privileges in
a premeditated personal assault upon a member
for words spoken in debate. This condemnation
they have placed on their Journal and have
ordered that you shall be publicly reprimanded
by the Speaker, at the bar of the House. No
words of mine can add to the force of this or-
der, in obedience to which I now pronounce
upon you its reprimand.
Mr. Rousseau then retired.
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 252.
kjscjess oj? con&ress.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved by the Hrmseof .ffepj-esentaftiMs, (the Senate
concurring,)That the President of the Sonate arui the
Speaker of the House of Representatives on , the
 day of , at twelve o'clock mcridan. adjourn
their respective Houses until Tuesday, the 2d day of
October, 1866, and that on that day, unless it be then
otherwise ordered by the two Houses, they, shall fur-
ther adjourn their respective Houses until Saturday
the 1st day of December, 1866.
Is the resolution debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to make an expla-
nation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. ANCONA. I move the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. BTNCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays G4, not voting
05; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Baxter, Boyer,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Aimer C. Harding,
Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, J ohnson. Kerr, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Marston, Morrill,
Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Pike, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond, Ritter,
Rogers, Rollins, Ross. Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
Ta,ber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Woodbridge, and
W right—43.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos
R.Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beniamin, Bulwell, Brom-
well, Broomall, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Dcfrees, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Ilart, Higby, Holmes, Hooper,
Ilotehkiss, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kelley, Koonta, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, MeClnrg, McRucr, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Por-
ham, Plants, Price, John H. Rice, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shollabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Acrna.m, Burt Van Horn,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F.Wilson, and
Windom—Bl.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Baiker, Bcaman, Bergen, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Buckl and, Bundv, Clian-
ler, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Delano, Deming,
Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Dumont, Eggleslon,
Farquhar, Goodyear, Grider, Grmnell, Giiswold,
Hale. Harris, Haves. Henderson, Hill, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
R. llubbell, Iluiaphicy, Jenckcs, Jones, Kasson,
Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Longyear, Mar-
shall,Marvin, MeCullough, Mclndoe, McKee, New-
ell, Patterson, Phelps, Poiueroy, Alexander H. liiee,
Sloan,Smitil,Starr. Stilwell,Thayer, JohnL.Thomas,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn. Ward. Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
field—65.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered on agreeing to the res-
olution.
Messrs. ELDRIDGE and ANCONA de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire 
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. ROSS. To an inquiry?
Mr. CONKLING. I object to anything from
that quarter.
Mr. ROSS. I suppose I have a right to in-
quire in relation to the effect of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question to the Chair.
Mr. ROSS. I want to know if it gives mile-
age to members. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not con-
sider that a legitimate inquiry.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I raise the question of order,
whether we have power now to direct that
when the House meets on the day designated
it shall adjourn to a future day.
The SPEAKER. That depends entirely upon
wjiether a majority of the House shall vote for
the resolution ; if they do they will have ordered
it, and the Chair will have power to execute
the order.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 59, nays 52, not voting 70; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Bonja.min, Bidwell,Boutwell,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Defrees,
Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, IJotchkiss,
Jones, Kasson, Eoontz, William Lawrence; Loan,
Lynch, McClurg, McRuer, Mereur, Miller, Morris*
Moulton, 0 Neill, Orth, Perhara, Plants, Price, John
Ii. Rice, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Spalding, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Welker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, J amesE. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, and Win-
dom—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Banks, Baxter, Boyer,
Broinwell, Buckland, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, EI-
dridge, Perry, Finck, Glossbrenner. Aaron Harding,
Hogwi, Chester D. Hubbard, John R. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Johnson, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin,
Latham, George V. La'wrenee.-Lo Blond, Marston,
Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nichol-
son. Noell, Paine, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
Rogeis, Rollins,Ross, Shanklin, Strouse, Taber, Ta.y-
lor, Thornton, Trimble, Whaley, Woodbridge. and-
W i'igbt—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley. Bald-
win, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bingham, Blaino,
Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Cook,Cullom, Culver, Darling, Delano, Deming, Don-
ison, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston, Far-
quhar, Goodyear, Grider, Grmnell, Griswold, Hale,
Harris, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hnbha,rd,Edwin N.Huhbell, James
R. Ilubb'oll, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, MeCul-
lough, Mclndoe, McKee, Pattorson, Phelps, Poiue-
roy, Ritter, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stil-
well, Thayer, John L. Thomas, TJpson, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, and
Winficld—70.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message i'eom tiiu senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
following bills of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 615) legalizing marriages,
and for other pui'poses, in the District of Co-
lumbia ;
An act (H. R. No. 124) authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. G01) to grade East Cap-
itol street and establish Lincoln square; and
An act (H. R. No. 559) to authorize the
extension, construction, and use by the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company of a rail-
road from between Knoxville and the Monoc-
acy Junction into and within the District of
Columbia.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed the following bills,
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. 11. No. 230) to amend an act to
amend the charter of the Alexandria and Wash-
ington railroad, passed March 3, 18G3 ;
An act (H. It. No. 5G4) to amend the thirty-
fourth section of the declaration of rights of
the State of Maryland, so far as it applies to
the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 365) granting the right of
way to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands in the States of California, Oregon, and
Nevada;
An act (H. R. No. 379) to establish in the
District of Columbia a Reform School for boys;
An act (H. R. No. 779) to incorporate the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home;
An act (H. R. No. 587) to incorporate the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Union, of Washington,
District of Columbia; and
An act (H. R. No. 775) to incorporate cer-
tain post roads.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed the following bills and
joint resolutions, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) extending
time to the Alabama and Florida Railroad
Company for the payment of duties on rail-
road 'iron; .
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 123) in relation
to the settlement of accounts of William P.
Wingate, collector at the port of Bangor,
Maine: ,
An act (S. No. 289) to provide for probate
and for the recording of wills of real estate
