2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Constitution. I belong to that, and stand by
it to-day.
The resolution which was offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs]
in 1802 reflected my ideas then, and it ex-
presses my ideas now. If he and his friends
have departed from it. it is not my fault. 1
choose to stand by it now, as I did then. Let
me read it:
" lUmhed, That if any per?on in the employment
of the United States, in either the legislative or ex-
ecutive branch, thould propose to make peace, or
should accept or propose to accept any such proposi-
tion, on any other b.^s than the integrity and entire
unity of the United States and their territory as they
existed at the time of iho rebellion, lie will be guilty
of a 'nigh crime."
Wo then declared that it was a crime for a
man to believe that this Union was dissolved,
and to-day the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is guilty of that very crime ; and I stand here
to-day to assert it. I am sorry that he is not
in his seat. If he were, I presume he would
answer me as he did on a farmer occasion when
my mouth was shut, and I was not permitted
by the rales of the Honse to respond, ill lan-
guage which no gentleman would utter. I
suppose he woukl make a similar response to-
day : but let me say that anything that fails from
such a mouth falls harmless at my feet, as its
utterer is old, decrepit, and powerless.
Now, I want to say, as my time is nearly out,
that I believe in the Union of these States; I
believe in the punishment of treason as a crime;
I believe in the perpetuity of this Government:
I believe in the Constitution and laws of my
country; I believe it is the best, the purest, the
most beneficent Government that God ever
gave to man; and I rejoice with men of ail
colors, that this to-day is recognized as a free
Government. I am glad that the shackles of
slavery have been stricken from the limbs of
four million people, and that they are in the
way of being elevated until they attain to the
fall stature of manhood. I would throw no
obstacle* in their way: I would do all I could
to elevate them, and secure to them those rights
to which they are entitled under the Constitu-
tion and laws of my country.
But I want to see this Cnion restored: I
want to see the States restored to their original
positions in that Union. I want to see these
seats filled: I want to see representatives both
here, and on the floor of the Senate, from all
llie States, so that we may be once more a
united people, and united for good. Let us
maintain the integrity of the nation, the Union
of the States, the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion. and the enforcement of the laws. Then,
shall we transmit to posterity the liberties which
we have enjoyed, based upon the rights of man,
the liberties of the people, and in a country
whose resources have scarcely begun to be
developed. We shall go on and upward to
greatness and glory. Then, ean we invite to
our shores the people of all nations, opening
to them the doors of civilization; educating
and eieva'iug them, and providing them with
comfortable homes; then shall we be the center
of civilization, a great, grand, glorious, and
Christianized people, who ■ <:. rule shall spread
from one end of the continent to the other:
nay. throughout the world—instructing man in
the paths of truth, virtue, and equal liberty.
leave of aestxcr.
Mr. F. THOMAS asked and obtained leave
of absence for his colleague, Mr. J. L. Thomas,
for Monday and Tuesday of next week.
Mr. ilirJF.il asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Hogan for two weeks.
ITvKE AND SLAVE LABOR, ETC.
_Mr. HITTER. Mr. Speaker. I arise to-day
with much diffidence ; and if I were to consult
my own feelings I certainly would have re-
mained tilenfc. The fact, sir, that so many gen-
tlemen of great ability have so ably discussed
mo.-1 of the important subjects that are now
agitating the public mind, together with a due
appreciation of ihe great importance and mag-
nitude of these questions, is well calculated to
throw over one of my humble pretensions a dis-
trust of my ability to do those subjects and the
people who honored me with a seat here that
justice which is perhaps demanded of me. But,
sir, the present unsettled and unfortunate con-
dition of our country demands that every one
who loves the American name; every one who
loves the Government and the Union of the
United States; every one who loves the Con-
stitution that is the basis and foundation of
our Government and Union should do some-
thing. if possible, to calm and unite the feel-
ings and sentiments of the people, so that we
may all once more have full .confidence in the
justice, integrity, and perpetuity of our Gov-
ernment.
Sir, it is said that our Government can only
be maintained by the consent of the governed,
and if this be true—as I apprehend all will
agree that it is—the proper question for us now
to settle is, what course should this Congress
pursue in order to restore eonfidenee in the
minds of the people, to convince them that it. '
is the intention of the Congress of the United
States to treat all the citizens of this country
with equal justice, no matter whether they live
in the North or South, or whether they live in
the East or AVest? Sir, if this can be accom-
plished all of our differences will at once beat
an end: the soldiers that are now kept in the
various States may at once be disbanded and
returned to their homes, and the people in all
the States would at once, as in times gone by,
be constituted into a wall of defense against
any and every enemy against the United States
no matter where they might make their appear- H
anee. Sir. can we not do this? Can we not
sacrifice our prejudices, our anger, and resent- i
| ment. our party feelings, yes, and our parties, I
' too, if necessary, in order to accomplish such i
| a noble purpose? Sir, we have already sacri- j
iiced millions of money and oceans of bloi>d i
avowedly to accomplish this grand object, and j
after the people have sacrificed all this cannot ■
we lay aside our differences and determine, at |
least for the present, that we will adhere to the j
Constitution as it is, and require only that it
shall be maintained, and the laws obeyed?
Sir.look for one moment at ourcondition. The
people who were in rebellion against the anthor-
i ity of the United Stages have all acknowledged
, (heir defeat: they have surrendered to Federal i
authority. Yes, sir. they have done everything !
that has been required of them in orderto their j
admission to seats in this Hail, and still we j
refuse them, notwithstanding they were told ;
time after time by the highest authority that all j
that was necessary was for them to lay down j
their arms and submit to the laws. Sir, is this :
calculated to give confidence to these people j
that they will be treated with equal justice by j
this Congress 7 They have, by State conven- ;
tions. amended their constitutions so as to abol- '
isli slavery in each State ; they have declared ,
their ordinances of secession to be void, repu- <
diated all debts created on account of rebellion, j
and most of them have ratified the amendment i
to the Constitution of the United States abol- j
i-hing slaver}- "verywhere in the United States: j
and now, t:r, they are submitting to taxation j
while we are refusing to allow them to be rep- i
resented in this Hall. Sir. is this eomse cal- !
cnlated to give confidence to the people that i
this Congre.-; intends that all of the citizens of j
the United States shall be free and equal? I
ii But. s:r, it is said that we nirst havegnaran- I
, tees. A*\ iiat rlo we understand from this ? Sir, i
; v.-ho has told v.hat thcue guarantees arc to be? I
: All of the dominant party in this House are j
i asking for and claiming that wc should have j
|' guarantees, yet no plan of restoration setting j
I forth the guarantees demanded by them has I
been pre-ent>-d to this House. Sir, why have the .
\ people in the lately rebellious States abolished |
! sia\cry. pronounced their secession ordinances I
h void, repudiated their war debts, &c., unless j
j , it has been to conform to the requirements of j
!■ the conqueror-:, and (hereby give assurances, or i
|j guarantees if you please, that they will obey I
ji the laws of the United States? Sir, is not this
! cry for guarantees merely an excuse for the I
II purpose of postponing the time of the admission 1
of the representatives from these States so that
the dominant party here can have time to make
such amendments to the Constitution and pass
such laws as in their judgment will secure their
party in power, and which they know that they
could not do if all the States were represented?
Sir, is this calculated to inspire the people with
confidence that this Congress intends to do
equal justice to all?
Mr. Speaker, the idea of being taxed without
the right of representation is one that has
always been abhorred and detested by the
American people, and accordingly we find in
the Declaration of Independence one of the
strongest reasons for rebelling against the King
of England was that he had refused to pass
laws for the accommodation of large districts
of people unless those people would relinquish
the right of representation in the legislature ;
a right, they say, that is inestimable to them
and formidable to tyrants only. The Consti-
tution of the United States also declares that
representation and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States, which maybe
included within this Union, according to their
respective numbers. Sir, I may safely say that
the sentiment that there should be no taxation
without representation has become so deeply
impressed in the minds of the people of the
United States that every effort to change it
will hut be the means to hurl from place or
position every man who makes it. Sir. the
President has fixed a plan for the restoration
of those States, the people of those States have
sacrificed a very large amount of property and
also their own political views in order to be-
come the recipients of the President's plan.
They are willing and anxious to do it, and why
should we object?
Sir. we have no sacrifice to make ; we have
maintained the Constitution and the Union;
the flag of our fathers floats undisturbed over-
this nation; and I appeal to this House and to
the country, I appeal to every lover of this
Union, to come up like men and support the
President in his noble and manly efforts to
restore these erring people and States to
maintain the Constitution and the Union, that
we may once more have peace, prosperity, and
happiness. Sir, it may be said that we have
had some foreshowing of a plan, or rather
the conditions upon which these States are to
be allowed to be represented in the Congress
of the United States. It is true that the ma-
jority of the committee of fifteen did report
that the people of Tennessee were in a con-
dition to exercise the functions of a State
within this Union; but they then assert that
they can only exercise the same by the consent
of the law-making power of the United States.
Now, sir, if the people of the State of Tennes-
see are in a condition to exercise the functions
of a State, I ask, by what means or by what
authority are they in that condition? It must
be by authority of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; and if so, I would like to know by
what authority these people are required to
obtain the consent of the law-making power of
the United States before the5'do exercise those
functions which they admit themselves that
they are in a condition to exercise.
Now, sir, I affirm that when a State b in a
condition to exercise the functions of a State
that Congress has no right or authority to re-
quire anything more than to judge of the legality
of the election and qualification of its members,
and to require that they shall take the oath pre-
scribed by the Con.-titution. Bat they then
declare that Tennessee is on" of the United
States of America upon the express condition
that the people shall do certain things, and
that they shall not, do certain other things.
These condition1; are all very remarkable, and
are required without even a shadow of author-
ity. lint, sir, (here is one of them that strikes
j me as being more remarkable than all the rest,
; for the reason that in requiring it they make a
' demand, as I understand it, in direct opposi-
' tion to an express declaration of the Constitu-
i lion. The condition alluded to is in the words,
I " Nor shall the said State ever in any manner
