4018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
situated in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 384) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Land and Building Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia ;
An aet (S. No. 214) to incorporate the Gen-
eral Hospital of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 380) to incorporate the Wash-
ington County Horse Railroad Company, in the
District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 393) to incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Club of the District of Columbia;
and
An act (S. No. 424) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Temperance Society, of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia.
question of privilege.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege with regard to the rights of a member of
this House upon a committee. There has a
misunderstanding grown up between myself as
one of the members of the Judiciary Committee
and at least one other member of that com-
mittee with regard to my rights in that com-
mittee in the examination of the testimony taken
by order of the House in relation to the con-
nection of Jefferson Davis and others with the
assassination of President Lincoln. I have
endeavored for ten days at least faithfully at
different times to have an opportunity to inves-
tigate that evidence in order that I might know
as a member of the committee how to arrive at
a deliberate and just judgment. The first in-
formation I had was from seeing in the New
York Herald a statement that the matter had
been referred to one honorable member of the
committee to make a report. I at once felt it
my duty, as it was an important matter and as
considerable testimony had been taken in my
absence, to see at least that part of the testi-
mony whiehhad not been taken in my presence,
in order that I might conclude whether I would
join in the majority report of the committee or
whether 1 would ask the privilege of presenting
my views, together with the views perhaps of
some other members of the committee as a
minority.
When I first made application to see the
testimony the gentleman who was appointed
to make the report would not even give his
consent to my going to his room for that pur-
pose. So at last [ told him unless his consent
was given 1 would bring the matter before the
House. He then said he would not object to
my coining to his room and seeing the testi-
mony. And, by the way, there is a great mass
of evidence, hundreds of folios, and in order
to arrive at a correct judgment it is important
and necessary that members of the committee
should have full opportunity to investigate it.
yesterday I went to the committee-room and
found the papers there in the possession of a
reporter who had been employed by the gen-
tleman who is to make the majority report.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I suppose the gentle-
man wishes to state the fact.
Mr. ROGERS. I do, sir; and I do not
intend to state anything else. If I misstate
anything 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, if he is
alluded to, that be had better reserve any
remarks until the gentleman from New Jer-
sey has concluded.
Mr. ROGERS. I have no desire to throw
any reflection upon the committee at all, or
in any way disparage their action, but simply
to ascertain my rights as a member" of the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point.
Mr. ROGERS. I am coming to the point.
Yesterday, as I stated, 1 went to the commit-
tee-room and there found the papers ift the
possession of the reporter, who informed me
that he had been spoken to or employed by the
gentleman who was to make the majority re-
port to make some notes from the evidence
fop him. 1 asked him to allow me to sit down
and look at the testimony. He said his orders
were peremptorily that I nor anybody else
should see the evidence. I then went to the
clerk of the committee and told him I would
like to look at the evidence. He refused to
allow me to look at it. I then said I would go
to the gentleman who was to make the majority
report. Iwenttohim. He sat down and gave me
an order to look at the papers, but not to take
them out. In the mean time, for the purpose
of obtaining some minutes from which I could,
if I saw fit, present to the House a minority
report, I employed a stenographer to come and
take down some points of the evidence that I
wanted to refer to, as the honorable gentleman
had also a stenographer. While I was taking
them down the clerk of the committee left the
room and returned with the gentleman who
immediately snatched up the papers from me
and refused to allow me to read or look at
them, or to allow the stenographer to take
down a single word. He took the papers and
put them up in the tin box where they had
been previously locked up.
The ground the gentleman took was that he
did not know who this stenographer was, and
he was not willing to allow him to look at the
papers. That may have been very proper. I
am not prepared to say whether it was or not.
At any rate the stenographer went away. I
proposed before he went away that he should
be sworn that nothing should be divulged, but
all should be kept secret; but the gentleman
would listen to no proposals. I confess I
thought he was a little excited, and I left the
room. I hope, however, there is no feeling
on his part, as there certainly is none on
mine.
Now, I presume the House will adjourn or
take a recess soon. There is an immense mass
of testimony, and I feel it my duty, where the
lives of individuals are concerned, Jefferson
Davis and others, that the truth should be
known to the public in regard to that whole
testimony. There are facts in the case that
may not appear in the majority report, and I
may deem it my duty when I investigate the
whole evidence to present my views. I want
to arrive at a correct judgment so as to con-
scientiously discharge my duty. I am willing
to go to the expense of paying a stenographer
to take such parts of the testimony and evi-
dence as I want. I want to have the stenog-
rapher sworn by any kind of oath that may
be prescribed by the committee or the House.
My object is, not to divulge anything. I have
never been charged with divulging anything
except some cross-examinations which were
decided by the committee to be irregular, and
which I supposed to be of no sort of impor-
tance. I made the proper explanation, and I
believe the committee were satisfied with it.
I presume the Speaker^ will say I have a
right to investigate the testimony. How can I?
1 have not time, if I wait till the majority re-
port is made at the close of the session, to ar-
rive at a correct judgment on that great mass
of testimony. I am willing to furnish a stenog-
rapher at my own expense, who shall be sworn
and under the control of the House, or the
House may furnish a stenographer to take down
such parts of the testimony as I may want.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the House
is aware that the Judiciary Committee has been
for a long time engaged in the investigation of
facts concerning the assassination of the late
President of the United States. It must be
apparent that in the prosecution of that inves-
tigation the secrets of the War Department
especially have been laid open to the com-
mittee. Now it has happened that on two
occasions, without so far as I know any fault
upon the part of any member of the committee,
the substance of papers, copics of which have
come into the hands of the committee, have
found their way to the public. It must be ap-
parent that it is of prime importance that the
knowledge of the contents of those papers
should not be disclosed to the public until
they have been thoroughly examined by the
committee. They are voluminous; they relate
to important interests of the Government, and
the committee felt bound to exercise all the
care that was practicable.
Some four or five weeks since the committee-,
against my own wishes, charged me with the
duty of preparing a report upon this ease. I
may say that the committee has never yet
reached a conclusion as to what should be ad-
vised, if, indeed, anything should be advised,
for the action of this Honse. The work in
which, during that period, I have been engaged
has been the examination of these papers for
the purpose of ascertaining, as far as I might
be able, the value, if any, which they possessed
with reference to the elucidation of the matter
referred to. To that duty I have devoted my-
self with such assiduity as I possess, and with
such leisure as I could command. The exam-
ination into the archives of the War Depart-
ment, which contain the documents and papers
found at Richmond and elsewhere in the eleven
rebellious States, has, from day to day, devel-
oped new testimony concerning the assassina-
tion of the President and matters which are
supposed to have some relation thereto. I felt,
after these papers were put in my charge, that
I became in a certain degree responsible for
them. They were very voluminous, and I had
arranged them with reference to an examina-
tion for the purpose of preparing a report. It
was not, in the first place, convenient, even if
there had been no other consideration involved,
that those papers should be submitted to the
examination of anybody else.
I jnay say here that I should have felt my-
self bound to treat any other member of the
committee precisely as I treated the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.] I did not
understand that we were engaged in the prep-
aration of a majority report. But I under-
stood that I was charged with the examination
of those papers, which, as the House ean well
understand, are of a peculiar character. Many
of them were published in some of the north-
ern papers, and in some of the southern pa-
pers. There are letters written over assumed
names, involving an examination of the hand-
writing for the purpose of ascertaining the
authors of them; others are couched in am-
biguous and uncertain language, the nature and
purport of which would not be fully under-
stood from a mere cursory reading. Others
are written in cipher, which were, of course,
examined and translated, so far as they could
be translated at all, at the War Department.
Under these circumstances, I think the House
will see that when I was charged with this
work, for which I was responsible to the com-
mittee and to the country, I had the right for
the time being, without infringing the rights
of this House, or of any member, to keep the
control of these papers. Hence I have, during
all this period of time, whenever approached
by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rog-
ers,] declined to put these papers in his pos-
session.
Mr. ROGERS. Did I not simply ask to
have the privilege of examining this evidence,
and informing myself, as I ought to be in-
formed, before passing judgment on this case?
Mr. BOUTWELL. That is very true. But
as I have already said, it seemed to me that
when the number and character of these papers
were considered, when the nature of the work
confided to me was taken into consideration,
it was not the proper thing for the gentleman
from New Jersey to ask that he, simultaneously
with me, should be permitted to examine and
arrange and extract from those papers. And
therefore I always declined to allow him to do
so. Yesterday the gentleman from New Jer-
sey came to me and renewed the request. It
so happened that I had yesterday a confiden-
tial clerk from the War Department, who has
heretofore had the control of these papers, who
understands them better than anybody else, and
who was examining them with me.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire, with the gentle-
man's permission, to ask him one question:
whether the clerk to whom the gentleman re-
fers had control of the evidence taken before
the committee, or only of papers which had
