1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
os the Constitution is supreme in this respect.
We have been in the habit of thinking Congress
was but the creature of the Constitution; that
its title to rule and legislate for the people was
under and by virtue of that instrument. How,
then, does it assume to disregard it? Has the
Sabbath become greater than the Lord of the
Sabbath? Has the stream risen above the
fountain, and the servant above his master?
But it is said these States have been in rebel-
lion. Well, suppose they have. Rebellion is
treason; treason is a crime, and ought to be
punished. But can Congress inflict that pun-
ishment? The Constitution says emphatically:
"Ho bill of attainder or cx post facto law shall be
passed."
Now, if Congress were to pass this resolu-
tion, it would be both; because it is a bill which
of itself inflicts this deprivation of right upon
the people of eleven States as a punishment
for their alleged treason, which is a species of
attainder known as a " bill of pains and pen-
alties," and which has been held to be included
in the prohibition of "bills of attainder."
Again, even if that barrier was not in the way,
there is another equally impassable, lying in
this. Up until this time it has never been the
law of the United States thut.fi community could
be punished at all en viasse, either for treason
or anything else, and if Congress wen; to attempt
it now as a punishment for crimes already com-
mitted, it, would be null and void; it would be
an " ex-post facto law," mid one expressly for-
bidden.
The whole is monstrous no matter in wlmt
light it may be viewed. We have seen how
small a number of traitors there were oven in
the worst parts of the South, and that after the
people ol all classes had been left by the Fed-
eral Government at the mercy of these bends,
men, women, and children; after they had suf-
fered all the miseries of war as the consequence,
then to turn round to them and say to them,
" We will not punish the rebels who are guilty,
and who have brought, all these misfortunes
upon you, but. we will punish you who are in-
nocent." Instead of saying to the traitois " We
will hang you for treason," you say to the inno-
cent people, " We will keep you out of Con-
gress." Think of it.
We. have no right to do this, either by.law or
in morals, and just. :is long as we persist in it,
just so long will we be the allies of disunion,
and enemies to the peace of the country. Wo
hear it said hen: very often that in order to (Mi-
able us to judge correctly uud aet advisedly in
this matter we ought to have a general recogni-
tion of the State governments by Congress, that
we may aet together and :ix oid eonIliet. All this
is plausible, but. mischievous, because there is
really not a doubt but. that the present State
governments are in thesoleand undisputed pos-
session of their several States, and are obeyed
cheerfully as such. And the pretense that they
require investigation and legislation to restore
their relations with the federal Government is
Only urged as it indirectly attains the end so
much to be deprecated, namely, that of punish-
ing the people in an unlawful and unconstitu-
tional manner.
Another and fatal objection to (he course
proposed in this resolution is that it provides
lor the joint action of the House and Senate
in a manor which it. is of the greatest moment
should be kept, entirely separate. If joint ac-
tion can take place in cases of this kind, then
the advantages which the country expected,
and which it has realized, 111 the Senate of (he
United States, are lost to it perhaps forever. !
The constitutions of the two Houses are en- 1
tirc-ly different. The House of Representatives 1
is national, representing numbers; the Senate is
Federal, representing States. 'The great States
of New York, Pennsylvania. Ohio, Illinois,
are therefore potent in the House, but in the
Senate, Rhode Island, Delaware, Vermont,
and NewHampshire are their equals, and serve
as a kind of breakwater to prevent the effects
of the sudden impulses of such heavy popula-
tions as inhabit the States first named. The
Senate is indeed the bulwark of the smaller
States, and they ought therefore to be the es-
pecial guardians of the Constitution, because it
is only by maintaining the strictest reverence
for it they can expect to maintain their equal
rights, i have been much surprised therefore
to tind Senators on this floor, whose interests
of all others were most in danger, show such
apathy with regard to these innovations, which
if they are ever to become precedents will
assuredly work the destruction of the lesser
States.
Nosy, the Constitution expressly provides
that—
" Kach House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and ciualiliuations of its own members."
A provision that must strike every one at first,
sight as necessary if the bodies are to be a
check one upon the other. Because if the
Senate had to decide who shall go into the
House or who shall not go in, the House would
soon become the creature of the Senate and
dependent upon it for its existence ; and so if
the Senate were to allow the House the same
rights over its members. This resolution, how-
ever, very ungenerously selects only a single
point upon which to apply the joint action com-
plained of, and that is this: that both Houses
shall jointly decide which are the States en-
titled to representation. That is the whole of it.
Now, Mi. Pi esident., can anything be clcarcr
than that this very question has been already
settled authoritatively and beyond dispute? lias
not the Constitution settled it? Is it, not to be
found on every line and page of our laws—and
especially in the aet, of March I, l.SIJl!?
I'hoii, if this be so, the joint eonimiltoe pre-
vents the Se11.it e from deciding on the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its members,
because it, yets behind the whole and denies
the right of States to members at all. It does
not deny but, that they have Legislatures com-
petent to elect—if it did the answer would be
obvious: the Senate will decide that. 011 the
question of elections—but it declares at once,
boldly, that although the people of these States
are desirous of submitting to the laws they of-
fended against, we will impose upon them a
new penally not known to the law,
Mr. President, I think I ha\e shown beyond
question that at the Ineakiug out of the rebel-
lion there was not any considerable number of
people, in any of the States in question, who
ever were guilty of treason to the United States,
it' we admit the law to be as I hold it is, name!}',
that if the legitimate Government of any coun-
try sud'ers itself to be dispossessed and a hos-
tile Government, to be established and put. in
possession in its stead, so iliat it cannot protect
its citizens in their resistance to such hostile
Government, then it cannot, punish them for
acts done afterward under the authority of and
in obedience to the hostile Government; such
acts cannot amount to treason and the law ex-
cuses them,
1 think I have also shown that the moment
the rebels yield and surrender, that, they are
immediately in the custody of the law, and can
only be subjected to such punishment, as it pro-
vides—to be indicted upon them through the
courts according to "due process" of law.
1 have shown that, for any guilty part taken
by tile people in the late war, that the sufferings
and losses they endured in that war were the
natural and sufficient punishment; that after It
they remain purged, and ought to be remitted
to all their constitutional rights at once.
That it is due to the dignity of the United
States as a great nation* if she punishes the
actual traitors who incited the rebellion, that
It be done solemnly and according to the strictest,
form of law, in open courts, where the prisoners
may have counsel and witnesses, so that they
may make their defense, if they have any.
That according to the Constitution and laws
all the States are still in the Union ; that seces-
sion ordinances could not repeal the one. nor
war set aside the other: that they are neither
dead by forfeiture or fdo de se, but are now in
full and perfect existence with all their muni-
cipal machinery in full play.
That the px-oposition of the committee of fif- i
teen to amend the Constitution is fundamental
and revolutionary, and destructive of the free-
dom of the States e nd the liberties of the peo-
ple : that it is a threat to depi ive them of their
rights by compelling them either to admit ne-
gioes to the right of suffrage or to give up a
share of their representation, which is theirs by
law and the last amendment to the Constitution.
That the resolution now before us from the
same committee is also revolutionary and de-
structive, being an attempt to suspend the Con-
stitution and laws in regard to representation
in Congress over eleven States of the Union
until Congress shall see fit to restore them. It
is a declaration on the part of the members ol
the present House and Senate, that having the
means of keeping these States from being rep-
resented here, they are going to do so as long
as they please; that 110 one ot these measures
can be justified as a punishment tor the rebel-
lion ; that the Constitution forbids them as bills
of pains and penalties, and as ex post facto in
their character.
Then, sir, hero at the conclusion, I will en-
deavor to answer a question which has been
so often put; and with that air of braggart
triumph that indicates an answer impossible.
The question is this: " Would you bring back
here into the Senate rebels and traitors, the
authors of all our troubles, whose hands are
yet led with the blood of our slaughtered peo-
ple? And if not. how do you propose to avoid
it unless jou deny these States representation
for a time at least?"
To all this 1 answer, 110, as emphatically as
any other Senator can do; but I would keep
them out in a very different way from that pro-
posed. 1 would keep them out by following
the mode and seeking the remedy afforded by
the Constitution and laws, instead of adopting
a course forbidden by both and unjust in itself.
I would keep out traitors, not keep out States;
I would punish criminals, and not enslave com-
munities; 1 would single 0111 the guilty, and not
confound the innocent with them.
Is not this easy? When the traitor asks ad-
mission here, you can arrest him for his treason;
you can commit him for trial; and the offense
is not, bailable. I suppose everybody will agree
that would keep him out, at least til! he is tried.
It. has another great advantage, too: it is lawful
and none can complain of it.
After the trial, if acquitted, he is not a traitor,
and his case presents 110 difficulty. If he is
convicted, attainted, and hanged, I suppose
that would allay all fears of his return.
Now, Mr. President, when I think how ob-
vious and effectual this plan would be, I am
amazed that it should have ever entered into
the human mind to contrive another. Why is
it not adopted? Sir. 1 am afraid to answer. I
am afraid there are patriots who would prefer
to let treason go unwhipped rather than they
should risk their own hold 011 power. It looks
to 1110 much like that; ami if so, I am sorry
that, any man can be so shoit-sighted as not to
see the fatal consequences of such an exchange
as this. Does it not say, your treason may go
if you lot us rule the country?
One word more and 1 am done. The country
is alarmed, the people are anxious, and the
political atmosphere bodes the coming of no
common storm. What can we do to prevent
it and bring hack peace to the country and
harmony to the party? Is there no common
ground on which we can stand? Is there no
common standard round which we can rally?
I think there is, sir. Surely, we may go back
to the Constitution which we have all sworn to
support. We can go back to the laws and en-
force them without, dissension among ourselves.
Then there are things which we may avoid do-
ing. We may avoid now measures 011 which we
cannot agree, and which only serve as wedgea
to split lis further and further asunder.
Mr. President, why these new measures?
Who is bound to the support of a new measure
except the author of it? What member of a
party is bound to a new measure not in con-
templation of the party at the time it was or-
ganized, at the time its platform was laid down,
