1-866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113®
except the author; and if dissension and divis-
ion spring up from the new measure, who is
responsible for that? The man who stands on
the record, or the man who introduces the new
measure ? The man who catches the foxes and
ties their tails so as to send them into the stand-
ing corn, or the men who do not ? These are
questions that the country are coming to ask.
They will ask who did this thing, who brought
this about? Was the Freedmen's Bureau in
the Baltimore platform ? Was it in the Chi-
cago platform? Where did the party agree to
that as a party? Where was that laid down as
a line to which all party men should come ?
The pretense is absurd. The Freedmen's
Bureau bill is not now and never was a party
measure, except with some few people who
took it into their heads that it was a very good
thing. Nobody blamed them for that; they
had a right to believe that; but other people
who did not believe it are not to bo ostracized
on that account, particularly if those who did
not believe it thought that in itself it was not
only inexpedient and impolitic, but that it was
unconstitutional.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir; not till I am done.
Mr. CONNESS. I saw the Senator was not
reading, otherwise I would not propose to
obstruct him.
Mr. COWAN. Now, Mr. President, I say
the country is beginning to inquire who intro-
duced this cause of dissension ; who started this
wedge which is to drive and drive until it sep-
arates the great Republican party? I say it is
perfectly plain that the man who started the
new measure, the man who persists in it, the
man who ostracizes and denounces everybody
who differs with him about it. I think, Mr.
President, that is so plain that he who runs
may read. Certainly there can be no doubt
about that.
Then, in conclusion, I have only to say that
if we refuse these moderate counsels, if we
refuse to abandon these nova res, these new
things, the only remedy will be to take the con-
sequences, and they seldom linger long behind
the act.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Pennsylvania closed his speech by telling
us that these are exciting, anxious times; that
the people of the country are asking questions
which must be answered 
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator is going to
make a speech now, I give him notice that I
shall consider the arrangement which was made
last night as at an end. There are other gen-
tlemen who want the rest of the time allotted
for the consideration of this subject; and if after
they are through there is any time left, the
Senator may occupy it.
Mr. WILSON. I intended to reply to a few
remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania, but
I am told that 1 am ruled out, that it is not
proper for me to say anything.
Sir. CONNESS. How ruled out? By what
rule ?
Mr. COWAN. We do not undertake to rule
you out, but you insisted yesterday on fixing
six o'clock as the time for taking the vote, and
the time is allotted for particular members to
speak.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator says that the
arrangement which was made is to be broken
if I occupy any part of the time, and therefore
J must not presume to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume there is time for
the Senator from Massachusetts to go through
■with his remarks.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania informs me that the arrangement which
has been made will, if I occupy any of the time,
be broken.
Mr. COWAN. I only say it in behalf of the
gentlemen who are still to speak, as I under-
stand.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Neva-
da 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President; 
Mr. WILSON. I will not say anything here
that will break the rule. The day before yes-
terday 
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to Senators that
at my instance to-day there was half an hour
extra time given for the gentlemen who pro-
posed to debate this question, by calling up
the subject at half past twelve instead of one
o'clock. If the Senator from Massachusetts
will only take that half hour it will not interfere
with the arrangement.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection to let
the Senator from Massachusetts have an hour.
What I suggested to him was that an arrange-
ment had been made, and ihat, if he spoke in
violation of it we must be excused for replying
to him afterwards. We admit the right of the
chairman of the committee to reply, but not of
other people without giving us an equal right.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I choose now
to say just this: the day before yesterday the
Senator from Nevada took the floor, and in-
stead of closing his speech that night went
over until the next day. Then the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. .1 ohssox] made a very
long and very elaborate and very able speech;
and he has been followed to-day by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who has spoken for
two hours; and then when another Senator
rises, he notifies that Senator that if he speaks
the arrangement that was made in the Senate
yesterday to take the vote on this resolution
at four or live o'clock to-day would be viola-
ted. The Senator has spoken; and I do not
know that he had a right to speak for anybody
else ; but as the remark has been made, I do not.
choose now to occupy the time of the Senate,
and peril this question; and therefore 1 shall
yield the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. When this arrangement was
made it was contemplated that the honorable
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] and
myself should both speak. That honorable
Senator has declined to speak on this question.
There is plenty of time for the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, or any other Senator who chooses to
do so, to address the Senate upon the subject;
and I am entirely willing to yield the floor to
him or to any other Senator on the other side
of the Chamber who wishes to speak: indeed
I prefer to do so. I therefore make the over-
ture that if any of the Senators on that side
wish to speak on the subject 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who desires to speak, go on according to
the arrangement,? If there is any time at the
end of the day 1 may take occasion to notice a
few remarks I hat have been made.
Mr. SAULSBURY. When that arrangement
was entered into yesterday, 1 proposed to occupy
for a short time the attention of the Senate to-
day in discussing this resolution ; but supposing
this morning that there would not be time for
two Senators to speak upon it within the time
named, I notified my friend from Kentucky that
I would speak early next week on the amend-
ment to the Constitution, upon which I can
make my remarks as well as upon the question
now before the Senate. 1 therefore, in order
that there may be perfect harmony, and that
gentlemen upon the other side may have an
opportunity to discuss this question, will defer
any remarks that I have to make until Monday
or Tuesday next when the amendment to the
Constitution will be before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not only willing but de-
sirous that the Senator from Massachusetts or
any other Senator who wishes to address the
Senate on the subject-matter of this resolution
should now do so, and that he should take his
own time. I have no idea that it will interfere
with the amount of time which I wish to appro-
priate in any remarks that 1 design to make on
the proposition before the Senate. Itlierefore
shall be gratified if that Senator or any other
Senator who chooses to make a speech shall do
so now.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I hope he will now go on, and
that the Senators who are opposed to this meas-
ure will have the time allotted to them by the
arrangement made yesterday, and then, if when
they have concluded there is any of the time
specified left, I may use a portion, of it; if not
I will let it pass.
_ Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate in oppcf'
sition to the resolution. [His remarlts will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, if there
be one thing more certain than another in the
Constitution of the United States it is that each
House of Congress is the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its members.
Each House is independent of the other; each
House is independent of the Supreme Court;
and each House is independent of the Execu-
tive.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a difference in
your party then.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.PoMERoy
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Wiscon-
sin yield the floor to the Senator from Califor-
nia?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin will proceed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, if we
choose to admit or refuse to admit Senators
upon this floor what have the House of Repre-
sentatives to do about it? Can they send their
Sergeant-at-Arms over here and take out our
members ? Can they send over their Sergeant-
at-Arms and put members into this body? Can
the Supreme Court do it? Suppose they de-
cide that somebody has a right to come into
this body or that ho ought to be kept out, cau
they send their marshal to the Senate with their
decree that A B and C D shall take their
places in the Senate of the United States, or
can they send over their marshal with their
decree that A B or C D shall be taken from
this body? Not at all. The idea that the Pres-
ident of the United States can send down any
person here directing that A 13 or C D shall
be admitted into this body, or that A B and
C D shall be removed from this body, is equally
preposterous, absurd, and revolutionary.
It is because I, as an individual member of
this Senate, insist that upon this question of
judging upon the right of representation in this
body from every State, this body is independ-
ent of the House of Representatives, independ-
ent of the. Supreme Court, independent of the
Executive, independent of everybody under
heaven, that I oppose the resolution that is
now pending before the Senate—a resolution
which on its face purports to be no law and
has no binding effect.. It binds nobody except
as a man may be bound by a caucus resolu-
tion. ^fou may say it binds his honor. It
pledges him, that is all. This resolution has
no effect. It is as void as a blank piece of
paper, so far as any legal effect is concerned.
But there is contained in this resolution a prop-
osition that we as Senators pledge ourselves
that we will not act upon the question of the
admission of Senators of this body until the
House gives their consent. This is, substan-
tially, a mere caucus arrangement anyhow.
It is' not legislation. It is merely the expres-
sion of the opinion of gentlemen in the House
of Representatives and gentlemen sitting here
in the Senate that the two Houses of Congress
have no authority to go into an examination of
the right of representatives to seats here until
the two Houses by joint resolution or act of
Congress agree. That is mv objection to this
resolution. My honorable friend from Maine
[Mr. Fessexuen] the other day in opening the
debate on this question said it was proposed to
take away from Congress all right to judge oil
the question of the right of members to their
seats. , , .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said no such thing.
Air. DOOLITTLE. It was substantially that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it was not sub-
stantially that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman went on
to say, " Are we to be mere children ? Are we
to surrender our judgment, and have no judg-
ment on this question?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was speaking of the
President's speech.
