1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would greatly modify, if it did not entirely pre-
vent, the injustice of majorities. Without the
right of suffrage iu the late slave States, (I do
not speak of the free States,) I believe the
slaves liad far better been left in bondage. I seo
it stated that very distinguished advocates oi
the right of suffrage lately declared in this city
that they do not expect to obtain it by congres-
sional legislation, but only by administrative
action, because, as one gallant gentleman said,
the States had not been out of the Union.
Then they will never got it. The President is
far sounder than they. He sees that adminis-
trative action has nothing to do with it. If it
ever is to come, it must be constitutional amend-
ments or congressional action in the Territories,
and in enabling acts.
How shameful that men of influence should
mislead and miscducate the public mind! They
proclaim, "This is the white man's Govern-
ment," and the whole coil of copperheads echo
the same sentiment, and upstart, jealous Repub-
licans join the cry. Is it any wonder ignorant
foreigners and illiterate natives should learn
this doctrine, and be led to despise and maltreat
a whole race of their fellow-men?
Sir, this doctrine of a white man's Govern-
ment is as atrocious as the infamous sentiment
that damned the late Chief Justice to everlast-
ing fame; and, ] fear, to everlasting fire.
Mr. FINCK moved that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiiu"!ine, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under con-
sideration tlia Union generally, and particularly
the annual message of the President of the
United States, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Robert
Johnson", his Private Secretary, informed the
House that he had this day approved and signed
the following bills:
An act (it. R. No. 23) to prevent the spread
of foreign diseases among the cattle of the
United States; and
An act (II. U. No. 21) to amend an act en-
titled "An act providing for the selection of
jurors to serve iu the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. FINCK asked leave of absence for his
colleague, Mr. Le Blond, for the remainder of
this week.
Leave was granted accordingly.
resumption op specie payments.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution:
Th.it, rh!■ House cordially concurs in the
views o( the, Secretary of the Treasury in relation to
the necessity of a contraction of the currency with a
view to as curly a resumption of spccie payments as
the t->• siiiinterests of the country will permit;
and wc hereby pledge cooperative action to this end
as speedily as practicable.
Mr. SMITH objected.
Mr. ALLEiT. I move to suspend the rules
in order to allow me to introduce the resolu-
tion.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes seventy-six.
Mi. SMITH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ;"and Messrs. Alley and
Suthi were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 94. noes 3.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. ALLEY. I now demand the previous
question upon agreeing to the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ,1OHNSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. If the House adjourns now,
when will this resolution again come up?
The SPEAKER. The rules having been
suspended, the resolution introduced, and the
main question ordered, the resolution would
eome up for consideration to-morrow morning,
immediately after reading the J ournal.
Mr. BROOKS. We may as well dispose of
it now.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution of Mr. Alley, upon which the yeas
and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the aflirmative—yeas 114, nays G, not voting
32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Ancona, An-
derson, James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Daiker,
Baxter, lieaman, Bergen, Didwell, Bingliam Rlow,
Boutwell, Buyer, Brandegee, Brooks, isroomall, Ban-
dy, Header W. Clarke, Kidney Clarke. Uonkhng, Cook,
Cullom, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Defrecs, Delano,
Doming, Denison, Dixon, Dusks, Eidridge, Eliot,
Farriuhar, Ferry, Fnick, U nlndd, Gridcr, (iriswold,
11 ale, Aaron Jlnrding, Abner C. Maiding, Hart. Hayes,
Henderson, Iligby, itdl, ilognn, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchki«s, Asaliel V. Hubbard, Chester D. Huljbard,
Demas Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Edwin IN. Hub-
bell, James It. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey,
Tngersell, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian. Kasson, ltclley,
Kelso, Kerr, Ketchain, Kuykenkall, Lallin. Latham,
George. V. Dawrenee, William Lawrence, Lungyear,
Marshall, M'tr.- 'on, Marvin, MeClurg, Melndoe, Me-
Kee, Mcltuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Monlton, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
Orih, Paine, l\iTri-r><m, Pel ham, l'hclps, Pike, Plants,
Price lladiord, Samuel J. llandall, William 11. Ean-
dnll, Raymond, Alexander II. Kice, John XI. Pice,
Kitter, Rollins, Koss, liousseau, Scoiield,
Shanktin, Shellauarger. Si.gveaves, Stoan, Spaldmg,
Starr, Stillwell, Rtrouse, Tabor, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,I>urt Van
Horn, Robert T. Y\m iloin. Voorhees, "Ward, War-
ner, idiho iWashburne, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wcntworth, Wbaley, Williams, James 1'.
Wilson. Stephen l'\ Wilson, and Wright—14-1.
N A YS—Messrs.Baker, Cobb, L'kiey, Harris, Smith,
and Thayer—0.
NOT V<u'l Vi—Messrs. Dcios It. Ashley, Benja-
min, Blaine, Bromwcll, BiuIsland, Chanter, Culver,
Davis, Donnellv, bumonf, Epgieston, ifarnMvoith,
(Hossbrcnner, Goodyear, Unmtell, -James 51. Hum-
phrey, Jones, Lo Blond, Loan, L\iich, MeCullough,
Morris, Newell, Poiuoroy, Roger*, Seheiick, Stevens,
Francis Thomas, John L, Thomas, Wmdom, Wui-
tield, and Woedbridge—o:.\
So the resolution was agreed to.
RECONSlltUCTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to enable the loyal citi-
zens of the United States residing in Slates
whose constitutional governments were usurped
or overthrown by the recent rebellion, after ac-
cepting certain conditions prescribed by the
United States in Congress assembled, to form
a constitution and State government for each
of said States preparatory to resuming as States
their constitutional relations to the national
Government; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the joint committee
on reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASIILEY also presenrcd a memorial
from sundry citizens of the United States, in
relation to reconstruction ; which was referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
SUBSISTENCE Of DES'i'lTCTE INDIANS.
On motion of Mr. McINDOE, Senate joint
resolution No. 0, authorizing the President to
divert certain funds heretofore appropriated,
and cause the same to lie used for immediate
subsistence, clothing, &c.. for destitute Indians
and Indian tribes, was taken from the table,
read a first and second time, and lcferred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
registry of fokbton-built vessels.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the registering
and enrolling of vessds built in foreign coun-
tries but wholly owned in the United States;
which was read n first and second lime, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
sirrntAoi; in district of Columbia.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill to regulate the right of
suffrage in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
naval DEPOT at cleveland.
Mr, SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
aiso introduced a bill to provide for a naval -
depot at Cleveland or some other point, on tBe"
southern shore of Lake Brie; which was read,
a first and second time, and referred to . foe
Committee on Naval Affairs.
POINTING OF NAVY REGISTER,..-
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanrmtfus
consent, offered the following resolution; wliieh
was referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing: •
I'ciolvrd, That there he printed five thousand eopies
of the A avy Register for the use of the members of
this House.
SUPPRESSION OE POLYGAMY.
Mr. BROOMALL. L call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. WARD. I move to suspend the rules to
allow me to introduce the following resolution:
Whereas certain inhabitants of the Territory of
Utah, in violation of the laws of the United States,
have been and still are sustaining the abominable
system of polygamy, and the numbers who practiee
it, and the crime and demoralization consequent
thereon, are largely on the increase; a nd wheieas for
reasons not understood, the law against polygamy
has not been enforced; and, in the.iuc%ment of this
House, this great and lcuiaining barbarism of our age
and country should be swept, like its twin system,
slavery, from the Territories of the Republic; and
means adequate to that end should be adopted:
Therefore,
JlcnolvcJ, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire and ascertain what means, civil or
military, may lawfully bo resorted to to effectually
eradicate this evil from the [and, and what legislation
is needed, if any, to effect that object, and wha-t rea- -
sons exist why the laws against polygamy have not
been executed; and also to ascertain whether the
United States officials in said Territory are seeking to
enforce the laws, and to inquire in to their conductgen-
erally, so far as relates to the discharge of their pub-
lic duties in relation to this system; and that said
committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. IIA RDING, of Kentucky. I move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at half past three o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 19, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
'1 he .1 ournal of yesterday was read and
approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Lane, of Kansas, to fill the vacancy upon
the Committee on Pensions, and Mr. SAtxs-
Bt'RY to fill that upon the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
PRESIDENTIAL MESS AG ES.
Several messages were received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Robert
.Johnson, his Secretary. Many of them -^ere
of an executive nature.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Interior, transmitting the accounts of
Indian agents, Harlan and Snow, of the south-
ern superintendency, for the first quarter of
186-1, as required by the act of June 25, 1864;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of
the European and North American Railway
Company, praying for aid in constructing a
military railroad from Bangor, in the State of
Maine, to the St. John river, in the Province
of New Brunswick; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore submitted a
communication from the Governor of the State
of Indiana, transmitting a joint resolution of
the General Assembly of that State adopting
the proposed amendment to the Constitution of
the United Slates on the subject of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Benjamin F. Butler, chairman of a committee
of the corporators of a National Military and
