3060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
investigating committee will take this matter in
charge. If my information is correct, and I
have no reason to doubt it, the affairs of the
concern, notwithstanding the puffing and blow-
ing, (paid for, I presume,) will show a condi-
tion of things which can only exist in a close
corporation, under a united head, where incom-
petency and assurance appear to have full sway,
and where the Liliputian scepter of the estab-
lishment is wielded by its mandarin with an
assumption of authority that would dwarf the
pretensions of a Camanche chief or a Patagonian
prince.
Another great cause of difficulty which at-
tends the management of our Indian affairs is
a want of accurate information by Congress
concerning the true condition of the Indians.
The men who are sent into the Indian country
as agents to take charge of and manage the
affairs of our numerous Indian tribes go there
trammeled with the arbitrary rules of the office
here, by which their usefulness is to a greater
or less extent destroyed. The agents who are
on the spot, who live with the Indians, arc the
only persons capable of judging what course
of action should be pursued in the management
of their respective tribes. But this cannot be;
a haughty Commissioner in this city undertakes
to direct in the smallest transactions for a tribe
of Indians located two thousand miles distant,
not a solitary member of' which he lias ever
seen. 1 will take the case of the Yanktons.
They made a treaty by which the United States
agreed to pay them the sum of $0-5,000 per
year for a given number of years. Now, sir,
neither these Indians nor their agent who lives
with them is allowed to control the expendi-
ture of this money for the use of the tribe.
Why is it?
1 cannot account for this extraordinary con-
duct. in any other way than that it is a very great
pleasure for him to make very large purchases
with a very broad margin, to supply the wants
of the Indian service. No man is capable of
controlling our Indian relations as they should
be unless ho thoroughly understands the habits
of life, the wants, and the actual necessities of
these people.
But we are told that Indian agents are not
competent to do these tilings. How many agents
do you suppose there are in the service of the
Government to-day, and under the sole control
of the Commissioner, who are not, his equals
in ability to discharge the duties of his olliee?
Again, we are told that I ndian agents will steal,
that they are not to be trusted. I have no idea
that Indian agents are much more honest than
Commissioners, Secretaries, or other public offi-
cers, but 1 venture the assertion thai, they will
compare favorably wilhany other bodyof public
servants in this particular.
But there are other and more reprehensible
transactions of this department of the Govern-
ment to which I desire to call the attention of
Congress and the country; transactions which
are in violation of every principle of equity,
repugnant to the honest impulses of human
nature, and which involve the lives and prop-
erty of our citizens.
In the year 181',2 the Sioux Indians in Min-
nesota, in violation of their treaty obligations
with the United States, revolted and treacher-
ously murdered near a thousand unprotected
men, women, ami children in that State. Who
does not remember the thrill of horror which
sickened every heart in the land as the intel-
ligence of those acts of brutality and barbarism
fell upon the ears of our people? The whole
western frontier of .Minnesota was depopu-
lated, and as these red murderers were forced
westward into Dakota by the brave citizen sol-
diery of that State, in the defense of their homes
and firesides, our people fled for safety and
left the Territory almost without inhabitants.
In 1803 the Government decided to remove
from Minnesota all the remaining Sioux In-
dians. Some fivehundred of them who had been
captured and condemned to death for their par-
ticipanc-y in the late massacre were imprisoned
at Davenport, Iowa, where they were kept
under strong military guard, while the rest of
them were removed to Dakota at a point on
the Missouri-river about one hundred and fifty
miles above the capital of that Territory.
Neither the personal safety lior the pecuniary
interests of our people were consulted in this
transaction. If they had been, there would
have been but one voice, and that would have
been a united exclamation of disapprobation.
They would have entered their solemn protest
against the location of these Indians, even thus
far above the friendly Yanktons, and more
than fifty miles above our frontier military
posts.
The result of this business has been the expend-
iture of several hundred thousand dollars of
Government funds, and the cold-blooded mur-
der of many of our best citizens who have fallen
before the fatal rifle of these same savages.
Whole families of ourpeople have been slaugh-
tered. Husbands, wives, fathers, mothers,
sons, and daughters, neither age nor helpless
infancy have been spared by these bloody Sioux
fiends of Minnesota, who were so heartlessly
forced upon our people by one foolish and
inconsiderate act of Government, the inhuman
audacity of which would have disgraced the
meanest mandates of the Bey of Tunis or the
Dey of Algiers.
L would to God, that this were the last chap-
ter of wrongs which is to bo recorded on the
fair pages of the unwritten history of our ex-
posed and neglected frontiers, in the blood of
our best citizens. But 1 greatly fear that such
is not to be the case.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. To what does
the gentleman now allude ; to the removal of
the Indians from Minnesota to Dakota?
Mr. BURLEIGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. IIUBBARD,"of Iowa. When was that
done?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I have just stated.
Mr. IIUI>BAItP, of Iowa. Was that done
under the administration of James Harlan, as
Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. BUHLEIGII. I stated distinctly that it
was done in
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Then, in his
present remarks, the gentleman does not refer
to the present Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I say that in 1803 the
Government made this removal.
But a few weeks since an oider was issued,
from one of the Departments, for the release
from prison of all these savages, whose hands
have been dyed in tlio blood of so many hun-
dreds of innocent and unoffending pioneers—
the very bono and sinew of our infant States—
and whose flinty, fiery hearts wreak for blood
and vengeance such only as fiends can feel and
savages know.
That was in the reign of James Iiarlan, Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will ask the
gentleman if he has not introduced a resolution
in this House calling for information on that
subject, and also directed a letter to the Presi-
dent upon the subject; and if his inquiries
have not been fully and conclusively answered
by the Secretary of the' Interior.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will give all the facts
to the House before I get through; so the gen-
tleman need not anticipate me.
Mr. IIUBBARI). of Iowa. I will ask the
gentleman if he did not himself advocate, in
the presentee of the Secretary of the Interior,
the removal of these identical Indians he now
refers to, down to the Missouri river, and their
consolidation with the Yanktonai Sioux.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I state most distinctly
that I never advocated anything of the kind.
I did advocate the removal of the women and
children with a view of wiping out the tribe.
But I never apprehended for a moment that
there was a man on earth who would advocate
the turning loose into our community of two,
three, or four hundred red-handed murderers
and savages.
These arc to join the rest of their tribe by the
side of our settlements in Dakota. Like the
former removal, your Secretary of the Interior
and your Commissioner of Indian Affairs have
intentionally concealed their operations from
the community into whose very heart these
murderers are to be thrust by their act; and it
is only found out accidentally by their repre-
sentatives here. ,
But this is not all. Officers of the Govern-
ment have ordered the wholesale removal of
all these savages from the place where they
were first located on the Missouri to a point
below the friendly tribes and more than thirty
miles below the military posts established for
the protection of our frontiers. _ The place
selected for their new home is in one of the
settled counties of northwestern Nebraska,
contiguous to the settled portion of Dakota,
and but a short distance above my own resi-
dence. But, we are asked, what is to become
of these people ? Iiow are they to be disposed,
of? We know that they have been driven
from their homes in Minnesota, where they
were as comfortably situated as Indians could
be. Is there no place for them ? We are told
by your Secretary of the Interior that they are
peaceable, harmless, and inoffensive ; that
there is no danger to be apprehended from
them. He says:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. 0., May 8,18GG.
Sir: In reply to your note of the 7th instant, I
have the honor to state tliat by authority of an act
of Congress, a reservation has been selected for the
remnants oi certain bands of Indians formerly resid-
ing in Minnesota, not previously removed, in tho
Territory of Nebraska: and that some of them have
already been removed to it, and it is the intention
of the Department, as soon as bliitable provision
can be made, to forward to them their wives and
children.
In this connection it is proper to say that a very
large majority of those Indians have been perfectly
peaceable in their intercourse with the white inhab-
itants of Minnesota, and rendered great service to
them in repelling attacks from hostile Indians, be-
sides recovering and returning to their friends women
and children who had been carried away as prison-
ers of war; and itis known thattorthelast four years
those who previously had manifestedliostility have
conducted themselves in the most, quiet and peace-
able manner.
Under these circumstances I do not, therefore, ap-
prehend danger from any future outbreak moro than
at any time may be expected from the unjust con-
duct of white people toward them. The reservation
to which a part of them have been removed, and to
which it is expected their women and children will
be sent, was recommended by two of the most experi-
enced officers of the Army; and civilians perfectly
familiar with tho character of these Indians person-
ally inspected and reported favorably upon the fitness
of the location named.
I am, sir, with great respect, your obpdicnt servant,
JAMES HARLAN,
Secretary.
Hon. W. A. Bukl-eigii, House of Representatives.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Dakota whether or not these Indians
have been removed ; and if so, whether the
order for their removal has not been issued by
the President of the United States.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Oh, yes, sir; they have
all been turned out, and sent down to my
neighborhood.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Dakota whether or not this
order has been issued by the President of the
United States. 1 understand that he is the
only officer who can issue such an order. Does
the gentleman mean to attack the President ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will answer the gen-
tleman. I called upon the President of the
United States in regard to the matter, and he
seemed to know very little about it. He said
he supposed he had signed an order of that
kind ; that his Cabinet officers were in the
habit of bringing to him orders connected with
their respective Departments; that they told
him what was necessary, and he signed the
papers. "Well, Mr. President," said I, "I
eould not believe for one moment that you
were aware of the cruelties which have been
practiced upon our people ; and I therefore
rely upon you to correct this evil."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I desire to ask
the gentleman whether he thinks that the Pres-
ident is in the habit of signing orders which
he does not understand, and whether the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs could move one step, could
make any progress whatever, toward the re-
