1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcb 2,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman refers
to the President's speech, in which the Presi-
dent himself says that each House is to judge,
and to judge for itself. That is just the point,
and I propose to bring the Senator from Maine
to the point on this question. I will suppose
a case. I will take the State of Maine. I sup-
pose that a "war of invasion may have opera-
tion upon a State or npon the people of a State
as well as a civil war or a war of insurrection.
Now, let me suppose a case. I grant it is
haj-dly a supposable case, because our friends
in Maine have demonstrated their valor on
every battle-field during this war. But sup-
pose wo were to get into a war with Great
Britain. Maine has five congressional districts.
Suppose Great Britain should capture one;
could that district elect a member to the other
House ? I should like to see how they could
do it. I'f the people of a district were captured
by a foreign enemy, how could they hold an
election? It is nonsense to talk about it. Gould
the other four districts elect four members to
the other House ? Who doubts it for an instant?
Suppose England should capture two, three,
ay, four districts of the State of Maine, could
not the other district clect a member to the
House?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLlTTLlfl. "Certainly," my friend
says, and I say c.ortainly. Very well. If Eng-
land should capture one district she would not
capture so many of your people as that you
could not elect a Legislature. If she captured
two districts you could still elect a Legislature ;
for there are about one hundred and fifty mem-
bers in the lower House of the Legislature of
Maine, and about thirty in each congressional
district. lf«tsho should capture two districts,
she would capture the people who elect sixty
members of the lower House. Suppose she
should capture four of your districts, then she
would capture the people of Maine who elect
one hundred and twenty of the members of the
lower House, and your one remaining district
which could electa member to the House of
Representatives, could not elect a Legislature,
and you could not elect a Senator. Why? Be-
cause you would not have a Legislature and
you eould not, elect one. So you could have a
Representative in the House when yon could
not have u Senator. Suppose you reverse the
order. Suppose that wo should recapture two
of those districts, you could not then elect a
majority of your Legislature. But suppose we
should recapture three out of the five, then
you eould elect a majority of your Legislature,
and you could go on and elect your !#nators.
The two districts remaining in the hands of
England could not send anybody to the House
of itcproscntatives while the other three eould.
The business of electing members to the 1 louse,
and of electing Senators, is entirely distinct
from each other.
Mr. SHERMAN. T should like to put a
question to my friend in the very ease stated
by him, and 1 think it is a fair one. Shall Con-
gress or the President determine the question
when the British supremacy censes so as to
enable the State to elect Senators?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will give an answer
to that question. It is just what 1 am coming
to. I undertake to say that Congress is to
judge, but each House for itself. The House
of Representatives is to judge when the district
is in a condition to elect a Representative and
the Senate has not a word to say about it.
Mr. BROWN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. If I am correct, I believe
the position which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin^ takes now is different fiom the position
which he has taken heretofore.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator refers to
a certain resolution that he introduced some
years ago that did not pass both Houses.
Mr. BROWN. I refer to a resolution which
expressly declared 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I supposed that the
Senator rose merely to ask me a question, and
not to enter into a long argument in relation to
that question. 1 understand that there was a
resolution passed through the Senate as a sub-
stitute- 
Mr. BROWN. Taking exactly the reverse
of the ground the Senator now takes, and for
which lie voted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator says that
I voted for the resolution which excluded these
States when in a state of insurrection from
electing anybody, and so I did.
Mr. BROWN. And which said that they
should not elect Representatives until they were
authorized to do so by act of Congress.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. That may
have been contained in that resolution, but that
does not change the principle, nor does it change
the force of the argument.
Mr. CLARK. And it does not change the
vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It does not change the
vote in relation to it. That might have been
a thing well to be done at that time. But I liave
been drawn of}' somewhat by this interruption
from the argument I had in my mind, and I will
return to it.
Now, I undertake to say that this is the true
position in relation to this question: the Sen-
ate judges when a State is in a condition to elect
a Legislature ; the House judges wheua district
is in a condition to elect a member of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I do not interrupt the
Senator, I should like to ask him another ques-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
an interruption, if it is precisely to the point 1
am arguing; but I do not wish to be drawn otf
on another point.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not, and the
question I propose to put is upon that very point.
Suppose that in the ease put by the Senator the
House was considering whether the third dis-
trict, of the State of Maine was in such a con-
dition, so freed from English supremacy, as to
elect a member; and suppose that the Senate
at the same time was considering whether the
whole State was in a condition to oleet Senators,
would there be any impropriety ill the two
Houses carrying on their investigation jointly,
with a view to enlighten each other by their
examinations andinvestigations? Would there
be anything wrong in each House, each being
the exclusive judge of the separate subject, as
slated by the Senator, to postpone action until
the joint examination and joint investigation
should bring the two Houses to a common, eon-
current, view?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend from Ohio
is now putting a very different question from
the one that, is before us.
Mr. KESSENDEN. That is the very qnes-
"Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, it is not. This
resolution speaks of the right of the House.
The Senator from Ohio speaks of the propri-
ety of joint action. I am not discussing that
now. If, for instance, a resolution were intro-
duced declaring that Tennessee was entitled to
her representation, and you should ask pie to
vote for it in the Senate, I would vote for it,
although it were a joint resolution, though 1
would not, think it at all necessary for me to
vote for it in order to pass upon the question
as to the right of Senators from that State to
seats in this body. But what you propose is
to declare that we shall not do it until the
House shall act. Suppose the two Houses dis-
agree ; suppose the Senate believe that Ten-
nessee is in a condition to entitle her to rep-
resentation in this body, and suppose the House
believe that she is not, and decide otherwise,
what are you going to do about it ? I f we be-
lieve that the State of Tennessee is in a con-
dition to clect a Legislature which can elect
Senators properly to this body, if a majority
of this body believe they are so entitled, and
the House say otherwise, shall we refuse to act
upon our belief iu reference to the admission
of our own members into this body? That is
the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say, certainly not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I agree with you.
If you talk about this thing as a mere matter
of courtesy, as a mere matter of propriety that
you wish to consult the opinion of the other
House about, that is another question; but when
you talk to me on the question of right, that
this body is to surrender its power to judge
over the right of membership in this body, and
the condition of States to elect members to this
body, I will repudiate it just as I repudiate the
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky, that
the President of the United States is to judge
for us when members shalltake their seats here.
When you speak of it as a matter of right, I
repudiate it as such.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not like to give way,
because there may be other gentlemen who de-
sire to speak on this subject, and I believe itis
understood that we are to take the vote at six
o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. It will take but a moment.
Suppose that the Senate was to divide into two
bodies, each body claiming to be the proper
Senate, would it not devolve upon the President
of the United States to recognize which was
the Senate ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not a supposable
ease that the Senate may propose to go into
revolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Such cases have happened in
Slate Legislatures.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, Mr. President, to
come back to the case of Tennessee, the mass of
the people of the eastern part of the State of
Tennessee have been as loyal as the people in
many of the northern States; tlicv have suf-
fered as much ; they have fought as well for the
Union, and there arc certainly two or three dis-
tricts in that. State just as loyal as districts in
Missouri, districts in Kentucky, districts in Ma-
rl) land, and even districts in some of the States
further north than those States. Those dis-
tricts may be entitled to representation, even
if, on examination by our Judiciary Committee,
it should be found that the State of Tennessee
generally has been so overcome by the rebel-
lion, so distracted by the civil war, that the
people are not in a condition to elect a Legis-
lature at all, and Tennessee might be entitled
to have Representatives from some of her dis-
tricts when she would not be entitled to have
a Senator on this floor; and so it might occur
vice, versa.
The only argument I have ever heard that
bears against this position is the argument to
be drawn i'rom the act of Congress of 18(>1;
which authorized the President to declare these
States in insurrection. That act, on its face did not
shut us off from political intercourse with those
Slates. The act on its face simply cuts off com-
mercial intercourse, and cuts off'that commer-
cial intercourse just so far as the President in
his judgment shall deem it necessary as a new
war power and a measure of war to compel
those Slates to obedience to the Constitution.
Ilow can any man contend that, this actof 1861,
which 1 have before me, was intended to cut
off political intercourse ? After reciting the con-
ditions upon which the proclamations should
issue, it declares:
" Then and in such case it may and shall be lawful
for the President, by proclamation, to declare that
tho inhabitants of such State, or any section or part
thereof where such insurrection exists, are in a state of
insurrection against the United States: and there-
upon all commercial intercouuc by and between tho
same, and the citizens thereof, and tho citizens of the
rest of tho United States shall cease and be unlawful
so lonsr as such condition of hostility shall continue;
and alt goods," Ac.,
passing from one section to the other are liable
to be confiscated. Now, what is conclusive
evidence that there was no intention to cut us
off from political intercourse from Tennessee
is the fact that Mr. Johnson, then a Senator
from Tennessee, representing the State of Ten-
nessee in this body, voted for this very act. I
have befox-e me the vote that was taken on the
passage of this act. The gentlemen who voted
for it were—
" Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Col-
