1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
[Mr. Davis] as being verified by Mr. Carey,
and a statement made by the West India Asso-
ciation of Glasgow and other documents.
Mr. Bigelow, in his Notes on Jamaica, says:
"Shipping has deserted her ports, her,magnificent
plantations of sugar and coffee are running to weeds,
her private dwellings are falling to decay, the com-
forts and luxuries which belong to industrial pros-
perity have been cut off, onoby one, from her inhab-
itants; and the day is at hand wben there will bono
one left to represent the wealth, intelligence, and
hospitality for which tho Jamaica planter was once
so distinguished."
The same writer, on page 53, says:
"It is difficult to exaggerate, and yet more difficult
to define, the poverty and industrial prostration of
Jamaica. The natural wealth and spontaneous pro-
ductiveness of the island are so great that no one can
starve; and yet it seems as if the faculty of accumu-
lation were suspended. All the productive power of
the soil is running to waste; tho finest land in tho
world may bo had at any price, and almost for the
asking; laborreceivesno compensation, and the prod-
uct of labordocs notseem to know the way to market.
Families accustomed to wealth and every luxury have
witnessed the decline of their incomcs until now, with
undiminished estates, they find themselves wrestling
with poverty for the commonest necessaries of life.''
And on page 54 he says:
"Since the year 1833.when the British slave eman-
cipation act was passed, the real estate of the island
has been rapidly depreciating in value, and its pro-
ductiveness hasbecn steadily diminishing to its pres-
ent comparatively ruinous standard."
And on page 55 the same writer gives us a
table, which he says is from official returns,
showing the amount of exports for three years
previous to the emancipation act with the ex-
ports for three years preceding the month of
October, 1848. He then adds that—■
"By this contrast it appears that during the last
three years the island has exported less than half the
sugar, rum, or ginger, less than one third the coffee,
less than one tenth the molasses, and nearly two mil-
lion pounds less of pimento than during the throe
years which preceded tho emancipation act."
And on pages 62 and 63 of the same author
we have this statement:
" The value of fixed property—sugar estates—before
emancipation was estimated at £20,000.000 sterling,
but that the same property then could not be sold
for more than £600,000 sterling."
Mr. Speaker, can any gentleman suppose,
with this exhibition of facts before him, that
the former slave States will, at any time for
generations to come, be $ble to pay one half the
amount of revenue that they would have done
if their system oflaborliad not been destroyed?
If so, I confess it is more than I can do. But,
sir, whatever the deficiency may be, it must be
clear to every one that those who did not own
slaves will each one have to pay their propor-
tionate part to make up that deficiency.
But, sir, admitting that what I have said is
true, the great question of what is the best
course for us to adopt under the present state of
affairs, still presses itself upon us and demands
our serious and earnest consideration.
Sir, it is the duty of all patriots to take facts
as they exist, and make the best out of them
that we arc able to do, without regard to party
considerations. We all know that we were
once the most happy and prosperous people
upon this globe. We also know that that is
not the case now, but that our happiness and
prosperity as a nation is, to say the least of it,
greatly diminished. What, then, I ask, is neces-
sary for us to do in order again to bo prosper-
ous and happy? I know, sir, that some plain,
common-sense people would think the question
easily answered, and that all we have to do
would be to retrace our action and return to
the condition wc were in when we were pros-
perous before, with all the laws and customs
that we then had, and we would be so again.
But, sir. these people forget that politicians
are now.ruling and leading the people of the
United Stites, and their minds are filled with
the ideas of progress and reform, and that
although these progressions and reforms may
bo alone for the sake of maintaining a particu-
lar party, ;^t rather than acknowledge that
they have failed in their attempts at reforma-
tion, they will press forward to something in
advance, even if they bring ruin upon all. Now,
sir, under this state of case the people will
have to regard all that has been done as fixed
facts, at least for a time, and look to these
facts as they now exist, and make the best we
can of them.
Mr. Speaker, I affirm that in my judgment
one of the most important things that can now
be done in order to restore this Government
and give confidence to the people in its justice
and integrity, is for those who are now con-
trolling it to pay all loyal persons for all the
property of every kind that has been taken
by the Government or its agents in order to
enable it to put down the rebellion. Sir, no
man can have confidence in the justice or
integrity of a Government when he knows that
it has taken the proceeds of his hard earnings,
and then delays or refuses to make just com-
pensation in some way. Sir, a very large
number of loyal men in these United States
have had property of different kinds taken
from them, and in many cases it was property
upon which they mainly depended for a sup-
port, and yet payment is withheld or refused.
Now, sir, what effect is this course to have
upon the minds of the people ? Does not every
gentleman know that if the Government fails
to pay the citizen his just claims, and at the
same time forces these same citizens to pay
taxes to support these men in office, that it
will have a tendency to alienate the minds of
the citizens and all love for the Government
or its stability will bo destroyed? Sir, what
other course could be adopted that would be
so well calculated to bring on a repudiation of
the entire debt,, and thus to prostrate and de-
stroy the credit and honorof this nation? Sir,
only a few days since there was a proposition
made in this House by an honorable member,
[Mr. Lawrence, ofOhio,] to amend the Consti-
tution so as to prohibit the payment by the
Government or by the States for slaves (hat had
been emancipated by it. Now, sir, why is such
an amendment as this asked? Surely if the
Constitution and laws of our country give no
claim to those who formerly owned these slaves,
such an amendment is entirely useless, and if
the mover of the proposition had not thought
that these people had a claim founded upon
the Constitution and laws he would not have
proposed such an amendment.
If, then, these people have this claim, and to
avoid it this amendment is sought and forced
upon these people without their consent, I ask,
sir, will notthis.be repudiation, so far as it goes,
of the deepest dye, and what other effect do
gentlemen suppose that such a measure can
have upon the minds of the people except to
alienate them from the Government and pre-
pare them to vote for the repudiation of tho
whole debt of the United States? Sir, I warn
gentlemen, if they do not desire such a repu-
diation, to stop in their wild and mad career
and to cease their efforts to force their peculiar
views upon the people.
Sir, let us imitate the noble example set us
by our President; let us unroll the Constitu-
tion, as ho has done, and be governed by it;
let us open the doors of this House to the Rep-
resentatives duly elected and qualified from all
the States ; let each State regulate and control
their own affairs in their own way, subject to
the Constitution and laws of the United States.
This, sir, in my judgment, is tlie only way that
we can ever have a restored Union. We may
have a Government kept together by military
power, but it will not in that way ever give (is
a lestored Union.
Mr. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor.
Mr. KBLLKY. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shei.laeakger] permit me to ask
one or two questions of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Sir. Hitter] which he stated his
willingness to answer after he should have con-
cluded his speech?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If I knew how
much time it would take I might be willing to
yield.
Mr. KELLEY. It will not take five minutes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. _ If it will not take
more than five minutes, I will yield.
Mr. KELLEY. I will propound the first
question with the leave of'the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER.^ I will exercise my
right to resume the floor if I find that too
much time is to be taken.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the question
being put to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Ritter] unless he is allowed time to
reply.
Mr. KELLEY. He will have time. The
gentleman from Kentucky stated the assessed
value of the property of the slave States in
comparison with the assessed value of the prop-
erty of the free States. I want to inquire whether
that embraces the assessed value of the increase
of slave population from year to year.
Mr. RITTER. I believe the gentleman
asked that same question while I was upon
the floor, with the exception of the part in
regard to the increase of slave population. Of
course slaves were regarded as valuable, and
were required by the laws of the State to be
assessed at what they would bring in the market,
and were taxed as property.
Mr. KELLEY. I believe that branch of
manufactures did not appear in the list of
assessed property of the free States.
Mr. RITTER. Thilt has nothing to do with
the productions of the soil.
Mr. KELLEY. I wanted to point out the
distinction. The gentleman's calculation of
property was made by appraising the value of
each working man in the South at from three
hundred to one thousand dollars, and then cred-
iting him with a portion of that in the average
possession of property.
Now, I desire to ask-the gentleman whether
it be true, as he states, that all have been on an
equality in Jamaica. He stated that all, black
and white, were equal in Jamaica.
Sir. HITTER. I gave my authority for the
statement.
Mr. KELLEY. The right of suffrage there
is not possessed by one in ten of the pojjula-
tion; suffrage there is not as liberal as it is in
England.
As the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiella-
barger] wants the floor, I will forego the other
questions.
Mr. RITTER. I think any other day will
do just as well.
Mr. KELLEY. I will ask one other ques-
tion : if taxation with representation be the true
principle, and its disregard must lead to revo-
lution, ought not that principle to be applied
to the majority of the people of the two States
of South Carolina and Mississippi?
Sir. RITTER. The gentleman makes that
a matter of assertion.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman a
question. He argues that the correct princi-
ple is that taxation and representation should
be equal, and that the disregard of that prin-
ciple would justify revolution. Now, I ask
whether tho disregard of that principle in
regard to the majority of the people of the
two States of South Carolina and Mississippi
would in his judgment justify revolution?
Mr. RITTER. I am in favor of taxation
and representation going together. In South
Carolina they have always gone together, for
the people have all been represented.
Sir. KELLEY. The gentleman stated that
the census of 18G0 showed that there were
291,000 white people in South Carolina, and
412J000 colored people. Now, I ask whether
the principle which he regards as so sacred and
inviolable should be applied to that State, and
whether its disregard would in his judgment
justify revolution ?
Sir. RITTER. The gentleman forgets that
the people of the State of South Carolina and
tho other southern States have always been
represented in the State Legislature, and until
the last two or three years have always been
represented in Congress. He appears to have
the idea that there were some persons in that
section of the country who were not repre-
sented. ,
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentlemen, then,
mean that the person shall have no voice m
electing his representative, but that an oli-
garchy, an aristocracy, or a monarch "nay
