1865,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No. 46) for the relief of Henry M. Whittlesey;
which was read twice by its title, and, with the
accompanying papers, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 47) to amend an act supplementary to the
act approved July 1, 1861, for the disposal of
eoal lands and of town property in the public
domain; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
48) amending the act of Congress entitled "An
act to restrict the jui'isdiction of the Court of
Claims, and to provide for the payment of cer-
tain demands for quartermasters' stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States," approved July 4, 18G4;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 49) more effectually to provide for the'na-
tional defense by establishing a uniform militia
throughout the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs aud the Militia.
Mr. D00L1TTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 50) in relation to the Preedmen's Bureau ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 51) to incorporate the Potomac Navigation
and Transportation Company of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Me also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 52)
to provide for the defense of the northeastern
frontier; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
BOND OF PRINTING SUPERINTENDENT.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 7) for increasing the bond
of the Superintendent of Public Printing; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is a joint resolution,
to which, I presume, there will be no objection,
and it is important to the convenience of the
transaction of public business that it should be
passed as soon as possible; and if the Senate
is willing. I should like to have it put on its
passage now. A word of explanation, I pre-
sume, will satisfy them that it ought to pass.
If any Senator objects, I shall not press it
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joiijt resolution. As the amount of money
which can bo advanced to the Superintendent
of Public Printing under existing law is not
sufficient to enable him to meet the current ex-
penditures of his office, the resolution provides
that he shall be required to furnish a new bond
in the penal sum of SS(),000.
Mr. ANTHONY. The law now requires that
the amount of money furnished the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing shall be only two
thirds of his bond. His bond is $40,000. and
that enables him to have only 320,000 at a time,
which is found to be insufficient fur carrying on
the public business conveniently, and he has
been compelled to borrow money from time to
time upon his own responsibility, which of course
he has had no trouble in doing as it was for the
public service. This resolution doubles his
bond, which will allow $">2,000, two thirds the
amount of the bond, to be placed at his dis-
posal, and the security is the same as before.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading', was read the tliird
time, and passed.
REPORT ON INDIAN AEEAIRS.-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the following con-
current resolution, and if there be no objection,
I ask to have it considered now:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Ilouse of Representatives
concurring,) That the joint committee of the two
Houses appointed under a joint resolution at the last
session of Congress to investigate Indian affairs, have
liberty to make their report at any time during tho
present ses&ion of Congress.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Wisconsin, whether the
committee has not that leave without passing
this resolution authorizing it to report. I sup-
pose their report will be received at any time
they think proper to make it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It may be that that is
the rule, that we have leave to report at any
time during the session, but I have some doubts
about it. The committee suppose that their
power as a committee has ceased. It wa's a
joint committee appointed under a resolution
of the last Congress, and I suppose their power
ceased at the beginning of this Congress. That
is the reason why I offer this resolution, allow-
ing them this session in which to make their re-
port. The committee have been scattered all-
over the country, and have been unable to get
together to make any report.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE MOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the resolutions
reported by the joint committee appointed to
consider and report by what token of respect
it may bo proper for Congress to express the
deep sensibility of the nation on the occasion
of the death of the late President, Abraham
Lincoln.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (11.
R. No. 4) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Lincoln,
widow of the late President of the U nitecl States,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
ENROLLED BILL STONED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (II. 11. No. 35) making appropri-
ation for refurnishing and repairing the Presi-
dent's House; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore of the Senate.
SECURITY OF FREED3IEN.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to give notice
that I shall to-morrow, or on some early day
thereafter, ask leave to introduce a bill to en-
large the powers of the Preedmen's Bureau so
as to secure freedom to all persons within the
United States, and protect every individual in
the full enjoyment of the rights of person and
property and furnish him with means for their
vindication. In giving this notice I desire to say
that it is given in view of the adoption of the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery.
Whatevery diversity of opinion there may be
as to the actual adoption of that amendment at
this time in consequence of the abnormal con-
dition of the Legislatures in some of the States
which have ratified it, there can Iwno question
that it will soon receive the ratification of a
sufficient number of States, and probably be-
fore there will be time to take action on this
bill, to place its validity beyond question. I
have never doubted that, on the adoption of
that amendment, it would be competent for
Congress to protect every person in the United
States in all the rights of person and property
belonging to a free citizen; and to secure these
rights is the object of the bill which 1 propose
to introduce. I think it important that action
should be taken on this subject at an early day
for the purpose of quieting apprehensions m
the minds of many friends of freedom lest by
local legislation or a prevailing public senti-
ment in some of the States persons of the Afri-
can race should continue to be oppressed aud
in fact deprived of their freedom, and for tho
purpose also of showing to those ajnong whom
slavery has heretofore existed that uwess hy
local legislation they provide for the real free-
dom of their former slaves the Federal Gov-
ernment will, by virtue of its, own authority, jsee
that they are fully protected.
The bill which 1 desire to introduce is in-
tended to accomplish these objects.- I tope
there may be nb necessity for enforcing such a
bill in. any part of the Union; but X consider
that under the constitutional amendment Con-
gress is bound to see that freedom is in filet
secured to every person throughout the Ian3;
he must be fully protected in all his rights -6f
person and of property; and any legislation or
any public sentiment which deprives any hu-
man being in the land of those great rights of
liberty will be in defiance of the Constitution,
and if the States and local authorities; by legisla-
tion or otherwise, deny these rights, it is incum-
bent on us to see that they are secured.
NUMBERS OF TIIE REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, aud agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
report forthe information of the Senate what number
of men are now in service in the regular Army, what
number of officers are holding commissions, where
said officcis aie stationed, and what duty tliey are
performing; said report to include the cavalry, ar-
tillery, and infantry regiments, and to set forth tho
number of men and officers in each company, battery,
and regiment.
NUMBER OF VOLUNTEER GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be directed to
state for the information of the Senate how many
major gonerals and brigadier generals of volunteers
are nowin service, whore they are stationed, and what
duties they are performing.
DISLOYAL CITIZENS IN MEXICO.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President he requested, if not in-
compatible with the public service, to communicate
te the Senate any information in possession of the State
Department or any other Department of the Govern-
ment, in resard to any plans to induce into tho so-
called Mexican empire all.dissatisfied citizens of the
United States with a view to organize them to create
disturbances in the United States, and especially in-
formation in regard to the plans of Dr. William M.
Gwin and M. F. Maury, lately citizens of tho United
States, and in regard to tho action taken by tho Gov-
ernment to prevent the success of such schemes.
ADJOURNMENT FOR TIIE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take np for con-
sideration the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives proposing an adjournment over the
holidays.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Re-olved, (the Senate concurring.) That when tho
two Houses of Congress adjourn on Wednesday tho
20th instant, they adjourn to meet on Tuesday the
9th of January next.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose that to meet the
views of the Senate some modification of that
resolution will bo necessary, and it is impor-
tant that it should be settled one way or the
other this morning. 1 move to amend it by sub-
stituting the -'1st instant as the day of adjourn-
ment instead of the 20th, and the 3d of Janu-
ary as the da) of reassembling instead of the iJtli.
"Mr. IIENlDRICKS. I have no objection to
the first change proposed, but I have to the
last, and I move to amend the amendment by
substituting the 5th of January for the 3d, as the
day of reassembling. The adjournment over is
for such a length of time that many of us from
the West may desire to go lrome, and if we re-
main over New Year's day it will be impossible
to get back here again on the 3d of January. I
do not want to start back again on New Year's
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from.
Indiana to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
