4022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
July 23,
condition of sale, in the absence of necessary legisla-
tion by CJongross, the local Legislature of any State
or Terrritory may provide rales for working mines,
involving easements, drainage, and other necessary
means to their complete development; and those
conditions shall be fully expressed in the patent.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted > That whenever any
adverse claimants to any mine located and claimed
as aforesaid shall appear before the approval of the
survey, as provided in the third scetion of this act, all
proceedings shall bo stayed until a final settlement
and adjudication in thecourt-sof competent jurisdic-
tion of the right of possession to such claim, when a
patent may issue as in other cases.
Sec. 7. Andhe it further enacted, That the President
of the United States be, and is hereby, authorized to
establish additional land districts, and to appointthe
necessary officers under existing laws, wherever he
ma^ deem the same necessary for the public con-
venience in executing the provisions of this^act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enactcd, That the right of
way for the construction of highways over public
land, not reserved for public uses, is hereby granted.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever,
by priority of possession, rights io the use of water
for mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other
purposes, have vested and accrued, and the same are
recognized and acknowledged by tho local customs,
laws, and the decisions of courts, the possessors and
owners of such vested rights shall be maintained
and protected in the same; and the light of way for
the construction of ditches and canals for the pur-
poses aforesaid is hereby acknowledged and con-
firmed: Provided, however, That whenever, after the
passage of this act, any person or persons shall, in
the construction of any ditch or canal, injure or
damage the possession of any settler on the public
domain, the party committing such injury or damage
ehall bo liable to the party injured for such injury or
damage.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That wherever,
prior to the passage of this act, upon the landshere-
tofore designated as mineral lands, which have been
excluded from survey and sale, there have been
homesteads made by citizens of the United States,
or persons who have declared their intention to be-
come citizens, which homesteads have been made,
improved, and used for agricultural purposes, and
upon which there have been no valuable mines of
gold, silver, cinnabar, or copper, discovered, and
which are properly agricultural lands, the said set-
tlers or owners of such homesteads shall have a right
of preemption thereto, and shall be entitled to pur-
chase the same at the price of SI 25 per acre, and in
quantity not to exceed one hundred and sixty acres;
or said parties may avail themsclvesof the provisions
of the act of Congress approved May 20,1862, enti-
tled "An act to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public donain/5 and acts amendatory thereof.
Skc. 11. And be it further enacted, That upon the
survey of the lands aforesaid, the Secretary of the
Interior may designate and set apart such portions
ot tho said lands as are clearly agricultural lands,
which lands shall hereafter bo subjcct to preemption
and sale as other public lands of the United States,
and subject to all the laws and regulations applicable
to tho same.
Amend the title by striking out the words " in the
States of California, Oregon, and Nevada" andinsert-
ingin lieu thereof the words "andforothcrpurposes."
Mr. KASSON. Does the gentleman insist
on the previous question?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I do.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the previous question
will be voted down. This bill is an outrage,
a wholesale abandoning by the nation of its
authority and duty respecting its vast mineral
domain.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 25; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Ashley of Nevada,
and Mr. Julian.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 12; no quorum voting.
The previous question, by unanimous con-
sent, was considered as having been seconded.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering tho main question.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
Mr. JULIAN moved that there bo a call of
the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
39, noes 43.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion
that there bo a call of the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
23, noes SO; no quorum voting.
Mr. JULIAN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 67, not voting
85; as follows :
T EAS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Davis,Dawes, Daw-
son, Defroes, Donnelly, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Finck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Abner
C. Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Latham, William Law-
rence, Loan, Niblaek, Nicholson, Nocll.Orth,William
H. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Boss, Schenck.Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, DelosR.
Ashley, Baker, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Brooin-
all, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Dawes,
Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hulburd,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Ketcham, Kelley, Iioont«, Lynch,
McClurg, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhcad, Mor-
rill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Plants, Price, Alexander H. Riee, Rollins,
Sawyer, Stevens, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert 1. Van Horn,
Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and
Wright—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Cbanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Cul-
ver,Darling, Delano, Deming, Deuison, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eklridge, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hayes, Henderson,
Hill, Ilogan, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin N.Hubbell, James R. Hub-
bell. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Kuykendall,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear,
Marshall. Marston, Marvin, MeCullough, Mcl ndoe,
Mcliee, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Sco-
field, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson, Warner, Eiiha B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, W elker, Whaley,
Williams, and Winfield—85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs, Shall
the main question be now put? on which no
quorum has voted.
Mr. JULIAN. I appeal to the House to
allow me thirty minutes to explain the hill. I
ask it as a matter of justice, on a great meas-
ure which proposes to revolutionize our whole
land policy.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, and Mr. Mc-
RUER* objected.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the House will, by
unanimous consent, allow another half hour
on the other side. I hope no one from the
mineral district will object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not desire to
object, but I submit a proposition. I think this
bill can be explained in less than half an hour.
If the objections are stated, I think the House
can understand the provisions of the bill. If
half an hour is required, I think we ought to
have a session this evening in order to clear the
Speaker's table. Business on the Speaker's
table has been accumulating for about a week,
and we ought to get rid of it. Much of it will
require but little time to dispose of, and it seems
to me we ought not to be asked to allow an
hour's discussion.
Mr. JULIAN. Say twenty minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest ten min-
utes, or at most fifteen.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to more than
twenty minutes being occupied; ten minutes
on each side.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to al-
lowing ten minutes on each side?
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest that a
recess be taken till half past seven o'clock.
If we do that I think we can adjourn early
next week, by getting this business oif the
Speaker's table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
On ordering the main question there were—
ayes 58, noes 36.
Mr. McRUER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. A quorum has voted.
Mr. McRUER. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. JENCICES. I renew it.
Mr. J ULIAN. I move the House adjourn.
On the motion to adjourn there were—ayes
45, noes 48.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. JULIAN. Tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
'agreeing to the Senate's amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the House to allow mo
ten minutes.
Mr. HIGBY. I will not object, provided
the same time is allowed to the other side.
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the bill and
amendment on the table; and on that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman withdraw
the motion a moment to allow me to ask leave
of absence?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
leave of absence.
Mr. ORTH asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Washburne.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Demikg.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 49, noes 39;
and thereupon (at four o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under tho
rule and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of M. W. Davis,
and 50 others, citizens of Westminster, county of
"Windham, Vermont, praying for increased duties on
wool.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 23, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
officers op the navy.
Mr. GRIMES. Senate bill No. 269hasbeen
returned from the House of Representatives
with two or three amendments; and with a view
to act upon them I move that the bill be now
taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
269) to define the number and regulate the
appointment of officers in the Navy, and for
other purposes.
The amendments of the House of Represent-
atives were read, as follows:
Strike out all of section one after the word " war,"
in line eleven, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
And who possess the highest professional qualifi-
cations and attainments. And nothing in this act
shall preclude the advancement in rank now author-
ized by law for distinguished conduct in battle or for
extraordinary heroism: And provided further, That
nothing in this act nor in the fourteenth section of
the act approved July 16,1862, entitled "An act to
establish and equalize the grade of line officers of the
Navy," shall be so construed as to prevent the Sec-
retary of the Navy from promoting to tho grade of
rear admiral, on the retired list, those commodores
who have commanded squadrons by order of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, or who have performed other
highly meritorious services.
In section two, strike out in line three the words
"ten" and "twenty" and insert "twenty" and
fifty," and in line three of section two strike out
"forty" and insert "seventy-five."
_ In section three, line ten, insert, after tho word
'act," the words "provided they shall find that
number who are suitably qualified therefor."
At the end of section three, add:
And any volunteer officers attached to vessels at
sea or on foreign stations may be appointed to the
regular Navy, subject to the conditions contained in
this section, after their return to the United States.
In section four strike out lines five and six, as fol-
lows: until their places can be supplied by grad-
uates from the Naval Academy."
Mr. GRIMES. The only material amend-
ment that is made to the bill by the House of
Representatives is to double the number of
volunteer officers authorized to be introduced
into the regular Navy from those who served
during the war. The first long section is only
to put in more appropriate language, as it was
believed by the House of Representatives, the
same provisions that were contained in the
original bill as sent to them.
