1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4025
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa whether this bill has
any provision increasing the pay or emoluments
of the officers of the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 make the inquiry be-
cause by some bill that we passed without con-
sideration, it appears, without our knowing it,
their pay was increased; and I am desirous to
know whether this bill in any way provides for
any further increase.
Mr. GRIMES. It does not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
to the bill by the House of Representatives.
The amendments were concurred in.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition
of 0. N. Cutler, of Hannibal, Missouri, pray-
ing for compensation for property taken from
him for the use of the Army of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presented on Saturday
the memorial of Sylvester Mowry, praying for
remuneration for losses sustained by him in
negotiating drafts on the Assistant Treasurer at
New York, in 1861, while United Slates and
California boundary commissioner, which I see
in the Globe was laid on the table. The Jour-
nal was not read this morning so that I do not
know how it stands there. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. RIDDLE, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 272) to authorise the corporation
of Washington to reduce the width and im-
prove the avenues and streets of that city, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of John McNally and others,
employes around the President's House and
grounds, praying for compensation for extra
services rendered during the administration
of President Lincoln, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the descendants of Joseph Sherman,
an officer of the Rhode Island troops during the
revolutionary war, praying for compensation
for supplies furnished to the. American Army
in the year 1778, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
soldiers' orphans' pair building.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 191) relating to
the building lately occupied for a national fair,
in aid of the orphans of the soldiers and sail-
ors of the United States, have directed me to
report itbaclcwithout amendment, and recom-
mend its passage, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee on the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
It proposes to appropriate the building re-
cently occupied for the national fair in aid of
the orphans of the soldiers and sailors of the
United States, with the materials of which it
is composed and the tools used in its construc-
tion and necessary to keep it in repair, to the
use of the directors of the National Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphans' Home, for an additional
fair in aid of the orphans, and for such other
purposes as may be deemed expedient and
proper by the directors in furtherance of the
national charity in aid of which the Oi'plians'
Homo has been organized; and provides that
the building be allowed to stand upon its pres-
ent site, at the corner of Pennsylvania avenue
and Seventh street, in the city of Washington,
for the uses stated, until May, 1867.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
evening session.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
have an evening session, beginning at half past
seven o'clock, for the purpose of considering
business from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Name the hour when
the recess shall commence.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will say that the Sen-
ate, at half past four o'clock, take arecess until
half past seven.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend from
Michigan whether on the whole that is expedi-
ent. We do not know now when we shall ad-
journ. The motion of the Senator goes upon
the idea that we are to adjourn immediately.
If we are not to adjourn immediately, why
should we sit in the evening?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senate will give
me the day to-morrow for the purpose of con-
sidering business from the Committee on Com-
merce I shall be satisfied.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that at half past four o'clock to-day the Senate
take a recess until half past seven for the pur-
pose of considering business reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will add to my motion
that no other business shall then be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
whether he had not better leave blank the time
for taking the recess, so as simply to provide
that we shall meet this evening at half past
seven. We may not wish to close our session
at half past four; we may wish to go on with
the business then before us, and therefore I
suggest that we had better not fix the hour at
which the rccess shall commence.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I move that
we meet, then, at half past seven.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope the
hour for the recess will be fixed for half past
four o'clock, so that we can go and get our
dinners and know when to come back.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some bill may be pend-
ing at that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is, let us take a
recess, and not have a squabble about it at that
time.
Mr._ CHANDLER. Very well; I insist on
my original motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is, that the Senate take a rccess at half
past four o'clock to-day until half past seven
o'clock in the evening, then to consider busi-
ness from the Committee on Commerce exclu-
sively.
The motion was agreed to.
union prisoners or war.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 190) in regard to rations of Union soldiers
held as prisoners of war, to report it back with
an amendment, and I should like to have it
put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is in these words:
Whereas, by general order of the War Department
of February 14,1862, rations to Union soldiers hold as
prisoners of war in the rebel States were commuted
at a cost price during the period of their imprison-
ment; and whereas si large number of the said pris-
oners have been paid under said order, but many
equally worthy with them, and who have suffered in
rebel prisons, have not been so paid : Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Scnateand House of J'eprescntn-
tive; of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That allUnion soldiers \rho were held as prison-
ers of war in the rebel Slates, and who have not
received any commutation of rations at a cost price
during the period of their imprisonment: Provided,
That no person who has sold or transferred any in-
terest in the claim forcommutation shall be benefited
by this resolution, and no purchaser or assignee of
such claim or interest shall be benefited by this reso-
lution; and that such commutation be paid out of
any money in tho Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The nmeudmcnt reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs was to strike out all of the
resolution after the resolving clause, and in
lieu of the words stricken out to insert the
following:
.That all United States soldiers, sailors, and ma-
rines who were held as prisoners of war in the rebel
States shall be paid commutation of rations at cost
prices during the period of their imprisonment: Pro-
vided, That no person who has sold or transferred any
interest in tho claim for said commutation, nor any
purchaser or assignee of such claim or interest shall
be benefited by this resolution; and the amount of
such commutation shall be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
resolution, as it came from the House, starts
with the idea of doing something and docs not.
There is an error in it which we have corrected
by this amendment.
"The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was-
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the resolution read a
third time. The resolution was read the third
time and passed.
GOVERNMENT WATEK-PIPES.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and (Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 776)
in relation to unlawful tapping of Govern-
ment water-pipes, to report it back without
amendment, and ask for its present consid-
eration. I will simply state that it is a sim-
ple measure which is necessary to be passed
in order to protect the water-pipes that supply
the Capitol. They are in danger of being cut,
and there is some police regulation necessary.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It de-
clares the unlawful tapping of any water-pipe
laid down in the District of Columbia by au-
thority of the United States a misdemeanor and
an indictable offense; and any person who may
be indicted for and convicted of that offense m
the criminal court of the District of Columbia
is to be subject to such fine as the court may
think proper to impose, not exceeding $500,
or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
one year; and it is made the special duty of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings to bring to
the notice of the attorney of the United States
for the District of Columbia or to tho grand
jury any infraction of this law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. *"
circuit court in west virginia .
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
J udiciary, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 133) to change the place
of holding the terms of the circuit court for
the district of West Virginia, have directed me
to report it back with an amendment; and as
it will take but a moment to dispose of it, I
ask for its present consideration. It merely
changes the place of holding a court.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was to insert in line four, after the
words "West Virginia," the words "hereto-
fore hold at Lewisburg, in the county of Green-
brier;" so that the joint resolution will read;
Resolved, &c., That the terms of the circuit court
for tho district of West Virginia, heretofore held at
Lewisburg, in the county of Greenbrier, shall Jauhere-
after held at the city of Parkersburg, at the time now
fixed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 4-1-0 to reorganize and fix the pay of cer-
tain officers of the Post Office Department;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
