1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103;
hold, this alleged power of excluding them who
have renounced their citizenship from the
exercise of its powers, still I do not favor such
exclusion against the mass of the common peo-
ple, unless it shall appear that they continue
incorrigibly disloyal, and insubordinate to our
Government and laws. I only inquire now as
to the power. The manner and extent of its
employment will be a matter for the high, sol-
emn, and most cautious exercise of the wisdom
and discretion of Congress; to be done with
due regard to the nature of ours as a popular
Government resting upon the will of the loyal
citizens, but also with regard to the perpetuity
and safety of the Republic.
What makes the inquiry upon which I now
enter, as to the right to exclude the disloyal
from citizenship and from voting, of such vital
moment just now is the sad fact that in at least
ten of these States there is the highest reason
to fear that more than half the white inhabit-
ants desire the destruction of this nation.
The people could not learn a fact, so utterly
unnatural and appalling, until each household
spelled it out, letter by letter, line by line, for
itself. But the nation did learn it at last, when
every family had read it in the marble features
of its own slain—
" For there was not a house in which there was not
one dead."
To again refuse to believe it as we did before,
and to decline again to act upon it as true is
only stark madness. For four years and a
half that almost entire people strove for that
destruction, with a ferocity of will which made
the purposes of Danton and Robespierre almost
timid, and with a cruelty of execution which
makes the "September slaughters of the
prisons'' almost mercy.
And now, when the grass has not yet cov-
ered the graves where sleep the victims of this
immense crime, and when, by no act, or speech,
or sign, the great mass of the authors of it
have even professed regrets for the past except
regrets for the failure, and when they avow
no new desires for the future, this nation must
either accept this most unwelcome fact of gen-
eral disloyalty or else the nation cannot live.
Mr. Speaker, has the Constitution, now that
actual war for the attainment of the nation's
destruction has been crushed but, deprived the
Grovernment of all power to accept this fact,
and to provide against the imminent peril to
the nation which it imports? To show that
the Constitution has not is the work of this my
hour.
To be fully and accurately apprehended, let
me state now what I am about to maintain
and what I shal! not maintain.
1 do not, think that the Federal Government
has any power to exclude by law any civilized
native of the United States from rights of
national citizenship who has not violated or
renounced his allegiance to the United States.
I do not maintain that any citizen can, by
any act of disloyalty or by discarding his alle-
giance, divest himself of the obligations of the
allegiance which he owes his country ; but, on
the contrary, 1 hold that he cannot.
I do not hold that the United States can
regulate the enjoyment of the elective fran-
chise in the organized States so as to prescribe
who, of them who are citizens, shall be per-
mitted to vote. I think the second section of
the first article of the Constitution gives this
power to the States.
What I do maintain and shall strive to es-
tablish is, that the United States is a supreme
nationality with the sovereign power usually
held by nations to define the obligations of
citizenship and demand the paramount alle-
giance of all its citizens in return for national
protection ; and that, in virtue of such sov-
ereignty, the nation has the power by law to
declare what gross, open, and palpable acts of
abjuration and abandonment of the obligations
of citizenship shall work a forfeiture of all the
political rights and powers of citizenship, in-
cluding the elective franchise: and may also
trescribe what shall be deemed sufficient evi-
ence of a return to true faith and allegiance
to his country such as to entitle him to demand
the rights of a citizen.
To attain the establishment of these I now
proceed.
THE UNITED STATES IS A NATION.
It is upon this sublime and simple law that
I lay the foundations of my argument.
Mr. Speaker, how strange has been the his-
tory of that law's enunciation and enforcement
in our country. Its absence from "the Con-
federation '' rendered that structure,which was
reared in the storms of war, utterly weak and
insecure, and at the end of the eighth year of
its existence prostrated it in ruiri. To remove
in the new Constitution this cause of the fee-
bleness and ruin of the old, was the very end
and purpose of the new one's formation. That
high purpose they who made it engraved into
its text in those vital words, "Shall be the
supreme law of the land.''
And then they set the purpose out again in
the tiara of stars with which they bound the
Constitution's brow, and made it read, "To
form a more perfect Union.''
This law, stated by Wheaton in the words,
" The United States is a supremo Government,
acting not only upon the sovereign members
of the Union but directly upon the citizens,"
was thus made self-evident as the very foun-
dation of the Government, both by the origin,
the text, and the preamble of the Constitution.
It was afterward affirmed by a thousand judg-
ments of the highest courts of the States and
of the nation. It was reannounced by the Gov-
ernment itself in the terrible dialect of war in
the suppression of three successive revolts
against that supremacy in the States of Penn-
sylvania, South Carolina, and Rhode Island.
It became impressed upon the Constitution's
history by the meanings assigned to it by
those who made it. The same thing was
enforced by the subsequent arguments of its
great expounders, among which stands one
—the reply to Hayne—unsurpassed by the
achievements of the human intellect, and which
has passed into undying history, the sole com-
panion of its only peer, "the oration upon
the Crown."
But, sir, after all these it was strangely, in
God's orders, reserved to this Government to
teach it to her children and the world in
emphasis which startled the human race.
This lesson, which they who made it had
thus written all over the Constitution, which
the Government had three times more indi-
cated by the accents of war, which for seventy
years the courts had been framing into decrees
and men had been illustrating with the best
eloquence of earth, is comprehended at last.
But, Mr. Speaker, it was only comprehended
when it was written *ln letters of mingled fire
"and blood—the fires of a war which swept
half a continent, and the blood of "the
mighty millions."
There it stands now, written, comprehended.
It is the judgment of by far the most august
court which ever sat for "high resolve," the
court of the mighty people ; and men com-
prehend at last that this is a nation with right
to live.
SELP-PEESERVATIOX A UXIVEHSAL RIGIIT AND DUTY
OF NATIONS.
The next element of my argument I bring
from the highest sources of public law; and
assert that " the right of self-preservation is not
only a right with respect to other States, but
a duty with respect to its own members, and
the most solemn and important one which a
State owes to them." (Wheaton, 115.) "'Every
nation is obliged to perform the duty of self-
preservation." (\ attel, s. p. 5.)
EVERY NATION IS ENTITLED TO THE MEANS OP SELF-
DEFKXSK.
Mr. Speaker, from the same high sources of
authority, I allege that—
"Since a nation is obliged to preserve itself, it has
a right to evciything neccssary for its preservation.
"Anation has a right to every-
thing that ean ward off imminent danger, and keep at
a distance whatever is capable uf causing its ruin ;
and from that vers' same reason that establishes its
right, it has also the right to the things necessary t
it*^ preservation."—Yattel, s. p. 6.
"This right of self-preservation necessarily xc
volves all other incidental rights as a means to giv
effect to the principal end."— Wheaton, 115.
_ As we proceed we shall see that these prin-
ciples, so evidently inherent in the very nature
of sovereignty, are both held and employed by
every independent State.
CITIZENSHIP IS A NATIONAL AND NOT A STATE QUAL-
ITY AND GIFT.
Let it bo next thoroughly established and
comprehended that in our Government there
is, properly speaking, no State citizenship, and
that, to adopt the language of the case of
Lynches. Clark, (1 Sanford R., 583,) citizen-
ship is " a national right or condition."
Chancellor Kent affirms the authority of this
case (2 Kent's Commentaries, s. p. 30, note)
when ho says:
"The question [of citizenship as distinguished from
alienage] is one of national and not of individual
[State! sovereignty."
" A State," says Judge McLean, " may authorize a
foreigner to hold real estate within its jurisdiction,
but it has no power to naturalize foreigners and give
them the lights of citizens. Such a right is opposed
to the acts of Congress on the subject of naturaliza-
tion and subversive of the Federal powers. I regret
that any countenance should bo given from this
bench to a practice like this in some of the States
which has no warrant in the Constitution."—19 How-
ard, 533.
"Every citizen ofthoTJnitcd States isacomponent
member of tho nation, with rights and duties under
the Constitution and laws of tho United States which
cannot be abridged by the laws of any particular
State." "Every person who is a citizen of the I! nir,ed
States, whether by birth or naturalization, holds his
great franchise by the laws of tho United States, and
above tho control of an}'particular State."—Opinion
of Attorney General Dates, of 29 th November, 18G2.
By such authorities as these I show this other
proposition of my argument, that by the very
essence and nature of sovereignty it is and
must be the nation, the supreme Government,
that determines who shall he members of the
nation's body-, its citizens, and whom it will
admit to demand its protection and enjoy its
powers.
NATURE AND RIGHTS OF CITIZENSHIP.
In order that the legal consequences which
flow from the fact that the nation bestows and
controls citizenship may be completely under-
stood, it is best now to look at the nature of
American citizenship.
Although this is a subject of great difficulty
in some of its aspects, yet it is in others of the
very easiest and most obvious comprehension
and statement.
In speaking of what privileges and powers
are included ill citizcnsliip, Mr. Calhoun says:
" But though we may not be obi e to say with pre-
cision what a citizen is, we may say with the utmost
certainty what he is not. He is not an alien. Alien
and ci*;zen are correlative terms, and stand in con-
tradistinction to each other. They, of couise, cannot
so exist."
The principle here alluded to by Mr. Cal-
houn, that he cannot be held to be a citizen
who does not owe, or who does not recognize
or render the obligations of a citizen, is more
fully expressed by Vattel (s. p. 108) in these
words:
" If the bodv of society or he who represents it
[the Government] absolutely fail to discharge their
obligations toward the citizen, the latter may with-
draw himself."
Now note what follows:
"For, if one of the contracting parties does not ob-
serve liis engagements, tho other is 110 longer bound
to fulfill his, as the contract is reciprocal between
society and its members. It is on the same principle
also that society may expel a member who violates
its laws."
Precisely the same thing in its legal effect is
stated by the Attorney General of the United
States in his opinion of the 29th November,
I8G2. His words are:
" The duty of allegiance and the right to protection
are correlative obligations, the one the price of the
other, and they constitute the bond between tuo
individual and his country."
Justice Blaekstone says:
" Allegiance is the tie or ligament "which "binds
every subject to be true and faithful to his sovereiga
in return lor protection which is afforded him."
It cannot be necessary further to enforce
a proposition which is asserted by plain and.
irresistible reason, by every authority of anji
