1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] That Senator lias
taken away all ground upon which I could have
relied for the purpose of showing that he did at
all in any way assent to the doctrine contained
in the resolution which I read yesterday. The
Chief Justice of the United States, I had a right
to suppose, if present when the resolution was
offered and adopted by the meeting, and hav-
ing addressed the meeting, must have had some
knowledge of the character of the resolutions.
But of course I must acknowledge my error,
on learning, as I now do, from the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that his
speech was made before the resolutions were
offered, and as I understand him—and his in-
formation is no doubt, I suppose, derived from
the Chief Justice—he never afterward saw the
resolutions until they were printed; did not see
them at the time the meeting was being organ-
ized or while the deliberations of the meeting
were being carried on. I had supposed, as a
matter of course, that a gentleman of his dis-
tinction attending a meeting of that description,
when resolutions of that sort were offered, could
not have been ignorant of their character.
What I said afterwards in which the honorable
member thinks I did gross injustice to the Chief
Justice, was founded entirely on the assump-
tion that he was the friend and advocate of the
doctrines of that resolution which I read; and
assuming that he was the friend and advocate
of that resolution, I said (and if the fact were so
I would repeat) that 1 did not see how he could
sit in judgment against a gentleman who had
only carried out the same doctrine. But if in
point of faet lie had no knowledge of the res-
olutions and did not approve of them, or if
when he came to the knowledge of them either
upon the ground or afterward he denounced
them, there would be no justice in imputing to
him the advocacy of such a resolution, or in
supposing that lie was placed in a situation in
which he would not be entirely free to sit in
judgment on Mr. Jefferson Davis or any man
situated in like position.
It did, I confess, surprise me when I read
the resolution, because I had always supposed
that the doctrines of the present Chief Justice
were Federal as far as the Constitution of the
United States was concerned. I had always
supposed from his antecedents that lie was more
of a disciple of the Hamilton than even of the
Madison school, and certainly more a disciple
of the Hamilton than of the Jefferson school. It
was therefore far from my purpose in what I
said yesterday, or in what I have said at any time
in the past, or shall say at any time in the
•future, to assail the Chief Justice of the United
States. There is no man who admires him
personally more than I do, or who has a higher
opinion of his ability. And if he will devote
himself to the duties of his high station—the
highest in my opinion in the gift of the Gov-
ernment—and think of nothing else, he will be
a worthy successor of whoever may have been
the brightest luminary of that tribunal hereto
fore.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President. I rise merely
to say that the reason why I did not speak of
Chief Justice Chase yesterday is that I was not
present while the Senator from Maryland was
speaking, and did not know what he had said
except so far as others reported it to me in
regard to myself; and if I had been here and
heard the whole of it, I had no knowledge of
the meeting referred to that would have enabled
me to explain the matter as my colleague has
now done. Otherwise when I was on the floor
defending myself I certainly should have de-
fended him if' I had known enough about the
ca,se to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I pro-
pose to detain the Senate but a few minutes;
and I regret very much that [ feel called upon
to do so. What I shall say will be confined to
the resolution before the body, and to the ac-
tion of the committee whose proceedings, after
what has been said, may need some comment
from me. I am very unwilling to detain the
Senate even for a short time, because I know
with what impatience, at such an hour as this,
Senators listen to remarks from anybody. They
are very much in the condition described in a
line of the old ballad called John Gilpin, which
was—
" The dinner waits, and wo are tired."
And I feel like adding, as John Gilpin did—
"And so am T."
Nevertheless, as the matter is before us, and
as after I have closed the Senate cannot be
tormented by anybody else, according to the
understanding, until after the vote is taken, I
may as well say what I have to say on the sub-
ject.
Mr. President, there was a little misunder-
standing between the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] and myself as to
what this resolution was. I disputed point blank
an assertion he made as to the effect of the reso-
lution. Now, in order that there may be no
misunderstanding about it, I ask, as I did in the
beginning of my remarks the other day, that
the resolution be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Be it rcsolo^d by the House of licpresentativcfi, (the
Senate concurring,) That in order to close agitation
upon a question which seems likely to disturb the
action of the Government, as well as to quiet the un-
certainty which is agitating the minds of the people
of the eleven States which have been declared to be in
insurrection, no Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into either branch ot Congress irom any of
said States until Congress shall have declared such
States entitled to such representation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ Now, sir, it will be ob-
served that the resolution does not declare that
neither body shall have the right to admit mem-
bers until Congress has made a declaration upon
the subject. There is nothing said about the
right in any way or in any terms. It is precisely
what I designated it to be the other day, a mere
legislative declaration of our opinion and de-
termination that, until Congress has declared
the State (whichever one it may be that is be-
fore us) to be in a condition to be represented
here, neither body will act upon the credentials
of members.
It will be noticed, and I say this in answer to
what has been said by the honorable Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Dixox] as well as the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
little,] that in no way does the resolution
touch the question, as commonly understood,
of the elections, qualifications, and returns of
members. It leaves that matter precisely where
it found it. It does not undertake to judge on
the subject or to investigate it; and,in accord-
ance with that idea, all the credentials which
have been laid before the body, instead of being
sent to the committee, have been simply laid
upon the table.
Now, Senators inquire, why will you deprive
yourselves of the power to do certain things?
The question of the admission of a member is
in the hands of a majority of the body. The
majority can control it always. It can do as it
pleases with reference to it. If a majority of
this body thinks that it is advisable that Con-
gress should first settle the question of the con-
dition of the States, whether the Slates have
placed themselves in a condition to send mem-
bers here, tliey have the unquestionable power
to lay those credentials on the table, and to
keep them there until that question has been
determined to their satisfaction. The Senate
having that power to lay these credentials on the
table and keep them there, is it a great stretch
of power, is it going beyond their jurisdiction,
to say that we will not take them from the
table—for it is the majority that is to deter-
mine the question of qualifications and every-
thing else—until both branches have come to
the conclusion that they shall be taken from
the table in each branch and be acted upon?
It is nothing but a legislative declaration of
the course wo intend to pursue with reference
to the credentials that have been laid on our
tabid, and I should like to inquire of anybody
whether we have not the perfect right to do it?
Even after we have done it. after we have made
that, legislative declaration—which 1 deem it
important to make, because I think the power
of Congress over the question of the condition
of these States has been questioned—we, as a
Senate, I concede, can, in' spite of this legis-
lative declaration, at any moment take them,
from the table and act upon them without ask-
ing the consent of the House of Represenfa-
tives, and the House can, on its own" side, in
spite^ of this resolution, if passed, take th& cre-
dentials of those claiming to be members "of
that House from its table and act. upon themif
it pleases. There is no question about that ;
and therefore this resolution is precisely what
I described it to be—nothing in the world but
a legislative declaration that we do not deem it
advisable, and do not mean, and do not intend,
to act upon the question of the admission of
individuals who come here claiming seats,
until Congress, both branches, shall have in-
vestigated and^ettled the question of the con-
dition of the States.
Now, sir, for one I am free to say if matters
should go so far as to show that either House
was acting unreasonably, willfully, from tem-
per, unjustly, so as to produce improper delay,
I should conclude that it was time to reverse
this action so far as this body was concerned.
The ground on which I put this resolution
originally—and Congress can at any time pass
a lawtothesame effect ifitpleases—was simply
that we owed it to ourselves that this matter
should be properly investigated, should be in-
vestigated by both branches, should be inves-
tigated in such a manner as to enable us to
come to a conclusion which should be satisfac-
tory, and that it had better be 'done by a joint
committee of both branches, because it would
be a very serious matter if one branch was to
come to one conclusion and admit members,
and the other branch was to come to the op-
posite conclusion and refuse to admit mem-
bers. Under the circumstances by which we
are surrounded, 1 have thought that Congress,
by the concurrence of both branches, should
first settle the question which lies at the foun-
dation. whether the States were in a condition
and had the right as well as the power (if you
choose to admit that) to send members here.
Gentlemen have not chosen to discuss that
question ; but how has this resolution been
met ? By the talk of my honorable friend from
Connecticut that wo refuse to act, and under-
take to commit to another body what is pecu-
liarly within our province. They have taken
it for granted that we had asserted that all the
Senate could do as a Senate acting separately
was to examine into the mere fact of elections
. and qualifications. That is a broad assertion.
Sir, nobody has pretended that the Senate had
not the perfect power and right by itself, when
it was looking into the question of the election
and qualification of members, to look and see
what was the authority under which they came,
what was the body which elected them, whether
that body was legally and correctly organized
and had a right to elect, and every question of
that description. I have not contended for
any such thing, nor has any Senator, to my
knowledge, contended for any such thing. All
we liave contended for was, that in the peculiar
circumstanccs of the country, with these great
questions pressing upon us. in view of the dan-
ger that a different conclusion might be arrived
at in one body from that reachcd in the other,
it would be advisable and sensible and proper,
and in fact I think it our duty, and have thought
so from the beginning, that both branches of
Congress should investigate the subject delib-
erately and fairly, and candidly come to a con-
clusion upon which both branches might agree,
and that preliminary question being settled,
then each branch should take up the question
of the individuals and examine into their elec-
tions and qualifications, and act upon that ques-
tion as it might bo presented.
That is the simple question before the coun-
try, and I do not wish it to be misrepresented
or misunderstood, for I was among the first men
that said I never would consent in any way to
put the credentials of our members, and the
riu'ht of individuals claiming seats in the Sen-
ate, into the hands of any oilier body. But
there is a great question which lies at the foun-
dation of the whole which should first be inves-
