1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3063
and spend the money at groceries. I think after I
have paid them so much they ought to treat me bet-
ter. I do not want anymore of the half-breed money
paid Jeseph Lionai&Eli Bedard, Charles Ruleoux,
August Trovercier, John B. La Plant, Bruno Con-
eyer, Theophile Bruginer, and Joseph Preoux. The
half-breeds that live with the Indians are poor, and
I want the money that has been paid the above-
named half-breeds retained hereafter and paid
over to the tribe toward supporting the poor half-
breeds with the Indians. According to the treaty
there is $20,000 belonging to the poor orphan children,
but I do not know what hasbccome of it. If the
white men should get their money again they would
spend it for whisky, and I want their shares of the
money stopped. The reason I am saying this is, the
white men and half-breeds, whom wedidnotprovide
for by treaty, arc displeased with us because we did
not give them a share of the money.
"Among our nations there are a great many tribes
come every year. Xho Tetons and others come down,
and sometimes steal horses, and then the white men
lay it to the Yanktons, and come to us to get p^y for
the stolen horses becausc we have got a treaty. They
came last fall with their claim for stolen horses to
the agent, and the agent showed it to the interpreter,
and he told the agent that the Indians wild stole the
horses did not belong to the Yanktons; and the
whites said if we had another interpreter they could
collect their claims. Our grandfather has given this
young man, Charles Pccout, a medal and made him
a chief.
"I am now done with the management of Agent
Kedfield and tlio half-breeds, and now commence
upon other matters."
This is a speech delivered before a sub-
committee of this House. So lie continues in
relation to these agents for some time. Next
day he takes up the case of Agent Burleigh.
I do not know whether it is the Delegate here.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Iam the person.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Strike the Bee
continues as follows:
"August 26.—My friend, yesterday we had a talk,
and to-day wo will commence with Mr. Agent Bur-
leigh's agency. My grandlather, Mr. Itcdlicld, the
first agent, did not tell mo the same things that my
grandfather told me, neither did Agent Burleigh, but
both of them told mo lies; they filled my belly with
lies. Everybody has got a copy of the treaty 1 made
with my grandfather, I suppose. I suppose you arc
sent by my grandfather to represent the great coun-
cil. lam here to represent my great council. The
money my grandfather sent me has been thrown
away. You know who threw it away, The guns,
ammunition, wagons, horses, and everything have
been thrown away. I can tell who threw them away.
The reason the whites have trouble with the Indians
is on account of the agents. When the goods corac
they are not according to the treaty. They never
fulfill the treaty. When the agent goes away he says
he is going to leave these things to be done by his
successor. When Agent Burleigh came ho made fine
promises of what he would do. I asked lor my invoice,
but ho would not let me have it; and I told him what
my grandfather told me. I think the agents arc all
alike. The agent puts his foot on mo as though I were
a skunk. And the agents are all getting rich and wo
are'getting poor.
"My friend, what I am telling you is the truth, and
whatl haveseen. What the agents have done in the
night, I cannot tell. That is the reason I am toll-
ing you this: I want you to report it to my grand-
father. I want to go to Washington; and I wish you
to do all you can with my grandfather to induce him
to lot me come there next winter. I want to see my
grandfather to ascertain how much money and goods
have been sent me, and that I may know how much
has been stolen, and who stole it. 1 would like to
have the agents therewith my grandfather when I
talk to him, that they may hear what 1 have to say.
If there was a Bible there for them to swear upon,
they could not swear that they had not stolen the
goods.
"My friend, I feel glad to see you; and if I could
see my grandfather I should feel better.
"When Burleigh brought the goods the first time
he put the goods on the bank of the river; and there
was one bale of line goods with them, and Burleigh
said the goods belonged to the Indians; and one of
my young men come and told me about the fine bale
of goods, and I went and examined it, and it was
fine goods, and would have made nice breech-clouts:
but wo received none of it, and don't know what
become of it. This was the second year Burleigh
was there. The first year Burleigh was there, Ked-
field brought and distributed the goods. The first
goods Burleigh undertook to bring there was the first
fall of his agency, but the goods were sunk. For my
part, I don't wish to hide anything. My friend, if
you had come to sec me. I could have gone into a
council-house with you, and could have said what I
wanted to say to you without ony one being round
to fill my ears. My friend, I know what matters you
want to inquire about. I think you arc the man to
try and do some good to my nation, and my heart
feels good. I do not speak a lie. They have got my
head so turned that I cannot say what I want to say
now, and I will stop now arid come and talk more
this afternoon.
"A steamboat arrived with our goods, and the goods
were put out; Burleigh said they were our goods,
and they were marked for us; there wore five boxes.
Thore were borne officers and soldiers there. The
boxes remained there on the bank until the next day.
At night somebody scratched the marks oil and put
on other marks. (This statement was witnessed by
Medicine Cow and Walking Elk.) They saw it done.
The soldiers told the Indians that the goods belonged
to the Indians. At another time Dr. Burleigh had
some calico for us, and he said he would take it to
his house so that the Indian girls could learn to sew.
My daughter went and made one dress, which was
given her for making it. Five or six Indian, girls
wont andsewed there and all got dresses. They were
two days there. After the young girls sewed two
days apiece and got a dress apiece, they never saw
anything more of the calico, and never got any more.
Another time Dr. Burleigh told us he had some
plows for us. After that I sawoneof them atBooge's
store. We never had any of them. I told Charles
Lamont's wife to take good care of that plow; that
the whites might come round and, seeing it, take it.
That is the way our property goes.
Dr. Burleigh ono time came to me and asked mo
to grant him a favor, and wanted mo to agree that
he should give a plow away, and I told him to do so;
I did not want to disagree with him; and then im-
mediately he came and wanted me to givo away an-
other, and I told him to do so; I did not want to dis-
agree with him."
The next day Medicine Cow speaks. It is
not an euphonious name, but still it is that
of an Indian chief. Medicine Cow spoke as
follows:
"I shall speak of Agent Burleigh. At one time
Dr. Burleigh told mc he was going to put some goods
away for the poor; some calico, scarlet cloth, Arc.
In the fall La Frambois, who has an Indian wife
and lives with the Two-Kettle band, came down to
get some goods; but the trader had none that he
wanted, and La Frambois then said he would go
below and get some goods to trade with the Indi-
ans ; but Dr. Burleigh told him not to go, and that ho
could have the blankets, calico, scarlet cloth, and all
kinds of cloth that had been kept for fall and for the
old and the poor. I told him it he paid for them I
could say nothing, and he took them and carried
them away. The next spring he camc back and I
asked him for the p y for the goods; there were
700 worth; but he said he could not pay for them,
as he had paid Dr. Burleigh for them. Then 1 took
the chiefs to Dr. Burleigh and told him to pay us tho
money he received from La Frambois for our goods;
but he said lie had got no money. There were plenty
of whites and soldiers about at the time.
" I am glad you arc here. You know the cause of
tho murders in Minnesota; if you do not, I do; the
agents were the cause. Our agent5* never give us
what our grandfather sends us. 3 think when tho
whites make an agreement with each other they do
a> they agree with each other. If the whites did as
they agree with the Indians, there would not be so
much difficulty. The agents bring goods, but do not
give them to us. "When the agent brought us money
we asked him to let us see it; but more than half was
carried back to the house and wc never received it.
One time he got and told us that he would keep it
until winter, but he never let us have it. The black-
smith won'twork for the common Indians, but works
for the chiefs and all white men. If the common
Indians go to him he will tell them to go away.
"I think all tho work Dr.Burleigh had done was done
for himself, lie purchased lots of cattlo and things.
When he camc there he only had a trunk, but now
he is high up—lich. Once in awhile I wont and
asked Dr. Burleigh about the money, and he saved
it for all the Indians, and wc did not get it.
" When agent Congor came thcio he and Dr. Bur-
leigh were together, and wc felt bad to sac him with
the new agent. Wo went and told Dr. Burleigh
that we wanted him to give us the money which he
had taken from us; but he would not. I told him if
he did not I would tell my grandfather when I went
to see him.
" 1 think a great many of our tribe have frozen to
death, and a great many have died of starvation.
When I was talking that way to Dr. Burleigh he said
he did not care what 1 said to hnn; that all up and
down the Missouri liver ail the big men and generals
were on his side. The reason I talk this way, the
Oovcrnorsaid I mustnottalkpo hard against ayoung
man. The doctor told mc 1 was against him. I an-
swered, 'Yes; you are always against the Indians;
>011 never try to do anything for us.'
"Another time Dr. Burleigh came and brought us
money, anil gave us two dollais in paper money
and some three and some one dollar, and wc don't
know what he did with the gold money, but wo want
to know, and we want to know if that is the way our
grandfather does with us. 1 think if they had asked
the young men to learn at school they would have
done so; they would willingly attend the school and
learn, but they have never had an opportunity.
For my part, I think the agents have been an injury
to us. When we moved hero we had to dig the ground
with our fingers. Wc have done as the whites told
us. When Buileigh told us to bo soldiers we became
soldiers; we burnt the dirt lodges, as he told us;
but we were not paid for being soldiers. We tried
hard to please the whites. We have often told the
same things to the big men before, but it made no
difference: but we are glad to see you and hope you
will do us some good. Onetime the doetoi (Buileigh)
came up and said he had got plenty of goods to keep
us all winter; that ho had four thousand sacks of
flour and plenty of blankets; but wo found out that
he was not telling the truth; he put it into tho store
and wc had to buy it. One time he told us he was
going to keep seven large boxes of goods (one con-
taining traps) for another time, to be distributed to
us; but wc never received any of these goods, except-
ing three of our young men cot three guns and three
suits of clothes as a reward for killing a Santee, and
that was all we got, I asked Burleigh to do right;
but Burleigh's interpreter would nottell him right.
I told him to get another interpreter. Things arc no
better now. Tho Dew agent has come, but he is like
a man in the middle of the prairie. Burleigh cleaned
the agcncy of everything, and the new agent has noth-
ing to go on with; no cattle, no wagons, no plows,
in fact, nothing; everything has melted away like a
snow-bank in the summer's sun. I think our grand-
father don't know what is done with the money, from
what yon say to us to-day. I think everything on the
agency is gone, and one saw-mill does us no good:
there is no one to attend to it. It is the business or
the agent to attend to it. It would take a month to
start it. Wo have no lumber. There is no ono to
attend to our blacksmith shop, nor the carpenter
shop; all the tools are gone. Sometimes the black-
smith docs some things for the Indians, but works
mostly for whites. Sinco tho new agent came there
is a good blacksmith. When Burleigh came to the
agcncy there were two mules there, and they are there
now; and thero were also two horses,,but Burleigh
went away and swapped them away for two bob-tailed
horses, and the Indians have never since seen their
horses or the bob-tails."
I will not read further from the speech of
Medicine Cow.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I ask the gentleman to
read the testimony of Galpin, Frambois, and
others, which ought to be there. I do not pro-
pose to get up here and defend myself against
these Indians.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. The Indian agent
Burleigh referred to is, then, the Delegate from
Dakota.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman's ten min-
utes have expired.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I yield five min-
utes more to the gentleman.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to say in
conclusion I do not propose to take up any
testimony in this book from white men. Iam
letting the Indian make out his own case.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would ask if these
parties were under oath."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir; and the
gentleman from Dakota was not under oath in
his speech to-day. The case was preseuted
before a sub-committee of this House. Whether
tho Mr. Burleigh here spoken of was the gen-
tleman from Dakota or some other Burleigh, I
was not there to know. My sole purpose in
occupying the attention of the House at this
time was to give these two Indians an oppor-
tunity to present their case to Congress.
Now, they complain of these agents. They
say their conduct has been the cause of the
Indian difficulty, and I fear there is a great deal
of truth in the charges and specifications they
present. They do not, like the gentleman from
Dakota to-day, deal in mere generalities, but
they charge a person, by name, with specific
offenses, with the taking of their goods, and with
tho taking of their food and keeping a mess-
house and then making the Indians pay for the
food that is intended for them. They charge
that $1,700 worth of their goods were taken
and paid for, and that the agent Burleigh re-
ceived the money and would not pay it to them.
These charges were made by the Indians. I
do not make them. I have merely, as I have
already stated, desired that these two Indians
should have an opportunity to speak to this
House and make their charge against who-
ever it may concern.
Mr. ALfjISON. I trust that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cl.uikk] will be kind enough
to yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I will do so.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I have been
listening with regret and astonishment at the
charges made by the gentleman from Dakota
against the President of the United States, the
Secretary of the Interior, and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. I supposed that there had
been under former administrations some incon-
sistencies in the conduct of the Indian depart-
ment, but I believe that the distinguished gen-
tleman at the head of the Department of the
Interior, a citizen of the State of Iowa, often
honored by the people of that State, in calling
to his aid another citizen of Iowa and of my
own district to act as Commissioner of Indian
Affairs intended to choose an officer who would
reform the affairs of that bureau, and I have
had faith in the integrity and honor of that
gentleman. Therefore I was astounded at the
gentleman1 s charging upon the Secretary of the
Interior and Commissioner of Indian Affairs
