402£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce, a joint reso-
lution (S. II. No. 140) directing the Secretary
of War to deliver to Norman Wi&rd certain
damaged cannon for the purposes of experi-
ment j which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Millitary Affairs
and the Militia.
ILLINOIS SOLDIERS' COLLEGE.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution^. R. No. 139) for the benefit of
the Illinois Soldiers' College and Military
Academy; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate, which I have no doubt
I shall have when it is read—it is very short—
to put that resolution on its passage.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear it read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state in a moment
what it is. The Illinois Soldiers' College and
Military Academy has been organized under
the authority of the State of Illinois by a char-
ter. They have purchased at Fulton, in the
northern part of the State of Illinois, in White-
side county, a large hotel and other property
there, which has cost between one and two
hundred thousand dollars. I have a letter in
my hand, from the general agent of the society,
stating that they have fiv-e hundred applications
from soldiers, many of whom are disabled, and
many of whom they propose to educate with-
out cost, and stating that there are at Spring-
field quite a number of cots and bedding that
are being sold, and bring the Government but a
trifle, and they ask that the cots and bedding
neccessary to accommodate five hundred free
students, if there be that surplus on hand which
the Government has no use for, be transferred
for the benefit of the free students, formerly
soldiers, at the institution. That is all there
is in the resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
resolution; which authorizes the Secretary of
War to transfer to the Illinois Soldiers' College
and Military Academy, from the surplus fund
on hand and not needed for the public service,
cots and bedding necessary to accommodate
five hundred persons, for the use of free stu-
dents, disabled by the war, in that institution.
Mr. MpttRILL. I think this is aU right;
but I asR the Senator from Illinois whether
the same difficulty does not arise here as arose
the other day on another resolution as to the
question of authority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The authority we have
to do this?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to dis-
cuss it. If the Senator from Maine doubts the
authority of appropriating money or bedding,
or anything else, to the disabled soldiers of the
last war. I shall not try to enlighten him upon
it. 1 think we can pension them and do any-
thing for them, and we have not done half
enough for them.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not propose to debate
the question; but as this was a State institu-
tion it occurred to me that the objection which
the honorable Senator raised to the resolution
for the sufferers by the fire at Portland might
arise here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is stated to be for
the use of these persons.
Mr. MORRILL. T do not think that makes
any difference. I think the same objection
arises that was made the other day. The only
d iftbrence is between Maine and Illinois, a ques-
tion of latitude.
Mr. HOWE. The resolution ought to be
amended so as to require a receipt from the
proper officer of the college—I do not know
who he is—to be taken for what is turned over
to him; otherwise there will be no possible
mode of settling the account.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will never be any
account to settle. These cots and bedding are
to be given to the institution. I do not Sup-
pose'they are to-be returned. The Secretary
of War is authorized to do this.
Mr. HOWE. But the trouble is that for
every one of those cots and beds some officer
of the Government is charged to-day, and has
got to account to the Government for them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to be all under the
charge of the Secretary of War, and he can
do it by a rule.
Mr. HOWE. Not at all; he cannot do it by
a rule. The accounting officers require some-
thing more than a rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As they are to be dis-
posed of under an act of Congress, will that
not be sufficient for the accounting officer.
Mr. HOWE. What will be the evidence
whether a million or five hundred or fifty cots
be disposed of unless you make somebody's
receipt the evidence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose they are sold,
how then ? These are all now being sold.
Mr. HOWE. The returns of the quarter-
master show that he sold so many.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; you will
have the return of the quartermaster in this
case that he transferred so many to this insti-
tution; what is the difference ? They are now
being sold.
Mr. HOWE. They are now being sold ; but
the quartermaster who is charged with the sale
of them is charged with every one of them, and
he has got to give an account of the sale of
every one of them and the price it brings.
Now, if he deducts from the whole number in
his hands fifty or one hundred or five hundred
and turns them over to this college, it seems to
me he wants some evidence to present that lie
has turned over so many in order to get his
accounts settled. If the Senator really objects
to a receipt being taken 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. I have not
the slightest objection to it if the Senator thinks
it necessary.
Mr. HOWE. Let it go.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ABANDONED PROPERTY IN REBEL STATES.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following reso-
lution and ask for its present consideration ;
it is merely a resolution directing an "inquiry
which I think it is very necessary to make:
Resolved, That the joint committee on retrench-
ment bo instructed to inquire into the mode of col-
lecting and the disposition made of captured and
abandoned property in the States lately in rebellion,
by officers, agents, and employes of the Treasury De-
partment; and thesaideommitteeis hereby invested
with ful L power to send for persons and papers for that
purpose.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. CHANDLER. On some day in Decem-
ber last I gave notice that I should introduce a
bill enacting the present British neutrality laws.
I spent several weeks in examining and com-
paring the British neutrality laws with our own,
and ascertained at last that they were identical.
It is the same law precisely which sent the Ala-
bama and her colleagues to prey upon our com-
merce, that seized the Meteor the other day for
fear she might aid the Peruvian Government
in opposition to Spain! It is the same law
verbatim which enlisted men for the Alabama
and all the rebel pirates of England, and ar-
rested the Fenians on our frontier! The Brit-
ish neutrality laws and ours, as they stand to-
day, are the same. Now, sir, it will be seen
at a glance that it is a mere farce as these laws
are construed in Great Britain and as they are
construed _ here. I desire, therefore, to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations
bo directed to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing our present neutrality laws.
They are a farce as they stand, and I hope
the committee will decide that it is expedient
to repeal the whole of them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
at this time.
Mr. COWAN. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made the resolution lies over.
RELATIONS WITH BRITISH PROVINCES.
Mr. MORRILL. I submit the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved. Th at the President be requested, so far as
the same may ho practicable, to enter into arrange-
ments with the British Provinces of North America
touching the fisheries, and also the commercial rela-
tions of the Provinces with the United States.
Mr. BROWN. I object. .
Mr. MORRILL. I want it referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BROWN. It is not in the shape of a
resolution of inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the resolution?
Mr. BROWN. If it was a resolution of
inquiry in the usual form I should have no ob-
jection ; but as it is not in the usual form and
takes the shape of a resolution of instruction I
do object to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I stated that it was a res-
olution for reference. I introduce it with a
view of having it referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to report as they choose in
regard to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Thers can be no objection
to that.
Mr. MORRILL. It is simply to request the
President, if the thing is practicable.
Mr. BROWN. I object to the consideration
of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution lies over.
Mr. BROWN subsequently said: I desire to
withdraw the objection I entered just now
against the resolution offered by the Senator
from Maine. The resolution was not exactly
in the usual form, and I was led into a mistake
in regard to it. I never desire to seem cap-
tious or illiberal in my dealings with other Sen-
ators, and I therefore withdraw the objection.
The resolution was taken up and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
S. H. EESSENDEN.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Sewell IT. Fessenden, and that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw the same.
CUSTOMS FINES AND FORFEITURES.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to the Senate a copy of the account
of fines, penalties, ami forfeitures returned to the
Treasury Department by the collector of the district
of Vermont, from the 1st day of April, 1861, to this
date, together with a statement of the dates :it which
the sums due to the United States thereon were paid
into the Treasury.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. DAY1S. I move to amend that resolu-
tion by adding after "Vermont" the words
"and the collector of the district of Ken-
tucky."
^Mr. POLAND. I trust the Senator from
Kentucky will put his amendment in the form
of a separate resolution. This is a very small
matter which I design to reach by my resolu-
tion, and I would not like to have it encum-
bered.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the honorable
Senator that I think it will pass in this form
without any question; if it still be objected
to, I will withdraw it.
Mr. POLAND. I would prefer that the Sen-
ator would embrace the subject of his amend-
ment in a separate resolution.
Mr. DAyiS. I should like very much to
have that information in relation to my own
State, and I think now is as convenient a time
to obtain the information as any other. If it is
at all objected to by any gentleman I will with-
draw it.
