2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
value upon international law which is in exist-
ence, and which is denied by none. I his prop-
osition is, that the !;bond:' which unites every
sovereign State with its citizens is the recogni-
tion and rendering by the citizen of true loy-
alty, faith, .and allegiance to his Government;
and the reciprocal protection due and rendered
by his Government to that citizen as the price
of that allegiance ; and when such faith is not
recognized or rendered, there is 110 bond of
citizenship and none of its rights. About the
truth of this position there can be neither sen-
sible dispute or doubt. The only question
which can be made, bearing directly upon this
doctrine of public law, is as to how the citizen
may show he discards his allegiance, and how
the Government may assert its right to forfeit
his citizenship. This we shall presently come
to and consider.
RELATION'S OF CITIZEN'SHIP TO SCFFRAGF..
I now assert another proposition which in
principle is identical with and must result from
the doctrine that " State laws and State legis-
lation cannot in the nature of things be longer [
permitted to define, abridge, or enlarge the j
important privilege of citizenship in the United 1
States.'' It is this: they from whom the United j
States may constitutionally withhold or wirh- ;
draw the ordinary rights of national citizenship, i
such as the right of petition, of holding land, [
and of protection, cannot, except by the suffer- j
ance of the Government of the United States,
have conferred upon them by the action of the
States higher and more vital powers and rights
of controlling the United States Government .
than would be derived by the possession of j
mere rights of national citizenship. In other j
words, those, whether native or foreign, whom
the nation may rightly decline to permit the
States to endow with citizenship merely, can-
not be endowed by the States except by mere
sufferance, as I have said, with' the infinitely
higher attributes of national sovereignty, which,
by the elective franchise, selects all the rulers
of the Kepubiic. Judge Curtis (19 Howard B.,
581 j says truly that though—
"The enjoyment of the elective franchise is not
essential to citizenship, there can be no doubt it id
one of thechiefcst attributes of citizenship under the i
American constitution^: and the just and constitu- '
tional possession of this right is decisive evidence of
national citizenship."
I aver that they to whom the nation has
rightly denied the rights of citizenship are |
thereby denied being deemed a part of the
"people of the States" in the sense of the
second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution ; and no State can make such men
the electors and rulers of this nation unless,
as is true in a few States, this be permitted by
the mere sufferance of the Government. I do
not object to this sufferance where loyal men
are the recipients of it.
Let us see how this is now by the great lights
of the law. I first cite Story. (Constitution,
section 1103.) who, with irresistible force of
reason, declares that— j
"If aliens might be admitted indiscriminately to |
enjoy all the right* of citizens, at the will of a single i
State, the Union itself might be endangered by the
influx of foreigners hostile to its institutions, ignorant i
of its forms, and incapable of a due estimation of its i
privileges." j
_ Surely, whether the elective franchise be a j
right of citizenship or not. there is no other i
right so fatally dangerous to be intrusted, '"at :
the will of a single State," ,to men not citizens, ,
and "hostile to our institutions/' asthepower
of selecting all the officers of the nation—a j
power which Judge Curtis well declares to be
the "'chiefest attribute of citizenship." ;
Again, sir, Chancellor Kent, (Note c, s. p. :
229, 1 vol; Comm.,) after declaring that m |
Ohio the right of suffrage is limited to natural- '
ized and natural-born citizens, adds, "And so
I think it ought to be in all sound policy: and 1
the view taken of the subject in the above case j
(Spracrins vs. Houghton, 2 Scammon, 377.) by
one of the counsel who argued the cause, is a
masterly argument." (See Mr. Butteriield's
argument approved by Kent, in 2 Scammon,
382.)
Again, Mr. Lawrence (in Wheaton, 910)
says:
"If they [the States]can admit to the elective fran-
chise those who arc not citizens, thereby neutralizing
the votes of citizcns, not only tlie Federal power of
naturalization becomes a nullity, but in the latter
ease a-minority of actual citizens by the aid of aliens
may control thegovernment of the States, and through
the States the Government of the Union."
Once more I cite Mr. Calhoun, not merely
becausc of the eminence of his learning and
ability, but mainly because of the intrinsic
force of what he says, and that it is said by one
not too apt to restrict the powers of the States,
nor to magnify those of the General Govern-
ment. In the argument from which I have
quated (Wheaton, 905) he says:
" To suppose that a State can make an alien a citi-
zen of the State, or confer upon him the right of vot-
ing, would involve the absurdity of giving hira a direct
and immediate control over the action of the General
Government, from which be has? 110 right to claim
protection, and to which he has no right to present a
petition. That the full force of the absurdity may be
felt, it must be borne in mind that every department
of the General Government is either directly or indi-
rectly under the control of the voters in the several
States/' * * * . * 44Now, admit that a
State may confer the right of voting 011 all alien?,
and it will follow as a necessary consequence that we
might huveamongourconstituents persons who have
not the right to claim the protection of the Govern-
ment or to present a petition to it.
"But a still greater difficulty remains. Suppose a
war fehouid be declared between the United States
and the country to which the aliens belong. They,
as aliens, would be liable to be seized under the laws
of Congress, to have their goods confiscated, and
themselves sent out of the country. The principle
that leads to such consequences cannot be true."
Surely Mr. Calhoun must be right. Surely
the States cannot, if the nation should exercise
its right to forbid it, authorize them to elect the
American President and the American Con-
gress, who can neither petition the Govern-
ment they elect, demand the protection of the
Government they elect, be required to bear arms
in favor of the Governmentwliich they elect, be
tried for treason against the Government they
elect, nor remain, in time of war, in the coun-
try whose rulers they elect, and who are, by a
law now in force, declared to be, in time of
war. the enemies of the Government which they
elect and required to be driven from the coun-
try. (See act of Gth July, 170S.)
Mr. Speaker, whether a nation endowed, as
we have now seen ours to be, with the high attri-
butes of supreme sovereignty—a nation with
right to life : with right to all powers required to
ward off danger to that life: with exclusive right
to confer, define, and control national citizen-
ship ; with right, if it so choose, to exclude aliens
from becoming citizens, and from either elect-
ing our rulers or demanding our protection until
this nation shall deem them fit to become such;
whether such a nation may withdraw the power
of electing our rulers from men who have turned
enemies of the Government and discarded all
the duties of citizenship is the momentous in-
quiry to which all I have said was directed. If
it be so that your Government has not. this
power, then, indeed, is it a pi'odigy of the
hideous, a paragon of deformity, a very mir-
acle of the monstrous, which has neither a
peer nor proximate in the past of nations.
Look at the spectacle. A supreme Govern-
ment exclusively creating and controlling alle-
giance and citizenship; but with States in that
| Government able to enact into supreme laws
that all who have by acts of treason proved
their purpose to destroy the Government shall
elect its rulers, and that all who have not done
this shall not vote for these rulers! You have
a Government with exclusive power to decide
whom it will permit to bear from State to State
the right of abode, of holding land, and of
exemption from unusual taxes, and yet with
power in the States to declare that none but
those whom the Union will not permit to have
these lowest rights of citizenship shall elect all
of the nation's supreme magistrates. You
hare a Congress able to make what the Con-
stitution declares to be "the supreme law of
the land," but with power in the States to
enact by law that notie shall vote in electing
that Congress but they who, by taking part in
rebellion, have shown that they aim at the
destruction of both Congress and its supremo
laws. You have a nation bound to exhaust
every dollar of its treasures and every drop of
its loyal blood to defend the rights and avenge
the wrongs of its citizens, and yet with no
power in that nation to declare that Mason, in
England, and Slidell, in France, and Suratt
and Saunders, in Canada, have ceased to have
the rights of citizens; and you are, therefore,
bound to exhaust this treasure and blood for
the defense of these. You have a nation in
which, like in all others, the "bond" which
unites the citizen to his country is the fact that
he acknowledges and renders alicgianee to its
laws; and yet you have that nation not only
bound to protect them who defy and spurn their
Government and its laws, but also bound to
permit the disloyal States to enact into " su-
preme law" that none shall vote for President
or Congress of the United States but such as
have made war upon the United States.
Need I say that a doctrine leading to results
like these is not false merely, but utterly shock-
ing?
HOW RIGHTS OF CITIZEXSHIP ARE FORFEITED.
I shall pursue these suggestions no further,
but shall assume that there is some way by
which this Government can deprive men whom
it deems unfit to be members of society of such
rights of citizenship and of electors as is de-
manded by the public safety.
It will be said that the only way within the
Government's power to divest persons of the
political powers of such citizenship, and of the
right to elcct the national officers, is to indict,
try, and execute them: and hence that no right
can be declared forfeited by a mere act ofnational
sovereignty. In other words, it is alleged that
in cases where the guilt and disloyalty of vast
communities of men are open, notorious, con-
fessed, historical, and established by years of
persistent, general, and universal war, still their
Government is bound to regard them as inno-
cent, law-abiding, and patriotic, and worthy^o
rule the nation unless they are tried by a jury
and executed!
Now. this assertion I meet with a flat denial;
and I assert that it flies into the face of all law,
common, constitutional, and international; of
all reason, ordinary and extraordinary, and of
all history, our own and all other nation's.
Lookatthese. Take our own recent and melan-
choly experience. We have eight million peo-
ple. each of whom, with the exception of the
women and children, has made war upon his
country and forS'eited his rights of citizenship
and life. Unless secession be legal, then both
the treason and forfeiture stand confessed by
each one of the millions. Now, is it possible
that each of these must be either convicted and
executed, or else be permitted to be the rulers of
this land? Is this great Government, indeed, sc
impotent as this, that in matters of this stu-
pendous moment, shown to be absolutely vital
to its existence, it can choose but one of two
things, and either one of which two things
carried out, I affirm, would be fatal to the na-
tion's life. If it must permit these eight mil-
lions who waged four years of war for the
nation's death, and who may profess neither
penitence, loyalty, or change of purpose, to
resume the highest powers of Government
under laws of disloyal States which exclude
from government all the loyal men of the State,
then that is national death. If, on the other
hand, to prevent this you must try, convict,
and execute these millions, that is both national
dishonor and death.
It is no escape from this dilemma to say that
I would convict them and then not execute
them, but grant a partial pardon sparing life,
but forfeiting franchises. That both proposes
impossibilities and yields the case—impossi-
bilities, because no nation ever did, or will, or
can, or ever ought to try and convict one
third of its people: and it yields the case, be-
cause if a conditional and partial amnesty,
which spares life but forfeits rights of citizen-
ship, can be granted after conviction, so it can
before, when the guilt is open and confessed.
(0 Opinions Attorneys General, 20; Sullsr's
