1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate deliberated upon it. It did not like the
last clause, or thought it expedient to leave it
off. It was taken up—1 do not know whether
it went to a committee or not—and the last
clause struck off; it was passed as amended,
and the House agreed to the amendment.
When was that done? When was the com-
mittee appointed? I have taken the pains to
look at this matter a little and see how the fact
stands. That resolution was finally adopted
by the concurrence of both Houses on the 13th
of December, 1805. The committee was ap-
pointed in the Senate on the 21st of December,
and on the same day, the 21st ot December,
Congress by a joint vote adjourned to meet on
the 5th of January, I860. Of eourso the com-
mittee could not meet during the recess. I sup-
pose the Senator will admit that.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If the Senator from
Maine is addressing me particularly, i will say-
that 1 have never questioned the right of the
committee to report the resolutions referred to.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. 1 thought the Senator
in the remarks he made a few moments ago
spoke of the fact that the committee had re-
ported an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, as proving that they meant
to keep these States out.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I spoke of that as the
purpose of the amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo reported just what
was sent to us to be considered.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In other words, we
have the action before we have the report. I
should like to see the report, so as to know
whether it sustains the action.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot act on every-
thing at once. We have come now to the 5th of
January, because Congress adjourned to meet
on the 5th day of January, 1866. On the 5th
day of January, 1860, when we met together the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent,
aud agreed to:
" Revolved, That the President of theUnited States
be requested, if in Ins opinion not incompatible with
tlie public interest, to furnish to the Senate copie.i ot
all papers or proclamations designating ccrtain per-
sons as provisional governors 0f States, nnd an ac-
count ofthc salary, if any, they may have been allowed;
the oaths, if any, they may have taken before enter-
ing upon their duties, .'n4 if they did not takethe
oath of office prescribed by Congress tor officers of the
United States, then win they did not take the same;
also all instructions with icgaid to jlieu duties and
communications between them and the President,
telecraphic or otherwise; al 'o copies of any commu-
nications in his possession from such persons to any
convention or Legislative Assembly in tlicir respect-
ive States; also copies of any constitution, articles, or
laws, purporting to have been adopted in such Sta tcs,
so far as the same affect the present condition of such
States and the rights of persons therein."
On the 12th day of January a similar resolu-
tion in effect—I do not know whether it was in
the same exact terms—was offered in the House
of Representatives by Mr. Raymond, of New
York, and passed.
When that committee came together, what
was the first thing they were to consider? They
were to consider what these States had done,
what was their present condition, what were
their Legislatures, what were their constitu-
tions, and everything about them, as showing
whether they were or were not in a condition
to return. Where were all these papers? In
the hands of the President and nowhere else.
He had them and nobody else had them. On
the 27th of February, only a few days ago, the
information not having been furnished, the
same resolution was renewed on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, and again
adopted by the Senate.
I mav as well betray the secrets of the com-
mittee to a certain extent, so far as to say that
the first thing the committee thought or said
was, before proceeding to ascertain and come
to a conclusion as to the condition of the States
which latel)1" composed the so-called conlcd-
erate States, we must have a knowledge of
these facts; we must have the constitutions:
we must have a statement of what the Legisla-
tures were, how they were composed, whether
the members had taken the requisite oaths, and
generally all the facts in relation to what had
been done in organizing the State governments.
Let nobody undertake to tell me that we could
go on discharging our duty as members of
that committee, to decide on the condition of
these States, without knowing anything of what
the States had done m the way of organization.
Was not that the very first question that we
were to ascertain ? Must we not see what their
constitutions were? To ascertain these facts
we must do one of two things: we must either
send to Florida and Texas and all the other
States and hunt up these papers, aud then we
could not get near the whole of them because
they are in the hands of the President and only
in his hands; or we should call on the Presi-
dent to give them to us.
The President sent us an annual message in
December, in which he said that he had ap-
pointed provisional governors and proceeded
a certain distance in the way of reconstruction,
and that lie left the question of the admission
of Senators and Representatives to us. Did
he send us any papers, any documents? Did
he send us any information in relation to these
States? Ho had it all. All the correspond-
ence was with him. He had all the papers iu
his hands; he had all the telegraphic dis-
patches ; he knew what these governors had
done; he knew whether they had taken the
oath ; he know everything connected with the
subject, for he had all the papers. What did
he do in answer to this call of the Senate?
Did he tell us that it was not consistent with
the public interest that we should have these
papers or have this information? No, sir; he
said no such thing, but ho simply kept quiet.
From that day to this we have been waiting
patiently, hoping that the President, who was
so anxious to have us act on the subject, would
furnish us the information that lie had and that
nobody else had in order to enable us to do
so ; but although three calls have been made
upon him, one on the oth of January by the
Senate, one on the 12th of January by the
House of Representatives, and again on the
27th of February by the Senate, we have not
yet received this information.
Was there no reason for desiring these doc-
uments? Let us look at a fact or two. Whom
did the President appoint as provisional gov-
ernor of South Carolina? I am not complain-
ing of his appointment; I am speaking of
facts ; he appointed Mr. Perry, who, as we all
understand was a judge under the confederate
government—I think that was the office he
held. How do we know that he has been par-
doned even? We have no proof of it. Look
at Mississippi. What took place there? There
were two candidates for Governor, one a Union
man and the other a General Humphreys, cov-
ered al! over with treason, who had been fight-
ing through the whole war in the confederate
army, and had risen to the rank of a brigadier
general. He was nominated on the other side,
and the newspapers of the day stated (Mr.
Sharkey can tell whether it is true or not) that
Mr. Sliarkey, the provisional governor there,
gave notice in Mississippi that Genera! Hum-
phreys was not an eligible candidate, and votes
-would be thrown away upon him, because
he was not even pardoned. He was a traitor
I who had received no pardon, and yet we are
i told that he has since been pardoned. Do we
i know it? Have we any proof of it? Do we
I know anything about, it? Has the President
| furnished us any information with regard to
1 it? For anght wo know to-day the man who
i signed the credentials of the Senators from
| Mississippi, if they are here, is an unpardoned
| rebel, a man who served during the wiiole war
against us.
| I speak of these instances, not that I find
fault with anybody. The President may have
: perfectly good reasons for withholding this in-
; formation. He lias not chosen to tell us that
: lie had any reason or that he wished to wit.Ii-
! hold it; but although we called for it on the
! first day that the Senate met after the recess,
the very day that we could begin our opera-
tions, from, that day to. this ws have :not beea'
able to obtain tire inforiBatiejB that lay atsth®
foundation of our whole proceedin&.that would
enable us to ascertain the fact waether> .these
was a constitution in any of these States,-whafe
it was, whether there was a Governor, whether
he had been pardoned or not, and any f&Cts ill
relation to its condition, all of which we ought
to know, and all of which we must know .before
we can proceed a day or an lxour. And yet
gentlemen talk about delay, and say the com-,
mittee have been delaying and not reporting,
when the fact is that all the information is m
tho hands of the President. All these papers
are with him, and he, urging us, as I understand
he does urge us, to act upon these credentials,
will not send a single one of these papers, and
we can get them nowhere else without taking
double the time that lias already elapsed, and.
then we could not get more than half of them,
because of course we cannot get all the tele-
graphic dispatches and other things.
Now, with what face can any gentleman get
up here and talk about the disposition of this
committee to delay? With what face can any-
body anywhere in this whole country charge us
with a disposition to delay? We have been
employing all the time we could getto act upon
this question. Whatdidwehavetodo? Whiie
we were waiting for these documents, waiting
for these constitutions, waiting for evidence of
the organization of these Legislatures, waiting
for the facts which lay at the very foundation
of the admission of Senators and Representa-
tives, what have we been doing? We have
eleven States to look over. The Senate and
House of Representatives have ordered us to
do it. We must examine into the condition of
them. There was but one other way in which,
to do it. What was that? To take testimony;
and we have been constantly engaged in tak-
ing testimony. When the Senate has adjourned
over Saturdays and Senators have gone to their
own particular occupations or avocations, what-
ever they might be; that committee has been
in session considering these questions, waiting
for these documents, and in the mean time
taking testimony, and it is divided into four sub-
committees, who are taking testimony every
day in the week and trying to come to a conclu-
sion ; and tlio reason why we have not come to
a conclusion is because we can only meet occa-
sionally. All of us are busy aboutother things;
we can meet but two hours in the morning, and
on Saturdays we meet as we have met almost
every Saturday for hours, anxiously studying
over this matter and trying to' arrive_ at the
facts, and in the mean time here is all this infor-
mation which we called for two months ago, ly-
ing where we cannot get at it, although we had
called for it; and yet wo are accused, of delay.
Whore has been the delay? Who has prevented
our coming to a conclusion and proposing ac-
tion ?
Sir, I say this with no disposition to throw
blame upon anybody, because there may be
very good reasons why these documents have
not been furnished; but it does not lie in the
mouth of any mau to say to us that we have
been delaying when we have been at work week
after week and day after day, parts of the com-
mittee all the time we could get, and begging
for information upon which we could found a
report and a conclusion to be given to the Senate
and the House of Representatives; and I want
the country t.o understand that it is not the
committee who have kept things back.
Sir, I should not have alluded to the fact of
this call having been made here had it not been
that it became my solemn duty to defend my-
self> rav own reputation as a man. to v/hom tho
Senate has committed a trust, and the reputa-
tion of the gentlemen connected with me to
whom a trust has been committed, and who
have been called upon to ascertain what to
them was a most unwelcome matter, and to
assume a labor that added very much to the
severe labors that were pressing upon them
from other directions. While we are doing this
and laboring all we. can, and reporting upon
