1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
house of representatives.
Tuesday, Veecmber 19, 180o.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox, in the
following words:
O God, our Father, who openest Thy hand to
supply our daily wants, we come to Thee for
Thy morning benediction. Thou hast com-
manded us to aslc for daily bread; much more
should we ask Thee for supplies of daily wis-
dom. We thank Thee for the continuance of
our lives. By the sudden death of one who
was once an honored member of the national
Legislature Thou hast taught us that we cannot
lengthen out the span of our days. To the fam-
ily circle, plunged into mourning by this sudden
bereavement, administer, we pray Thee, in Thy
bountiful mercy, the balm of consolation. And
teach us to realize the great uncertainty of hu-
man life, that we may apply our minds unto
wisdom and perform our daily duties with a
view to the momentous issues of eternity.
0 God, we stand to-day on the soil of a na-
tion which is, not alone by inference or report,
but by the solemn announcement of the con-
stituted authorities, declared free in every part
and parcel of its territory. Blessed be Thy
name, 0 God, for Thy wonderful ending of this
terrible conflict! We pray Thee to bless the
President of the United States, his Cabinet offi-
cers, the legislators in both Houses of Congress,
and give unto all who have any influence in
this matter, the wisdom, the strength, the cour-
age, the determination, and the perseverance
to carry out to the glorious end what has been
thus begun. And thine shall be all the glory
forever. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
enrolled bill.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (li. R. No. 35)
making appropriation for refurnishing and
repairing the President's House; when the
Speaker signed the same.
message from tiie president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. John-
sou, his Private Secretary.
contested-election cases.
The SPEAKER laid before the House cre-
dentials siguedby .T. Madison Wells, Governor
of the State of Louisiana; and a certificate
of .Tames E. Towson, clerk of the Stafford
county court, in favor of the claim of_B.
Johnson Barbour to a seat from the third
congressional district of Virginia; which were
referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
missouri contested-ttlection case.
Mr. KELSO. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I will make a brief statement of facts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question of privilege.
Mr. KELSO. I ask for an extension of time
to take supplementary testimony in the case
of my seat contested by Judge Boyd. I will
require but a few moments to state the facts.
During the time allowed by law for taking tes-
timony I was absent in the service of my coun-
try ; I was in the Army, and could not obtain
leave of absence in order to attend to the mat-
ter. I employed an attorney to attend to the
business, but lie was called away on other busi-
ness toward the close of the day. The notices
that were to be left with my wife failed to reach
her on account of the want of mail facilities.
They did not reach us in time, and the conse-
quence was that neither myself nor my attor-
ney knew any depositions were taken until the
time to take rebutting testimony had passed.
This was without any fault on my part, but was
owing to the lact that X was beyono mail com-
munication—guerrillas being upon the roads,
and only strong parties of military men being
able to get dispatches through. My wife, who
3',)th Cong. 1st Suss.—No. 6.
was confined to a sick-bed, had no opportunity
to communicate with me in time.
I have tried to be a good soldier and to do
service to my country; and T hope, under these
circumstances, the House will grant me sixty
days, 01- such time as they may think proper, so
that I maybe able to take such evidence as will
do justice to myself and my constituents.
Mr. dawes. Has the gentleman submitted
a resolution?
The speaker. _ He has; a resolution to
grant him sixty days in which to take testimony.
Mr. dawes. Both sides, or only one?
The speaker. Both sides.
Mr. DAWES. I should think that this should
be referred to the Committee of Elections._ The
law prescribes a certain time in which this tes-
timony shall be taken, and it has been the uni-
form practice of the House, with one or two
exceptions, to adhere to that rule. I do not
doubt that for good reasons the House may be
induced to extend the time, but it is a question
upon which both sides should be heard. There
may be reasons why the House should not be
dispos'ed to extend the time; and that could be
better understood if both parties could present
their views on the point to some committee, and
that committee could report on it. Besides, the
committee would be under the necessity of in-
troducing some resolution prescribing the mode
in which this testimony shall be taken and the
person before whom it shall be taken, if the
House should be of the opinion that this exten-
sion should be granted.
I do not desire to express an opinion for or
against the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri. I only desire that the House may con-
form, as much as possible, to the precedent,
and that is, that this should come ultimately
from the Committee of Elections, if at all. I
therefore make the motion that it be referred
to the Committee of Elections, and demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered: and underthe operation
thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ereedmen's aei'airs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
President of the United States, transmitting, in
compliance with the third section of the act ap-
proved March 3, J8G5, a communication from
the Secretary of War, with accompanying re-
port of estimates of the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that so much of the
President's communication as relates to esti-
mates be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and that the remainder bo referred
to the select committee on freedmen, and that
the message be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
benjamin a. harris.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of privilege. I ask the Clerk to read a pre-
amble and resolution which I send up, and upon
its adoption I demand the previous question.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Whereas it is alleged that Benjamin R. Harris,
a Representative in this House from the fifth district
of the State of Maryland, was in the month of May
last befoie a very respectable and intelligent court-
martial, tried, and by. said court convicted, upon
charges and specifications, to wit, 'violation 01 the
filtv-sixth Article of War,' by giving aid and com-
fort to the public enemy, anil inei.tinc_.thcm to con-
tinue to make warascainst the Lmted states, declar-
ing his sympathy with the ericmv, and his opposition
to the Government of the United States, in its efioris
to suppress the rebellion; and whereas it, was proved
atsuchtrial (.as is alleged) that.the.said Harris ex-
pressed his regret that the assassination of i resident
Lincoln came too late to lie of any use to the rebels,
and at the same time dei hired that -Jeff. Davis was a
great and good man : all of which acts on the fun: ox
slid Harris arc inconsistent with the oath which he
has taken as a member of this House; and whereas
the said court-martial sentenced tho said Hams
(among other things) to be forever disqualified to hold
any office of honor, trust, or profit wider the United
States, which sentence was approved by the 'Presi-
dent; Therefore, .
Resolved, That tho Committee of Elections be di-
rected to inquire into tho facte of the case, and that
they report the same to tho House, together with
such action as said committee shall recommend; and
in making their investigations said committee to
have power to send for person? and papers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. It is that this is not a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. Oh what ground?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On the'ground that It
does not relate to the organization of the House
nor to the seat of a member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
question of privilege, and one of the very high-
est kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. On what ground?
The SPEAKER. It involves the right of a
member to his seat.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
I think it proper that this resolution should di-
rect the Committee on the Judiciary to make
this inquiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw it for
the purpose of moving that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I make that motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will accept that
amendment, and renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois that the resolution
is in proper shape now. It involves a question
of fact, and not of law, and it should properly
be investigated by the Committee of Elections.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On consideration I
will insist upon the resolution in the original
form, and demand the previous question.
Mr. FINCIv. 1 do not wish to make any ex-
tended remarks, but merely to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Harris] is not in his
seat.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for tellers on second-
ing the previous question. I want to give the
gentleman from Maryland an opportunity to
come into the House before tho vote is taken.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. FAKXSVtOiiTii were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 103, noes 17.
So tho previous question was seconded. _
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move that the resolution be referred
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question has been seconded.
The main question was then ordered to he
put. ,
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 21, not vot-
ing 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, tanks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bidweli, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boutwoll, Brandegee Bromwell, iiroom-
all, feuelilarid, Bundy, Reader ft. Uarko. Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conklmg, Cook, Culiom Dai ling,
Dawes Deirees, Delano, Doming, Dij.011, Donnelly,
- - — ■ •" > ' - T'—— Eliot, Jiarns-
IIill, Holmes, Hooper, llotchkiss, Asohol W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, DemasHubbard, John H.
Ilubbard, James R. Ilabbell, Hulbmu, James Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Jcnekes, Julian, Itasson, hMcy,
Kelso, Ketcham.Ivuy kendall,Laihn. Latham, ,eoigc
V. Lawrence. William Lawrence, Loan, Longvear,
Lynch. Marshall, Marston, Marvin. McCluig, Mc-
Indoe, McKee, McKuer, Mercur. Miller Moorhead,
Morrill, Moulton Myers, Jewell, O^eill, Oith,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants 1 nee. Kad-
ford, William II. Randall, Raymond, John SI. Rice,
Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sciienck, Scotiold.
Shellabarger, Sitsreaves. Sloan, Smith, bpaluing,
Starr. Stevens, Stillwell, Taber, Ihaycr, Trancis
Thomas. John L. Thomas, Thornton. 1 row bridge,
Tluson, Van Acmara. Burt \ an Horn. Robert 1.
Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Vashburne,
William B. Washburn, Welkei, Wentwortn. W ha-
ley, Williams, James F. Wil-011, Stephen i!. Wilson,
aI^AYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bover, Brooks. Dawson,
Denison, Eldi idge. Thick,Glossbrenuer.Grider..Aaron
Harding, Edwin N. Hubbcll, Johnson, McCuflougn,
