1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3065
To another question General Lee answers:
"I think they (the people) would consider the act
of the Stato (in seceding) legitimate; that they were
merely using the reserved rights, which they had a
right to do—that was my view r that the act of Vir-
ginia, in withdrawing herself from the United States,
carried me along as a citizen of Virginia, and that
her laws and her acts were binding on me."
That is the doctrine ; out of that egg came
the rebellion; the rebellion is subdued, but the
cause'still stands out bold and threatening as
ever, and here is General Lee, one of the lead-
ers, and a very guilty leader, too, tells you to
your teeth, he has done nothing but his duty
to his State—nothing of which he should be
ashamed of, much less punished for as a crime!
ALEXANDER H. STEPnENS'S TESTIMONY.
Mr. Stephens, the vice president of the con-
federacy, was also before the committee on
reconstruction and testified. He said:
"I believed thoroughly in the reserved sovereignty
of the several States of the Union under the compact
of Union, or Constitution of 1787. I opposed seces-
sion. therefore, as a question of policy, and not one
of right, on the part of Georgia." '■
" My convictions on the original abstract question
havo undergone no change."
That is, being better acquainted with the
power and resources of the North, ho thought
it bad policy to attempt, by foree of arms, to
break up the Union. But the right to do so
he regarded inherent in the States, and is still
of that opinion, notwithstanding the failure of
the rebellion. His convictions on the Abstract
right to rebel, whenever a State may choose to
do so, "have undergone no change."
So says the Senator-elect from the State of
Georgia to the present Congress, and he says
this opinion is general with the people of that
State; they have barely ceased to be rebels,
but hold to the faith of secessionists, which is
rebellion in a chrysalis state. A secessionist at
heart is a traitor in principle, and give him an
opportunity and he will prove himself a rebel
in practice.
A TOUCH OF STATE SOVEREIGNTY.
After hearing Mr. Stephens on secession and
the right of a State to abandon the Union at
pleasure, it will be refreshing to hear him on
the right of a State to return to the Union ad
libiium:
" I think, as the Congress of the United States did
not consent to tho withdrawal of the seceding States,
it was a continuous right under the Constitution of
the United States, to be exercised so soon as the se-
ceding States respectively made known their readi-
ness to resume their former practical relations with
the Federal Government, under the Constitution of
the United States."
He assumes that as our Government refused
them permission to secede—they having the
right even without sueli consent—that therefore
they acquired the right to return even against
the consent of the Government. This is piling
itup rather steep, Mr. Stephens. If your priv-
ileges as States wore as liberal as you claim,
and that those Slates could go out and return
at pleasure—goout todous mischief and return
for the same purpose, it may bo—are not the
privileges of the General Government equally
liberal, and may we not at least have a word
with you on your going and returning? If
Georgia can leave the Union, may not the
Union leave Georgia? And if the Union can-
not compel Georgia to stay in, can Georgia
compel the Union to admit her nolens volens.
■ Surely in a compact rights are mutual among
tho parties. If one State can leave thirty-four,
may not thirty-four leave one? Mr. Stephens's
theory works its own destruction. It is not
more respectable than Buchanan' s, who thought
the States had no right to secede, but the Gov-
ernment had no right to prevent them from so
doing. This was the last notable oraele of that
celebrated "public functionary," and it is a
fitting climax to his remarkable career.
MAY WE PRESCRIBE TERMS ?
This is scarcely a debatable question. Ever
since the surrender in 1865 reconciliation has
beeu progressing by means of terms and con-
ditions proposed by the Government and ac-
cepted by the insurgent States. Did not Pres-
ident Johnson exact specific conditions of
each of these States? Did he not suspend Gov-
ernors elected by them from assuming the func-
tions of Governor until laws were enacted and
duties performed according to his dictation;
and did they not readily comply, .thereby rec-
ognizing liis right to demand the submission
and their duty to comply? Has he not sus-
pended sheriffs and judges elected in rebel
States until they were purged of their treason
by his pardons? Why all this terrible infringe-
ment of the rights of those people by the Pres-
ident of the United States, and why are tlicy^ .
so submissive and uncomplaining, if they are
under no disabilities by reason of their acts of
rebellion?
HOW IS IT WITII LOYAL STATUS ? *
Does the President venture so to interpose
his authority in Ohio or New York? No, sir;
those States have not rebelled against the Gov-
ernment, they have not levied war upon it,
they have not induced the slaughter of hun-
dreds of thousands of brave and loyal men in
attempts to break up the Government. They
have been faithful to their obligations, and
havo stood up for the maintenance of law and
order, and are therefore under no disabilities,
threaten ho violence, give no occasion for un-
easiness on the paitof the Government. The
guarantees of the Constitution shield them from
such unwarrantable interference, bccause of
their continued loyalty to that Constitution and
the Government thereof.
THE RIGHT OF SELF-DEFENSE.
All animate nature has the instinct of self-
preservation, a riglvt of universal recognition.
Governments are always armed with the same
inherent power. Why did tho President send
armies with the instruments of destruction into
the South to spread desolation and death in
their march through tho southern Stales? The
Constitution gives no such command. Self-
preservation was the motive; its rights are par-
amount to constitutions or laws; the life of the
nation was in peril, and the only road of safety
was by an appeal to arms, meeting force with
force. Shall wo be told by these rebels after
the conflict has closed that they were innocent
and the President guilty? That they had a
right to destroy tho Government, and that the
President was a murderer for resisting them
with armed force, whereby blood was shed?
Let such as have the patience to listen to such
treasonable stuff take a surfeit of it; for mysel f
I want none of it.
SHALL WE HAVE ANOTHER REBELLION?
I hope not, and that we may_ escape such a
calamity it is our duty to do all in our power to
guard against it. We know by what means tho
late rebellion was brought about, and we will
bo fearfully accountable to the country if we
restore the Union without removing, as far as
practicable, the causes that led to our disrup-
tion. Tho unbridled license of the vicious must
be restrained when the public safety demands
it; all laws are restraints upon the natural rights
of individuals for public good; whatever the
public good shall require tho individual mem-
bers must submit to. Governments are all
established and sustained upon this principle;
without it there can be no such thing as Gov-
ernment, liberty regulated by law.
WE HAVE TAKEN ONE STEP.
The constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery everywhere in the United States was
a great step in the direction of future safety.
Slavery had done much to precipitate the re-
bellion. That Samson of terror and of crime
is shorn of its locks. To tear from the traitor
his cherished idol, slavery, was an invasion of
his right of property ; but the interest of the
many is paramount — the few must submit.
Does any one doubt the propriety, or even the
justice, of this great measure? Surely none ;
and yet it cost the South hundreds of millions
of dollars. This we did, too, without compen-
sation, which is allowable only in special eases,
and in times of great emergency. Slavery made
war upon the Government; it failed to accom-
plish its purpose, and forfeited its existence ;
its extinction became a public necessity. We
have destroyed the full-grown lion in our path,
shall the cubs be left to grow up and annoy
us? These, too, must be secured; and our work
is not done, nor well done, until we have, as
far as practicable, provided a defense against
all reasonable contingencies of apprehended
danger.
BUT IT TAKES TIMK.
Nothing is well done that is done in haste.
This is a great work; it involves the lives, the
quiet, the wealth, and prosperity of many mil-
lions of people ; not merely those existing in
our Government, but the accumulating millions
in years to come. We arc planting the seed,
but the harvest is for our posterity. This is
the process of life—we pay to our children the
debts we incurred to our parents; we must
be patient; this Government of ours is one
of gigantic projsortions; it cannot be recon-
structed in a day. It-took the labor and inge-
nuity of rebels thirty years to bring about the
rebellion; and with all this preparation its
friends admit now that they commenced at the
wrong time and in the wrong way ; it may not
take as many years to build up what was de-
stroyed, but it must not be unreasonably hur-
ried. ITe who is impatient at deliberation
knows not the importance of the work or cares
not for the consequences of a spoiled job.
WHO IS FOR HASTE?
First, the rebels are importunate to get back,
and they are very careful to insist upon their
rehabilitation under circumstances as nearly like
those under which they left as possible. Then
the copperheads are pressing for an early res-
toration of their southern brethren, and they,
too, prefer no change in the order of restora-
tion. If they had a right to sccede, they insist
that right shall still be available to them. If
rebelling and waging war on the Union were
lawful, as Lee and Stephens and Wise proclaim,
then, they say, let us return with that privilege.
Stephens says they forfeited no rights by rebel-
ling. He says:
"As the General Government denied the right of
secession, I do not think any of the States attempting
to exercise it thereby lost any of their rights under
the Constitution."
Ah, Mr. Stephens, asyou southern gentlemen
have claimed the right of secession whenever
it may suit you to do so, it is made our great-
est duty to put that right, if it exists in any pos-
sible form, entirely and forever out of your
reach. We should be the laugliing-stock of
the cnilized world if, with these open declara-
tions of rebels, we should invite their return
without guarding against a recurrence of the
same troubles by the same means. If rebels
lost nothing by rebelling, the Union lost many
and valuable rights ; it lost peace and quiet,
and money and lives, and cannot forget, it
cannot overlook, the high obligation to make
sure the guarantees against a repetition of those >
wrongs ; and we cannot consent to hasty and *
inconsiderate legislation on so vital a matter
merely to accommodate impatient rebels, who
havo not even the grace of penitence to recom-
mend themselves to our favor : nay, demand to
be restored at once, and with that demand shake
delianee in our very teeth.
A TEST OF LOYALTY.
AH admit, even Mr. Stephens admits, that
none but loyal men should be admitted to seats
in Congress. Hear him :
" I am free to admit that, in my opinion, none
should be admitted as a member of either Houso of
Congress who is not really and truly loyal to the
Constitution of the United States."
That sounds well, but examine it and you
will find it the merest shell, without substance,
a deception, a cheat. Loyal to the Constitu-
tion ? Why Stephens himself claims to be this
day a loyal man to the Constitution; yes, he
claims that he was loyal even in the very act
of rebelling. To do what the Constitution
authorizes is to be loyal. Stephens says seces-
sion is a constitutional right, tiierefoie it is
loyal to secede. Stephens is Senator-elect of
Georgia, and expects to claim his seat as such ;
does he not thereby inform us what constitutes
loyalty in his judgment? With a Senate filled
with men of such loyalty, how long would the
Union stand?
