82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Nicholson, Kitter, Rogers, Shanklhi, Strouse, Taylor,
Trimble, andVoorheos—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos K. Ashley, Blaine,
Chanlcr, Culver, Davis, Goodyear, Griswolrt, Harris,
Hogan, .Tames M. Humphrey, J ones, Kerr, Le Blond,
Morris, Niblack, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy, Samuel J.
Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Winfield. Woodbridge,
and Wright—2.1.
So the resolution was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. JOHNSON said: Mr. Harris, against
whom the proceeding is had, without any notice,
is absent; I therefore, with others, vote "no."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. FARNSWOTITH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the preamble,
and, being put, the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWOIiTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the preamble was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing oe navy register.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That twenty-five hundred copies of the
Navy Register he piinted for the use of the members
of this House.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon, the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military and naval schools.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Jiesolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Committee on Naval Affairs he respectively
instructed to consider and repot t if any ehango in the
system of education at the Military School at West
Point, or theNaval School at Annapolis be expedient
or necessary; and alsoto consider and report upon the
expediency of establishing or aiding in tho establish-
ment of schools for instruction in military and naval
scienco in each of the several Ktates ot the Union, with
tho view and for tho purpo.-e of providing a moro
effective means of national defense without enlarging
the class of citizens who^e lives arc especially devoted
to those duties: and that the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Committee on Kaval Affairs be in-
vested with full jurisdiction of so much of the subject
of this resolution as properly belongs under the rules
to the business of those committees.
Mr. WASIIBUIIXE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call tho committees for
reports.
INTER-STATE C0:.13ICX1CATI0N.
Mr. WASIIBUEXE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
House Xo. 11, to facilitate commercial, postal,
and military communication among the several
States.
The bill authorizes every railroad company
in the United States, whose road is operated
by steam, its successors and assigns, to carry
upon and over its road, connections, boats,
bridges, and ferries, all passengers, troops,
Government supplies, mails, freight, and prop-
erty on their way from any State to another
State, and to receive compensation therefor.
Mr. VASIIBUitXE. of Illinois. I propose
to call the previous question, but T will yield
for a moment to my colleague upon I lie Com-
mittee on Commerce, [Air. O'Neuj,.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to ask my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
if ho will not withdraw his eallfor tho previous
Question for the present. I a;,t hi,,, to allow
me, before I sit down, to make amotion to re-
fer this mil to the Committee on the Judiciary,
arid I do H because it involves many local ques-
tions ofgruii. magnitude and importance to the
country, and the luemLvrs of the House, per-
haps, would be better satisfied to have those
gentlemen who have been selected for their legal
ability to constitute that committee, to pass
upon it.
Without referring at all to the questions
which may be involved, to what railroad com-
panies may be interested, or how it may affect
this State or that, I thinlc we should hesitate in
passing a bill which has not been before us this
session, which has not been printed and upon
our files, and which raises questions of consti-
tutional law and State action requiring grave
consideration, and especially demanding care-
ful and not hasty legislation.
I do not wish to enter into the details of this
question; I do not wish to make an argument
for or against the bill; but I do ask the House
and my colleague on tho Committee on Com-
merce, its distinguished chairman, to permit me
to make the motion indicated, so that the judi-
cial organ of this body may report upon it; and
I ask it without reference to any railroad cor-
poration, but simply that we may know from
tho Judiciary Committee whether we are not in-
fringing upon rights, privileges, and franchises
which we should not do without a full under-
standing and proper investigation. The ques-
tions involved seem to me to belong rather to
the Judiciary Committee than to the Committee
on Commerce. I do not desire this reference
for purposes of delay. I am not trying to sub-
serve the interests of any corporation. T have
always been in favor of developing all sections
of our country by railroad and other enterprises,
and would not, for a day even, retard the com-
pletion of those which, from want of means,
may be struggling for existence against the
power of wealthier monopolies. I hope that
tho chairman of the Committee on Commerce
will give me an opportunity of moving that the
bill bo referred to the Committee on tho Judi-
ciary, and that he will not call the previous ques-
tion. if he cannot consent to do this, I will
be constrained to vote against any further prog-
ress in the bill to-day.
Mr. WASIIBUilNE, of Illinois. I was in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce, of
which my friend from Philadelphia is a distin-
guished member, to report this bill and askthe
action of the House upon it this morning. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania desires, as he
says, it' th" previous question shall be with-
drawn, to offer a motion to refer the bill to tho
Committee on the Judiciary, that that commit-
tee may consider it.
Now, sir, 1 am a little surprised that my friend
on the Committee on Commerce should distrust
the legal ability which is on that committee, and
should desire to refer this bill to the Committee
on the .Iudieiary. 1 am aware that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary had this bill, or a bill
precisely like this, before them during the last
Congress, and that they reported tho bill which
has been reported by the Committee on Com-
merce this morning, word for word, and that
this House on the 12th of May, 1804, passed
this precise bill.
Tho gentleman has spoken of various rail-
roads that maybe interested Sir, I know of
no railroad and of no inlerJtSS-hieh can con-
trol me. or which, I believe,"-ill control the
judgment of this House in a matter of this kind,
it is a question whether Congress has not the
right, and whether it v> ill not exercise that right,
to secure free intercourse between the States.
It was the judgment of a large majority of this
House, in the last Congress, that this bill ousrlit
to pass, and it was passed; and I think that
pari of the President's message which referred
to this subject of"the restrictions put by one
Slate upon the commerce of other States has
met with, perhaps, as much approbation from the
country as any portion of that message, and I
trust, as this question has been fully considered
in tlio minds of gentlemen, the House will be
w.!hng now, at this early period of the session,
to paxs this bill and let it go to the Senate, so |
that they may take action upon it. because it !
will be remembered that although this bill was !
passed bv the House as early as the 12th of
May during the last long session of Congress,
it was never reached in the Senate to be finally
disposed of, but was, in the very last hours of
the Senate, talked to death.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. G-arfield]
reminds me of the fact that this bill was passed
twice during the last Congress. And with every
desire to accommodate my distinguished friend
and colleague on the committee [Mr. O'Neill]
in his wish to have this matter referred, I must
carry out the instructions of the committee
in asking for the action of the House at this
time upon this bill. If the House desire to
have discussion upon it, if they wish to consider
it more fully, they can vote down tho demand
for the previous question, and the whole subject
will then be before the House for discussion.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gakfiei.d,]
who introduced the bill has asked me to ) it-Id
to him for a moment for explanation. I will
do so, retaining my right to the floor.
Mr. GAltFIBLL). 1 introduced this bill at
an eaily day in the session, in hopes that it might
become a law, and not bo killed as it was last
winter by being delayed from time to time on
various pretexts at the special personal request
of individuals in this House and in the other
branch of the national Legislature. The bill
is very brief and easy of comprehension. It
is a plain declaration of the right of Congress
to regulate commerce between the States, and
strikes a blow at those hateful monopolies which
have so long been preying upon the body of
American industry. Tho subject is so well
understood by this House that it hardly needs
debate.
If, however, gentlemen desire to debate this
bill, I am as ready to debate it now as I was
last winter; but I will not consent, so far as
my vote will go, that it shall again be postponed
until killed by time. I will consent to nothing
more than a postponement to a day certain.
But I hope the House has already sufficient
intelligence upon the subject to act upon it
now.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I will ask my colleague
on the Committee on Commerce [Mr. YTash-
bckne, of Illinois,] to allow me to make a single
statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is but
fair that I should yield to the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. J. L. Thomas] for a moment.
Pie is a member of tho Committee on Com-
merce, and was opposed to this bill. I yield the
floor to him.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I desire to say sim-
ply that I rise here not for the purpose of advo-
cating the interest of any railroad in the State
of Maryland or elsewhere. I voted in com-
mittee . against reporting this bill to the House
this morning, for the reason so well stated by
my colleague on tho committee, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill,] that I con-
sider that this is a^question not proper to be laid
before the Committee on Commerce ; and I do
hope that before the House passes upon a bill
of this magnitude, with these constitutional
questions and questions of law involved in it,
they will not only first refer it to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, but that they will accept
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] and name a certain day for
tho consideration of this question, when any
gentleman who desires to give his reasons for
or against the adoption of this measure may-
have an opportunity to be heard.
I am opposed to the calling of the previous
question on these important measures, for it
stifles all freedom of speech. I have as much
right to be heard in this j'on e. on this and
other questions, as any other gentleman. This
is a question touching the rights and interests
of my own State. Although the bill does not,
on its face, purport to embra.ee any particular
railroad, it does embrace the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, and whether I am the advocate
of that railroad or not, I do come here for tho
purpose of endeavoring to protect the interests
of mv State, and for that purpose I have a right
to be heard ; and I do hope that for these con-
siderations the House will posiponethe consid-
eration of this bill, and make it the special or-
der for, say, the 11th of Jauuary.
