4026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
acquiesce in the law and it would be a good
law; but if it ia to be administered in the Uni-
ted States courts it will .meet with the fate of
the old law; and I think will be fatal to any-
body who will vote for its passage.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, 1 think the
United States ought; to have a bankrupt law;
but I think the last one tliey had, which pro-
vided for a voluntary system of bankruptcy,
was the very worst one we could have. If we
have a bankrupt law passed by the United
States, it must necessarily be administered in
the Federal courts and cannot be administered
in the State courts. In the first place, the
United States cannot impose upon the State
courts the duty of administering it; they must
administer it in their own courts. It must be
administered for a series of years, so as to be
generally understood and become the rule of
action for those entitled to the benefits of
bankruptcy throughout all the States, in order
that merchants and lawyers and business men
in all the States may come to understand it.
But I do not think that we are now in a situa-
tion to consider this bankrupt bill and give it
that deliberate action that we ought to do; and
I am against taking it up now or considering
it at this session. I rather expect that if the
bill is drawn as carefully as I understand it is,
when it comes to be acted upon at the next
session it will have my vote; but I have not
determined to vote for it, and I am not now
prepared for final action.
Mr. POMERO Y. I believe we have had this
question here for four years past, and there was
a general understanding when the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Connecticut, who
is now the Presiding Officer of this body, was
before us, that after the close of the war we
would consider it; that there would be new cases
calling for a law of this kind that we could not
turn away from on account of the exigencies
of the war, men in hopeless bankruptcy for no
fault of their own. Now, I say we ought to
take up the bill, and I do not intend to vote for
an adjournment until it is taken up and con-
sidered. We have had it here every year for
four years, and we agreed that at the close
of the war we would consider a bill of this
character. I trust wc shall now proceed to
do so.
Mr. HOWE. I agree with the Senator from
Kentucky that the United States ought to have
a bankrupt law, and in about a minute and a
half I shall be ready to vote to proceed to the
consideration of this bill; but for that time I
want to exert myself to save myself from bank-
ruptcy if I can. I have been struggling for an
hour to get the floor-to submit a motion that
•the Committee ou Claims be discharged from
the further consideration of the resolution for
the relief of Joseph Segar, and that he have
leave to withdraw the papers in that case; and
I appeal now to the magnanimity of the Sen-
ator from Vermont and the justice of the Sen-
ate to allow me to submit that motion.
Mr. CRESWELL. Will that save you from
bankruptcy? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Yes; I am then all right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The con-
sent of the Senator from Vermont does not
enable, the Senator from Wisconsin to submit
that motion without the consent of the Senate.
Mi:. IIOWE. I said that I appealed to the
magnanimity of the Senator from Vermont,
and to the justice of the Senate, to allow me
to submit this motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move, with the
consentof the Senator from Vermont, it being
one o'clock, to take up the miscellaneous
appropriation bill. He can make his motion
at some other time.
Mr. POLAND. No, sir, I desire to get a
vote upon it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I submit a motion
to take up the appropriation bill now, if such
a motion is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Another
motion being before the Senate, the Chair
thinks it is not in order. The pending mo-
tion must be disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to lay the
pending motion on the table.
Mr. POLAND. We are ready to take the
vote, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the vote being taken if it can be done at once,
but it is being discussed.
Mr. POLAND. I do not think anybody
desires to discuss this question further; cer-
tainly I do not. Let us have a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any object
in taking up the bill now, because the vote to
take it up is not a definite vote.
Mr. POLAND. We desire to make it so.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought not to antago-
nize the appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that his motion be to take up the
bill with a view to make it the special order
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. POLAND. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
Mr. CLARK. I may vote to take up the
bill or I may not vote to take it up; but [ en-
tirely refuse to have the vote I shall give on
that motion made a criterion as to how I may
be in regard to the bankrupt bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another matter.
Mr. CLARK. So I understand. I object to
its being regarded a criterion as to whether I
will consider the bill at this session. I do not
see any object in moving to take it up at the
present time if we are to immediately lay it
aside and take up another bill. I am willing
to take it up in the regular order of business
when we can do it and give it consideration,
and if it comes to that stage of the session that
we can pass it. I shall be ready then to act
upon it; but I do not see anything to be gained
by taking it up merely to lay it aside, because
I do not understand that is to be an indication
how the Senate may be upon it.
Mr. POLAND. I do not desire that the
vote upon this motion shall be a test of whether
Senators are in favor of the bankrupt bill or
against it; but I desire that it shall be a test
of whether the Senate design to proceed to the
consideration of the bill at this session. So far
I desire to have it a test.
Mr. CLARK. So far as I am concerned, I
cannot consent to that, because the miscellane-
ous appropriation bill now is in the order of
business to be considered, and I do not under-
stand that the Senator from Vermont proposes
to consider his bill now. But if presently we
shall come to that condition of business in the
Senate that we can take it up and go on with
its consideration, I will agree with him to do
so; and then if we can dispose of it at this ses-
sion I shall cheerfully do that.
Mr. LANE. This is a motion, as I under-
stand, to take up the bankrupt bill. I am op-
posed to the bankrupt bill now or at any other
time. I am opposed to taking it up now be-
cause it antagonizes with the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, which must be passed, and
I wish to consider the bounty bill, which is an
important bill, and the Army bill, that must
be passed before we adjourn. I therefore move
to amend the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont by postponing the consideration of the
bankrupt bill until the first Monday in next
December.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is not before the Senate, and a motion to post-
pone is not in order until the bill shall be
before the Senate.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend the motion
to take up by a motion to postpone.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it it is in order for
me to move to lay on the table the motion to
takeup. It certainly must be within thepower of
a legislative body at anytime to comc to a direct
vote. I move to lay on the table the motion
of the Senator from Vermont.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the motion of the
Senator from Vermont be laid upon the table.
The Chair is a little in doubt in regard to the
propriety of the motion, but is strongly of im-
pression that the late Vice President ruled such
a motion to be out of order. There must bs
some tangible subject before the Senate that
can be laid on the table by the motion to lay
on the table. Still, the Chair will entertain the
motion, but with some hesitation. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to lay on the table the motion of the Senator
from Vermont. That is not a debatable ques-
tion.
Mr. POLAND. I am perfectly willing that
the question shall bo taken in that form. I
merely desire to get the sense of the Senate,
whether they will proceed to the consideration
of the bill at this session, and I call for the
yeas and nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to inquire if there is now
any objection to my submitting the motion
which I asked leave to submit awhile ago.
Mr. JOHNSON. You can do that after-
ward.
Mr. HOWE. It is objected to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to lay on the table the motion of the Senator
from Vermont, and upon that question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Cowan,
Davis, Guthrie, -Henderson, Kirkwood, Lane, Mor-
rill, Sherman, Sprasjue, Trumbull, Van "Winkle, Wil-
ley, Williams, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—-Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Edmunds, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Harris, Johnson, MeDougall, Morgan,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner, and Yates—1*1.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cragin, Dix-
on, Doolittle, Eessenden, Hendricks,Howard, Howe,
Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Riddle, Saulsbury, Stewart,
Wade, and Wright—1.7.
So the motion to lay on the table prevailed.
approval op bills.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 23d instant, the following acts :
An act (S. No. 187) to amend the acts ap-
proved August 6, 1861, and July 16, 1862, es-
tablishing a Metropolitan police in the District
of Columbia, to increase the efficiency thereof,
and for other purposes j
An act (S. No. 145) for a grant of lands to
the State of Kansas to aid in the construction
of the Northern Kansas railroad and telegraph;
An act (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Mining and Manufacturing Company;
An act (S. No. 246) relating to public schools
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 277) for the relief of William
Cook;and
An act (S. No. 325) to give certain powers
to the levy court of the county of Washington,
in the District of Columbia.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 760) for the relief of
James C. Cook—to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
A bill (H. R. No. 792) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to furnish transportation to dis-
charged soldiers to whom artificial limbs are
furnished by the Government—to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 1U2) relative
to certain flags captured during the late war,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. If there is no objection, I
should like to have that resolution put on its
passage now.
Mr. JOIINSON. Let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
He it resolved, &c.. That the Secretary of "War ho
requested to transfer from the War Department to
the Executives of the several States for safe-keeping
the rebel flags captured by volunteer regiments dur-
ing the late war, sending to each State the colors
captured by the regiments from such State.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust that resolution w.ll
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I am aware that in two or three in-
stances therp j-egiments from two or three
