1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the subjects that we can report upon as fast as
we can, and calling for information, begging
for it, not only once, but twice and thrice, and
not getting it; I cannot stand here quietly and
take all the imputations that may comc from
any quarter as to a disposition to delay, and
not show what the reason is why time has gone
on and no action has been had upon this matter.
Sir, I rose simply to these two points: to ex-
plain in the first place what I understand by
this resolution, to answer the question which
has been raised so far as I could answer it in
regard to the constitutionality of our action,
show what I thought it necessary and advisable
for the Senate and House of Representatives to
do under the circumstances; and secondly, and
more than all, to rid myself once and forever,
as I hope, and the committee which 1 have the
honor to represent, from these imputations that
are cast upon them from one quarter and an-
other, by newspapers and others, of not domg
their duty and of delaying action upon a subject
upon which they could not act sooner, and to
show the reason why they could not act sooner
than they have done.
Sir, it would gratify me if I had time and the
hour was not so late to allude to some Jew ar-
guments that have been adduced against the
resolution, but I shall not open that matter
again. I never make promises to make a speech
in the future, but perhaps the tiino may comc
when I may deem it proper to say something
further upon the resolution pending in tlui Son-
ate for the amendment of the Constitution and
other kindred topics. 11 aving done on t lie pres-
ent occasion all that, 1 deemed it, advisable to
do with reference to (lie particular question now
before us, and L hope set the committee right
before the country with reference to its action,
and shown how the delay has been brought
about,, I leave the question here.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rise merely for the pur-
pose of asking the Senator I'rom Maine it' he
supposes that 1 imputed any delay to the com-
mittee. I did not.
Mr. FESSENDION. I have not heard any-
thing of that kind from the Senator from .Mary-
land.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am a member of the com-
mittee, and so far as I have been before the
committee I have seen no such disposition.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. 1 heard it, from dillor-
ont quarters. I heard it most distinctly lVom
the honorable Senator from West Virginia this
afternoon, and I have heard it, from other gen-
tlemen that we were not, noting in good faith.
The 1'RESIDENT ])ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana | Mr. 11uviuui'K's] to insert
the words "the inhabitants of" after the word
"States," in the fourth line of the resolution.
Mr. SAULSBU RY. 1 move to amend that
amendment by inserting the words "a portion
of whose" before the word "inhabitants," so
as to read, "a portion of whose, inhabitants
have been declared to be in insurrection.''
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PItESTDENT jiro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment, of the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, (whenhis name was call ed. 1
I vote "yea," because the proclamations all
state that the inhabitants and not the States
were in insurrection.
Mr. COWAN, (who had at first voted in the
aegative.) I change my vote to "yea." At
the time I voted before, I was not aware of
what the language of the old act was, whether
it was "the States which have been declared to
be in insurrection," or the inhabitants of the
States. I understand now that the language! is
" the inhabitants who have been in insurrec-
tion. '' I therefore vote '' yea.''
The result of the vote was announced—yeas
17, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Guthrie, Hondrioks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Stewart, Stockton, Van Winkle, and Witley—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conn ess, Crnifin, Creswcll, Fewnden, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Itowe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana, Morgan. Morrill, -Nye, Poland, jfomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—2D.
ABSENT — Messrs. Dixon, Foot, Howard, and
W right—4.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out in the first line the
words "by the House of Representatives, the
Senate concurring," and inserting in lieu of
these words " the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives in Congress assembled so as to
make it. read, "Resolved by the Senate and
House of Representatives in Congress assem-
bled." On this amendment 1 have only one
remark to submit. In section seven of the first
article of the Constitution, there is this clause:
"Every order, i evolution, or vote to which theoon-
currence of toe Senate ;:n,t House of Repre-a'natives
may be ncce^ary, (except, on a '{my-Mon of adjourn-
ment,) shall bo presented to the President of the
United States; mid beforo the same shall take effect,
shall be approved by him, or beintr disapproved by
him, shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate
and House of Representatives, according to the 1 ules
and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill."
This is not a question relating to an adjourn-
ment. J hold that the subject-mutter of the
resolution is the subject-matter of a hill by
Congress, or of a joint resolution bv Congress,
which, according to this provision of the Con-
stitution, it is absolutely necessary shall be
presented to the President of the United States
for his signature. If there* be any conflict
between the Congress of the United States and
the President of the United States in reference
to any proper subject-matter of either a bill or
a joint, resolution then that subject-matter ought
to be presented to the President, of the United
States for his approval. Holding the matter
embodied in this resolution, which is called a con-
current, resolution, but which, despite of its name,
is in liicl and in substance a joint, resolution, I
propose ihi-i ninemlmeiit, and with the distinct,
understanding that it, should go to the President
of the United States for his approval or disap-
proval. I ask for I ho yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. MeDOlfGALL. Mr. President, as a
favor from the Senator from Massachusetts, I
occupied the floor about one minute a short,
time since. I did not then say all I would de-
sire to say upon the pending question. If it be
possible lor an ascendent majority to carry
through such a proposition it is revolutionary
and slrikes at the foundation of tliis Republic
as established by its I miners. I would not make
this remark but that, I find the Senator from
Maine has gone beyond the six o'clock of the
eiening which waslixed for the vote,and there-
fore we are not absolutely limited as to time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It,was part of the agree-
ment that, htj, should have the privilege of
doing so.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I did not know that.
If it be so, it is all right and 1 find no fault.
I understand that this Government was or-
ganized with great care by men who were pari,
j of and who succeeded the Revolution of 177li,
and the men who organized the Constitution of
j 1787 were of the largest minds who have pro-
I duced thought m this Republic. I learned
! some of my lessons from them, and from my
! early boyhood I have kept the Federalist at
] my side that I might, learn what was said by
1 Madison and Jay and others who were the
. wise men of a wiser period than this period
I when we arc now extant. Tlicy studied the
j organizations of all the old Governments from
I long antiquity; they were familiar with the
j Aeropagitcs; they were familiar with theprin-
| ciples of the Achajan League; they were fa-
i miliar with the founders of republican Rome;
: they weie familiar with the men who built the
: republics of Italy, some of which republics
j still continue. They were great and 1 think
j they were wise men. They possessed the idea
; that to establish a republic there must be a
I distribution of power, and that in the distri-
bution they must make equivalents. There-
fore the idea which has been expressed and
expounded by every man who has studied the
science and art of this nation is this: the
executive, the judicial, and the legislative
branches shall be all equally conducted; the
President himself coming from the people as
a tribune with his greatest power to say "I
forbid;" the Senate coining from the organized
States representing concentrated communities;
the House of Representatives coming directly
from the people, representing them immedi-
ately.
In order to give sufficient independence to
the legislative department of the Government,
it is laid down in the Constitution that each
House is to judge of the qualifications of its
own members. The Senate, designed to have
been the most dignified body in this Republic,
was authorized by the terms of the Constitution
to say who might cuter the Senate Hall as the
representative of any State in the Union. That
power was conferred upon the Senate by the
people of the United States because it was the
people of the United States whoniadethe Con-
stitution of the United States and established
it, as they hoped, forever. They authorized
each one who had the right to claim his place
here to be a judge to determine the, qualifica-
tions of anv person who presented himself here
to claim the right, of a Senator, and in that
respect, the Senate is sovereign. So the House
of Representatives, the body that represents the
people directly, is authorized to say who has
a right to take his seat from any organized
Slate or any organized Territory, and its judg-
ment m that respect, is sovereign. We are, if
you please, a trinity in unity. '1 hese three
great departments of the Government realize
that ancient idea which is illustrated by all
nature.
it would be one of the greatest wrongs that
could be perpetrated by the great body repre-
sentative of the States of the American Union,
if they .should by a resolution like this ignore
their own right of judgment. It is that and
nothing lessthan that. Jt may be disguised. It
makes me sad of heart that Senators who have
risen high enough in the estimation of their re-
spective communities to be sent to this forum
should come forward and present such a propo-
sition, tosay nothing of itscoming from the com-
mittee of fifteen. Why should the Senate of the
United States in its judgment on such a question
take counsel outside of its own body? We have
been commissioned to judge; wc are bound to
judge; we cannot part with the ollice ; it is ours
unless we are too cowardly to assert our right
of o'liee. I am, I believe, too great a coward
to do a conscious wrong; and with what little
courage 1 may possess, I would not dare to
vote for this proposition because 1 have some
regard for the great Judge who lives above.
1 have heard it said, or at least suggested,
" Well, no matter what the Constitution says,
this is right;" and I have heard on this floor a
Senator appealing from the Constitution to the
Almighty, who he says infuses him with the
fifth element. It may be so with him; but
then he ought to go and put himself with the
gods and not sit in the Senate Hall among men
who live in a concrete world where we do not
understand always exactly what is right.
Mr. President, the question pending now, as
simple as it appears, as practically useless as it
will be as a rule if passed, is yet mischievous.
It, will have no validity, because it is not within
the power of the Senate to pass it. It will be
my right to ignore it, the right of every Sena-
tor, and the right of every man who represents
!' the Government in office. It is, however, in
II the way of teaching bad precedents, false law,
|| unsound loyalty. These things are like the
j worms that eat into the majestic oaks, which
| arc used to build vessels to ride the sea, and
I decay their strength so that they fall down and
make wrecks of navies.
These things ought not to be done by men
who earnestly and truthfully mean to maintain
republican institutions in America. These
things should not be done, because it is only by
