1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
our adherence to great principles and great
truths that we can maintain ourselves as our
fathers maintained themselves, and as I trust
we may maintain ourselves yet through all this
tribulation.
Mr. President, I have said this much to have
it understood distinctly how I comprehend this
proposition. I hold it to be one full of infinite
mischief.
Mr. SATJLSBURY. I ask leave to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays on the
amendment which I have submitted, because I
know of course that it will be voted down, and
I have got my opinion in regard to it on record.
I do not propose, therefore, to take up tho
time of the Senate. I ask permission to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays, and I am
even willing to withdraw tho amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen- j
ator from Delaware asks common consent of j
the Senate to withdraw his amendment. It !
can only be done by general consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. No objection
being made, the proposed amendment is with-
drawn. The question is on the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire before the vote
is taken to interpose a motion that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion can be entertained only by unanimous eon-
sent, another question being before the body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it until a
vote has been taken on the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mx-. POLAND, (when Mr. Foot's name
was called.) I suppose it is well known here
in the Senate that my colleague is prevented
by sickness from being present to vote; but it
may not be known to his constituents anil the
country, as he desires it to be, that if present
he would vote for the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER, {when Mr. Howard's
name was called.) My colleague who obtained
leave of absence this morning, desired me to
say that if present he would vote for this reso-
lution.
The result of the vote was announced—yeas
29, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness.Cragin, Creswell, I'essenden, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana. Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,_
Doolittie, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Lano of
Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, Nesmitli, Norton,
Kiddle, Saulabuiy, Stewart, Stockton, and Vau
Winkle—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Foot, Howard, and Wright—3.
So the resolution was concurred in.
message from the i10usk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, the Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 93)
to quiet the title to certain lands within the
corporate limits of the city of San Francisco;
ana the bill (S. No. 142) for the relief of the
heix-s of James Bawdin.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 846) for the relief
of Hugh Leddy; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS lu'.FJSHr.ep.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally'read twice by then-
titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 8G) making additional
appropriations, and to supply _ deficiencies in
the appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
tho Government for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1866, and for other purposes—
to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of Chris-
tina Elder—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of R.
L. 13. Clarke—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Hugh
Leddy—to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRO WN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 2, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in or-
der is the call of committees for reports of a
private nature, commencing with the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
chaplain's tn tiin navy.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy
in response to a resolution of February 27, 1866,
transmitting the names of the present chaplains
of the Navy, with the date of their appoint-
ment and the State from which they were
appointed; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
printing and paper for treasury.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from tho Secretary of the
Treasury relative to the cost of paper, printing,
and advertising of that Department for theyear
1865: which was referred to the Committee on
Printing, and ordered to be printed.
c'oxtis&'i'iu) elkctiox, missouri.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
evidence in the contested-election case of Boyd
vis. Kelso, fourth congressional district of the
State of Missouri; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections, and ordered to he
printed.
pacific railroad and telegraph,
Mr. IIIGBY, hv unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of California concerning an
act to aid in the construction of an overland
railroad and telegraph; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to bo printed.
in'cre.vse of the regular arms".
Mr. SCHENCK, byunanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolution of the General As-
sembly of the State of Ohio relative to an in-
crease of the regular Army, and recommending
the appointment of competent volunteer officers
to fill positions therein; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
safety of steamboat travel.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill further to provide for the
safety of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
to regulate the salary of steamboat inspectors,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
william a. west.
Mr. COFFROTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of William A.
West, late marshal of the Territory of_Ne-
braska: which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
bounties to soldiers.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tin; following resolution: which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of provid-
ing by law thai soldiers •vrho enlisted in 1861and 1862.
and served more than ono year, and were discharged
in consequence) of disease contracted, in the service,
shall receive the Government bounty to which they
"would have boon entitled had they served two years.
EXPENDITURES OF AGRICULTURAL BUREAU-.
Mr. MOULTON. ^ I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution- for imme-
diate action:
Resolved, Th at tho report of the Commissioner ofthe
Agricultural Bureau, mads to this House in answer
to a resolution of inquiry, bo referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, with power to send for persons and
papers in relation to said report, should said commit-
tee deem it necessary.
Mr. SPALDING-. I object.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL, .
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, reported a
bill to construct a ship-canal around the falls
of Niagara; which was read a first and second,
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to that committee.
MEMORIALS FROM ALABAMA AND GEORGIA.
Mr. BOUTWELL.- I have two petitions
here : one from loyal white citizens of Ala-
bama, the other from loyal black citizens of
Georgia, five hundred aud fifty-eight in num-
ber. Tho petitions are quite brief, and I ask
consent of the House to have them read.
No objection was made.
The Clerk read the following petition:
Wc, the undersigned, colored citizens of the State
of Georgia, respectfully represent that we are loyal,
always have been loyal, and will remain loyal; and
in order to make our loyalty most effective in the
service of the Government, we humbly petition to be
allowed to exercise the right of suffrage.
The memorial was referred, under the rule,
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The other memorial is
one from the citizens of Alabama, "setting
forth their grievances."
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
petition, as follows:
To Ids Excellency Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, und Senators and Representatives in
Cong rev# :
The subscribers, who have always been uncompro-
mising Union citizens of northern Alabama 
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, how does that
paper come before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bootwell] asked consent of
the House to have the petition read. Tho
Chair stated audibly to the House the request
of the gentleman, ana there was no objection
made.
Mr. NIBLACK. If that is a memorial of
-white men I do not object to its reading. If it
is from colored men I do object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the objection of the gentleman is made too
late, the reading of the memorial having been
commenced. But for the information of the
gentleman the Chair will state that the me-
morial now being read is from white men.
The Clerk resumed and concluded reading
the memorial, as follows:
The subscribers, who have always been uncompro-
mising Union citizens of northern Alabama, would
most respectfully lay before you the statement of
their deplorable condition, socially and politically,
and ask you for relief. .
Among the petitioners arc sixty members ot the hrst
Alabama cavalry, who were among General Sher-
man's escort through the South. Several had rela-
tions and friends murdered in cold blood by the rebels;
othershadtofleefortheirlives; and nearly all of them
suffered greatly forthesakeoftheirprinciples. All of
them aided the cause of the United States py every
means in their power; and they are now, of course,
the special objects of hatred to the rebel aristocracy.
They would mo«t respectfully state that nearly all
the offices of tho State government are ill the hands
of those who arc hostile to thenalional Government.
Some of the former officers of the confederacy nave
either been reappointed or reelected by rebel votes.
The late elections were a mere farce, as none ox the
requirements as to oath, &c., were complied wi™1*
In many cases loyal men wero kept from the polls by
threats of violence. . , , ,
Tn consequence of this state of affairs the loyal peo-
ple, and particularly those who have m any way
aided the cause of the national Government during
the war, are entirely at the mercy of their enemies,
the rebels- and they cannot obtain an impartial
judgment in any court of justice. In many cases
Union soldiers have been and are yet imprisoned
without the shadow of a legal cause and their prop-
erty taken from them. . .
They would, therefore, most respectfully- petition
your Exeellency not to remove the national troops
from this part of the country until those in power
and the people at large shall have given more satis-
factory evidence of their loyalty.
