1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3067
itself to all considerate minds as a most sover-
eign specific for all the ills of government, and
is worthy of the source whence it emanates.
.DOES IT OPPOSE THE PRESIDENT ?
When has Congress interfered with the rights
or privileges of the President? We enact laws,
and it is our privilege; he vetoes them, which
is his privilege; we pass them over his veto
if we can, which is our right; and when wc
cannot, we submit, which is our duty. Who
can find any cause of censure in all this? He
is busy settling the disorders of the insurgent
States. Whether he is using more or less
power than the Constitution confers upon him
Congress has not offended him by even sug-
gesting the inquiry. If he can restore peace
and submission and order and loyalty in those
States Congress will not complain. How, then,
is Congress regarded as embarrassing the Pres-
ident insomuch that he is counseled to send a
posse of soldiers and disperse Congress for
being contumacious ? Has the President asked
for an appropriation and Congress refused it?
Has he asked for power and Congress refused
it? Never! Has Congress attempted to in-
terfere with his labors in the rebel States ? Not
in a single instance. He has been left to the
full exercise of his will in this matter, and Con-
gress has made no movement to curb his pur-
poses or question the propriety of his measures.
WHAT CONGRESS HAS DONH.
It has assumed to be the judge of the elec-
tion and qualification of its own members, and
to decide when and upon what terms and guar-
antees the rebel States shall be restored to their
practical relations in the Union. Does any
one doubt the right of Congress so to deter-
mine? Is it not the bounden duty of Congress
to do this? And in so doing, what right, what
attribute of power, belonging to the President,
is disturbed? Not one! Congress passed the
Freedmen's Bureau bill because they deemed
it, expedient; the President vetoed it for the
same reason. Congress performed their duty
and were content; the President discharged
his, and was likewise content, as we suppose.
Is there anything in all this to justify the cry
of tyranny against Congress and to invoke the
mob? Congress passed the civil rights bill;
the President vetoed it; Congress was suffi-
ciently united in the conviction of its propriety,
and they passed it over the veto. All this was
done in the proper and respectful exercise of
unquestioned constitutional right. Can any
mortal man discern any wrong in this for
which the violence of a mob should be em-
ployed.to chastise Congress?
BUT Till: COMMITTEE OP FIFTEEN !
That is the unpardonable sin. If the con-
stitution of that committee has been the stum-
bling-block to any, it is because they have not
well considered the subject. Both branches
of Congress were alike interested in the solu-
tion of the difficulties presented, and it was
respectful to the two Houses that they pro-
ceeded in the matter with a full understanding
of each other's views and purposes. They could
do this by a joint committee ; they could in no
other way do it so well or so satisfactorily. It
was the pleasure of Congress so to proceed,
and that of itself should be an answer to all
complain era; it worked no hardship, no op-
pression ; produced no complaint from either
branch, and was easily dissolved at any mo-
ment when Congress should find it inconven-
ient or injurious to just and proper legislation.
IT OFFENDED TnE PKESIDEXT.
If he took offense at the manner in which
Congress disposed of its business it was his
own misfortune, and not the fault of Congress.
It would be a dangerous precedent to set for
either department to assume a supervision
over the manner of discharging their respect-
ive duties. Congress takes its own method in
dispatching business: so does the President;
each acting in view of their respective convic-
tions of propriety and duty. How can this be
the subject-matter of offense? The President
may have been desirous for the speedy admis-
sion of southern members, and as far as Con-
gress was concerned it had no personal grati-
fication in disobliging the President, but upon
honest conviction of duty took the course indi-
cated. Should that offend the President and
justify his eleventh-hour admirers in denoun-
cing Congress and threatening it with violence?
Reverse the case, and see how ridiculous the
pretense of insult to the President becomes.
The President knew how anxious Congress was
for the success of the civil rights bill, but from
a sense of duly he was compelled to disoblige
Congress by vetoing it. Now, suppose Con-
gress had lost sight of its good sense and pro-
priety, and had run into a rage, and vituperated
bitterly, in and out of Congress, and had threat-
ened • him with a mob to expel him from the
White House, who would have dared to stand
up and justify such folly on the part of Con-
gress? No sensible man on earth. And yet
that is the extent, of our offending, simply
daring to do our duty in a free, independent,
and constitutional manner.
IIL'T WHY SL'CH )>]5!AY?
There is no rule that prescribes the speed
with which legislation must progress. The ex-
perience of the world is, that wise laws are
rarely the product of hasty legislation. Ordi-
nary-measures may be passed upon with less
deliberation, because if found imperfect they
may be improved at any time. Not so with
this great work of reconstruction ; when it is
molded into legal form and sent forth as a
law it can never be recalled for amendment,
as ordinary laws. The interest of eleven States
and the destiny of the Union hang upon its
provisions. How could haste be recommended
under such circumstances? It, would have
been criminal in Congress to have jeoparded
the peace and future prosperity of the nation
by precipitate action, whereby blunders may
have intervened to annoy our people for a
generation to comc, without the means of
remedy. If the measures proposed shall se-
cure a happy restoration of the Union upon
principles of justice and equity, and confer
upon the friends of the Union the power and
the duty of controlling its destiny, then I am
sure no loyal man will murmur at the time
bestowed upon the work. That men of trea-
sonable instincts and proclivities will com-
plain is not unexpected, for against the wiles
of such evil-disposed creatures, who have
already stained our land with blood, we have
taken the utmost care to guard our country,
and the more they clamor and denounce the
measure the more will we be assured it has
accomplished the desired object.
NO CONFLICT WITH THE PRESIDENT.
Although it is not required that Congress
should defer to the peculiar notions of the
President in its legitimate action upon this or
any other subject, it is respect,ful that no un-
necessary demonstrations of fretful antagonism
should be made. Congress has not lost sight
of its dignity in the progress of this business ;
and the measures adopted do not militate
against those employed by the President. The
more successful he may have been in prepar-
ing the rebel States for a return, the sooner
that return will be accomplished. His work
is not destroyed or impaired. Peace and order
and loyalty must precede restoration. The
Army began that work, and the President took
up the work where the Army left off, and Con-
gress follows in the wake of the President; all
tending in the same direction, having the same
object in view—the restoration of the Union.
NO QUARREL WITH THE PRESIDENT.
Congress has no quarrel with the President;
it has sought none. Evil-disposed persons,
eager for such mischief that they may fatten
upon the calamities that would necessarily fall
upon the country from such a rupture, are doing
-what they can to produce that result. They
miy have had some success in sowing the seed
of discord, but, relying upon the good sense of
the President and Congress, and upon their
patriotism, I have faith in the final success of
the great measures of restoration and of the
ultimate harmony and hearty cooperation of all
the departments of the Government in the con-
summation of this great work. And when the
Union shall be restored, under the proposed
plan, it will be upon a platform of even-handed
justice to all men, so far as Congress lias the
power to prescribe, leaving to the States the
exercise of those reserved rights of sovereignty
which the Constitution has wisely secured to
them, and which they are so justly zealous to
maintain.
WIIY SHOULD WE SUNDER?
Now that the rebellion has been subdued,
peace restored, and the States about to resume
their places once more in the Union, free from
all causes tending to future irritation, with a
glorious future opening for the encouragement
of all who love their country, why should the
Union men, who have stood side by side and
shoulder to shoulder through all the dreary
hours of doubt and conflict and blood, lending
their energies of body and mind, and enlisting
their hearts and souls in the cause of the Union,
now that the glorious consummation is at hand,
why should they separate? In G-od's name, let
us yet be brothers; if in the hour of our calam-
ities wo were united, let us not degrade the dig-
nity of our manhood or impeach the purity of
our patriotism by an unwise separation in the
hour of our final triumph.
reconstruction.
Mr. VAN AEUNAM. Mr. Speaker, I need
not assure this House that I approach the
investigation of "the subject, under considera-
tion with hesitation and embarrassment. With
hesitation, because of the importance and mag-
nitude of the subject. With embarrassment,
because little new can be said on this subjcct,
so often discussed here by abler men. But,
Mr. Speaker, in a crisis like the present, when
the great and peculiar problem of national
reconstruction is set before us, and questions
entirely new in human history are presented
for solution, it behooves us to address our-
selves to the most earnest consideration of this
problem and its attendant questions. And, sir,
without, detaining this House by preliminary
remarks, I will approach the subject at once,
and ask, where has the war left the States lately
in rebellion in their governmental relations?
President Johnson, in his proclamations issued
with the view of giving provisional governments
to these States, says that the rebellion "in its
revolutionary progress deprived the people of
these States of all civil government.'' And
this doctrine, seven times repeated by him, was
the basis, solely, upon which those "provisional
governments" were founded.
Senator Lank, of Indiana, says:
"It pcems to mo that counsel has been darkened
on this subjcct in the statement of the question. A
portion of tho people and of the Senate believe that
these States arc yet in the Union; another portion
believe that these States are yet out of tho Union;
and the difficulty of dealing with that question is
that both of these contradictory answers are right and
both arc wront?! Torntoiially, these States aiein tho
Union; the communities in tne^e rebel States are. in
the Union; their citizens are citizcns of thcseUnited
States. But the practical question is, whether these
people are now, at this time, in such relation to tho
Government, of the United States as to be entitled to
participate in the legistion ot the Republic. 1 take
the ground that although territorially they arc in tho
Union, although tho Government, by the rebellion,
has lost no single power that it ever had to cnlorco
the law?, to compel obedience, and to carryon all
the machinery of the General Government, these
rebel States have voluntarily forfeited and abdicated
every right. They are no longer to be rccognizcd
as a governing power under the Constitution of tho
United States."
I apprehend, Mr. Speaker, that both these
answers are correct, and that this is the pre-
cise position they occupy practically. Have
they as States any share whatever in the Gov-
ernment of the country ? Are they not in fact
out of the Union as a governing power or part-
nership, but in it as a governed community?
They are in the Union so far as Territories are
in the Union, and no further. Prom courtesy
we may call them States, if we choose, but in
their practical relations they are E-imply Terri-
tories, and nothing more. I know, recently,
gentlemen have been somewhat averse to pro-
claim the doctrine thus broadly. But why
