3068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
should they? This is really the condition in
which they have been held by every depart-
ment of the Government.
Congress has assumed that the rebel States
had no .rights as States in closing their ports
to all commerce. Could Congress provide
under the Constitution in a tariff bill that the
ports of New York shall be opened and the
ports of another State closed?
The Supreme Court of the United States has
held in the decisions in the prize cases "that
all persons residing within the territory occu-
pied by the hostile (rebel) party in this contest
are enemies of the United States."
Can public enemies, Mr. Speaker, have a
right to control and govern this Union? Away
■with such nonsense! Nor is this all; the Pres-
ident has also assumed that the rebel States
had no rights as States when he appointed
provisional governors; ordered conventions ;
dictated the terms of the constitutions thus to
be formed; directed who should vote, and who
should be eligible to sit in the convention and
hold office; and what oath they should take ;
and in annulling laws passed by the Legisla-
tures of these Stales; and in deposing men
elected to office. Is it competent for the Pres-
ident of the United States to order Now York
or any other State to call a convention and
change her constitution at his will and in terms
prescribed by him? I trust not.
These late rebellious States withdrew from
the Union by their own deliberate, voluntary
act as governing members, and contemptuously
renounced all their privileges in it.
Is the action of Stales of so little consequence,
such child's play, that they can spurn from
them these rights and privileges and yet have
the same title to them as before? And for this
withdrawal and renunciation they had no reason
nor provocation, except that being in a minor-
ity they could not always rule in the Union as
they had done during a greater pari of its
existence.
Their motto was the demoniac one, "Rule
or ruin.'' Thank Cod, they have not been able
to ruin us in war! Shall wo now tamely and
ignobly permit them to rule and ruin us in
peace ?
After these acts of secession, or in many
cases in anticipation of them, they seized by
force or fraud all the United Stales property
they could lay their hands upon—navy-yards,
custom-houses, forts, arms, ammunition, ar-
senals— and traitors in power, Government
officials, had violated then- oaths and abused
the trust reposed in then: byaconliding people,
by taking especial care that this property should
be as large and exposed as possible, and that
the North should be deprived as far as might
be of the means of defense.
What reward are we bound to render for these
acts of shameless treachery and robbery ? They
fired upon our flag because we would not, yield
everything to their proud and arrogant demands
and commit national suicide. They plotted,
nay attempted, to take our capital by force of
arms, and to install treason and rebellion su-
preme in the highest and most sacred places
of the nation.
Confident oft ho success of the schemes which
they had been so long concerting, while we
had been unsuspicious and resting in fancied
security, boasting that their banner would soon
wave in triumph over the Capitol here, and
wishing to take the fullest advantage of our
unprepared condition, they proceeded without
delay to open, direct, unprovoked war. Thus
proceeding, they of course subjected themselves
to the laws of war. This they well knew and
understood, and were willing to abide the con-
sequences; consequences which they in their
pride believed would be triumph for themselves
and defeat and humiliation for us. At least
they were ready, yea, anxious, to take the risk.
Nor could they plead ignorance of the laws of
war. These laws have written themselves in
blood upon so many of the pages of history that
they arc, alas, too well understood by all. The
fires of war always burn up parchments and
compacts.
" By a state of war that of society is abol-
ished," is the sententious maxim of law. All
friendly relations and partnerships cease when
men seize each other by the throat in a death
struggle. Knowingly and wickedly and volun-
tarily they committed to the dread arbitrament
of war the whole subject of their relations to
their before sister States. If conquerors, they
would become sovereign and independent; if
conquered, they must submit to the common lot
of the vanquished—they must become a sub-
ject people and their land conquered territory.
Against all our remonstrances, onr earnest en-
treaties, our offers of degrading compromises,
and even humiliating concessions, they insisted
on staking their all and our all upon this hor-
rid game of bloody war, and they have lost,
thank Heaven, they have lost!
Now, do they come and say that all this has
meant nothing ; that all these long years of
mustering hosts, of crimson battle-fields, of
sufferers' groans, of widows' tears, of orphans'
cries, and of prisoners' torments, have meant
nothing ; and that now we are bound to throw
all up, what wo have gained by these four years
of bloody war, and play the game over again
in the arena of these Halls, and let them return
to the Union with plenary powers and without
conditions-precedcnt? Play the game_ over
again! Merciful God!
Yes, that is the meaning; that is what is
really contained in every appeal for the indul-
gent treatment of the erring but chivalrous
South; that is the dream of southern ambition.
But should we fail to secure what we have won
at such terrible cost, we will be false to our-
selves, false to humanity, and recreant to the
great, sacrifices wc have made, and will deserve
the maledictions of mankind and the vengcancc
of Heaven.
Why should we not insist on conditions before
these States are restored to fellowship and
power again? Will any one say thai the South
has waged this war with such peculiar honor
and humanity that the usual laws of war ought
not, to apply in (heir case? To what facts
will he appeal in vindication and continuation
of this plea? Will he point to the surprises by
which the war was sprung upon us, or turn to
the persecutions of the loyalists of the South
by threats, by confiscation, by exile, by im-
prisonment,, and by hanging? Will he recall
our attention to the schemes for desolating
the North by pestilence and conflagration and
insurrection.
Will he ask us to remember the plot for the
murder of the President-elect on his first ap-
proach to the scene of his labors, and to his
assassination when his labors were nearing the
goal of accomplishment? Will he urge upon
us the recollection of the refusal of quarter
upon the battle-field, and the cold-blooded,
heartless massacre of the unresisting? Or will
he, invoke us to look at the prison pens in
which so many thousands of patriot soldiers
were shut up like sheep for the slaughter, for
cold and heat and hunger and storms and dis-
ease, and for the tyranny of brutal keepers to
work their will upon until death should come,
or such exhaustion that they might be ex-
changed, as those from whom nothing could
bo feared in the future?
Let us attempt the folly to proceed to a
restoration of the Union without guarantees,
and the expectations of permanent harmony
between the two great sections of our country
will prove an idle dream. It will be the vain
cry of "Peace, peace," and there will be,
permanently, no "peace" for us.
That profound thinker and practical states-
man, Robert Dale Owen, in discussing this
subject, says:
"Wo can never, indeed, forgot—God forbid that
we should—the terrible consequences of treason; tho
hardships, the sufferings, the lost lives, the parents
and widows bereaved, the countless thousands of
homes made desolate among us. But to avert evils
m the future better befits a Christian people than to
avenge injuries of the past. Let us learn of the de-
spised and the lowly. Is it we only who have inju-
ries to requite? What were our sufferings during :
the war compared to the thousand wrongs perpe- j
tratedthroughoutgenerationsagainstthc millions of '
southern slaves ? But though the iron entered into
their souls, did they return evil for evil? Did they
forget when the day of liberation dawned the words
of tho toxt,'Vengeance is mine, I will repay, saith
the Lord?'
44 If there be among our people a revengeful cle-
ment let us not pander to it. Ifwe iiupo.se condi-
tions before we restore political rights to those who,
defyinglawand Constitution by force of arms, bccamo
public enemies, it ought to be in defense, not in
requital.
" 'If we impose conditions.' To a dispassionate
looker-on it mustseem strange that, here in the North,
that should be a question at all. At the close of a
four years' embittered war—producing a radical
change in the legal and social condition of four mil-
lion people, creating two vast antagonistic public
debts, and entailing a thousand diversities of inter-
est between millions on one side and millions on the
other—it would be a thing incredible that government
could be properly or safely resumed, without stipu-
lation or precaution, as if nothing had happened.
At such a juncture in our national affairs wise pre-
cautionary measures are as strictly a dictate of duty
as they arc clcaiiy a matter of right.
"As to the right in this case, the space I prescribe
to myself forbids more than a few words, even if I
deemed it moFeneccssary than I do formally to argue
a question so plain.
' I shall not. therefore, here broach the speculative
inquiry, what is the precise legal status of the late in-
surgent States? A mere technical view of a great
subject is always a contracted one. Questions in-
volving the life or death of nations are not decided
by fine-drawn theories. Good Abraham Lincoln,
with that sagacious common sense which marked the
man, when alluding, in the la.stspeech he ever made,
to the disputed point whether the seccded States
'arein the Union or out of it,'said 'That question
has not been nor yet is a practically material one;
and any discussion of it while it thus remains practi-
cally immaterial can have no other effect than the
mischievous one of dividing our friends.'
"Neither shall I institute any inquiry as to our
power at this time to impose conditions-precedent
to restoration. It, by the sacrifice of three hundred
thousand lives and, three thousand millions of treas-
ure, the North has not won the right to decide what
guarantees arc needed to avert in the future th$
perils and the sufferings of the past, then the chap-
ters on war and peace in the code of international
law aro so much waste paper; then no rights can bo
obtained by conquest; then the sword is a worthless
weapon, fitted only to destroy, impotent to save.
"Ere we deny such a right we must blot from the
^ooks some of the best known and most universally
recognized principles of public law. We must reject
the accepted doctrine that civil war is subject to the
same general rules as foreign war; or else we must
refuse assent to what every publicist of repute has set
forth (and what commonscnse suggests) as anionic the
most important of national rights and duties; the
rule, namely, that a nation, especially a victor na-
tion, ought to piotcct itself not only against imme-
diate but against prospective dangers. Deriving all
rights attendant on conquest from 'justifiable self-
defenso,' Vattcl says:
"'When the conqueror has subdued a hostile na-
tion he may, if prudence so require, render her inca-
pable of doing mischief with the same ease in future.'
K -1" 'If the safety of the State lies at
stake, our precaution and foresight cannot be ex-
tended too tar. Must we delay to avert our ruin until
it has become inevitable?' * '* '■ 'An
injury gives a right to piovide for our future safety
by depriving the unjust atrgressor of tho means of
injuring us.'—- Vattr/, book 3, sections 201, 44. 45.
" To us, and not to the 'unjust aggressor who ap-
pealed to the wager of battle and lost, belongs at
this time the right to decide what guarantees are
needed for the public safety, and how that 'unjust
aggiessor' bhall be rendered 'incapable of doing mis-
chiefwith the same ease in future.' Dearly we paid
for that right! We shall commit a folly unparalleled
in the annals of nations if wc nccclect to use it.
"But if all things arc lawful for us, all things are
not expedient. Thus, though due time must be taken
for the maturing and consummation of precaution-
aiy measures, yet, on the other hand, one section of
a Republic containing a fourth of its inhabitants
cannot, except for a season, safely be shut out from
Federal leprcscntation. Therefore the political rights
of the States lately in insurrection should be restored
to them at the earliest day consistently with the
peace and safety of the country."
So by their own acts, by the laws of war, by
the great axioms of the universal law of right,
the rebellious States have forfeited, abdicated,
and jost their position, and all the rights and
privileges which they held as governing mem-
bers in the Union, while by their failure in war
they are still retained, and most justly so, un-
der the authority of the General Government.
The rebel General Thompson, in his farewell
address to his troops, very pithily expressed a
clear comprehension of the real state of the
case, and of their position:
" You must remember now that you have no rights,
and can only claim such as may be given you by the
conquerors, and the less you say about polities until
you have become naturalized the better for you."
This is the common-sense, practical view of
the case by one who had fought bravely to es-
tablish the "confederacy" when the humilia-
tion of defeat was upon him, and before the
