SHE OOMGI1SSIONAL' GLOBE.
July 28,
the state of things at the time; theproperty was
taken. Therefore, in my judgment, if a slave-
holder was entitled to $>SQQ when Ms slave was
taken, he continued to be entitled to $300, al-
though slavery was abolished two years after-
ward. I do not admit, for one, that the slave-
holder was'erititled, as a just compensation, to
any sum whatever,:beeause I think that, accord-
ing to the theory of our Government, these
slaves were so far persons as that the Govern-
ment had a just claim upon them as upon all
other persons for military service, and there-
fore that, their owners were not-entitled to any
compensation in the nature of property any
mqre [than they were for their sons, or their
white hired servants, or their free colored ser-
vants. Bi(t perhaps it is nflt the proper time
to debate that question now. My only present
proposition is, that taking this law of 1864
just as it stands, and taking the admitted- fact
that we do not know now, and cannot now
a>eertain, except by an indefinite estimate
amounting to nothing more than a mere guess,
how ranch will be required to fulfill the so-
caHed obligation of this act, we ought not to
make any provision for the payment out of the
Treasury of this money until all the claims of
these persons shall be ascertained and brought
forward. Then will be time enough to provide
for an appropriation to pay them.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Vermont I have no doubt is right, and I
endeavored to maintain that opinion in the Sen-
ate when it was proposed to enlist in the Army
the slaves, that In their character of persons
they owed allegiance to the United States and
eould be enlisted in the armies of the United
States; but that was not what was done. Con-
gress not only authorized their enlistment into
the military service of the United States, but
very properly declared that they should be free.
'They were not to return to their masters as
slaves at the termination of their military ser-
vice, but the moment they became soldiers of
the United States that fact of itself gave them
the right of freedom; and in that! concurred.
I thought it would have been most unjust to
summon those people into the field and submit
them to the perils of war, reserving the right
to return them afterward to a state of slaveiy.
But another course was pursued. The language
of the act of 18G4is, ''and thereupon such slave
shall be free.'! Free when? Free when he is
a slave of a loyal master and shall be drafted
and mustered into the service of the United
States, and his master shall have a certificate
thereof. _ Then he is to be free, and then the
master is to be entitled to whatever may be
allowed him under the provisions of this act.
Now, although I do not propose to discuss the
question (because, as I understand, the amount
in the Treasury renders it wholly unnecessary)
of the commutation fund, and that this.act con-
tains a contract between the United States and
the master which compfels the United States to
pay the amount which it promises, the mode
ol payment, the provision that it was to be paid
out ol the commutation fund in the hands of
the Treasury, was adopted by the United States
for its own benefit. It was a specification of
the fund out of which the payment was to be
made, buthad nothingto do with the obligation
which the United States assumed by the law
to pay the master whose slave, with his con-
sent, went into the service of the United States.
But the commutation fund is some seven or
eight million dollars, as I understand.
Mr. CUES WELL. Nine million five hun-
dred and fourteen thousand nine hundred and
twenty-three dollarsand forty-five cents,accord-
ing to the report of the Secretary of War.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, it is perfectly cer-
tain, I think, that that amount will be much
more than sufficient to meet all the demands
that can be made under the provisions of this
section, with the aid of the amendment sug-
gested by the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts. The condition of the slaveholders
n Maryland, whose slaves have gone into the
service, is that commissioners were appointed
to ascertain the amount that each was entitled
to, and the commissioners have long since re-
ported, and the amount would long siuce have
been paid to the Maryland slaveholders if-the
United States had not abolished the commis-
sion and for a time used the fund for another
purpose, or, rather, directed that thefundshould
not be used for this particular purpose under
an apprehension that the wants of the United
Stat'es .might require iit. to be used for a differ-
ent purpose. This fund bears no interest; and
I appeal to the Senate to know whether, under
the circumstances, when there can be no pos-
sible daugerthat a dollar will be taken out of
the Treasury, except from the particular fund
set apart for the purpose, it is not just and
proper that the loyal men of Maryland, who
not only consented but urged their slaves to go
into the military service of the United States,
(and who are the only class who can be paid
under the provisions of this act,) should be
paid now. If you will agree to pay interest on
tho amount from the time their servants went
into the service of the United States, there
would be some show of justice in delay; but
they have lost the labor of their servants; they
are obliged to employ hands at from ten to fif-
teen and twenty dollars a month ; and many
of them are actually ruined by the failure to
collect the sum which you proposed to pay
them out of the fund now in the Treasury,
more than sufficient to meet, notonly whatever
demands they may have, but whatever like de-
mands the State of Kentucky or any other
State in the Union may have.
I say, as my friend and colleague said the
other day, that if there are any men in the
United States who should be treated with gen-
erosity, to say nothing of justice, it is the men
who remained loyal to the Union and true to
their duty and the flag of the Union in Mary-
land, who were slaveholders, and who were
willing to let the institution go rather than see
the Government of the Union put at hazard.
Many of them contributed of their funds, as
well as provided for putting their negroes into
the service of the United States; and many of
them are now in actual want because of our
failure to do what by the act of 1864, more
than two years ago, we promised to do—un-
able to receive the pittance, (for it was but a
pittance, looking to the value of this kind of
property, if property it can be called, before
the war commenced,)—the pittance not to ex-
ceed $300, and, in many cases, not $100 or
$150. There are a great many very poor men
and some poor women who had two or three ne-
groes, upon whom they depended for their sup-
port, and they are now left in a measure pen-
niless. I submit, therefore, to the Senate that
it would be not only just but grateful, grateful
as a duty, that the United States should at
once do what it can do now without danger,
having promised to do it as far back as 1864.
Mr. CUES WELL.. I'desire to state, in reply
to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, that having examined this subject
with some care, I have no doubt whatever that
the amount in the Treasury derived from com-
mutations will be amply sufficient to pay for
all these claims in the States where the claims
can be made, to wit, Maryland, Delaware, Ken-
tucky, and Missouri. The report of the Sec-
retary of War shows that there is a balance of
that fund answerable to these claims amount-
ing to 59,514,923 45. As I stated the other
day, iu Maryland there were mustered into the
Army of the United States between eight and
nine thousand colored men, of whom about
one half only were slaves. In Maryland and
the eastern shore of Virginia, which were or-
ganized into one division, there were claims
presented to.the commission sitting in Mary-
land amounting to thirty-eight hundred and
three. Of that number, the board passed
upon ten hundred and sixty-five, and awarded
in payment of those ten hundred and sixty-
five claims, $222,150, or a fraction over $200
per slave. Now, if all the four thousand were
allowed in the same ratio, there would only
be required the sum of $800,000 to pay all
these claims in Maryland; but the chicf com-
missioner there goes on to make the remark,
and he shows from his statement, that the sum
of $762,000 would pay all the-claims in Mary-
land and the eastern shore of Virginia that would
be allowed -by that commission. That being
the case,-it would leave the sum of nearly nine
million dollars answerable to the claims in other
States, which I am satisfied will be more than
sufficient, because, if we take of the number
of colored troops enlisted in those States the
usual proportion of slaves, we shall find that
the number will be so far reduced that even at
the sum of $300 per capita the amount will not
exceed $9,000,000.
The difficulty will be just this, if the settle-
ment of these claims is postponed: we have
now proposed a constitutional amendment in
which there is a flat denial of any power in
Congress to pay for slaves of any description.
If the satisfaction of these claims is now re-
jected, you will make all those interested in
these States who think they have been unfairly
dealt with active against the ratification of the
constitutional amendment, which is a difficulty
that I want to see removed from the political
field. I desire to have that constitutional
amendment adopted, but I know that human
nature is such that where men's interests lie
directly in an opposite direction, you cannot
secure from them that support for the amend-
ment which might otherwise be obtained. I
hope, therefore, that the proposition will pass
in the shape in which it now is and that these
claims will be at once disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. In order to reach the ob-
jection made by the Senator from Vermont I
move to amend my amendment by adding to
it the following proviso:
Provided, That no money shall be paid under the
foregoing provision until the final report of the com-
missioners under the act aforesaid shall have been
madeof all of the claims embraced underthe twenty-
fourth section of the said act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this is
a provision which-forbids the payment of any
money tinder this act until the commissioners
who are to be appointed for Maryland, Ken-
tucky, and Misssouri have made their final
report and we have it all before us.
Mr. CRESWELL. Suppose, meanwhile,
the constitutional amendment is adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. The amount of these bounties
ought to have been ascertained two years ago.
That has not been done, and consequently the
owners of these slaves have been deprived of
the money to which they are entitled under
the act of 1864 up to the present time, and
of course they never will have any interest
allowed upon their claims. If there was any
doubt as to the sufficiency of the fund specially
appropriated to the payment of these claims, I
would not make any objection whatever to the
proposition now made by the Senator from
Massachusetts; but when the commissioner
who acted for Maryland and the eastern shore
of Virginia, has reported that $700,000 and a
fraction will be sufficient to meet every claim
from that section of country, and there will be
nearly $9,000,000 of this additional fund left
to appropriate to Kentucky and Missouri and
West Virginia, there cannot be any doubt
whatever that the fund will be something like
double what will be necessary to meet all these
claims. I have no doubt that there will bo a
large surplus of this fund after all the claims
are. satisfied. If that be so, why postpone the
payment of any claims until the commissioners
have reported ? It may be five years or more
before the commissioners will report. I think
that these men, who have already lain out of
their money for two years longer than they
ought to have done, ought not to be postponed
indefinitely, and probably as long as five years,
until there has been a report made by the com-
missioners.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cowan, Edmunds,
lostcr, Grimes, Howe, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Po-
