84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
sitions relative thereto as may seem to thorn expe
dient."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, notified the House that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolutions of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. No. 21) to amend section five of
an act entitled "An act supplementary to an
act entitled 'An act to grant pensions,' ap-
proved July 4, 186-1
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the restora-
tion of Commanders William Reynolds and Me-
lancton B. Woolsey, United States Navy, to the
active list from the reserved list; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) for increasing
the bond of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing.
The message also notified the House that the
Senate had passed-a concurrent resolution of
the House providing for a temporary adjourn-
ment of Congress, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
adjournment over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As a ques-
tion of privilege, I call up the resolution just
sent in from the Senate in reference to adjourn-
ment over the holidays.
The resolution as it passed the House was
read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses of Congress adjourn 011 Wednesday the
20th instant, they adjourn to meet on Tuesday the 9th
of January next.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
Tirst. Strike out "Wednesday," and insert in lieu
theicof "Thursday."
Second. Strike out" 20th," and insert in lieu theroot
"21st."
Third. Strike out "Tuesday," and insert in lieu
thereof" Wednesday."
Fourth. Strike out "9th," and insert in lieu thereof
"3d."
The resolution, as amended, would read as
follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when the
two Houses ul'Congress adjourn on i'hwi.-<lay the lij st
instant, they adjourn to meet on Wednesday the od
of January next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think a
committee of conference could agree upon
something more satisfactory to both Houses,
and therefore I move that the House non-
concur in the Senate amendments, and ask a
committee of conference.
Mr. FAItNS WORTH. I hope the House
will concur.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. BALDWIN. Is it not in orderto move
a concurrence in the Senate amendment?
The SPEAKER. The usage has been that
motions that bring the two Housed together can
be received even in spite of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move that the House
concur in the Senate amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. If the previous question
shall not be seconded, then the question will
be upon concurring.
The SPEAKER. That question arises, and
it takes precedence of the motion to non-
concur.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will non-concur, and have a committee
of conference.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon concurrence.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
On the question of concurring there being, on
a division—ayes 55, noes 76,
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. _
The amendments were not concurred in.
The motion of Mr. Washbtonh, of Illinois,
that the House non-concur in th e Senate amend-
ments, and ask a committee of conference, was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote last taken ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Washburne of Illinois, Mr. Wilson of Iowa,
and Mr. Wright, members of such committee
on the part of the House.
amendment to the rules.
Mr. DAWSON, from the committee on rules,
reported the following amendment to the_ rules,
and upon it demanded the previous question:
Add at the end of the rules the following:
The allowance of stationery to each Member and
Delegate shall be of the value of seventy-live dollars
for tli8 long session, and forty-fivo dollars ior the
short session of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. Ido notbelieve the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, under its former
organization, including what are now three com-
mittees, ever found the least difficulty about
the amount of stationery. I think the present
amount is enough. I know I always have had
some over at the end of the session.
Mr. DAWSON. This matter is not debat-
able.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main- question ordered to bo put.
Mr. CGNKLING called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ojdered.
The amendment "to the rules was adopted.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the rules was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rebel debt.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back joint resolution
of the House No. 9, to amend the Constitution
of the United States, with an amendment.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Jlesolved bvthe Ilouseof Representatives of the United
States, (the Senate concurring,) That the following
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
be, and the same hereby is, proposed to the Legisla-
tures of the several States for ratification, namely ;
Article—. No tax, duty, or impost shsi!l be laid,
nor shall any appropriation of money be made, by
either the United States, or any one of the States
thereof, for the purpose of paying, cither in whole or
in part, any debt, contract, or liability whatsoever,
incurred, made, or suffered by any one or more of the
States, or the people thereof, for the purpose of aid-
ing rebellion against the Constitution'and laws of the
United States.
The amendment reported by the committee
is as follows:
Ho it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States in Congress assembled, '.two
thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the following
article be proposed to the Legislatures of the several
States ns an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, which, when ratified by three fourths
ol said legislatures, shall be valid to all intents and
purposes as a part of said Constitution, namely:
Article—. So tax, duty, or impost shall bo laid,
nor shall any appropriation of money be made, by
either theUnited States, or any one of the States there-
of, for the purpose of paying, cither ill whole or in pari,
any debt, contract, or liability whatsoever, incurred,
made, or suffered by any one or more of the States,
or the people thereof, for the purpose of aiding re-
bellion against the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary is on
the preliminary portion of the resolution, provid-
ing for the submission of the proposed amend-
ment of the Constitution to the Legislatures of
the States. As originally drafted, the resolution
did not follow the precedents established in re-
gard to amendments of the Constitution in oth er
cases, and the amendment is simply to conform
the resolution to the precedents heretofore es-
tablished. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time: and be-
ing engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This proposition
is so generally concurred in that I do not think
it necessary to occupy the time of the House
in discussing it. I believe that every member
of the House is anxious to prevent the occur-
rence of any possibility by which the people ot
the country may be made liable for the pay-
ment of the debts contracted by the late so-
called confederate States, or either of them, in
the prosecution of the late war against the
Government of the United States, and unless
some members desire some further explanation
than can he had from the reading of the joint
resolution itself, I propose to move the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. ROGERS. I would ask the gentleman
when this matter was brought up in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. At a regular meet-
ing of the committee. I believe the gentle-
man was not present, but I think every other
member of the committee was present.
Mr. ROGERS. I was under a misappre-
hension as to when the committee met. I
supposed that when the House was not in ses-
sion, the committee did not meet. If 1 under-
stand that resolution it is a proposition to pre-
vent the people of the rebel States from paying
debts contracted during the rebellion by the
States. I would like to have it read again.
The joint resolution was again read.
Mr. ROGERS. If I had been present at the
meeting of the committee I would have been
willing to agree to part of that resolution, but
part of it I cannot subscribe to. That part of
it which prevents the United States from as-
suming the debts of the rebel States I agree to;
but that part which undertakes to bind the
people of the States in saying what debts they
shall pay and what they shall not I entirely
disagree to.
It strikes me that three fourths of the States
have no right, by an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States to undertake to
dictate to the States what debts they shall pay,
or anything whatever in relation to their do-
mestic affairs of any kind or character. My
understanding of the Constitution of the United
States is that it contains no powers except those
delegated to the Federal Government by the
States, and tliat every power that was reserved
by the States at the time they entered into the
Federal Government is still held by the States,
and that neither three fourths of the States nor
even all ofthembut one have any right through an
amendment of the Constitution, or in any other
way, to deprive an individual State of any right
that that State never gave up to the Federal
Government at the time it entered into the for-
mation of the American Union.
It is upon the broad ground that the States of
this country have some rights, and that three
quarters of the States have no right, merely be-
cause they call it an amendment to the Constitu-
tion. to deprive the other quarter of the States of
the rights and privileges which were guarantied
to them after the Revolution, which they held in
themselves, and which they never handed over
to the Federal Government, or over which they
never gave that G overnment, as their agent, any
authority or control. If the Constitution of the
United States can be amended by three fourths
of the States and two thirds of each House of
Congress, so as to deprive the people of a State
of the right to pay any particular kind of debt,
orto canyon anyparticalai kind of transaction,
the right to do which was reserved to the States,
and which never became a pait of the delegated
powers of the Federal Government, then an
