1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Committee on Invalid Pensions by unanimous
consent of the House by the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. TAYLOR. I believe that is a mistake.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Aehnam] reported it at the
suggestion of his colleague, [Mr. Darling.]
Mr. PERHAM. If my colleague ou the
committee has reported it I have no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
Ijb ird reading; and being engrossed it was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. DARLING. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and to lay
that motion on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
alexander thompson.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition and papers of Alexander
Thompson, late consul of the United States at
Maranham, in Brazil, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a joint resolution for the relief of
the same.
The report and joint resolution were read.
The joint resolution provides for the payment
of the salaiy of the petitioner, the same as if
he had been a citizen of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How does
this come in?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. Tho next business in order
is the calling of the committees for reports of a
private nature, commencing with the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
r. a. gibbons and p. x. kelley.
Mr. McKEE. On the 22d day of January
there was a joint resolution reported from the
Committee of Claims, according to instruction,
referring buck the papers in the case of Francis
A. Gibbons and P. X. Kelley to the Commit-
tee of Claims. I now ask that that joint reso-
lution be taken up and passed simply as a House
resolution, as that will accomplish the same
purpose.
The resolution as modified (H. R. No. 86)
was accordingly ordered to be engrossed ; and
being engrossed, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. McTCEE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed ; and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS FOSTER.
Mr. SLOAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported adversely on the case of Thomas Fos-
ter ; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
resolutions 01' west virginia.
On motion of Mr. SLOAN, tho Committee
of Claims was discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the resolutions of the Legislature
of West Virginia asking aid from Congress to
repair bridges, &c., destroyed by the Union
armies as a means of safety during the rebel-
lion ; and the same were laid upon the table.
dillard iia7xeric.g.
Mr. SLOAN, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Dillard
Hazlerigg; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ambrose morrison.
Mr. SLOAN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Ambrose
Morrison; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be punted.
J0SF.ru ballou.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Jo-
seph Ballou: which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
claims against the government.
Mr. SLOAN, from tho same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do not pass, bill of the House No. 94, to pro-
vide for ascertaining and adjusting claims
against the Government for injury or destruc-
tion of property by the armies of the United
States or by the military authorities during the
late rebellion; and the same was laid upon the
table.
W. p. JONES.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of W.
P. Jones, of Nashville, Tennessee ; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MRS. A. H. THOMPSON.
Mr. BARKER, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Mrs. A. H. Thompson; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
D. E. IIAYNES.
Mr. BARKER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of D.
B. Haynes, late captain of Louisiana scouts;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
SAMUEL M. MULLINS.
Mr. BARKER also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on the petition of
Samuel M. Mullins; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
ANNA M. ROBLAS Y R0BALD0.
Mr. BARKER also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on the petition of
Anna M. Roblas y llobaldo; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
A. c. MASON.
Mr. BARKER also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on the petition of
A. C. Mason; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
CREW OF TI!E SIIIP NIGHTINGALE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of the crew of the ship
Nightingale for wages: which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES II. UPTON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
on the petition of Charles H. Upton, United
States consul at Geneva, Switzerland; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
STARKE, STAUFKElt AND COMPANY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, made an adverse
report on tho petition of Starke, Stauffer & Co.;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
inron LEDDY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
tho same committee, reported a bill for tho
relief of Hugh Leddy; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Hugh Leddy the sum of S682 40
in full for liquors wrongfully seized by order of
the provost marshal on the 2d of September,
186'2, and appropriated to tho use of the Gov-
ernment through the medical department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider tho vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE CHEROKEE NATION.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
ou the memorial of the delegates of the Chero-
kee nation asking relief; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate liad passed joint resolution of the -House
No. 76, authorizing the See'retafy-of War to
transfer to the "National Home for Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphans, in Washington city,'?
certain stores not needed for the use *©f :tfe
Government.
L. B. CLARKE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
tho Committee of Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of R, L. B. Clarke; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs t.he Treasurer of the TlnitecL
States to pay to R. L. B. Clarke the sum of
$1,500 in full for the time and expense in-
curred by him in contesting the seat of Augus-
tus Hall, from the first congressional district
of Iowa, in the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, mdved
to reconsidcr the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS II. I'LOUIINOY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
upon the petition of Thomas H. Flournoy;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
N. 0. AND H. J. WINSLOW.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
upon the petition of Nathan C. Winslow and
Hezekiah J. Winslow; which was laid Upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.'
TIL AM W. BARKER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made adverse reports upon
two claims of Ulam W. Barker; which were
laid on tho table, and ordered to be printed.
MRS. C. A. GROVE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
upon the petition of Mrs. C. A. Grove; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
william ii. c odd arb.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
upon the petition of William H. Goddard;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
SUPERVISORS OP MONROE COUNTY, NEW YORK.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
upon the petition of the board of supervisors
of Monroe county, New York; which was laid
on the table, and. ordered to be printed.
mrs. jane parker.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
upon the petition of Mrs. Jane Parker; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
benjamin gra'iz.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
upon the petition of Benjamin Grratz; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
LOSSES BY REBEL RAIDS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I hold
in my hand some forty petitions for damages
arising from the raids made in July, 1864, by
rebels in the vicinity of Port Stevens. % a
resolution of the House it was declared inex-
pedient at this time to consider and pass upon
this class of cases. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims, in accordance with that reso-
lution, to report the same back, and ask that
the committee bo discharged from their further
consideration.
It was ordered accordingly.
