2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
that lias been added at the suggestion of my
friend from Illinois, the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir. He suggested
something of the sort.
Mr. JOHNSON. He suggested it and you
adopted it. So lar as the Tatter part of the
amendment is concerned., it goes to this extent,
that the President has no authority to appoint
to the same office any one whose nomination
has been rejected hv the Senate. That has
been done from time immemorial, and nobody
has ever questioned the authority to appoint. |
There is nothing in the Constitution which 1
limits the power of the President to appoint |
whoever he pleases. You may by law, per- I
haps, provide by way of punishment in certain i
cases that no one shall be appointed to offiee; j
but in the absence of any particular lawexc'.uJ- j
ing any particular man from the right to hold 1
an offiee if he is appointed, the "President's :
authority is just as absolute to appoint in a case ;
where his nomination of the same man has
been rejected as it is in the first instance to ;
appoint him originally. I do not think I can i
be mistaken as to this. Whether the President ]
should anpointisquiteanothermatter; whether j
he should not show that respect to the Senate \
of not acting in relation to an appointment of I
this description which the Senate have refused j
to advise is an entirely different inquiry. !
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mary- j
land will allow me to suggest that that is not ;
the point which I made. ' I do not doubt that, |
as a question of power, the President may con- j
timie to send in the nomination of the same j
person after he has been rejected. As to the
propriety of doing so. that is another thing:
but as a mere question of power, as the Senator
from Maryland well says, he may select whom
he pleases where he has the power to make the
appointment. But the point which I made was
that where a vacancy existed while the Senate
was in session, it was not competent for the
President to make any appointment after the
Senate adjourned. The Constitution author-
izes the President to appoint men to office by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and a subsequent clause of the Constitution-
authorizes the President to commission officers
to fill vacancies which may occur during the
recess of the Senate, whose commissions shall
expire at the end of the next session of the
Senate. Now, it does seem to me very clear
under this provision of the Constitution as an
original question, that the vacancy must happen
during the recess of the Senate to authorize
the President to fill it at all. This is the exact
provision:
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by grouting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
When can the President fill up a vacancy by
granting a commission which shall expire at the
end of the then next session of the Senate?
Clearly when a vacancy happens duringa recess.
Now, can it be said that a vacancy happens
dm ing a recess which existed when the Senate
was in session? By way of illustration, there
is a vacancy upon the supreme bench, which
occurred, I think, since the last adjournment
of the Senate. Suppose the President of the
United States had omitted to fill that vacancy,
to send in a nomination to the Senate until the
Senate closed its present session, would it be
contended that the President after the Senate
had adjourned could commission a man as a
justice of the Supreme Court, to hold his com-
mission until the end of the next session of the
Senate afterward? Would that be a vacancy 1
which happened during the recess? ;
The intention of the framers of the Consti- 1
tut ion was that all officers, saving some minor '
appointments which might be made by the 1
heads of Departments in pursuance of laws ;
which should be passed, should be made by
the nomination of the President with the advice ;
and consent of the Senate. The framers of j
the Constitution intended that all the officers of I
this Government should be appointed by the i
concurrent action of the President and Senate;
but the Senate not being always in session, and
vacancies liable to occur at any time, it was
necessary to provide some means by which the
offices might be fiiled; hence this other clause
was inserted to allow the President, when a
vacancy happened in the recess of the Senate,
to fill it by a temporary appointment or com-
mission. It is not cailcd an appointment at
all, it is .ailed the granting of a commission
for a person to exercise the duties of that office
until the end of the next session of the Senate,
so as to afford an opportunity for the President
and the Senate together to fill the office in the
proper mode contemplated by the general pro-
vision of the Constitution.
Now. I suppose in speaking of this amend-
ment immediately before the Senate, it is
entirely competent to provide that no person
shall be paid who is commissioned to discharge
the duties of an office during the recess in case
of a vacancy which has not happened during
the recess. I beg pardon for saying so much
in interruption of the Senator from Maryland.
I really forgot that I was speaking on an inter-
ruption.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am very much obliged
to the honorable member ; he requires no apol-
ogy ; and I have an answer to each of the ques-
tions which his remarks suggest. The first is
that the construction of the clause of the Con-
stitution to which he has referred, has been
before the executive branch of the Government
frequently, and that construction from the first
period when it was presented has, as I think,
been uniform. The law officers of the Govern-
ment have considered the word ''happen" as
used in the part of the Constitution adverted
to by my friend from Illinois, as meaning
"existing," independent of the cause of the
vacancy. The object is to keep the Govern-
ment in operation, to keep in existence all
officers whom the Constitution deems neces-
sary to carry on the Government; and if, there-
fore, from any cause, no matter what, a va-
cancy in them exists at any time when the Sen-
ate is not in session, the Executive has the
authoiity to fill it. I have by me one of the
several opinion* upon that subject. The one
that I have before me was given by Mr. Wirt
when he was Attorney General, as far back as
1823. In it he says:
"I find that General Swartwout's commission as
Xavy agent at Xew Yoik, expi.ed during the last
session of the Senate. Your nomination of another
person to fiil that vacancy was not continued by the
Senate, and the vacancy still exists."
What was to be done? Could the office be
filled, the Senate having adjourned and the
vacancy having existed during the session of
the Senate? He goes on to say:
"It is the case, then, of a vacancy which arose
during the session of the Senate, but which, from
the circumstance that has been mentioned, continues
to exist inthe recces. The question on which you
ask my opinion is. 'whether, under the Constitu-
tion, you can fill the vacancy by a commission to
expire at the end of the next session V
"The provisions of the Constitution on this sub-
ject are—
"1. That the President shall nominate, and, by
and with the advicc and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint, all officers, &c.
"2. That the President shall havepowerto fill up
all vacancies that 'may happen during- the recess of
the Senate, by granting commissions which shall
expire at the end of their next EesMon.'
"Had this vacancy first occrrtd during the recess
of the Senate, no doubt would have arisen as to the
President's power to fill it. The doubt arises from
the circumstance of its having occurred during
the ses-ion of the Senate. But the expression u-ed
by the Constitution is 'happen;' 'all vacancies that
may happen during the lece-s of the Senate.' The
ino~f natural sense of this term is 'to chance—to fall
out—to take place by accident.' But the expression
seems net perfectly clear, ft may mean happen to
take place: that is 'to oriqinateunder which sense
the President won'nl not. have the power to fill the
vacancy. It may mean, also, without violence to
the sense,' happen to existunder which sense the
President would have the right to fill it by his tem-
porary commission. Which of these two senses is to
be preferred? The first seems to me most accordant
with the letter of the Constitution; the second most
accordant with its reason and spirit."
He goes into a long argument to show that
that is under all the circumstances the proper
construction.
Mr. SUMNER, Whose opinion is that?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Wirt's, and the same
j opinion has been given by several others. Ho
comes to this conclusion:
"The construction which I prefer is perfectly inno-
cent. It cannot possibly produce mischief without
imputing to the President a degree of turpitude en-
tirely inconsistent with the character which his oflice
implies, as well as with the high responsibility and
short tenure annexed to that office, while at the same
time it insures to the public the accomplishment of
tho object to which the Constitution so sedulously
looks—that the offices connected with their peace aua
safety be regularly filled."
That is to say, filled at all times. The hon-
orable member from Illinois, therefore, per-
haps, (certainly, if this construction given to
the clause by Mr. Wirt is the correct one,) is in
error in supposing that a vacancy which exists
during the recess of the Senate may not be
filled by the President during the subsequent
recess of the body. But if the honorable mem-
ber is right, the amendment which he proposes
to this bill, and which the member from Mis-
souri has adopted, would still be liable to ob-
jection. The uniform decision of the office
has been that appointments made by the Pres-
ident during the recess, as to the authority to
make which there of course can be no doubt,
for it is communicated to him in express words,
are to continue until the termination of the next
succeeding session of the Seriate. The com-
mission which is given to an officer appointed
during the recess is a commission which by its
terms is not to expire until the termination of
the next succeeding session of the Senate; and
it has been held that it does continue until the
termination of the next session of the Senate,
although the nomination of the same man has
been submitted to the Senate and has been
rejected by the Senate. That has been the
uniform construction of the Government, never,
as I believe, questioned. Then what is the
result?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know thatthe
; Senator from Maryland was on' the Judiciary
Committee at the time; but this subject was
brought before that committee at a previous
session, and very elaborately considered. All
these opinions of the Attorneys General which
have been given in favor of executive prerog-
ative were examined and reviewed : and the
committee unanimously reported on this hranch
of the subject, that the vacancy must begin to
exist during the recess of the Senate to authorize
the President to fill it. It is no new question.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
did not hear me. That does not affect the
question I am now considering. I answer,
whatever may have been the opinion of the
Judiciary Committee, by saying that Mr. Wirt,
in 1823, gave the opinion which I have just
read, and that other Attorneys General since,
to whom the question has been submitted, have
given the same opinion. But what I said just
now, when I was interrupted by the honorable
member, was, that the particular construction
to which I was then adverting had never been
called in question, and had never been before
the Judiciary Committee ; and it presents the
question, how long does a commission issued
to a party appointed by the President during
the recess, when there is no doubt of his author-
ity to appoint, continue? It continues, accord-
ing to the uniform construction of the execu-
tive. and, so far as I am advised, never ques-
tioned by any department of the Government,
until the last day of the succeeding session of
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the exact language
of the Constitution.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the language of
the Constitution. That being tho case, those
postmasters who were appointed during the
recess hold commissions that run to the termi-
nation of the present session of the Senate.
That is clear. If they do, then the vacancy
that occurs is a vacancy occurring during rccess,
because as long as there is a man in office
under a commission the office is filled, and
there is no vacancy. The vacancy, therefore,
begins to exist only at the termination of^ the
next succeeding session of the Senate. Inow,
I can see—and I saw it when I was a member
