86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
only that determination of the fathers, reaf-
firmed by the people in this day, shall have
effect, but that no part of Ike people, either in
the North or the South, shall be called upon in
the future to pay one dollar of the debt thus
contracted for the purpose of destroying the
Government of the United States. And that
is the sole purpose embraced in this proposi-
tion.
For the purpose of making it effective, we
have proposed by this amendment that the Con-
gress of the United States shall have jurisdic-
tion of all cases arising under this amendment,
striking at all debts contracted for the purpose
of aiding either that or any other rebellion which
may arise in the future, and giving the tax-payer
in each and every State the right to carry his
case as against the tax-gatherer into the courts
of the United States, there to meet with the full
protection we desire to give by this amendment.
We do not merely desire to prohibit the assump-
tion of this debt, but we provide also for that
effective remedy which will make the people
secure.
I do not desire to occupy the attention of the
House further. I believe that the House is in
a temper to adopt the proposed amendment;
and wnless some other gentleman wants to make
a suggestion, ] shall call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I do not think that the amend-
ment is broad enough. I think that it ought to
prohibit the assumption of any debt contracted
by any rebel legislature in the past or in the
future.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think that the
resolution is broad enough to cover the object
desired by the gentleman from New York. It
prohibits the. assumption of all kinds of debt
contracted for the jmrpo.se of carrying on the
rebellion. The State governments embodied
in the so-called confederacy were for the pur-
pose of aiding the rebellion, so that any debt
contracted by the bo-called confederacy, or any
State of it, was contracted in aid of that rebel-
lion, for it was in that way they got the ma-
chinery of their government in motion. I think
that it is broad enough to cover the object of
the gentleman from Now York.
Mr. S1IE L LAI! AUG EK. I would inquire
whether the committee considered the propriety
of adding to this amendment to the Constitution
the provision that was added lo the one abol-
ishing slavery, that. Congress shall have power
to pass laws to carry this amendment into effect.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 cannot say that
the Committee on the Judiciary officially con-
sidered the question presented by the gentleman
from Ohio; but it will be observed by every
member of this House that the proposition con-
tained in this resolution is different from that
contained in the amendment to which he alludes;
that we lay down the general proposition that
slavery shall not exist, and that Congress shall
have power to carry that into effect.
fn this, however, we not only lay down the
means, but we provide the ways and means
through which tho citizen shall have his rem-
edy in the courts of the United States. There-
fore I do not think it necessary to have that
added, though I should have no objection my-
self to have that addition made to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. The amendment as re-
ported by the comnjittee simply restrains the
United States and (he States from collecting
taxes or appropriating moneys for the jiayment
of any rebel debt. 1 suggest to the gentleman
that it might be well, in order to secure the
object intended, to add to the proposed amend-
ment the words, "Nor shall the United States
or any«State of the Union ever assume or jiay
any part of such debt or liabilities."
-''Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield to mo a moment?
Mr. WILSON, oi'Jowa. I wish first to make
a remark or two iu reply to the honor-able gen-
tleman from Ohio. [Mr. Bixuham.] lii'my
opinion, though 1 may be in error, the resolu-
tion in its present form is bioailer than it would
be if amended as the gentleman from Ohio
desires. I think, as the Secretary of State said
n his dispatch to the authorities of South Car-
olina, in relation to the latter clause of the
amendment abolishing slavery, that it would
be only a limitation. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt that there
will not be any opposition from any part of
this House to the general scope and jiurpose of
the amendment proposed. 1 desire to say, so
far as I understand gentlemen around me, there
is no opposition to the purpose and object
expressed and proposed in the passage of this
resolution. Exception might possibly be made
to tho loss of time growing out of the matter,
but on no other ground, for how any man can
conceive that the debts of a dead State or gov-
ernment are to be j> id without an adminis-
trator, I do not know.
But, sir, I rose simply to say I do think it
is duo to tho joeoplc of the United States and to
the dignity of this House that grave questions
of this character should be considered with
some degree of gravity. I wish in the first in-
stance to state that this amendment, upon which
the House is now called to act, is not printed
so that members can read it. We have been
comjjelled to sit in our seats and gather now
and then a remark of an explanatory character.
One gentleman thinks, so far as I can hear, the
resolution rather too broad; another says it is
not broad enough; and another gets up and
assures those around me that it is all right.
I enter my jjrotest against this kind of legis-
lation. It is all wrong. However much gen-
tlemen may believe in their own competence
to draw resolutions amendatory of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, it is asking a little
too much that a whole side of the House should
be taken on their own responsibility only. I
ha\e great respect for the Committee on the
Judiciary, and believe it has been very well
constituted; but at the same time I have not
so much respect for any commit tee that I would
not take, the time to read a bill they proposed
for our action.
This is the objection I have to the immediate
passage of this bill.
Mr. IIIGBY. Though this amendment has
been offered by tho Committee on tho Judi-
ciary, whose ability we do not doubt, yet as so
many questions have been raised, would it not
be better. in order that (his amendment to tho
Constitution maybe so thoroughly jierfected as
to leave no door of escajie, that there should be
some little delay for consideration? Would it
not be better that some time certain in the fu-
ture should be lixed for the consideration of
this amendment? Some jirovision of the kind
suggested ought to be added to it. The ques-
tion in my mind is whether tho amendment is
strong enough as it is.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. I desire to suggest, in
addition to what has already been said, that
this joint resolution should be printed, and
oj)por!unity given for offering amendments.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. In rcjily I will say
that this proposition has been printed. It was
jirinted when it was first introduced.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. It has not been jjrinted
and laid on our desks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
had sent to the document-room he would have
found it.
Mr. INGEESOLL. The gentleman did not
inform the House that it could be had at the
document-room.
I do not believe that this action ought to be
forced upon the House with such ju-ecipitation.
Let every man have an ojiportunity to consider
this question. The more it is considered the
better, if by its consideration we can improve
the resolution so that the object may be attained
most certainly; and that object is the jtreven-
tion of any State that took part in the rebellion
from levying taxes upon its people to pay this
debt, when every dollar of taxation levied upon
such people should lie levied for the jiurpose
of liquidating the national debt that was created
in the subjugation of (lie r< hellion rather than
that one cent should be raised m anv rebel
State for the liquidation of the debt created for
the overthrow of the Government. I favor a
postponement in order that the resolution may
be made to accomplish the purpose desired by
the committee. 1 think it due to the House
that the resolution should be printed and placed
upon the table of each member, and that time
should bo given for him to consider it, so as to
vote understanding^' upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman had
an opportunity of seeing the resolution tho day
after it was printed. Under the rules of the
House, bills and resolutions are not now dis-
tributed and laid on the desks of members.
Mr. INGERSOLL. When the resolution
was introduced and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be jirinted,
was any assurance given to the House that it
would be rcjiortcd back without amendment
for the action of the House? Not at all; I
cannot tell whether the resolution as now re-
ported is in the shape in which it was v.dien it
went to the committee and was printed. I do
not know how that is, and I ask that it shall be
printed, so that we may know.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
will be satisfied with my assurance, 1 can assure
him that so far as the proposed amendment of
tho Constitution is concerned, it is reported
back in the same shape in which it was referred
to the committee.
Mr. SLOAN. I think it would be more sat-
isfactory to the House if the gentleman from
Iowa would move to make this resolution the
special order for some early day, and I would
suggest that course to him. Wo all agree in
the object of the resolution, and desire early
action upon it; but we desire also to under-
stand the measure proposed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have certainly no
disposition to force the House to a vote now
if the members of the House generally desire
a postjionement, and that the resolution be set
down as a sjjccial order for some future day.
I had supposed that this resolution, being
rejoorted after due and calm consideration on
the part of the Committee on the Judiciary, the
House would be ready to act ujjon it without
any considerable delay, but if I am mistaken
in that, 1 have no objection to postpone it for
a time in order that tho House may have full
opportunity to examine the phraseology and
details of tho proposed amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa whether, as there are so
many other propositions now pending, and I
suppose before his committee, to amend the
Constitution of the United States in many par-
ticulars, it would not be better that when any
single proposition is reported back, it should
bo postponed till some future time, and tho
amendments should oil come uj} at one time
and be made the special order from day to day
until disjiosed of? Gentlemen will then have
a better ojiportunity to give the subject atten-
tion. The proposed amendments will then all
be grouped together so that we can compare
them and be better enabled to comprehend
their force and the correlative elt'eci one upon
the other of the different amendments jiroposed.
In this way wo have to consider them disjoint-
ed!}' and in a very unsatLfaetoiy manner.
I suggest, therefore, to the gentleman the pro-
priety of groujiing all these jiroposed amend-
ments together and making them the special
order for some time during the session. and then
we can devote our time to them until disjiosed
of. .
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This j>roposition is
a very short one. contained in a ver\'few words,
and I would suggest that its consideration be
jiostjioned until to-morrow. Probably gentle-
men will be able, at that time, (o act upon it
understandingly ; (hoy will have an opportunity
to examine it and also the other propositions to
amend the Constitution which have been sub-
mitted. I suggest, therefore, that this resolu-
tion be set down as the sjieeial order for to-
morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. ilOGTCUS. Tho^e on this side of the
House would like to have an opportunity to
