3070
THE OOJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
South Carolina, reconstructed and reorgan-
ized, washes her political garments from the
stain and blood of treason by the election of
Mr. Orr, a prominently disloyal civilian, over
Wade Hampton, a raiding rebel general, asGov-
ernor, and by the election of Perry and Man-
ning as Senators, both of whom are thoroughly
identified with the rebellion, and by the elec-
tion of a delegation, namely, Kennedy, Aiken,
McGowati, and Farrow—Kennedy was a gen-
eral in the rebel army—to the House of Rep-
resentatives, neither of whom, with the excep-
tion, perhaps, of Mr. Aiken, can take the
necessary oath. (Provisional governor ap-
pointed June 30, 1865; election held October
18, 1865.)
Louisiana responds to the inquiry by elect-
ing J. Madison Wells Governor, and by choos-
ing Randall Hunt and Henry Bozer Senators ;
all active rebels during the war, and unre-'
pen tan t since; and sends her entire delega-
tion of Representatives in the national Legis-
lature—St. Martin, Barker, Wyclcliffe, King,
and Ray—not one of whom can take the pre-
scribed oath. St. Martin was a register of
voters under the rebel government; Barker
editor of the Advocate, tvvicc suppressed for
disloyalty; Wyckliffe of the rebel army, and
captured at Port Hudson ; King and Hay both
active, energetic, and influential secessionists.
I will notpursue this sickening investigation, but
will confine myself to the seven States which
have been warmed into life, and reorganized
and reconstructed under the especial direction
and fostering of the Executive of this nation.
And what is the grand result? All the State
officers elected bccause of their participation
in the rebellion; and of the fourteen Senators
chosen from the reconstructed States, two only,
Governor Marvin and Judge Shark ey, can take
the oath of office. Of the Representatives
elected from these seven States but two can
take the oath prescribed by the laws of the
country.
Mr. Speaker, "we cannot gather figs from
thorns, nor grape? from thistles;" and the
sooner we abandon a policy that lias nearly
crushed out the loyal men of the rebel States,
and clothed the rebels with power, the better
for us and for the nation. "By their fruits
shall ye know them." And there tliey are;
the jewels of the "Confederacy," and the
advocates of the principles of the "Corner-
Stone," presented as a nucleus for the ele-
ments of a new and a nobler national life—a
life devoted to Freedom, to Justice, to Truth,
to Equality, and Humanity, to crystallize upon.
In oil .soberness could we justly anticipate any
other result from the "Policy" adopted? if
this is but the earnest, the first fruits of the
folly of enfranchising only the foes of the Gov-
ernment, what shall we expect from the full
harvest? Prom the utter failure of this cffuit
t,o build up loyal governments in the rebel
States from the disloyal elements, I appre-
hend Ave shall ere long accept the true prin-
ciples of a democratic system of government,
and for the purpose of securing a reorgani-
zation more favorable to freedom and justice,
add to the loyal and amnestied whites the
freedmen and free men of color. There are
strong reasons in favor of this policy. They
are men! And we have made them citizens!
The citizen's suffrage is not a privilege or a
prerogative, but a right! Every man has a
right to have a voice in making the laws by
which he is governed and protected! That is
an inherent right, not a privilege conferred.
It is a part of liberty itself. Every man is
entitled to this except he forfeit it by crime or
rebellion. On no ground except that of crime
can the elective franchise be denied to any
class, without admitting the monarchical doc-
trine that civil rights and authority descend
from the rulers, and that they have a right to
confer as a privilege that which the principles
of our Government teaeh belongs to the "peo-
ple"—to all men in caramon.
Our doctrine is that all rights and ail priv-
ileges and all prerogatives belong to the whole
people, and that through our elective repre-
sentative system these rights and powers are
delegated successively to men holding official
positions for specific, fixed periods of time, and
return regularly to the people again. Our doc-
trine is that all civil and political rights inhere
in the people, and when they rise to the hands
of those in official authority they are powers
delegated to them, and they evermore come
back to the people.
"As the clouds draw their rain from the ocean,
and, pouring it down upon the ground, return it to
the ocean again, so authority goes from the common
people to their rulers, and returns to the common
people again.
" In this country a poor man without a vote is like
a vagabond king hiding for his life; but a poor man
with a vote is honored and courted by all. A hun-
dred voteless "black men will be consigned to con-
tempt and outrage and injustice: but a hundred
black men with votes will bo aschool, and every can-
didate play schoolmaster to them, and expound and
argue the annual questions of policy. Compre-
hensively viewed, voting carries with it political
education."
Nothing so much prepares men for intelli-
gent suffrage as the exercise of the right of
suffrage. Man eannotbe educated to a proper
use of liberty in any way so well as by making
him use it. In our hour of peril we appealed
to these men to assist us by their arms; ought
they now in our hour of safety be spurned back
to serfdom? Are national gratitude and na-
tional honor mere words with us'' Is there no
gulf of meanness into whose slimy and l'etid
waters wc are not ready to plunge? Shall we
sacrifice our friends to our enemies?
In our obsequiousness to rebels shall wc bind
our allies hand and foot and give them over
to infuriate men who would delight in wreak-
ing vengeance on tliem for our success and
for that aid of theirs which secured, or at least,
hastened, this success? 1 will not say that we
should not have conquered without the friend-
ship of the colored people of the South, but it
must have been done at much greater cost of
time and treasure and blood and suffering.
Tliey were our guides, our spies, our conceal-
ers, and our nurses. The fugitive from Libby
or Florence or Andersonville found food and
shelter in their cabins, and the darling of many
a mother, the pride and hope of many a north-
ern home, was affectionately tended by a second
mother, who studied every want, tried to soothe
every pain, and, when naught availed, wiped
off the clammy death-sweat, and closed the
glassy eye. As soon as we would permit them
to do so, they became our comrades on the bat-
tle-field, and with unblenching valor led the
forlorn hope.
A popular fallacy was that the negro could
not be a true man bccause he would not fight,
a fallacy strange enough in the mouths of those
who wore so often prating about the dangers
of a negro insurrection and the horrors of St.
Domingo.
The black man in this war has shown that
he -has an intelligence not to be deceived, a
virtue not to be seduced, and a valor not to
be daunted. In what quality of manliness does
the negro race fall below the degraded whites
of the South? Yet these men are and have
been voters always. Is there no danger in in-
trusting the ballot to so many ignorant blacks?
I answer frankly, there is. But the danger is
far greater of intrusting it to the ignorant and
disloyal whites alone. Loyal ignorance, whether
white or black, is beyond comparison less dan-
gerous than disloyal ignorance. 1 cannot see
how the ballot is affected by the complexion
of the hand that throws it; but I do see how it
is essentially affected by the disposition that
moves the haud. There is an instinct in virtue
which keeps its possessor from going very far
astray. But the instincts of vice are all for
wandering.
Worst and most perilous of all is disloyal
intelligence. This, in the persons of such men
as Calhoun, and Rhett, and Wise, and Yancey,
and Breckinridge, and Jeff. Davis, has brought
upon us the awful perils through which we
have just passed and are now passing.
If the negro is below the whites of the South
in mental strength and culture, is he not infi-
nitely above a large majority of them in all the
instincts of loyalty and devotion to liberty?
He at least has always been true and faithful
to his country, which has repaid him with
injustice, oppression, and stripes. He has
always obeyed the laws of the land, paid taxes
without a murmur, and yielded his body a will-
ing sacrifice whenever perils dawned upon the
nation; and by his singularly good conduct
in the trying situation of the last five years he
has earned this boon of suffrage, if it were not
his by right, and has given ample evidence that
he will make a proper use of it.
To pre^rve peace in the States and har-
mony in our. Federal system, I am fully per-
suaded, Mr. Speaker, that every man should
be made equal before the law, as he is equal
before the promises of the Gospel. And
speaking here to-day between the Old and the
"New, I should be unfaithful to my own convic-
tions if I refrained from uttering these words
before you. Look which way we will, we have
no sign in heaven or on earth to guide us ex-
cept the sign of Liberty and Equality before the
law as proclaimed at our national birth in the
great Declaration:
" God has devolved on us the experiment of self-
government. We are not suffered to make it with
the highest types of human form and intellect alone.
It is His decree, from which there is no escape, that
we shall make it with all the races of the earth com-
mingled and combined. They are here, planted,
scattered, rooted among us. To separate them is
impossible. To subjugate theinferiorto the superior
race itself defeats the experiment, and will lead
again, as it has already led, to cruel war. In this
crisis let us fulfill with fidelity and honor the respon-
sibilities which are devolved upon us." — General
Martindalc, February 22, I860.
Mr. ECKLEY asked and obtained leave to
have a speech printed as part of the debates.
[The speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor; but yield-
ed to
Mr. GRINNELL, who moved that the House
adjourn. .
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition of a large number of
citizens of T)e Witt county, Illinois, asking Congress
to enact such laws regulating inter-State insurance
of all kinds as will establish the greatest security to
the interests of the insured.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Brevet, Briga-
dier General Ward B. Burnett, asking for an adjust-
ment of his pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 11, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gbay.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Friday last; but before concluding it—-
Mr. CONNESS. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the Journal, that we may
proceed in the morning hour with some busi-
ness of consequence.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MKMOMA1S.
Mr. HARRIS. I present the petition of a
large number of persons, residents of the county
of Chenango, Stale of New York, stating that
a very large portion of the entire bank-note
currency in circulation used by them in their
business consists of the. State bank notes of the
State of New York. They state that there
were on the 28th of May over $10,000,000 of
circulation of the New York State banks, and
they ask that_provision may be made to extend
the time within which the tax provided for upon
circulation of that character shall be imposed.
I move the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Henry
Tuthill, of Schuyler county, New York, pray-
ing for compensation for carrying the United
States mail; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
