1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
heard arclevk mention to me that for four years
lie had not taken a holiday, he had not been
out of the office a single Sunday for four years
—a clerk in the ordnance department; and I
presume that is very common. I am not will-
ing to vote , upon a supposed estimate of the
amount of work one clerk does over another.
I want to say to the Senate that in my judg-
ment this is not a parallel case with the Attor-
ney General's Office. As I understand, prac-
tically, the clerk in the Attorney General's Of-
fice has to examine the case, has to adjudicate
upon it; he has to exercise judgment; while
the clerk in the State Department performs
simply mechanical duty ; he has to record that
which is adjudged in the Attorney General's
Office. There is a very great difference. The
one is the exercise of clerical ability simply,
the other the exercise of judgment upon the
merits of the case.
Mr. DAVIS. I congratulate my friend from
Indiana and the country that we shall soon
have an Attorney General who will not need
a clerk to write his opinions for him. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 8, after line one hun-
dred and seventy-four of section one:
For the erection of a light-house at Beaver bay on
Lake Superior, $15,000: Provided, That the Light-
House Board of the Treasury Department, after due
examination, shall deem that a light-house at tliat
point is necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if that comes from
a committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. There is a
recommendation from the Light-House Board
and from the Secretary of the Treasury which
I will have read, if Senators desire it. [ " No,
no."]
Mr. SHERMAN. Never mind.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. In the same section, on
page 'J, after line one hundred and ninety, I
offer the following amendment from the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
For light-house and pier light at South Haven, in
the State of Michigan, 40,000.
Mr. JOHNSO#. Is that from a commit-
tee, too?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. In these, cases where
there are new lights and they have not come
before the Committee on Finance I should like,
at least, to have the letter of the board read.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a report of the
Light-House Board, and likewise a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. The letter of the Light-
House Board is all I want.
Mr. CHANDLER. I send it up to be read.
The Secretary read the following:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Light-House Board,
Washington", March 12,1866.
Sir: I have had the honor to receive the letter
from Hon. Z. Chandler, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, with inclosed petition o£ citizens
of South Haven, Michigan, praying an appropriation
for tLie purpose of building a liglit-house at the
mouth of South Black river, Michigan, referred to
this board for report.
In reply I am directed to state that the amount
asked for by'the petitioners is in the opinion of the
boald greater than necessary lor the purpose of build-
ing it pier light, which is all that is recommended.
For such a structure the sum of $6,000 would be suffi-
cient, provided the site be given to the Omted States
by tho parties owning the pier, the Government hav-
ing done no work upon this pier or harbor.
The papers in the case are herewith returned.
Very respectfully, W. B. SHUBRICK,
Chairm-an.
Hon. Hugh McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. On page 10, line two
hundred and twenty of section one, I move to
amend by striking out "$90,000" and insert-
ing "$200,000;" so that the clause will read:
For completion of pier of protection and repairing
V?"augoshance light-house, at straits of Mackinac,
8200,000.
That is the amount which the Light-House
Board state will make the work permanent.
"We had Commodore Shubriek and other mem-
bers of the board before us, with the engineers,
and the committee were unanimous in recom-
mending that $200,000 be appropriated. This
is perhaps one of the most important lights in
the United States ; it is in the open lake; and
the pressure of the ice is so great that it must
be protected by very strong stone abutments ;
and the committee were unanimous in the opin-
ion that the amount should be $200,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any letter from
any one I should like to hear it.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a report from
the Light-House Board. I send it to the desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have here the esti-
mates from the Department.
Mr. CHANDLER. Here are the estimates,
and the Clerk will read the report for the bene-
fit of the Senator.
The Secretary commenced to read the report
of the Light-House Board.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the whole of that docu-
ment to be read ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Michi-
gan tell us the facts, I suppose.
Mr. CHANDLER. The estimates are there
precisely as recommcndcd by the committee.
Tho report is rather voluminous; it contains,
I think, about sixty or eighty pages; but it
will probably enlighten and amuse the Senator
from Ohio, and 1 hope the Senate will consent
to have it read for his enlightenment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
Senator object to the reading of the report?
Mr. CLARK. We do not want all that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I, representing the Com-
mittee on Finance, will state that we have ap-
propriated all that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury estimated for, all that was asked by the
Light-House Board, and now it is proposed to
increase the appropriation for a single light-
house from $90,000 to $200,000, and all the
Senator has to say in favor of that proposition
is to send a mass of manuscript to the table.
I am perfectly willing to hear it.
Mr. CHANDLT3R. In that report from the
Light-House Board are contained the estimates
of the engineers for the completion of that work.
We had the engineer of that board before us ;
we had Commodore Shubriek; we took the
testimony of the most competent engineers on
this subject, and came to the conclusion unani-
mously that that sum was required. The Sen-
ator has taken an old estimate and not a recent
one.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have taken the an-
nual estimates as they lie on our table. It may
cost $200,000 or it may cost $1,000,000 to com-
plete the work; but all they asked for as an ex-
penditure during the next fiscal year was the
amount we appropriate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I can turn to the esti-
mates if the Clerk will hand me the document:
" In its report for 1865 the board called the atten-
tion of the honorable Secretary of the Treasury to
the matter and renewed its estimate of $00,000 as for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1866, and further esti-
mated for $110,000 to complete the work during the
fiscal year ending June 30,1867. These estimates are
now before Congress."
This is the last report from the Light-House
Board.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of that
report?
Mr. CHANDLER. January 26, 18C6.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have the estimates
made out officially on the 1st of December and
submitted to us for the annual appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. This report refers to
that, and says that in that report the board
"renewed its estimate of $90,000 as for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1866, and further
estimated for $110,000 to complete the work
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867."
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand now pre-
cisely how it is. Last year we appropriated
$90,000 for this work, and that is part of the
$200,000 spoken of, and now they ask enough
to complete it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The appropriation failed
last year; it was in the omnibus bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was renewed, probably.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was never renewed;
This is the whole amount. The $90,000 ap-
propriation was in the omnibus bill that was
lost last year. Two hundred thousand dollars
is the estimate of the engineer to complete tho
work. Perhaps this is the most important
light-house in the United States, and less than
this sum will not make it a permanent, substan'
tial work.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only state that I
have now the estimates of the Light-House
Board before me, and I find in them this item:
For completion of pier of protection, and repair-
ing and renovating Waugoshance Light-house at tho
straits of Mackinaw, $110,000.
That is the item in the annual estimates upon
which all these appropriation bills are founded,
and it seems that the House'of Representatives
lowered it from $110,000 to $90,000. I now
remember the case. One hundred and ten
thousand dollars was all that was asked for to
coinpletetlie work. It may be that the $90,000
has been already expended.
Mr. CHANDLER. The $90,000 was not
intended to complete the work, and if that sum
had been appropriated last year, $110,000
would now be sufficient ; but whereas the
$90,000 was not appropriated last year, they
now ask for the whole amount requisite to
complete the work, which is $200,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the estimate which
I have road was made months after the defeat
of the bill of las£ year. That bill failed in
March, 18G5, and this estimate was made in
November, 1865.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senators
from Michigan and Ohio that this amendment
be postponed for a few minutes until they can
examine these reports and satisfy; themselves
on the question. I suppose there is some mis-
understanding, which will be removed when
the two Senators have conferred together.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thisamend-
ment will be laid aside for the present, if there
be no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have another amend-
ment to propose, to come in after line two hun-
dred and forty-three of the first section:
For George W. Fish, late acting consul at Ningpo,
China, $1,825 04, payable out of any money in tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, bemg tho
amount duo him for consular services at Kingpo, and
for exchange due.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
that that is a private claim.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it is from a
committee and is to pay for consular services.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a private claim to
pay money alleged to be past Sue for services.
I raise the point of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on'Com-
merce never presents any improper appropria-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is a private claim; but if the Senator
desires he will take the sense of the Senate
on it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Chair rule it
to be out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it ont of order; but if the Senator re-
quests he will take the sense of the Senate on
the question whether it shall be received or
not. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a very meritorious
claim. This man actually performed the ser-
vices and drew his drafts in accordance with
directions from the State Department. On his
return from there he immediately went into
the Army and was in the military service when
the drafts arrived and were protested, and lie
was obliged at great sacrifices and loss to raise
$1,825 to take up his own drafts drawn by di-
rection of the Secretary of State, and for which
services were performed. He actually had paid
his office rent, paid his clerks, paid for his sta-
tionery, out of this very sum that is now his
due; and certainly if there was ever any just
claim put on an appropriation bill, I think this
