1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the city of San Francisco and its successors,
and tlie claim of the said city to said land is
hereby confirmed, subject, however, to the res-
ervations and exceptions designated in said
decree, and upon the following trusts, namely:
that all the said land, not heretofore granted to
said city, shall be disposed of and conveyed by
said city to parties in the bona fide actual pos-
session thereof, by themselves or tenants, on
the passage of this act, in such quantities and
upon such terms and conditions as the Legis-
lature of the State of California may prescribe,
except such parcels thereof as may be reserved
and set apart by ordinance of said city for pub-
lic uses; provided, however, that the relin-
quishment and grant by this act shall not in-
terfere with or prejudice any valid adverse right
or claim, if such exist, to said land, or any part
thereof, whether derived from Spain, Mexico,
or the United States, or preclude a judicial
examination and adjustment thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
pressed not to make objection to this bill, and
I will not do it, although I do not see my way
clear in reference to this kind of legislation if
I am called on to vote.
Mr. McRUER. My object in urging the pas-
sage of the bill at the present time is that the bill
requires the action of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia, which will adjourn in thirty or forty
days, and will not meet again for two years.
This has been a vexed question for the last fif-
teen years, and affects the title to every lot of
land in San Francisco. It is of the greatest
importance to my constituents that this ques-
tion should be finally settled. The right is re-
served to individuals who may have claims to
adjudicate them in the courts. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS 01' CITIZENS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being Senate bill No. 61, to
protect all persons in tlie United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their
vindication; the pending question being on the
motion to recommit, on which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. It would have afforded me,
Mr. Speaker, much more satisfaction if my
public duties had allowed me time to present
what I have to say to the House in reference
to this bill in a somewhat more orderly and me-
thodical manner than I shall be able to do. I
cannot, however, consistently with what I con-
ceive to be the duty which I owe to the loyal
constituency which I have the honor to repre-
sent upon this floor, allow the opportunity
which now presents itself to pass without ex-
pressing in such manner as I may be able the
reasons which govern me in giving, as I do, my
cordial assent to the principles and the details
of this great measure.
Sir, this bill is the just sequel to, and the
proper completion of, that great measure of
national redress which opened the dungeon
doors of four million human beings. With-
out this, in my judgment, that great act of jus-
tice will be paralyzed and made useless. With
this it will have practical effect, life, vigor, and
enforcement. It has been the fashion of gen-
tlemen holding a certain set of opinions in
this House to characterize that great measure
to which I have referred as a revolutionary
measure.
Sir, it was a revolutionary measure. .It was
one of the greatest, one of the most humane,
one of the most beneficial revolutions which
ever characterized the history of a, free, State :
but it was a revolution which, though initiated
by the conflict of arms and rendered necessary
as a measure of war against the public enemy,
was aoeomplishcd within and under the provis-
ions of the Constitution of the United States.
It was a revolution for the relief of human
nature, a revolution which gave life, liberty,
and hope to millions whose condition until
then appeared to be one of hopeless despair.
It was a revolution of which no freeman need
be ashamed, of which every man who assisted
in it will, I am sure, in the future be proud,
and which will illumine with a great glory the
history of this country.
The bill which now engages the attention of
the House has for its object to carry out and
guaranty the reality of that great measure. It
is to give to it practical effect and force. It is
to prevent that great measure from remaining
a dead letter upon the constitutional page of
this country. It. is to carry to its legitimate
and just result the great humane revolution to
which I have referred. The events of the last
four years, the convulsions through which this
country has passed, the fortunes of war, the
progress of ideas, the triumph of republican
liberty, have changed this large class of people
who dwell within the confines of the United
States from a condition of slavery to that of
freedom. The practical question now to be
decided is whether they shall be in fact freemen.
It is whether they shall have the benefit of this
great charter of liberty given to them by the
American people.
Sir, if it is competent for the new-formed
Legislatures of the rebel States to enact laws
which oppress this large class of people who are
dependent for protection upon the United States
Government, to retain them still in a state of
real servitude; ifitispracticablefortlieseLcgis-
latures to pass laws and enforce laws which re-
duce this class ofpeople to the condition of bond-
men ; laws which prevent the enjoyment of the
fundamental rights of citizenship; laws which
declare, for example, that they shall not have
the privilege of purchasing a homefor themselves
and their families; laws which impair their abil-
ity to make contracts for labor in such man-
ner as virtually to deprive them of the power
of making such contracts, and which then de-
clare them vagrants because they have no homes
and because they have no employment; I say,
if it is competent for these Legislatures to pass
and enforce sueli laws, tlienl demand to know,
of what practical v alue is the amendment abol-
ishing slavery in the United States? Tell me
when you boast of the glorious character of that
addition to your Constitution what benefit you
have conferred upon the men who are liberated
from slavery by it, if these things are to be done
under the flag of the United.States and in the
face of the authority of the Federal Constitution.
For one, sir, I thought, when I voted for the
amendment to abolish slavery that I was aid-
ing to give real freedom to the men who had
so long been groaning in bondage. I did not
suppose that 1 was offering them a mere paper
guarantee. And when 1 voted for the second
section of the amendment, I folt in my own
mind certain that I had placed in the Consti-
tution and given to Congress ability to protect
and guaranty the rights which the first section
gave them.
The simple principle of the bill under con-
sideration and its whole essence is contained
in its first section. The rest is all matter of
detail. The whole life and substance of the
bill is in its first section. That section enacts
that—
All peixms born in the United States una not sub-
ject to n ny foreign Power, exoludin? Indians not taxed,
rre hereby declared to be citizens of tlie United States,
without distinction ot color, and there shall be no dis-
crimination in civil liftbt- or immunities amoM tlie
inhabitants of any State or Territory of the I nitcd
States on account of race, color, or previous condition
of Slav ery.
Now, sir, what is there in that? Lot me
appeal to the common sense and judgment of
every member of this House when I put the
question. What is there in that to challenge
the denunciation which the House listened to
yesterday from the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers ?] Is any man to be injured by it?
Are any man's rights to be invaded or taken away
by it? Who will .pretend that such is the case?
It is an enactment simply declaring that all
men born upon the soil of the United States
shall enjoy the fundamental rights of citizen-
ship. What rights are these? Why, sir, in
order to avoid any misapprehension they are
stated in the bill. The same section goes on
to define with greater particularity the civil
rights and immunities which are to be pro-
tected by the bill. They are—
The right to make and enforce contracts, to sue,be
parties and give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease,
sell, hold, and convoy real and personal property, and
to lull and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings
for the security of person and property, and to be sub-
ject to like punishment, pains, and penalties, and to
none other. 1
Now, sir, I will pay so high a compliment to
the intelligence of the gentleman who addressed
us yesterday, as to say that I do not think he
can believe that this bill extends or alters, or
can be. construed to extend or alter, the laws
| regulating suffrage in any of the States. Sir,
no lawyer who is acquainted with the use of
terms and the rales which regulate the con-
struction of laws will, I think, seriously con-
tend that the language of this bill can by any
possibility, or by any forced construction, pro-
duce any such result.
In the first place, the words themselves are
"civil rights and immunities," not political
privileges ; and nobody can successfully con-
tend that a bill guarantying simply civil rights
and immunities is a bill under which you could
extend the right of suffrage, which is a politi-
cal privilege and not a civil right.
Then, again, the matter is put beyond al
doubt by the subsequent particular definition
of the general language which has been just
used; and when those civil rights which are
first referred to in general terms in the bill are
subsequently enumerated, that enumeration
precludes any possibility that the general words
which have been used can be extended beyond
the particulars which have been enumerated.
It is well for gentlemen at the outset to dis-
abuse themselves of any such idea a: that which
has been suggested in regard to the point which
I am now considering. I tell gentlemen that
no man upon this floor can successfully defend
himself before the country for voting against
this bill upon the ground that it impairs the
rights of States in determining the qualifica-
tions of electors. It has no such effect, and I
tell those gentlemen that when they vote against
this bill they will have to answer to their con-
stituents for voting, not to protect the rights
of States in the regulation of suffrage, but for
voting against, the protection of the fundamental
rights ofcitizenship and nothing else. If they
can stand at home upon any such platform as
that, they may safely vote against this bill, but
there is nothing else in the bill hut this.
Now, sir, why should not this be done? Why
should not these fundamental rights and im-
munities which are common to the humblest
citizen of every free State, be extended to these
citizens? Why should they be deprived of the
right to make and enforce contracts, of the ,
right to sue, of the right to be parties and give
evidence in courts of justice, of the right to in-
herit, purchase, lease, hold, and convey real
and personal properly? And why should thoy
not have full and equal benefit of all laws and
proceedings for the security of person and
property? . . , jr.
I confine myself now to the principle and sub-
stance of the bill. i shall presently have: a f ew
words to say in regard to the details of the bill
which have given rise to animadversion on the
part of those who oppose it. I speak now of the
principle of the bill, and challenge any man m
this House to give me, if he can, a sensible
reason, a reason which he can reconcile with
his own sense of justice, why the rights which
are enumerated in the first section of this bil!
should not be extended to the freedmen of tha
South ?
