1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. RIDDLE presented the petition of Lieu-
tenant George B. Rodney, of the fourth Uni-
ted States artillery, praying to be relieved from
responsibility for the capture of his papers by
the rebels at the battle of Chickamauga, while
he was acting as assistant quartermaster ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented apetition of soldiers
of the late war, praying that the necessary le-
gislation maybe had to equalize the bounties of
soldiers who enlisted in the beginning of the
war with those who enlisted near its close;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred a bill (8. No. 23)
giving the consent of Congress to the annexa-
tion of the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson,
formerly of the State of Virginia, to the State
of West Virginia, reported it with an amend-
ment.
SUFFRAGE IN TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the elective fran-
chise in the District of Columbia, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia
when he proposes to proceed with the consid-
eration of the very important bill which he has
just reported.
Mr. MORRILL, I shall be inclined to call
it up at the earliest possible time, but probably
not before the contemplated adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I am "very glad that my ex-
cellent friend proposes to proceed with the con-
sideration of that measure at an early day. I
believe that the country requires promptitude
in that act of justice.
Mr. DAVIS rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts give way to the
Senator from Kentucky? The Senator from
Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to call the Senator to
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky calls to order.
Mr. DA V IS. 1 ask, what question is pending
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT ^>ro tempore. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot.] The Senator from Massachusetts in-
terposed to ask a question of the Senator from
Maine who had made a report—a question in
regard to when he proposed calling up a bill.
There was no distinct question before the Sen-
ate ; but it is frequently, as the Senator knows,
the practice to inquire into a matter of that sort
without the Chair interposing. There was no
distinct question before the Senate, however.
Mr. DAVIS. But the Senator in his usual
disorderly manner was proceeding to make a
speech.
Mr. SUMNEE. I had only uttered one sen-
tence. The Senator constantly utters many.
Mr. DAVIS. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. FOOT. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
BARNEY CAIN.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the petition of Barney Cain,
praying that the bountvmaybe paid him which
would have been due his deceased son, Henry
N. Cain, a private in the eighth regiment Ver-
mont volunteers, had he lived to bo mustered
out of the United States service, have had it
under consideration, and have directed me to
report a bill. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage if there be no objection. It is only
for the payment of a bounty of $100.
By unanimous consent, the bill l,S. No. 53)
for the relief of Barney Cain was read three
times. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Barney Cain, of Rut-
land, Vermont, the sum of $100, that being
the bounty to which his son Henry M. Cain,
who had enlisted as a private in the eighth
regiment Vermont volunteers, for the term of
three years, would have been entitled by law,
had he lived to have been formally mustered
into the United States'service, but who sickened
and died after his enlistment, and without being
mustered into the service of the United States.
Mr. FOOT. The case in one word is this:
the son of the petitioner enlisted as a volun-
teer in the military service of the country, for
three years, rendezvousing at Rutland for the
time, aud being drilled in the company to which
he was attached for several days ; but he was
taken sick and died before the regiment to
which he was attached was regularly mustered
into service. Had he lived until that time,
which occurred a few days after, and been reg-
ularly mustered in, lie would have been enti-
tled to §100 bounty under the act of 1862. The
committee have recognized cases similar to
this before them as coming within the spirit
an d equity, though not strictly within the letter,
of the law. The father, who is a man in indi-
gent circumstances, and of whom this son was
the main support and reliance, asks for the
S100 to which his son would have been entitled
had he lived a week longer and been in health
and been mustered in the United Slates ser-
vice. There are several precedents, three or
four, that came before the same committee and
have been recognized by them, and have passed
Congress, as coming within the equity and
spirit of the act though not within its letter.
The bill was passed.
ADDRESSES ON SIR. COLLAMER'S DEATH.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
the addresses delivered in the Senate an d House
of Representatives on the occasion of the death
of the late Sena I or Collamer, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment, and ask
for its present consideration.
By unanimous conscntthc Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Rrwhed, Thnt, there be publish eel in pamphlet form
for the use of I he. Senate, .six thousand copies ot the
addresses made by the membeis of if i e Senate and
members of tho Iloufe of [Representative?, upon the
occasion of the announcement of the death of Hon.
Jacob Collamer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire of tho
Senator from Rhode Island, who reports this
resolution, if it is in accordance with former
precedents. My impression is that since I be-
came a member of the Senate this matter was
discussed at some length, and the Senate came
to the conclusion that they would not publish
the obituary addresses delivered on the o.ccasion
of tho death of members of the Senate. I know
that was the conclusion at that time. It is a
very delicate matter to object to a proposition
ot this kind; but as the Senator whose decease
is commemorated was my friend, and I feel as
kindly toward his memory, I am sure, and as
high a regard for it as any member of the Sen-
ate, and as I listened with great admiration to
the eulogies which were pronounced on him. I
feel that it is no breach of propriety to call the
attention of the Senate to this subject. As I
have stated, I recollect a discussion in regard
to it in the-Senate. I am not aware whether
tho rule then adopted has been departed from
or not, but at that time the Senate came to the.
conclusion that they would not make such pub-
lications.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the case of Governor
nicks, at the last session, it was departed from.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the precedents are
contrary to what I supposed, I have no objec-
tion to the resolution.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator will recollect that
in the case of his own colleague, Judge Doug-
las, a very large edition of the obituary notices
was published by order of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My impression was just
the reverse.
Mr. FOOT. In that ease a large edition was
published, at least five thousand copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. The precedent was estab-
lished, I believe, before I came into the Senate,
upon a test vote, not to publish addresses of
^this kind. Afterward in the first case where
there was a depai-ture from it, on the occasion
of tho death of Mr. Douglas, the Committee on
Printing reported the resolution, if I recollect
aright, without any recommendation, not being
willing to depart from tho precedent which had
been established, and yet thinking it was an
occasion where the Senate might choose so to
depart; and the Senate by a very decided ma-
jority voted to print the addresses. Afterward,
on the next similar occasion, the Committee on
Printing reported in the same way, without any
recommendation, leaving it for the Senate to
decide whether they would print the addresses
or not. The Senate having in both eases de-
cided to print them, the committee thought the
precedent was established, so far as the judg-
ment of the Senate was concerned at the time,
arid have reported this resolution in accordance
with what they supposed to be the usage of the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that during the
four years I have been here no obituary notices
have been published in a distinct volume sepa-
rate from their appearance in the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. POMEROY. If I am mistaken I shall
bo glad to be corrected.
Mr. FOOT. In the case of Governor Hicks,
at the last session, just referred to by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, they were printed by order
of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I have never had the
books; i hey have not been distributed. Other
Senators about me say they have not received
them.
Mr. JOHNSON. They were all published.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that in the case
of the lamented Baker, the subject, was dis-
cussed here somewhat, and the obituary ad-
dresses were not published. If, however, we
ever published them, I should be glad to <k> it*
in this case. My own impression was that our
precedents have been against it, at least since
I have been in the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Twice the committee
have reported resolutions of this kind without
any recommendation, so as to take the sense of
the Senate upon them, and in both cases the
Senate passed the resolutions. The committee
therefore thought it would be the pleasure of
the Senate to do so in this case.
Mr. COWAN. I certainly have no wish to
prevent the public promulgation of any mark
of respect to the late Judge Collamer; but I
think, in view of the financial difficulties of the
country at the present time, that it must im-
press itself upon the minds of all men that we
should be economical, and that we should ex-
pend no more money than is absolutely neces-
sary ; and if we are even to begin a system of
retrenchment we ought to begin now and here.
Is this expense necessary? Is this one of the
necessary publications of this body, or is it one
which is simply complimentary? If it were
necessary, absolutely necessary, I would agree
to the publication; but believing that it is not
so, I am here in my place to oppose it.
And, sir, I would go further; I would abol-
ish nine tenths of the printing that is done in
both Houses of Congress, bccause I consider
it a mere expenditure without any value re-
ceived to the country. Nine tenths of the doc-
uments that are published here, and distrib-
uted to and among the people are little more
than waste paper; and I think I only express
the universal sentiment of the people when I
say that this system has been carried to a length
of which they utterly disapprove, and that they
look upon it merely as a means by which a
representative puts himself in connection with
certain favorite constituents of his, and keeps
them in mind of their allegiance to him : or in
other v,-orris, that all these publications are
simply electioneering machines. I have no
doubt that if there be a publication of which
the country desires the distribution, the people
