4034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 23,
pcrfect control over the introduction of the air;
we have perfect control over its temperature in
winter and in summerwe have perfect con-
trol over its removal and its discharge without
making any extensive change in the present
arrangements for its introduction. It will be
seen from this statement whiofr I have made
that there is one peculiarity, which is not fa-
miliar, perhaps, to most members' of the Sen-
ate—I mean the introduction of air through
the ceiling and its removal through the floor.
The advantages of that system are so manifest,
are so indisputable, that whenever any person
examines the subject his conclusion must be
in its favor. It is not a matter of debate or
dispute. In the first place, one disadvantage
of introducing air through the floor of the
Chamber, and causing it to pass upward in
currents, is that all the dust and impurities
that are brought into the Hall, and are upon
or about the floor, are carried up into the re-
gion of respiration and breathed. Another
difficulty is, that these entrance currents affect,
to some extent, the sound of the voice in speak-
ing in the Hall. If these currents are active
they must produce very considerable disturb-
ance.
Another difficulty which we have in our
present arrangements is the want of adequate
space, which we obtain by the proposed plan.
I mean adequate space for preparing the air
belore it is introduced into the Hall. Our Ser-
geant-at-Arms has made an attempt to hydrate
the air, to impart to it adequate moisture in
the winter months, when, I may say without
exaggeration, it is in a state highly injurious to
the human system, to which cause, I have no
doubt, more than one victim has fallen. Now,
the air taken at an external temperature in
the winter of say 32° degrees, or the freezing
point, is conveyed through a closed passage in
which there is no access to sources of moist-
ure. and it is heated up to a temperature say
of 7-~>°. It is then in a -state where it de-
niando, according to natural laws, more than
three times the amount of moisture which it
contained when first taken from the external
atmosphere and subjected to this operation.
Thus. sir. we have it in the Chamber, and we are
obliged to breathe it without its being hydrated,
without, its having conveyed to it, that adequate
amount of moisture required at the temperature
to which it is elevated.
1 had that subject tested by Dr. Wetherill,
of the Smithsonian Institution, who was hero
at that session, and who was doubtless observed
by Senators on several occasions conducting
his examinations. The average annual humid-
ity of external atmospheric air in this country,
I believe, is about 68°—it is a little higher in
Great Britain—assuming that the saturation
point of atmospheric air is indicated by the
number 100; that is, when the air contains all
the moisture which it can contain without pre-
cipitation, you indicate that state by the num-
ber 100, and then in examining any specimen
of atmospheric air in a given case you may
indicate the amount of moisture present by a
number which will bear the same relation to
the number 100 that the quantity present bears
to what would be present if the air were en-
tirely saturated. This amount, so present, is
called by scientific men, "relative humidity,"
which is indicated by an absolute number. As I
said before, the mean annual relative humidity
of external atmospheric air is about 08° in this
count ry. It is about that in Philadelphia. In
the air in this Chamber we ought, at a temper-
ature of 7~>°, to have a relative humidity of 6S°
or 70°. Upon one occasion Dr. Wetherill as-
certained that the relative humidity of air in
our galleries was 27°. He tested it in the gal-
leries and upon the floor and in the air space
above the ceiling upon another occasion when
the relative humidity of the air stood at 21°
in the diplomatic gallery and at 20° at the
level of the desks near the floor of the Cham-
ber. The relative humidity of the air we
breathed was 20° instead of 70°. This was in
cool weather, when the out-door temperature
was at about the freezing point.
Mr. Roscoe, an English writer %ho exam-
ined this subject, informs us that the air in the
House of Lords, where they have night ses-
sions, sometimes very prolonged night ses-
sions, especially in the latter part of the par-
liamentary sittings, is pleasant to breath when
its relative humidity ranges from 55° to 82°;
and yet, sir, during the winter months we
sit here in an atmosphere the relative hu-
midity of which is sometimes 20° or 21°. Of
course as the season advances, as warm weather
comes on, as the external atmosphere is in-
creased in its temperature, it obtains the moist-
ure which it demands from external sources,
and as we do not heat it by artificial means
before it is introduced, this objection of aridity
of the air does not exist here, and you are not
obliged to any considerable extent to struggle
against it. It is the difficulty in winter.
Now, sir, what the committee propose at this
time is, that the architect who designed the Cap-
itol wings originally, and a departure from whose
plans has introduced every difficulty that exists
now in the ventilation of the Halls—I speak
that with confidence after three years' examina-
tion of this subject—shall proceedin accordance
with the plans which have been examined and
approved to make the necessary preliminary
arrangements before the next session; to ob-
tain materials and to make the proper con-
tracts preliminary to. carrying this work into
execution; that during the next session we
shall have the air introduced into the Senate
hydrated, that is, have some amount of moist-
ure forced into it, and that we shall get through
the next session as well as we can with that
single improvement. Immediately upon our
adjournment at the next session, the work
above, the change of roof and ceiling, the in-
troduction of side windows, and all the other
details of the plan, will be carried forward and
can be executed a considerable time before the
meeting of the next Congress.
I will conclude by saying that there are two
leading defects wo encounter at present in ex-
amining our ventilation: the one, the aridity of
the air in winter; the other is the excessive
heat in summer, and this excessive heat in the
Hall is produced by the enormous amount of
metal and of glass which is placed above us.
It is impossible to have this Senate Chamber
ventilated and the air made healthy and the
condition of the members made comfortable
so long as that roof is retained.
As I said before, the architect, in designing
the Capitol wings, originally planned them with
external windows in the whole circumference
of the upper part of the Hall, and there was no
glass roof. He never intended any such abor-
tion, any such monstrosity in this climate, as a
sort of Grecian temple, open to the heavens,
or with the external heat and cold and the in-
fluence of noise excluded only by metal and
glass in the manner which has obtained.
Let me explain the effect of that roof in the
winter. We had that examined. Upon one
occasion when the external temperature was
at a temperature of SO^0 of Fahrenheit the
thermometer indicated 04° in the air space be-
tween the ceiling and the roof, which is our
lighting space; in the galleries 68°, and on the
floor of the Senate Chamber 70°. What did
that mean ? The warm air lying down in the
lowest part of the space and the coldest air in
the upper part; what did that mean ? It meant
this; your thirty-four hundred feet of glass roof
and your seven thousand or ten thousand square
feet of copper roof, (a single thickness at that,)
and the iron and glass ceiling were such instru-
ments and agents for imparting cold to the air
within our space that the coldest air was act-
ually in the upper part of the Hall and the
warmest air in the lowest part. You are obliged
to heat air and drive it in here and fight that
roof—contend against it—throughout the cold
months of the winter; and the disturbance
thereby produced to your ventilation is incur-
able .while the cause remains.
We had a Chaplain in the last Congress who
understood the classic languages, and I went
to him to obtain a Latin expression regarding
the roof analogous to that which is used in
reference to the destruction of Carthage. He
said it would be, tectum delenrhim est, which
may mean, the roof must be destroyed; it must
be abolished ; the impertinence of its presence
in this great structure must not be permanently
permitted. I have taken that as my motto in
reference to this question of ventilation which
has been under consideration for three years.
It is the key-note to the whole subject. You
must abolish the present roof, and you must
substitute some other arrangement by which you
can get control of the air used in ventilating
your Hall. By adopting this report the Senate
two years from this lime, on the 23d day of
July, 1868, can sit with perfect certainty in an
atmosphere of 70° in this Chamber. I think
that is an illustration of the proposed reform
which will come home to members,
Mr. JOHNSON. How is it about sound?
Mr. BUCKALEW. One of the leading
ideas in the plan of introducing air through
the ceiling and taking it out at the floor, one
of the main recommendations of it, is its
manifest improvement with regard to acous-
tics. By introducing the currents of air at the
ceiling and causing the air to descend through
a considerable space before it reaches the per-
son the inevitable result is that the air becomes
equalized in its temperature and in its density
through its whole mass, and the voice traverses
it with entire convenience and regularity. We
have had that subject specially examined by
Dr. Antisell, a man of science, and he has
prepared for us an essay or a report which will
accompany our report (read to-day) when it
is regularly printed and prepared for future
reference. This subject of the acoustics of the
plan was also examined by Professors Bache
and Henry when it was contemplated originally
to adopt it here. They visited many public
buildingsand examined that question with care.
I may say to the Senator, in addition, that for
the purpose of avoiding reverberations which
to some extent prevail in the present Hall, it
is only necessary to have passages for the air
sunk in the panels of the woodwork which cur-
tains the Chamber. In that case all surplus
sound would be conveyed into the passages,
and might by tubes be conveyed to the galler-
ies, as is done in Drury Lane Theater. There
are sub-passages connected with tubes by which
the voice is conveyed into the upper extremi-
ties of the galleries and the voices of the actors
upon the stage are heard distinctly at the most
remote points of that building. If it become
necessary to improve the acoustics of the Cham-
ber with reference to the excess of sounds
thrown back from the walls we can easily dis-
pose of all that surplus sound by throwing it
into the walls themselves and conveyingit away
and using it elsewhere if we please.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we must all
be very grateful to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania for the attention which he has given to
this important question which concerns so much
the comfort of the Senate; I was about almost
to say the character of our legislation ; for while
living in this anomalous atmosphere, certainly
it may be well imagined that our legislation
sometimes must suffer with our bodies. But
the Senator will pardon me if I suggest that he
has not been sufficiently radical in his proposi-
tion. I know the Senator in some respects is
unwilling to bo considered a radical. He does
not like the name.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no distaste for
the name; I claim to be very radical on some
subjects.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; now I wish the
Senator to be radical on this subject whieh he
has particularly in hand. He, catching a phrase
from ancient Rome, says, not that Carthage is
to be destroyed, but the roof is to be destroyed.
Now, I tell the Senator he does not go far
enough; these walls are to be destroyed. The
difficulty is not so much with the roof over our
heads, as with the surrounding walls. This
room must be brought to the open air; it must
be brought where there can be windows that
will look out to the light of day. Through
