1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL . GLOBE.
mm
those windows we can hare a natural ventila-
tion ; and as this building is seated high on an
eminence, it is open to the air always when
there is any air stirring. I think I do not go
too far when I say there is no public edifice in
.the world which enjoys advantages of site equal
to that of this Capitol. If any one calls to mind
the great buildings of London, of Paris, or of
Rome, there is not one of them that can be
compared in situation with this Capitol. Now,
sir, when we voluntarily shut ourselves up in
this stone cage with glass above, we renounce
all the advantages and opportunities of this
unparalleled situation. Let these walls be
taken down, and by a radical change this room
be brought to the open air. That will be a
change that will accomplish at once all in the
way of ventilation and everything else which
the Senator so anxiously recommends. The
proposition is more radical than his; it will be
expensive, I fear very expensive, for this build-
ing as we all see is built for immortality. Un-
less there is some act of legislation by which it
is to be changed this room will continue un-
comfortable as it is now for centuries. Sena-
tors, centuries after us, unless some of us inter-
feie to make the change, will be sitting as
uncomfortably as ourselves. Now, sir, I think
we owe it to those who are to come after us to
initiate the change.
I would call attention to two things which I
think essential. I have alluded already to one
of them, and I will now individualize it again.
First, this room is to be brought to the open air
by taking down these walls and having windows
that shall look out to the sky. Secondly, and
that is not less important, the room should be
not more thau half its present size. Here we
are in this room sacrificed to the galleries. In
that respect we are not unlike the combatants
in a Roman amphitheater, and here we are
engaged in our disputes to make, not "a Ro-
man holiday," but a Washington holiday. It
is on the occasion of a considerable discussion,
or what is sometimes called "a great debate,"
that these galleries are filled with fourteen or
fifteen hundred people. I need not remind
Senators how little the size of this room con-
sists with the proper transaction of public busi-
ness. It may do very well for a considerable
. occasion when some person is to occupy the
whole day and to give himself to an occasional
speceh ; but we all know that it is not consist-
ent with our comfort in the transaction of every-
day business.
I do not know that Senators remember the
testimony that was given by Sir Robert Peel
before ihe committee of the House of Com-
mons when they were considering what should
be the size of that room. He was summoned
before the committee and interrogated as a
witness is; ho was reminded that the House
of Commons consisted of six hundred and fifty-
eight members; he was then asked what accom-
modation he thought, all things considered,
should be provided for the House and specta-
tors, to which he replied, according to my rec-
ollection : true the House of Commons con-
sisted of six hundred and fifty-eiglit members,
but that number was very rarely in attendance;
then the number of spectators was compara-
tively small; on common occasions, upon every-
day business, even a small house, he said, would
notbe filled, and he thought it better to construct
the new House of Commons with a view to the
business of every day rather than with a view
to those rare occasions when the House -Cvould
surely be filled. He said, summing up his tes-
timony, we had better be comfortable every
day and stand a tight squeeze on those rare
occasions. I think there is a great deal of
philosophy in that. I think that the Senate
had better be comfortable every day and every
hour of the day, when itis transacting its morn-
ing business, when it is considering the introduc-
tion of measures, and occasionally stand a tight
squeeze, rather than be uncomfortable every
day, as it is through the unreasonable size of
this Chamber. You all know that when busi-
ness is introduced or motions are made in a
common tone of voice, it is difficult for us to
hear them unless we give very special attention,
and if there is any interruption by conversation
it is impossible. Now, I submit that the Cham-
ber ought to be of such a size that a Senator
making a motion in a common tone of voice,
or asking a question in a common tone of voice,
would be easily hoard throughout the Cham-
ber. I think that should be the rule of the
architect. No such rule has been employed;
this has been constructed with reference to
these spacious galleries, and our daily business,
I may say our daily life, is sacrificed to the ac-
commodation of the galleries. I submit that
if the galleries were half the present size, con-
taining some seven hundred witnesses, with
the reporter's gallery which already exists, the
whole theory of our institutions would be am-
ply fulfilled, the public would be in sufficient
attendance, and our business would be trans-
acted much more easily and advantageously
than it is now.
I say, therefore, there are two things to be
accomplished ; one is to bring this room into a
smaller space and another is to bring it out to
the open air; and in doing that all the object
of my friend from Pennsylvania would be sat-
isfactorily accomplished. We should have a
new system of ventilation which would be com-
plete ; it would be a natural ventilation in the
main instead of an artificial one, such as he
proposes.
I have thrown out these remarks as they come
to my mind, believing that they are important
for the consideration of the Senate, and further
believing that it belongs to the older Seuators
of this body, those who have been the longest
experienced in this Chamber, to take the lead
in these suggestions. Of course Senators who
have recently come into the Chamber will not
consider themselves authorized by experience
to propose a revolutionary or a radical change
in the room. It will be for those who have had
a longer experience of the Chamber, and espe-
cially for those who have had an experience of
the other Chamber where we were before this,
to insist upon this change. Why, sir, if it could
be done by my vote, I would go back to-mor-
row morning gladly to that other Chamber
where the Senate sat for so man.y honorable
years of it existence. There is no one who
remembers that Chamber who would not prefer
to be there thau here. For the transaction of
public business it was infinitely superior to this
room, and then on those rare occasions when
there was a large attendance there were spec-
tators enough ; the theory of our Government
was amply satisfied, the public were not ex-
eluded, and there were always reporters to
communicate promptly what was said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very much grati-
fied that the Senator from Pennsylvania has
moved in this matter. I think something ought
to be done. This Hall has been a subject of
complaint ever since we moved into it. I
served for one or two Congresses—I do not
recollect now the precise period when we moved
into this Hall—in the old Chamber ; and from
the time we first came here until now it has
always been a subject of complaint, not only
in summer, but in winter. It used to bo com-
plained of when we first came here very se-
riously in consequence of currents of cold air
in the Chamber, and at that time, some yeais
ago—I think the late Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Mr. Hale) moved in the matter first—a
committee was raised, and it was proposed, I
think, at that time to change the Chamber from
its present position to the exterior of the build-
ing. I have always been hoping that that
change would take place. I think it was the
greatest mistake that could have been made to
place these Halls in the center of the wings of
the Capitol. Now it is in contemplation to
improve the grounds. They are already very
beautiful on the east and west sides of the Cap-
itol. It is intended to extend the grounds on-
the north and south, and to plant trees. The
The prospect will be inviting and pleasing
when these improvements are made. If our
Hall was upon the exterior of the building,
with these fine grounds surrounding them, the
windows open, and access out upon the bal-
conies, what a relief it would be. What a
relief it would have been during the late hot
and oppressive weather to have had an oppor-
tunity, without losing the busiuess of the Sen-
ate, without being so far away that you could
not tell what was going on, to have the benefit
of windows upon the exterior. It is not simply
the air; it is the prospect. The prospect is
worth a great deal. It is a relief from the
tedious business of a six or eight or sometimes
ten hour session to look out upon the world,
and not to be shut up here like prisoners in a
jail or school-boys in a school-room, where the
windows are closed, lest they should look out
of doors and their attention be directed from
their books. t
I therefore should be sorry to see any money
expended in an attempt to raise the roof of this
Chamber with a view of'improving it where it
is. I think that this room should be adjoining
the exterior walls of the building. The archi-
tect some years ago made an examination to
see if such an improvement could be made,
and the matter was seriously considered. I
have not looked at his report recently, but he
made^a report and an estimate of the expense.
Two questions were considered: first, whether
it was practicable, consistent with the safety of
the building, in the manner in which it is con-
structed, to take out these walls and change
the Hall to the exterior walls of the building;
and secondly, what the expense of that change
would be. The architect reported that it was
practicable, that that change .could be made
without injury to the building; and my reeol-
lSction is that he estimated the expense of doing
it, making everything complete, and providing
rooms for the Secretary's office and these other
anterooms elsewhere, at $200,000. I do not
remember what the estimate is of the improve-
ment contemplated by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. If he stated it, I was not paying
attention at the moment. The cost of the im-
provement he designs making would of course
be much less than this radical change, as the
Senator from Massachusetts calls it, of moving
the Hall to the exterior walls of the build-
ing. I am not now prepared to suggest a plan
of doing that; but I hope we may have the
sense of the Senate upon the question as to
how this improvement is to be made. I take
it, all will agree that some change or other
ought to be had in this room. My own judg-
ment is that when we make that change, wo
had better change the location of the Hall, and
not attempt to improve it where it is. It is not
in the right, place. It never ought to have been
in the center of the building. Let us be where
we can have the prospect that will surround
us and have the benefit of the air as nature
furnishes it, without having it pumped up or
blown up by artificial machinery.
Mr. BUCKALEW.^ I deem it necessary to
make a few remarks in consequence of what
has been said by Senators who have spoken in
the debate. In the first place, I agree entirely
in the opinion expressed by the Senator from
Massachusetts that the Senate and House
Halls were made too large; that it would
have been much better if they had been con-
structed of smaller dimensions ; but I take it
for granted that we shall not get any measure
through both Houses of Congress proposing a
reduction or contraction in their size, and in-
ducing the enormous expenditure which will
be necessary to cffcct that object.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
he desires to get to the external atmosphere.
Now, sir, by the plan proposed, you accom-
plish that object; you get to the external at-
mosphere. The only difference between the
plan which the Senator suggested and that
proposed is, that by this plan you get to the
external atmosphere in the upper part of the
Hall by windows surrounding it, and accord-
ing- to his idea you would get to the external
atmosphere in the lower part of the Hall by
side windows on two sides of the Chamber
instead of four. Therefore, the whole object
which he suggested as desirable is obtained by
