4036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
the plan before us, while it would be but par-
tially attained by his. Of course, the moment
that air is introduced from windows in the up-
per part of the Hall, it would fall to the floor;
the whole mass of air within the entire Cham-
ber would be changed; and besides that, you
would not be subjected to side currents of air
upon the bodies of members themselves, i here
can be no question between the two, which is
to be preferred.
Now, sir, with regard to the suggestion that
we shall go to the sides of the wings with our
Halls, my opinion is, after a long consideration
of this subject, that that proposed reform is
one which will never be accomplished; that it
is simply a suggestion which, if not impracti-
cable, will not within any reasonable period
of time be realized. In the report made by
the select committee on this subject, which has
been read at the desk, a number of objections
to it are stated which seem to me to be deci-
sive. But in addition to those objections, there
is this one: after you get the Hall to the side
of the wing with two of its sides exposed to
the external atmosphere through the windows
or other apertures, the whole question of ven-
tilation and its arrangement returns upon you.
It is idle to talk of ventilating a hall of mag-
nitude steadily, regularly, and successfully by
side windows alone, Those side windows will
be exceedingly objectionable to those who will
occupy the Hall because of the currents of cold
air which will fall from them if they are not
double, and if you double them,- as they will
necessarily have to be in order to realize the
result, the Senator's external prospect would
be excluded or impaired. I do not know that
there is a single recommendation of that plan
which remains, after considering carefully the
practical difficulties in the way, except this one
of having a prospect, a thing which you can
have now by stopping out upon the balcony
under the colonnade. You arc able, as far as
that is concerned, to realize your wish if you
choose to withdraw from business andfrom de-
bate to enjoy the contemplation of nature, so
far as nature can be seen in a city inhabited by
fifty or one hundred thousand people with the
artificial conditions established by them. I
repeat again, that when we get to the sides of
the building ^e shall have to adopt some effect-
ive plan of ventilation, to bring the air in above
or below and remove it when it becomes con-
taminated.
1 have but one further remark to make, which
I think will tend to reconcile gentlemen to the
adoption of this amendment, which is the only
practical point before us. The elevation of the
ceiling, tlie insertion of side windows, and the
construction of a new roof, will not be entered
upon before the nest session of Congress. Of
necessity, that part of the improvement will be
delayed. When we meet next winter, we shall
have a model in wood, open to the inspection
of all the members of the Senate, showing pre-
cisely the effect of the changes proposed with
reference to the roof and the ceiling and the
side windows, so that it can be seen by the eye.
Then if there he insuperable objections in the
minds of Senators to entering upon that part
of our plan of improvement, we can arrest it
before any expense is incurred upon it. I sup-
pose this explanation ought to be satisfactory
to Senators, and induce them to agree to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is important that we
should transact some executive business, and I
therefore move that the Senate now proceed
to the consideration of executive business, as
there is to be a recess at half past four o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless the Senate are
disposed to waive the special order which was
made some time a<?o for this evening, I should
prefer to go on with the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. We shall take a recess in
half an hour anyhow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to recon-
sider that. I propose, however, to accommo-
date myself and this bill to the wish of the
Senate.
Mt. LAMB. Is the motion to go into exec-
utive session debatable ? If it is, I should like
to say that the less executive business we _do
until we adjourn, the better. ^ I do not think
I shall vote to go into executive session while
we are here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We must do some exec-
utive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to go into executive session is debatable to a
limited extent, so far as to state the reasons for
or against it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois to allow this amendment to be
disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is going to take
some time, and we cannot dispose of it and go
into executive session before half past four
o' clock.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and at five o'clock (the time fixed
having been extended) the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No.*365) granting the right of way to
ditch and canal owners over the public lands
in the States of California, Oregon, and Nevada.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Seriate to the joint resolu-
tion (IT. R. No. 83) declaring Tennessee again
entitled to Senators and Representatives in
Congress.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 193) authorizing the
transmission through the mails free of postage
of certain certificates by the adjutant general
of New Jersey, in which it requested the con-
currcnce of the Senate.
MILITARY PEACE ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator who has
charge of the business to-night, and I also ask
other Senators, to give me unanimous consent
to take up the Army bill, which lies on the ta-
! ble, having been returned from the House of
I Representatives with an amendment, and to
move to concur in the amendment which they
have made with an amendment, being the bill
that the Senate passed the same day that that
bill came here, with a view of bringing the mat-
ter before a conference. I have been endeavor-
ing to make this motion all day, and if there is
no objection, it will take but a moment'; there
is no need of reading the bill which I shall pro-
pose as an amendment, as it is the bill sub-
stantially we passed here the other day. I
propose, if the Senator will allow me, to take
up the bill and concur in the House amend-
ment with an amendment striking it all out
and inserting a substitute. That will probably
bring the matter in such a shape that we shall
have action upon it. If there be unanimous
consent, it will not take a moment, and I
should like to do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I have no
objection.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, to take up the
Army bill, and to concur in the amendment of
the House, with an amendment striking out all
after the word "that" and inserting what I
send to the Chair.
Mr. HARRIS. It was stated, when the mo
tion was made to have an evening session, that
it was to be confined exclusively to the consid-
eration of reports from the Committee on Com-
merce, and perhaps it will hardly be good faith
toward the members who are absent to take
up any other business.
Mr. WILSON. I do not believe there is a
member of the Senate who will oppose it.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to state another
thing. When this bill was under considera-
tion before the Senate a few days since, I pro-
posed two sections to the bill, which were
adopted by the Senate, but -which are not in
the bill now proposed to be substituted for the
House bill. If those sections were put in, I
should have no personal objection to the motion.
Mr. WILSON. If it is thought that my
motion will lead to debate or objection, I will
not persist in it. The danger is, that if we put
in any other sections, we may lose the whole
Wlb , „
Mr. HARRIS. Let me say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I think the section to
which I refer would be very good capital for
him to work on in the committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. I have cut down the bill as
it stands in regard to the volunteer officers to
be added to the regular Army._ The Senator
may think that it is rather unfair to the absent
members to call this up; but if unanimous con-
sent were given, it would be all right. How-
ever, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HARRIS. I think you had better take
it up in the morning hour.
INTERSTATE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. (56.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
66) to facilitate commercial, postal, and mil-
itary communication among the several States.
Mr. CHANDLER. As a House bill simi-
lar to this has already been acted upon, I move
that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
REGISTRY QT VESSELS.
Mr-. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 128.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 728) authoriziug
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue certift-
cates of registry, or enrollment and license, to ■
certain vessels* It authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue certificates of regis-
try, or enrollment and license, to the steamer
Diana, of Victoria, Vancouver Island; schoon-
ers M. C. Rowe, of Gloucester, Massachusetts 5
Mary, of Dexter, New York; Jessee Conger;
of Oswego, New York; N; C. Ford, of Buffalo.
New York ; Sweet Home, of Rochester, New
York; Alma, of Sodus, New York; Marcd
Polo, of Brie, Pennsylvania; brig Three Bells,
of Rochester, New York ; bark J. S. Austin,
of Buffalo, New York; and the sloop Dolphin,
of Alexandria bay, New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask a little
explanation of this bill, which I presume to be
entirely correct; but I ask whether these ves-
sels, being foreign vessels, the effect of this bill
will not be to introduce them into the service
of the United States without paying any rev-
enue duty or any internal tax whatever. I do
not know what the circumstances are, and un-
doubtedly the chairman can inform me. I was
not present in committee when the bill was
considered by them.
Mr. CHANDLER. These vessels are of the
same' category with those in regard to which
we passed a bill some time ago. They are Ca-
nadian-built vessels, and, as was stated at that
time, are thrown out of use on account of the
termination of the reciprocity treaty. VV"e have
been, perhaps, a little extra-liberal in national-
izing those vessels that were thus thrown out
of employment; but we passed a similar bill a
short time ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by adding at the end of it the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That there shall bo paid on each of such
vessels that are of foreign build a tax equal to tile
internal revenuo tax upon the material and con-
struction of similar vessels of American build.
