m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
tQ all in.ten.ts and purposes. And who can doubt i
this conclusion? It has been already adopted |
by "the Legislatures of three fourths of the j
States," in other words by three fourths of the j
States having Legislatures. The_ States having
no Legislatures at the time of its proposition
by Congress are not to be counted. Of what
value canbe the enforced consent of the disloyal
and barbarous bodies that have pretended to act
for certain States at the dictation of military
power? Military power may govern during the
war, but it is impotent to make a republican
State or to give assent to an amendment of the
Constitution.
Another bill introduced by me, and now on
the table, is founded 011 the guarantee clause.
It'is brief, and will explain itself:
A bill in part execution of the guarantee of a, repub-
lican form of government in the Constitution of the
United States.
Whereas it is declared in the Constitution that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form ofgovernment: and whereas
certain States have allowed their governments to be
subverted by rebellion, so that the duty is now cast
upon Congress of executing this guarantee: Now,
therefore,
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in all States lately declared to bein rebel-
lion there shall be no oligarchy,invested with peculiar
privileges and powers, and there shall be no denial
of rights, civil or political, on account of color or race;
but all persons shall be equal before the law, whether
in tho court-room or attheballot-box. And this stat-
ute, made in pursuance of the Constitution, shall bo
the supreme law of the land, anything in the con-
stitution or laws of any such State to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Both these bills are broader even than that
of my colleague ; for they point to the absolute
obliteration of all legal discriminations founded
on color, whether in the court-room or at the
ballot-box, and to this conclusion we must come
at last. But 1 confess that L feel the dignity,
the grandeur, and the substantial value, which
would be found in a declaration of Congress
that an oligarchical government, which denied
rights to a whole race; which undertook to tax
without representation; and which discarded
the "consent of the governed" as its just foun-
dation, cannot be a " republican form of govern-
ment. ''
The most explicit, the most positive, the most
. mandatory words in the Constitution are, "the
United States shall guaranty to every State in
the Union a republican form of government."
This great duty is thrown not upon any individual
branch of tlie Government, but upon the United
States. It is a duty "to guaranty''—which in
itself is a strong term—what? A republican form
of government. Now, by the lapse of State gov- j
ernments in tho rebel States, this duty is east ]
upon the United States. But the United States
are represented in Congress, or rather bvnn act
of Congress, .which in itself is the embodied
will of both Houses of Congress, and of the
President of the United States. Congress must,
therefore, determine, what is a republican forn*
of government? Into this question I do not now
enter. At the proper time I hope to consider it.
Icontent myself now by saying, that it is absurd
to say that a community, which is founded on
oligarchical pretensions, and which excludes
from all participation in the government any
considerable proportion of its tax-paying citi-
zens, and ignores the consent of the governed,
can be considered a republican form of govern-
ment. On this proposition i hope to be heard
at an early day. Hero is one of the greatest
questions of our history. I
And now after this brief review of the object
proposed to be accomplished, T am brought to
consider the practical necessity of such legisla-
tion and here it is my duty to expose the actual
condition of the rebel States, especially as re-
gards loyalty and the treatment of the freedmen.
On this head [ shall adduce evidence in mv pos-
session. In the endeavor to bring what I say
within reasonable proportions, I shall adduce
only a small part of what has passed under my !
eye; but it will be more than enough. In bring-
ing it lorward the difficulty is of selection and
abridgment. !
I shall begin with something relating to the
condition of the rebel States generally, and shall :
then proceed to consider the different States
successively.
And now, first, as to the rebel Statesgenerallv.
I know no testimony which has found its way
to the public, with regard to the general condi-
tion of the South, which will compare in value
with a series of letters by A. "Warren Kelsey, a
oetton agent of character apd intelligence above
question, who has traveled through the rebel
States. His communications with his employers
show singular powers of observation, and are
expressed with great clearness. Of course I
can only give a few extracts:
" In traveling about as I have, from one section of
tho country to the other, I have been abletocompare
opinions, and, as you know, I have had peculiar and
favorable opportunities for ascertaining the views
they have in common. I have endeavored to trace
the motives from which they have acted and which
now animate them, and their real purpose for the fu-
ture, if they have one. In giving you my opinion
now, it is proper tosay that Ihave taken no on.e individ-
n;:i as a criterion of the whole, and have judged them
only by the opinions I find they are generally agreed
upon; neither have I any one's statement for their
thoughts and actions. My opinions, deductions, and
conclusions are derived from my own experience and
observation among them, and whether they shall be
confirmed or denied by others, arc, notwithstanding,
my honest and sincere convictions."
* •'<
"While I am able to say that they have made up
their minds thatemancipation is a fact, and not tobe
avoided, lam obliged to state my earnest opinion that
so far as secession is concerned, that is, the doctrine
of State rights, it is more deeply rooted than ever
among them. They tire perfectly united in the belief
that the division of this country is both right from a
moral stand-point, and politic as a measure of expe-
diency. They have simply changed their base from
the battle-field, to the ballot-box, believing, as they
very frankly admit, thatgreatertriumphsawait them
there than they could ever hope lor in the field. In
almost every house hangs the old, worn confederate
uniform, which is displayed with pride and satisfac-
tion to all comer?. So far from repenting of the stand
ihey took, they gloiy in it. They regiet the result,
and their non-success, it true, but not one in a thou-
sand will admit they were in the wrong."
-i. -fc V :} S X
" Tlicy argue that at least ninety-five in every two
hundred votes at the North are sure to be thrown in
their favor, and they can now rule tlie Union by gh ing
up, which is cheaper than to persist in their idea ot a
separate Government. That idea, however, is only
laid aside for a time. Every boy at the South is be-
ing educated in the belief that the relations the South
to-day sustains toward tho North, are the same us
those of Hungary or Yenetia townrd Austria,, or of
Poland to Russia. They bide thcirtime. Thevhavc
adopted for their motto ** Patience, and shuffle the
cards.' Tho snake, so far from being killed, is barely
'scotched.' Meantime, they deem it better to rule
in tho Union than to serve in the confederate army.
"A> to their a i^ccti^n fur their nnlitaryleadeis,you
will find proof in tlie elections at Richmond and in
South Carolina. ATo man has a better claim to their
sympathy, and none stand a better chance ot elec-
tion, than tho^o who were the last to give up. Mo-
tives of policy may induce them to nominate others,
but the fact remains as I have stated. I repeat, that
General Lee and Wade Hampton are the two most
popular and bo=t-loved men in the South to-day. I
have heard butonedisparagingremarkmade of Gen-
era I Lee since I was at the South, and that was in this
connection: 1 was riding onenieht in a hack across
the gap in a railwav, madebv Wilson, and, as u^ual,
the conversation turned on political allairs and the
condition and prospect^ of the southern people. One
man said that General Lee stood the best chance for
the next Presidency-by the way, that is a very prev-
alent idea hereattheSouth—when anotlierremarked
that he would rather have Andrew Johnson, 1 was
curious to know why, and inquired. lie replied, that
'he had but little confidence in Lee since he favored
negro soldiers, and in his opinion he was not much
better than a J>lack Republican.'
"At present every one at the South is occupied in
his personal and family interests. There are no po-
litical parties: very little cohercncc of opinion as to
the policy bet to be pursued. Lut I find among the
knowing ones, particularly those who have been 011
to the jS'oi tb, and remained some time in New York
or Washington, a sanguine belief that they can easily
resume the reins of office, and these men are the only
Unionists in the South to-day. Y oucan depend upon
it, that the southern Statcs'in the future will present
one solid, unanimous front; their leaders have them
well in hand. And this is precisely what ninety-nine
in every hundred of the men, women, and children
believe sincerely as to the situation to-day: first,
that the South of 1 ight possesses and always possessed
the right of secession : secondly, that the war only
proved that the !North was the strongest, thirdly,
that negro slavery wn> and is right, bnt hn-< been abol-
ished by thewar. The southerner* are too .smart not
to *ee that slavery is dead, but many of them hope as
h-ng as the black race exists hero to be able to hold
it in a condition of practical serfdom. All cxpectthe
negro will be killed m one way or another by eman-
cipation. The policy uf Shosc who u ill ev em ually bo-
come theleadorsliere atthe South,is. fertile present,
toaeceptthc be^t they can gct,toiiecjmesce in anything
and cverj tiling, but to strain every nerve to regain
the political power and ascendency they held under
Buchanan. This they believe cannot bo postponed
longer than up to the next presidential election,
They will do all in their powertoresistnegro suffrage,
and to reduce taxation and expenditures, and would
attack the national debt if they saw any reason to be-
lieve repudiation possible. They will continue to
assert the inferiority of the African, and they would
to-day, if possible, precipitate the United States into
a foreign war, believing they could then reassert and
obtain their independence. They will, most of them,
take any oaths you may cause to be adopted, and
break them immediately, and without scruple. In
one word, this people have placed themselves in res-
olute antagonism to the North, and this generation,
at least, will always hate the northern people, while
the boys are being educated to the same idea."
* * * * * *
" On the whole, looking at the affair from all sides,
it amounts to just this: it the northernpeopleare con-
tent to be ruled over by the southerners they will
continue in the Union; if not, the first chance they
£ret they will rise again. I venture the prediction
that within five years they will cither be in power, or
will be fighting us again. If the first, God help New-
England I"
Other testimony is in harmony. Forinstance
a trustworthy traveler who has recently trav-
ersed the Gulf States, thus writes in a private
letter to myself:
" The former masters exhibit a most cruel, remorse-
less, and vindictive spirit toward'the colored people.
In parts where there are no Union soldieis, I saw col-
ored women treated in the most outrageous manner.
They have no rights that arc respectcd. They are
killed, and their bodies thrown into ponds or mud-
holes. They are mutilated by having ears and noses
cutoff."
Of course such a people already talk of re-
pudiating the national debt. To the question,
"Would it be safe to trust white men at the
South with the power to repudiate the national
debt?'' a person in gray uniform at «once re-
plied, 1' Repudiate ! 1 should hope they would.
I'm whipped, and I'll own it; but I'm not so
fond of a whipping that I'm going to pay a
man's expenses while he gives it to me. Of
course there are not ten men in the whole South
that wouldn't repudiate I" Such is the spirit
of these States. But a candidate for Congress
in Virginia undertook to speak for the rebel
States, as follows:
" J am opposed to thesouthern States being taxed at
all for the redemption of this debt, cither directly or
indirectly: and, if elected to Congress, I will oppose
ail such measures, and I will vote to repeat all laws
that hove heretofore been, panned for that pvrpo'sc; and,
in doing so, I do not consider that I violate any obli-
gations to which the South was a part}. We have
neva'plighted our faith for the redemption of the'war
debt. The people will be borne down with taxes for
years to come, oven if the war debt is repudiated. It
will be the duty of the Government to support the
maimed and disabled soldiers, and this will be a great
expense; and if the United States Government re-
quires the South to be taxed for the support of Union
soldiers, we should insist that all disabled soldiers
should be maintained by theUnited States Govern-
ment, without regard to the side they had taken in the
war.''
A late writer, who within a few days has re-
turned from an extensive tour in North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, and Georgia, and who
now enjoys a seat in your reporters' gallery,
thus testifies with regard to the national debt:
"The national debt doubtless seems to you beyond
the reach of any hand. Yetl regard it as very prob-
able that one or two or all of three things will be at-
tempted wi thin threeyears after thesouthern members
of Congress :<re admitted to seats—the lepudiation of
the national debt, the assumption of the confederate
debt, or the payment of several hundred million dol-
lar? to the South lor propeity destroyed and slaves
emancipated. I met several shrewd and intelligent
men who expressed the belief that confederate bonds
will be worth something in two or three years. One
told me that large amounts were held in New York
and England, and he expected steps would be taken '
within five years toward paying them from the na-
tional Treasury. I heard no man openly advocate tho
repudiation of the national debt, but scores argued to
me that it would not be fair to make the South pay
any part of it; and one man said he believed, if the
case were only carried up, that the Supreme Court
would so decide. The idea that the nation will pay
the South for her slaves extensively prevails both in
Ceoiifia and South Caiolina. It is incorporated into
the new constitution of Georgia, and is openly advo-
cated by many influential men in South Carolina.
Wherefore, I say, the national debt needs watching. *'
Let the Secretary of the Treasury take notice,
and not expose the national finances to the
peril which menaces them.
Passing from this testimony, which is gen-
era], I come 10 tlie neighbor State ot'\ i;;gixia.
I read from a private letter which I have re-
ceived from a Government officer there:
" We who aro hero have a much better opportunity
of knowing the feolinfr of the people than 3_ou at a
distance, for they will not speak as freely before you
as they will before us here and among themselves.
The feeling- of disloyally is as strong here now as it
