1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
rights of citizenship upon negroes, we must
have a constitutional amendment that will war-
rant the act before it'ean be done.
But, Mr. Speaker, if it were so, if citizenship
could be conferred, and therefore this act of
Congress would be authorized, it is enough for
me to answer that it has not been done.
I find, Mr. Speaker, as I expected, that my
voice begins to fail me, my throat being sore.
I shall therefore not attempt to argue this
question further. I
I will say, however, before I close, that I had 1
hoped that this sul >ject would be allowed to rest. [
Gentlemen refer us to individual cases of wrong 1
perpetrated upon the freedmeu of the South ]
as an argument why we should extend the Fed- jj
eral authority into the different States to con- j|
trol the action of the citizens thereof. But, I j
ask, has not the South submitted to the altered !
state of things there, to the late amendment of j
the Constitution, to the los'of their slave prop- j
erty, with a cheerfulness and grace that we did j
not oxpoct? Have they not acquiesced more j
willingly than we dared to hope? Then why j
not trust them? Why not meet them with ;
frankness and kindness? Why not encourage ;
them with trust and confidence? j
I deprecate all these measures because of i
the implication they carry upon t.heir face that
the people who have heretofore owned slaves
intend to (lo them wrong. L do not believe it. !
So far as my knowledge goes, and so far as my ]
information extends. 1 believe that the people j
who have held the freednien slaves will treat
theui with more kindness, with more leniency, j
than ihose of the North who make such loud
professions of love and affection for them, and
are so anxious lo pa^s these lulls. They know 1
their nature; they know their wants; they know
their habits; they have been brought up to- j
gethor, and have none of the prejudices and >
unkind feelings which many in the North would 1
have toward them.
1 do not credit all these stories about the
general feeling of hostility in the South toward
the negro. So far as I have heard opinions
expressed upon that subject, and I lun c con-
versed with many persons from thai section of
the, country, they do not blame the negro fur j
anything lhat has happened. As a general
thing, he was faithful to them and their inter-
ests until the Army reached the place ami took
hun from them. lie ha*.supported their wives
and children in the absence of the husbands
M'l's in ! he armies of the South. He has
1 lone ior them what no one else could have done
They lveogni/.e his general good feeling toward
them, and aie inclined lo reciprocate that feel-
ing towai'd him.
1 believe that is the general feeling of the
southern people to-day. The cases of ill-trc.it-
ment. are exceptional cases. They are like the
cases which have occurred in the noilhern
Slates where the unloi'tunate have been thrown
upon our charity. Take for instance the sto-
ries of theciuel treatment of the insane in the
State of Massachusetts. They may have been
barbarously confined tu the loathsome dens as
stated in particular instances, hut is that any
tividencf of the general ill-will of the people of
tie State of Massachusetts toward the insane?
Is that any reason why the Federal arm should
be extended to Massachusetts to control and
piotect the insane there?
It, has also been said that certain paupers in
certain Slates have been badly used, paupers,
too. who were whites. Is lhat any reason why
we should extend the arm of the Federal Gov-
ernment to tlio.se Stares to protect the poor
who are thrown upon the charities of the peo-
ple there?
Sir, we must yield to the altered state of
things in this country. We must trust the peo-
ple ; it is our duty to do so; we cannot do oth-
erwise. And the sooner we plucc ourselves in
a position where we can win the confidence of
otir late enemies, where our counsels will be
heeded, where our advice may be regarded,
the sooner will the people of the whole coun-
try be fully reconciled to each other and their
changed relationship: the sooner will all the
inhabitants of our country be in the possession
of all the rights and immunities essential to
their prosperity and happiness. -
Mr? THORNTON obtained the floor.
Mr. DUMONT. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me a moment?
Mr. THORNTON. Certainly. ■
Mr. DUMONT. I move toamend the amend-
ment of my colleague | Mr. Hii.i,] to instruct the
Committee on the Judiciary, by adding thereto
further instructions to amend the bill by striking
out all after the word ••except," near the close
of the first section, and inserting the following :
That nothing herein shall bo oonHrucd as re-
extending the rights of citizenship to any 011c who
ha« renounced the same, or acknowledged allegiance
to any government or pretended government m hos-
tility to the United States, or held office under tho
same, nor to any one who voluntarily has borne arms
against the United States in the lat* rebellion, or
who has been guilty of any act whatever which by
the laws of nations makes a forfeiture of citizenship.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The SPE A K KR. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson'J has the rightto withdrawatany
time the motion to recommit; and he has very
plainly intimated to the House his intention to
do so. The proposed instructions to the com-
mittee will fall with the withdrawal of that
motion. Hence those propositions to instruct
the committee are more in the shape of notices
to amend than anything else.
iUr. MILLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the end of the second sec-
tion the following:
I'ror.Htctf, That judges of State courts who decide |
.iudit i.illy, under tin* constitution and laws of the re- i
sjh'efive Staled in wlix-h they lo-ido, shall be ex- j
empted from tho penalties imposed by this section; I
Am! provtd'ii J'ar(h<i\ That the past) nginieved by j
«u<'h decision shall be entitled to an appeal lo the ;
district or circuit court of the U uited States, andiiom J
liieic to the Supreme Court o( the "United States. j
Mr. THORNTON. Mr. Speaker, as I oc- |
eupy the iloor through the courtesy of the gen- !
lleinan from Wisconsin, [Mr. eumudge,j and |
a* the lime allowed nte is but brief, I shall not
indulge in any extended remarks upon the bill.
From the commencement ofthis Government
it lias uniformly been held that each Stale has
the exclusive right to determine the tlaftts oi'
its inhabitants. This position is, I believe, con-
ceded by the gentlemen who are supporting this
bill; otherwise i might sustain it by a reference
io the opinions of Mr. Madison, of Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, and other eminent statesmen and
jurists.
The advocates of this bill have referred to
two provisions ol'lhc Constitution, under which
it is assumed Congress may constitutionally
pass tins measure. One is the recent amend-
ment. to the Constitution abolishing slavery:
the other is that provision in the bill of rights
u hich declares that—
"No person t-hall he dopiived of life, liberty, or
property without.dm1 process oi law."
Can the passage of this bill be justified by
the constitutional amendment for the abolition
of slavery ? Thai amendment is m these words:
"aiiticlh xiii.
" Sicc. 1. Ncithcrslavory nor involuntary servitude,
except ns a puiuMimmt. lor (..rune whereof the party
vhall have been dul> convicted. shall exist within
the United States, or any placo subject to their juris-
diction.
"Si.e. 2. Concn'o^ flm 11 hare power to enforce thi*
article by appropriate legislation."
Now, Mr. Speaker, to determine the power
conferred by any particular provision of the
Constitution, it is proper to ascertain the object
sought to be accomplished by the adoption of
thalprovision. What, then, was the object pro-
posed to be accomplished by this constitutional
amendment? Before its adoption a portion of
the inhabitants of the United States were slaves,
were chattels, were in the eye of the law prop-
erty. ' The object of this provision was to change
the condition of those persons from that of chat-
tels or property to that of freemen. That was
the sole object of the provision.
Now, sir, can it be maintained that all the
civil rights and immunities sought to be secured
by this bill are necessary to constitute a man a
freeman ? There are persons who never enjoyed
these rights j yet they have been regarded as
freemen.
I insist, sir, that the construction given to
the constitutional amendment by gentlemen
who advocate this bill is too broad, too latitud-
inarian. The sole object of that amendment
was to change the status of the slave to that of
a freeman 5 and the only power conferred upon
Congress by the second section of that amend-
ment is the power to enforce the freedom, of
those who have been thus emancipated. Is it
necessary to constitute a man a freeman that
he should have conferred upon him all the
civil rights and immunities provided for in this
bill ? Follow this idea to its legitimate and
logical conclusion, and where does it lead?
Gentlemen may say, as has been said in tho
other end of this Capitol, that the right of
suffrage is absolutely necessary to protect the
negro in his freedom, and therefore Congress
has the right to enact a law conferring upon
him the right^of suffrage.
if, to protect the negroes in their freedom,
you have the right to confer upon them all
the civil rights and immunities contemplated
by this bill, you have the right to carry your
legislation to any extent that the whim or ca-
price of gentlemen may dictate. If the con-
struction contended for bv the advocates of
this bill be correct, then the power conferred
on Congress by this constitutional amendment
is an indeliuite power, unlimited except by the
passions or caprice of those who may assume
to exorcise it. I submit, that no just rule of
constitutional interpretation will warrant the
broad construction which some gentlemen seek
to irivc to the second section of the amendment
abolishing slavery.
I grant the power necessary to secure and
protect the negro in his freedom as given to him
by virtue of this amendment. Congress has
the right, if it chooses to exercise it, to pro-
vide for the punishment of all persons who may
attempt to reenslave the negro; to provide for
the punishment, of all persons who may make
any effort to reduce him to the state from which
he has just, emerged ; to that extent we have
the power to go, and no further.
Is it necessary, sir, for this protection, to
confer upon him the right to give evidence be-
tween parties 111 all the Slates as this bill does?
Is it necessary to give him all the rights neces-
sarily included in the term civil rights and im-
munities? Congress has the power to punish
any man who deprives a slave of the right of
contract, or the right to control and recover his
wages. To that extent it may be necessary to
ha\e legislation. ]>.ii io go beyond that is to
trench upon the rights of tho State*, and is
assuming power which has always belonged to
the Stales of the Union.
{ will call aUenuon for a single moment to
what Mr. Madison said, in urging upon the
people of the country the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, as to the powers of
the Federal Government and the powers of the
State governments. He soys, in the Federalist:
"The power* dolcrntcd by tho proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government, arc few and delincd.
Those which are to lomain in the State governments
are numerous and indefinite. The former will be
cxerciscd principally on external objects, t\i war,
peace, necroli.ition, and toreiprncommercc, with which
last the power ot taxation will, for the most part, b'G
connected. Tlie powers reserved to the several States
will extend to all the objects whudi in the ordinary
course of a (fairs concern the lives, liberties, and prop-
erties of the people, and the internal order, im-
provement. and pro^perityof the State."
Chief Justice Marshall said in a case, I think
to be found in 6 Wheaton's Reports, that tho
States composing this Union, so far as regarded
mere municipal concerns, were sovereign ; that
they did not derive their independence from
the British king ; that the treaty of peace rec-
ognized but did not grant it. I ask gentle-
men, in the light of the opinions of these able
jurists in regard to the power of the Federal
and State governments, have^ we the power,
under a reasonable construction of the Con-
stitution, to enact this bill into a law?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
ThaterJ insist* that the power exists hv virtue
