1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3077
any of your railroads or any of the ordinary
public highways or turnpikes throughout the
whole extent of the country. A corporation in
the city of New York is invented with the high
privilege of setting up telegraphic wires in any
direction and in all directions throughout the
whole extent of this country, over your rail-
ways, over your turnpikes, over your ordinary
highways, anywhere and everywhere where the
Government of the United States has declared
that it has a post road. I think that is a little
broader and a little more comprehensive, per-
haps, than any bill in so few words ever before
proposed to invest any corporation in this
country with.
Whether this Government has the power to
carry the mail through the telegraph is a ques-
tion, perhaps, that wo are not to consider here,
but it is a grave question and one that requires
some little consideration before the Govern-
ment enters upon it. In the first place, whether
it is practicable to carry the mail by telegraphic
communication lias not been settled by any i
means. At the present rates, no one would
pretend that it could be done. It is a very
grave question whether the Government should
enter upon the consideration of the project of
carrying its mails over and by means of tele-
graphic lines.
Now, sir, if we were entering upon that ques-
tion, I think the honorable Senator from Ohio I
would agree with me that it presented a matter
of the gravest consequences, and which should
not be passed upon by the Senate in a moment,
nor without full and serious consideration. It
would involve, of course, the entire revision
of the whole subject of postal arrangements.
I infer from the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator that this bill is presented ill contempla-
tion of some such thing in the future. But
that is nol the question of authority to which
I now call the attention of the Senate. That
is not the precise question involved here. The
question which is mvohed here, and which to
my mind is very doubtful, is the one hinted at
by my colleague: has the Government of the
United States the authority to invest a private
corporation in the city of New York (for that
is what it is) with the power to make lines of
telegraphic communication in any direction
and in all directions over the whole length and
breadth of this country, not for postal, not for
military, but for its own purposes? That is
exactly what it is. This bill proposes to in-
vest a private corporation of the State of New
York with power to set up telegraphic com-
munication all over this country. Have we
any authority for that? The honorable Sena-
tor says that the corporation exists. True,
but it has not this power.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow mo to remind the
Senator that the present monopoly that now
controls all the telegraph wires of this great
country is in the hands of a single corporation
chartered by the State of New York, just like
this company; and the only question is, whether
we shall leave them in the ascendant, sole pos-
sessors of the field, or whether we shall, if wo
can, create competition.
Mr. MOIIRILL. That company, I suppose,
has its rights by virtue of the legislation of the J
several State Legislatures. There is no objec-
tion, of course, to a private corporation of the
State of New York undertaking to build tele-
graphic lines of communication throughout the
several States, provided that they do it with
the consent of these States; but the question
here is, whether the Congress of the United
States can authorize a private corporation to
construct and maintain telegraph wires inde-
pendent of the authority which they may re-
ceive from the States. That is the question,
for it will be seen that, the bill proposes to
invest this private corporation of New York
■with the right "to construct, maintain, and
operate lines of telegraph through and over
any portion of the public domain of the Uni-
ted States, over and along any of the military
or post roads of the United States which have
been or may hereafter be declared such by act
of Congress, and over, under, or across the
navigable streams or waters of the United
States."
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio, with the consent of the
Senator from Maine, whether he desires to
proceed with the consideration of this bill
to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. If any other Senator de-
sires time to look into it, I am willing that it
shall go over ; but I should like to hear the
conclusion of the remarks of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL. I prefer that the bill should
go over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. 1 will agree
to postpone the matter.
The motion to postpone the bill was agreed to.
HOUSE BILW KRKKiU!i:D.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred, as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. li. No. GGO) for the relief of
Captain James Siarkey—to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (IT. R. No. 001) changing the name
of KinII Cohen—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A joint resolution (It. R. No. 12:3) for the
relief of Elizabeth Woodward and George Chor-
penning, of Pennsylvania—to the Committee on
Claims. j
A joint resolution (II. R. No. L2f>) 1'or the j
relief of certain settlors on the Sioux reserva-
tion. in the State of "Minnesota—to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. ICO) to pro-
vide for payment of the claim of Colonel II.
C. De Alma for military services—to the. Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (II. li. No. 151) author-
izing the purchase of IJugan's work on Infantry
Tactics—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
A joint resolution (II. Ii. No. 152) relative
to certain guns captured in the late war—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
1AX1> TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 3'lf>) to quiet, land titles in California.
It is a bill which lias been reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It,
was introduced by Mr. Coxness, and reported
by the Committee on Public Lands with amend-
ments.
The first section provides that in all cases
where the State of California has heretofore
made selections of any portion of the public
domain in part satisfaction of any grant made
to that State by any act of Congress, and has
disposed of the same to purchasers in good
faith under her laws, the lands so selected shall
be confirmed to the State. It is, however, pro-
vided that no selection made by the State con-
trary to existing laws shall bo confirmed by this
act for lands to which any adverse preemption,
homestead, or other right has, at the date of
the passage of the act, been acquired by any
settler under the laws of the United States, or
to any lands which have been reserved for na-
val. military, or Indian purposes by the United
States, or to any mineral land, or to any land
which, at the time of the passage of the act,
was included within the limits of any city, town,
or village, or within the county of San Fran-
cisco.
By the second section,-where the selections
named in section one have been made upon
land which has been surveyed by authority of
the United States, it will be the duty of the
proper authorities of the State, where the same
has not already been done, to notify the register
of the United States land office for the district
in which the land is located of such selection,
which notice shall be regarded as the date of
the State selection, and,the Commissioner of
the General Land Office'is to instruct the sev-
eral local registers to forward to the General
Land Office, after investigation and decision,
all such selections, which, if found to be in
accordance with section one, the Commissioner
shall certify over to the State in the usual man-
ner.
Under the third section, whore the selections
named in section one have been made from
lands which have not been surveyed by author-
ity of the United States, bnt which selections
have been surveyed -by authority of and under
the laws of the State, and the land sold to pur-
chasers in good faith .under the laws of the
Slate, such selections shall, from the date of
the passage of this act, when marked off and
designated in the field, have the same force
and effect as the preemption rights of a settler
upon unsurveyed public land; and if, upon a
survey by the United States, the lines of the
two surveys shall be found not to agree, the
selection shall be so changed as to include
those legal subdivisions which nearest conform
to the identical land included in the State sur-
vey and selection. Upon the filing with the
register of the proper United States iand office
of the township plat in which any such selec-
tion of unsurveyed land is located, the holder of
the State title shall be allowed the same time
to present and prove ujj his purchase and
claim under this act as is allowed preemptors
undor existing laws: and if found in accord-
ance with section one of this act, the land em-
braced therein shall be certified over to the
State by the Commissioner of the General
Laud Cilice.
The fourth section provides that in all cases
where township surveys have been or shall
hereafter be made under authority of the Uni-
ted States, and the plats thereof approved, it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to certify over to the State
of California, as swamp and overflowed, all the
lands represented as such, upon such approved
plats, within one year from the passage of this
act, or within one year from the return and
approval of such township plats. The Com-
missioner shall direct the United States sur-
veyor general for the State of California to
examine the segregation maps and surveys of
the,swamp and overflowed lands made by the
State; and where he shall find them to conform
to the system of surveys adopted by the United
Slates, ho shall construct and approve town-
ship plats accordingly, and forward to the
General Land Office for approval. In segre-
gating large bodies of land, notoriously and
obviously swamp and overflowed, it shall not
be necessary to subdivide the same, but to run
the exterior linos of such body of land. In
case the State surveys are found not to be in
accordance with the system of United States
surveys, and in such other townships as no sur-
vey has been made by the United States, the
Commissioner shall direct, the surveyor general
to make segregation surveys, upon application
to the surveyor general by the Governor of the
State, within one year of such application, of
all tlic swamp and overflowed land in such
townships, and to report the same to the Gen-
eral Land Office, representing and describing
what land was swamp and overflowed under
the grant, according to the best evidence he
can obtain. If the authorities of the State
shall claim as swamp and overflowed any land
not represented as such upon the map or in the
returns of the surveyors, the character of such
land at the date of "the grant, September 28,
1850, and the right to the same, shall be deter-
mined by testimony, to be taken before the
surveyor general, who shall dccide the same,
subject to the approval of the Commissioner.
The fitth section makes it the duty of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
instruct the officers of the local land offices and
the surveyor general, immediately after the
passage of this act, to forward lists of all selec-
tions made by the State referred to in section
one, and lists and maps of all swamp and over-
flowed lands claimed by the State, or surveyed
as before provided in the act, for final disposi-
tion and determination : and if such final dis-
