1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
ti#
of the fifth amendment, which provides that,no
man shall bo deprived of life, liberty, and prop-
erty without dae process of law. Is this bill
necessary to prevent the deprivation of life,
liberty, and property? If laws arc enacted in
the southern States of the character alleged,
their constitutionality can be tested inthecourts
of the United States and there declared to be
void because in violation of the supreme law.
It is not necessary for the protection of life,
liberty, and property that this bill shoilld be
passed. Is it necessary that the negro should
be a witness in all cases between parties to
secure his freedom?
. Look at the condition of those whom this
bill is most to affect. Reflect upon the rela-
tions between the late master and his late slave.
These relations have been such for a long series
of years as to engender a state of feeling which
■will prevent the negro from being an impartial
and unbiased witness in controversies between
white men. This bill gives this right to the late
slave of being a witness in all cases without
regard to the feeling which may exist between
him and the white population.
I, sir, have no desire, even if I had the power,
to oppress this unfortunate class of our people.
I accept for one tlie amendment of tlic Con-
stitution abolishing slavery. I make no refer-
ence to the past for tlie purpose of cavil, but
I accept the fact., and am willing to legislate
for the protection of this class so far as to pre-
vent any enslavement of them, and punish, if
need be, any violation of their rights and
property. But I cannot consent to force upon
the people of the southern States, or of any of
the States, the provisions of this bill. Such
matters should be regulated by the several
States.
The first section of the bill declares all per-
sons citizens without regard to color. The
term, citizen, is frequently used in the Con-
stitution ; but in every instance, I think, but
one, for the purpose of distinguishing between
a native and an alien. Before the adoption of
the recent constitutional amendment the slave
was not a citizen. Under onr Constitution a cit-
izen is a free inhabitant, either born within the
United Stales or naturalized under a law of
Congress. The amendment made the slave a
free man and therefore a citizen.
The authority of Congress to make citizens
exists solely under that provision "that Con-
gress shall havepowertoestablisha unifoinirule
of naturalization." What is the meaning of the
term naturalize? It is the investing of an alien
with the privileges of a native-born citizen.
What is an alien? A foreigner, one born in
another country. The negroes, or the large
portion of them, are natives of the United
States. There is no power in the Constitution
to do what is provided in the first section of
this bill. The negroes are citizens in one sense.
They arc citizens because they were born here
and are now free. They were inhabitants be-
fore the adoption of the recent amendment;
they are citizens now according to the general
definition of the term.
Wherefore, then, the necessity of the first
section of this bill? What is the object of it?
If there is not something hidden, something
more than appears in the language, why do
gentlemen on the other side decline to accept
the proviso that has been offered, restricting
the meaning of the words "civil rights and
immunities" so that the bill shall not confer
upon the negro the right of suffrage?
It is said that the words "civil rights" do
not include the right of suffrage, because that
is a political right. Look in any of our dic-
tionaries, Webster, Worcester, or any other, and
you will find the word ''civil" is synonymous
with "political." I do not assume, as a law-
yer, that the words "civil rights" do include
the'right of suffrage; but with the loose and
liberal mode of construction adopted in this
age, who can tell what rights may not be con-
ferred by virtue of the terms as used in this bill ?
Where is it to cud? Who can tell how it may
be defined, how it maybe construed? Why
not, then. if it is not intended to confer the
^ right of suffrage upon this class, accept a pro-
viso that 110 such design is entertained?
The most serious objection that I have to this
bill is, that it is an interference with the rights
of the South. It was remarked by my friend
from Wisconsin that it has often been intimated
on this floor, and throughout the country, that
whenever a man talks about either the Consti-
tution or the rights of the States, he is either
a traitor or a sympathizer with treason. I do
not assume that the States are sovereign. They
are subordinate to the Federal Government.
Sovereignty in this country is in the people, but
the States have certain rights, and those rights
are'absolutely necessary to the maintenance of
our system of government. What are those
rights? The right to determine and fix the
legal status of the inhabitants of the respective
States, the local powers of self-government,
the power to regulate all the relations that
exist between husband and wife, parent and
child, guardian and ward, all the fireside and
home rights wdiich are nearer and dealer to us
than all others.
Sir, this is but a stepping-stone to a cen-
tralization of the Government and the over-
throw of the local powers of the States. When-
ever that is consummated, then farewell to the-
beauty, strength, and power of tliis Govern-
ment. There is nothing loft but absolute, des-
potic. central power. It lives no longer but as
a naked despotism. There is nothing left to
admire and to cherish.
Mr: WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
liabit to occupy much of the time of the House
in speech-making, but as this is one of the most
important bills upon which we shall be called
to act, I wish briefly to state what I believe to
be the sentiments of those whom I represent
on this-subject.
I was somewhat surprised yesterday in list-
ening to the argument of the gentleman who,
I believe, is the recognized leader of the Dem-
ocratic party of the House — the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. ItooErcs]-—for I be-
lieve, Mr. Speaker, that what we daily witness
on this floor justifies me in according to him
the leadership on that side of the House.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WINDOM. Have I done him too much
honor ?
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I hope no-
body 011 that tide of the House will make that
assertion again. The object and the intention
is only to create dissatisfaction on this side of
the House. I do not claim to bo a leader, nor
do I want any such statements made anymore.
Gentlemen will do me a service by refraining
from sueli remarks.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I should like to indulge
my curiosity for a moment. Who in the world
is the leader of that side of the House if the
gentleman from New Jersey is not?
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield any further.
Mr. MARSHALL. Allow me a word on this
question of leadership.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman can have
an hour after 1 get through.
Mr. MARSHALL. Just a moment.
Mr. WINDOM. I did not expect, when I
attempted to pa«s a merited compliment upon
the very learned and logical gentleman from
New Jersey, to stir up so much excitement on
the other side of the Chamber. I think that
excitement arises from two different causes, a
superabundance of modesty on the part of the
gentleman from New Jersey, and a lack of the
same on the part of his friends. It seems that
he declines the honor which I proffered him,
and regards it almost as an insult. [Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 wish merely to say that
we do not recognize him as our leader. _
Mr. WINDOM. 1 must decline to yield; it
is a very unimportant matter.
Mr. MARSHALL. We do not recognize
any autocrat. [Loud cries of " Order! "J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is out of order. The gentleman from
Minnesota declines to yield, and gentlemen
must not insist on defying the rules of the
House.
Mr. WINDOM. If it were ti matter of
importance I would. certainlyjyield. - I thin
every member upon this side of the House and
every modest member upon tlie other-side ac-
cords to the gentleman from New Jersey the
position I assign him. [Laughter.] I.wassaa-
ply about to say that I was surprised yesterday
when tlie leader of the Democratic "party on
this floorlp,nd, I may add, one of the chief
nurses of the new party born at Grover's the-
ater on the 22d of last month,) [laughter,J
advanced certain sentiments which he did.
His speech was somewhat long, anddi may
be interesting to bring the extreme ends of it
together that all.may see how they agreed I
read now a brief extract from the'beginning.
He says:
" Let me say, in the commencement, that there ia .
no person in this House more willing to extend to the
neprro oil the rights of life, liberty, and property than1
1 am. I am wiliin? to treat him in the most kindly
and Christian-like manner, unci extend to him every
privilege that ought to bo guarantied to any man in
the United States for the protection of his liberty, his
life, and liis property. But when I took my seat in
this body I took a solemn oath, which I implanted
deeply in my heart and conscience, that I would sup-
port the Constitution of the United States anddefead
it against its enemies, whether within or without."
That is the first end.
A passing word in reference to his oath to
support the Constitution having prevented him
from extending to the negro "all the rights of
life, liberty, and property." If I read cor-
rectly the discussion which took place between
him and the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Pp.ice]
a few days ago, or rather if lie is correctly, re-
ported in the Globe, the gentleman stated'that
he had never read the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. [Laughter.] If that be true, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
was justified in the side remark that "when he
took the oath, he must have gone it blind."
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the gentleman will
not misrepresent me. I did not say I had
never read the Constitution of the United
States. I said my attention Lad not been
called to the particular paragraph in the Con-
stitution and that I supposed it was in the pre-
amble. That is what I said.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman spoke an
hour and ahalf on this subjeet. about the length
of time lie always edifies the House when such
queslions are under discussion, and yethecan-
not tell you whether one,of the most important
provisions in that Constitution is in the pream-
ble or in the body of the instrument. This is
the lender of the constitutional Democracy of
the present day! [Laughter.]
N ow. sir, I have heard a great deal of this same
sort of constitutional argument here upon this
door, and in the country, from those belonging
to the party which this gentleman represents,
and [ never knew a single proposition which
had a tendency to elevate the masses of man-
kind. or which, during tlie last four years, was
calculated to crush out rebellion, that was not
assailed as unconstitutional by the so-called
Democratic party.
Sir, I remember well, that five years ago,
when traitors from the South and their allies
from the North were here on this floor plotting
I treason, and a proposition was made to coerce
I those States which had seceded, or'attempted
j to secede, coercion was declared to be uncon-
! stitutional, and everything is declared to ba
j unconstitutional which tends to preserve the
| country, or to guaranty to its humbler cidzens
| their rights.
I I read this part of the speech of the gentle-
I man from Now Jersey [Mr. RoOEits] for the
I purpose of comparing the gentleman's alleged
| devotion to liberty with sentiments expressed
I toward the close, of his remarks. The gentlc-
S man from Pennsylvania [Mr._ Thayer] inter-
i rupted the gentleman from New Jersey with
this question :
" The gentleman says he is a progressive man, and
a man in favor of the extension of human liberty- I
desire the gentleman to state whether lie voted for
the constitutional amendment abolishing slavery."
Tlie gentleman from Now Jersey replied :
"No sir; and I thank God that I never did- Ieould
