4Q3$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
fair in aid of the orphans of the soldiers and
sailors of the United States.
COMPENSATION 0® COSTOMS COLLECTORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 400.
The motion -was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 400) to fix the com-
pensation of certain collectors of customs, and
for other purposes.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with several amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line seven, after the
word "Saluria" to insert "Corpus Christi."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line nine, after the word "year" to insert "in
addition to the fees of ofliee; provided, that
such compensation shall in no case exceed the
sum of $2,500 per annum in the aggregate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The first section, as amended, reads as fol-
lows :
Be it enacted, <£c., That tile collectors of customs
hereinafter named shall, from and after the 1st day
of July, 1866, in lieu of the salaries to which they are
now bylawiespcctively entitled, receive the salaries
following, to wit: the collectors of the districts of
Texas, at Galveston, Saluria, Corpus Christi, and
Brazos de Santiago, Texas, each at the rate of $1,500
a year in addition to the fees of the offico: Provided,
That such compensation shall in no ease exceed the
sum of $2,500 per annum in the aggregate; the col-
lectors of the districts of Beaufort, South Carolina,
and Pensacola, Florida, each at the rate of $1,000 a
year: the collectors of the district of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, and of the districts of
Cherrystone, Virginia; Beaufort, North Carolina;
Brunswick, Georgia; St. Augustine, St. Marks, and
Appalachicola, 1'londa, and Teche, Louisiana, $509
a year each.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out the second section of the bill, in
the following words:
Si:c. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of ( ho 'jj ■' (- isry -!ia]i have the power and authority
to fix and determine the salaries of all deputy col-
lectors. deputy naval officers, and deputy surveyors:
Provided, That no increase of salary shall in any case
exceed tho oums annually allowed by law to any of
such officers respectively, prior to 1860, more than
fifty per centum, except ill the city of New Yorij,
where the addition may, at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, be extended to sixty per
cent, above such iormer allowance.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Snc. And he it further enacted, That all that part
of the State of Texas and thewafers thereof included
within the counties of Nueces, Starr, Zapata, Duval,
EaCinal, Webb, La Salic, McMullen, Live Oak, Bee,
Refugio, and San Patricio, shall be a distinct col-
lection district, to be called the district of Corpus
Christi, and the town of Corpus Christi shall he its
only port of entry; and a collector shall be appointed
to reside at said port. And Aransas shall bo a port
of delivery in said district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion three, in the following words:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act no naval officer or sur-
veyor of the customs shall be entitled to receive any
compensation liom the receipts for storago accruing
Ironi tiie deposits of merchandise in any public store
or private bonded warehouse; and no collector of the
customs, or officer acting as collector, shall receive
any compensation for storage, except that derived
from merchandise deposited in stores owned or leased
by tho United States and used by such collector as
public stores.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Sue. o. And be it further enacted. That the town of
India.uola shall heicaftcr bo the port ofeutry for the
district of Saluria, in said State, instead of La Salle.
And all acts and parts of acts conflicting with the
provisions of this act arc hereby repealed; and this
a.et shall takoeilecton and alter the 1st day of August
next.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion four the following:
SfiC. 4. And be it fui ther enacted, That in lieu of the
compensation now allowed by law there shall here-
after lie paid to each of the deputy collectors, deputy
naval ollieers and deputy surveyors of customs at
the ports of Now York, Boston, New Orleans, and San
Francisco a sum not exceeding 63,500 per annum, out
of the appropriation for expenses of collecting the
rev enuc from customs.
Mr. CRESWELL. In this section provision
is made for an increase of the salaries of deputy
collectors, naval officers, and surveyors of the
cities of New York, Boston, New Orleans, and
San Francisco. I see no good reason why, if
those officers have their salaries increased, the
like officers for the city of Baltimore should not
also be included. Their compensation now is
the same; their duties are precisely the same ;
they are alike onerous, and all alike exposed
to the expense of living in large cities. I
therefore move to amend the amendment in
the fifth line by inserting after the word "Bos-
ton "the word '1 Baltimore.''
Mr. MORRILL. These salaries are scaled,
and they are graduated with reference to the
business transacted at the different offices.
Baltimore does not fall within this scale. The
same reason that would increase the salary at
Baltimore would increase the salary at Port-
land, in my State; but for the reason which
I have assigned I did not insist in the com-
mittee that Portland should be kept in. Port-
land, Baltimore, and Philadelphia are on the
same j>lane, or nearly so. Portland is ahead
of both of them in the shape of importations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg to inquire of the
Senator from Maine whether this bill increases
generally the salaries of collectors.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir, it does not; and
it is for that reason that 1 am making these
remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "What is the reason for
increasing these particular ones ? Is there any
complaint about them ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. Their salaries
were thought to be inadequate. This bill does
not very much increase them. It applies to
four collection districts, the largest in the coun-
try. I was just remarking that the committee
did not think it advisable to apply the same
rule which the Senator from Maryland invokes,
in favor of the lower class or grade of districts.
I hope the Senator from Maryland will with-
draw his motion, because it will inevitably lead
to the raising of the salaries of the other of-
ficers who stand on the same grade as those in
Baltimore.
Mr. CRESWELL. I do not see the force of
the argument suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine. It matters not, certainly,
so far as these officers are concerned, what
amount of customs is received at their respect-
ive offices. The salary ought to depend upon
the capability of the individual, the capacity
of the man whose services are required, and
the expenditures to which he is subjected. In
the city of Baltimore, there are two deputy
collectors; in Boston there are three deputy
collectors, and in New York there are seven;
so that if there is more business to be done
there, there are also many more persons to do
it. In New Orleans there is but one deputy
collector. Itappearsto me thatthe capacity and
the amount of labor required of Uhese individ-
uals should be the measure by which we should
regulate their salary, not the amount of busi-
ness done at the particular office where they
are employed, because a man maybe employed
in a sinecure in an office where other persons
may perform a great deal of labor. It seems
to me that the same justice we exhibit toward
New York, Boston, and New Orleans, should
be extended toward other citieswhere men are
required to perform precisely the same duties.
Mr. MORR.ILL. How can it be that the
collector of customs at Baltimore who collects
a million and a half, or two millions at most,
has the same responsibilities as the collector
at New York, who collects one hundred and
fifty millions ? Is there any sort of comparison
between the two cases? These salaries are
predicated upon that element. That element
enters very largely into them. These offices
are all scaled. They are scaled, not with refer-
ence to the particular personal qualifications
of the men, but the responsibilities of the office,
and those responsibilities attach in proportion,
or are supposed to do so.under our policy, to
the amount of duties collected, because there
is no other way of measuring the responsibili-
ties of these men but by the amount of duties
collected. Now, these four offices are selected
p.s the leading office.'! in the country, and it was
supposed that they might very .properly be in-
creased. But if you grant this amendment,
necessarily, to be just, you must include Port-
land. My friend would not object to that, per-
haps ; but the committee did not think it worth
while to extend it to these offices, and the
Department did not recommend it. I think,
for the reason I have stated, it is obvious there
is a distinction between the collectorship at
New York and the collectorship at Baltimore.
Mr. CRESWELL. I should vote for Port-
land on your argument.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Maryland to the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CRESWELL. I was about to suggest
a verbal correction which is necessary in the
amendment to be inserted as the seventh sec-
tion of the bill. It provides that the act ap-
proved April 29, 1864, be extended to July 1,
1866. I apprehend that that is a misprint.
Mr. MORGAN. That amendment is not
necessary. A similar provision has been passed
in another bill. I move, therefore, that that
amendment be non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment reported by the
committee to the fourth section. The seventh
section has not yet been reached.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion seven the following:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of the act to increase the compensation of in-
spectors of customs in certain ports, approved April
29,1861, be extended to July 1,1866.
Mr. MORGAN. A similar provision has
been inserted in another bill, and I move, there-
fore, that the Senate non-concur in the report
of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be on agreeing to the amendment of
the committee just read.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out
"Beaufort, North Carolina," in the sixteenth
and seventeenth lines of the first section. The
words I have named are included in the spe-
cial bill for North Carolina that we have just
passed, and are therefore incongruous here.
Mr. MORGAN. That is right. I hope they
will be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
seamen's siieatii knives.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
834.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 334) to prevent the wearing of sheath
knives by American seamen was read the sec-
ond time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to extend the exist-
ing regulation for the government of the Navy
of the United States, prohibiting the wearing
of sheath knives on shipboard, and make it ap-
plicable to all seamen in the merchant service.
It is_to be the duty of the master or other offi-
cer in command of any ship or vessel regis-
tered^ enrolled, or licensed under the laws of
the United States, and of the owner or other
persons entering into contract for the employ-
ment of a seamen or other subordinate upon
any such ship or vessel, to inform every per-
son offering to ship himself of the provisions
of this act, and to require his compliance,
therewith, under a penalty of fifty dollars for
each omission, to bo sued for and recovered
in the name of the United States of America,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, one half for the benefit of the in-
former and the other half for the benefit of the
fund for the relief of sick and disabled seamen.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
