3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
position shall not bo made within one year
trora and after the receipt at the General Land
Office of any such list or map, the title of the
State of California to the lands embraced in
any of such lists or maps shall be complete and
final.
The sixth section proposes to construe the
act to provide for the survey of the public
lands in California, the granting of preemption
rights therein, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3, 1855, so as to give the State
of California the right to select for school pur-
poses other lands in lieu of such sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections as were settled upon prior
to survey, reserved for public uses, covered by
swamp lands or grants made under Spanish or
Mexican authority, or by other private claims,
or where such sections would be so covered if
the lines of the public surveys were extended
over such lands, which shall be determined
whenever township lines shall have been ex-
tended over such land, and in case of Spanish or
Mexican grants, when the final survey of such
grants shall have been made. The surveyor
general of the State of California is to furnish
the State authorities with lists of all such sec-
tions so covered, as a basis of selection. But
the State of California is authorized to provide
by law for the investment of all moneys derived
from the sale of school lands in a permanent
productive fund ; the proceeds of which shall
' be forever applied, under the direction of the
Legislature of said State, to the use and sup-
port of public schools in the several school
districts in that State and to no other use or
purpose whatsoever ; and the previous applica-
tion in such manner by the State of California
of funds derived from the sale of such lands is
ratified and confirmed, so far as the assent of
the United Stales to the-same may be neces-
sary to the confirmation thereof.
The seventh section provides that where, in
good faith, and for a valuable consideration,
persons have purchased lands of Mexican
grantees, which grants have subsequently been
rejected, and have used, improved, and con-
tinued in the actual possession of the same,
and where no valid aefverse title (except of the
United States) exists, such purchasers piay
purchase the same, after having such lands
surveyed under existing laws, at the minimum
price established by law, upon first making
proof of the facts, under regulations to be pro-
vided by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Under the eighth section, in all cases where
a claim to land by virtue of a right or title
derived from the Spanish or Mexican authori-
ties has been finally confirmed, and a survey
and plat thereof shall not have been made, as
provided by sections six and seven of the act
of .July 1, 1864, to expedite the settlement
of titles to lands in the State of California,
and in all cases where a like claim shall here-
after be finally confirmed, and a survey and
plat thereof shall not be made as provided by
those sections within six months after final
confirmation, it shall be the duty of the sur-
veyor general of the United Slates for Cali-
fornia to cause such survey and plat to be made
as soon as practicable, and to return the same
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office
at Washington ; and for the expenses of each
survey and plat made, and of the publication
required by the act of July 1, 18t>4, the sur-
veyor general is to be paid from the appro-
priations for the surveys of the public lands in
California.
The ninth section provides that from the
decrees of the district courts of the United
States for the district of California, approving
or correcting the surveys of private land claims
under Spanish or Mcxi/fan grants, rendered
after the 1st day of July, 1865, an appeal shall
be allowed for the period of one year after the
entry of such decrees to the circuit court of the !
United States tor California, as provided by i
section three of the act of July 1, 1864, to I
expedite the settlement of titles to land in the j
State of California, and the decision of the !
circuit court shall be final. !
The tenth section declares that if, upon final
investigation and decision, it shall be deter-
mined that there has been confirmed to the
State of California by this act more land than
under the several grants made by Congress it
is entitled to, the State shall pay into the sub-
Treasury of the United States at San Francisco
a sum equal to $1.25 per acre for each and every
acre so confirmed in excess of any such grant
or grants, such payments to be made within
one year of such final decision.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was in section one', line
fourteen, after the word "military" to insert
"or."
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. This verbal
amendment will be made without a vote, there
being no objection.
The next amendment was in section five,
line eight, after the word "determination" to
strike out:
And if such final disposition shall not bo made
within oneycar from and aftcrthe reccipt attheGon-
oral Land Office of any such list or map, then the title
of the State of California to the lands embraced in
any of such lists or maps shall be eomploto and final.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Which final disposition shall be made by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office without delay.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
nine, after the words "covered by" to strike
out "swamp lands or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
line four, after the word "rejected" to insert
"or where the lands so purchased have been
excluded from the final survey of any Califor-
nia grant."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line twelve, after the word "California" to
strike out the words "to cause such survey and
plat to bo made as soon as practicable, and to
return the same to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office at Washington; and for
the expenses of each survey and plat made,
and of the publication required by said act of
July 1, 1854, the said surveyor general shall
be paid from the appropriations for the surveys
of the public lands in California," and in lieu
thereof insert:
As soon as practicable after the passago of this act,
or such final confiunation, to cause tho lmes of the
public surveys to be extended over such land, and ho
shall set off, in full satisfaction of such grant, and
according to the lines of tho public surveys, the quan-
tity of land confirmed in such final dccixe, and as
nearly as can bo done in accordance with such de-
eroc; and all the land not included in such grant as
so set off shall be subject to tho general laws of tho
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose an amendment
in the sixth section, to insert after the word
"selection," in the eighteenth lino, the words
"such selections to be made from surveyed
lands and within the same land district as the
section for which the selection is made."
_ Mr. IIENDllICKS. I do not think it is pos-
sible to understand tho meaning and force of
that amendment unless it is explained.
Mr. CONNESS. It concerns the selections
to be made in lieu of the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections, or "indemnity land," as it is
termed technically, and requires that the selec-
tion shall be made from surveyed lands within
the district in which the section cannot be
already taken. It simply confines the selec-
tion to the land district in which the partic-
ular section cannot be had. I will say that it
is an amendment suggested by" the surveyor
general of the State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following
amendment to the seventh section, to come in
after the word "same" in line seven :
As conterminous proprietors according to tho lines
of their original purchase.
That is a mere provision regarding the ad-
ministration or carrying out the act.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to hear that
amendment read. I do not understand it.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senate will see that it
is simply to carry out an amendment already
made, that conterminous proprietors may be
located together, that they may divide subse-
quently between themselves.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Without a further ex-
planation I am not sure that that amendment
is right. I will state to tho Senate that the
purpose of this section is to provide for this
class of case^: many parties supposed that they
had good claims under the Mexican grants in
California, and that those claims had no par-
ticular location; relying upon that, they sold
to different parties portions of those grants,
and afterward the claims in some instances
were rejected by the courts, and in some in-
stances the lands which they had sold fell out-
side of their particular claims: and it was
thought equitable and just that the Govern-
ment should allow those parties where their
titles thus failed to become the purchasers from
the Government, without any restriction sueh
as is found in the preemption laws, as to quan-
tity, to allow the parties to purchase from the
Government whatever amount they had pur-
chased from tho supposed grantees, and thus
get a good title. But it was thought proper to
limit the right to purchase to the amount act-
ually occupied and improved by the parties.
Now, if the amendment of the Senator from
California goes to the extent of allowing par-
ties to purchase whatever they have occupied
and improved, and also adjoining lands, it was
not the purpose of the committee to extend
tho relief that far.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator simply that it is not intended and cannot
give them the right to purchase any additional
land. If the Senator desires to hear it, I will
have read a petition which has come to me,
which involves just this class of cases, from a
number of settlers oil one of these grants. I
think it is well for the Senate to hear it; and I
propose offering a further amendment, as called
for by this petition. I send it to the desk, and
ask the attention of Senators to its reading. It
is signed by a number of settlers on one of these
picces of land.
The Secretary read the following petition:
Dear Sib: Wc, tho undersigned,citizens of Suttor
county, California, have learned with pleasure tho
news that you havo introduced a bill in the United
States Senate having for its object the quieting of
land titles in California. If that bill becomes a law
it wiH undoubtedly be of great benefit to the people
of this State, but before your petitioners can derivo
a benefit from it—perhaps there arc others in our
situation—section four [which corresponds with sec-
tion seven of this bill] would havo to be so modified
that it reads, after having such lands surveyed under
the existing laws, thus: " or in oases where the gen-
eral system of the United States surveys is not appli-
cable, it shall bo tho duty of the surveyor genoral,
upon presentation of a petition sotting forth suffi-
cient reason for deviating from thatsystem and signed
by all parties interested, to havo a survoy made in
a-ccoidanco with said petition."
As a reason for sueh modification, permit us to
state that we have purchased in good faith lands
always considered to bo within the Now Helvetia
grant, but which in the final location of it were not
included. Wo bought at an early day, before any
Government lines were established here; we woro
necessarily compelled to adopt the subdivision linos
of the grant, it being rectangular with Feather river;
our improvements were made in conformity with
those lines, and tho changing of them to Government
lines would not only out our farms and orchards into
very bad shapes, but would create a cause of conten-
tion. Wc have always been in actual possession of
the land, and wish to abide by the lines as held for
the last sixteen years.
Wc therefore ask and pray that you will ingraft
such a clause in the law as will meet our ease and
thereby conferring a great favor on us and all others
m like situation.
Your petitioners shall ever pray, &c.
M. SALENTIEN,
DAVID O'MAHONEY,
C. P. O'NEIL,
E. W. LEE,
M. G. LEE,
G. W, LEE,
W. C. LEE,
. W.C.HODGE,
CHARLES PETERS,
PETER PETERS.
Hon. John Conness, United States Setiator.
Mr. CONNESS. I will stale that this sec-
tion is recommended by the committee for the
