M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
trol if me gave them the offices^ and I reckon they have not
changed very much yet.' There was then conversation
-on other matters: but half an hour later, after a mile
or so of silence, the Colonel suddenly resumed, ' Yes,
sir, our duty is plain; we shall be without weight now
that slavery is gone, unless we do join hands with
them; Andy Johnson will want a reelection, and Ihe
united Democratic party must take him up; it shall be
a fair division—we want the power and they want the
And the same writer, in another letter, shows
how rebels were honored in the convention:
"' I'll be d—d if I vote for any man who did not go
with the State/ said one of the delegates while the
canvass for officers was going on; in accordance with
which spirit the secretary is a gentleman who was a
colonel in the rebel army, and the door keeper a gen-
tleman who lost an arm in the service."
"Where such a spirit prevails the freedmen fare
badly. In Georgia they are treated cruelly. A
traveler writes as follows:
"The hatred toward the negro as a freeman is in-
tense among the low and brutal, who are the vast
majority. Murders, shootings, whippings, lobbing,
and brutal treatment of every kind are daily inflicted
upon them, and I am sorry to say in most eases they
can get no redress. They don't know where to com-
plain or how to seek justice after they have been
abused and cheated. The habitual deference toward
the white man makes them fearful of his anger and
revenge."
An official of the Government, after travers-
ing Mississippi and Alabama, writes from Geor-
gia in a very recent letter, as follows:
"Every day the press of the South testifies to the
outrages that are being perpetrated upon unoffending
colored people by the State militia. These outrages
are particularly flagrant in the States of Alabama and
Mississippi, and arc of such a character as to demand
most imperatively the interposition of the national
Executive. These men are rapidly inaugurating a
condition of things—a feeling—among the freedmen
that will, if not checked, ultimate in insurrection.
The freedmen are peaecahl e and inoffensive; yet if the
whites continue to make it all their lives are worth to
go through the country, as free people have a right to
do, they will goad them to that point at which sub-
mission and patience cease to be a virtue."
*
"I call your attention to this matter after reading
and hearing from the most authentic sources—officers
and others—for weeks, of the continuance of the mi-
litia robbing the colored people of their property-
arms—shooting them in the public highways if they
refuse to halt when so commanded, and lodging them
in jail if found from home without passrs, and ask, as
p, matter ot simple justiceto an unoffending and down-
trodden people, that you use your influence to induce
the President to issue an order or proclamation for-
bidding such wicked and unlawful proceedings; and.
if he deem it prudent, forbidding the organization of
State militia. The only militant force. Ni:i:nin> in the
South in more regular and volunteer troops to keep in
proper subjection those lately in rebellion, and to teach
them to treat the freed people in a manner becoming a
civilized community."
Another witness, himself a Georgian, with am-
ple opportunities of information, thus testifies*:
" I have personal and friendly relations with manv
leading men of this section. 1 had before the war. X
have met many of them in New York and in Wash-
ington within the past few months, and have, us a citi-
zen oftheSouth.had frequenteonversations w ith them
upon our future and the mean8' that should be em-
ployed to begin it auspiciously. These interviews have
been free and open in interchange of opinion, and X
must believe that X had laid bcfoi c me the intentions
of those who must and will again assume the leader-
ship here. If they are not to honored, their opinions
will show how they u-oidd lead had they the power.
" Among these were four ex-Governors of three dif-
ferent States, who had received pardons from Presi-
dent Johnson. Our con versa tion natural ly and ncixs-
sarily turned to the future of the emancipated negroes.
Their past and present condition was diseased, and
their chances as well as our own were of course con-
sidered, and everything that could bear upon their
future was canvassed. The course to he pursued by
the Legislatures of the reconstructed States, and the
laws to bo enacted, in order to obtain the fulfillment
of contracts with the freedmen employed, occupied no
small port ion of consideration. In this way X had full
opportunity to learn Ihe opinions of those who have
been and will be again looked up to as the leaders and
directers of southern opinion and sentiment.
"The unanimity of all was not the least singula,r
tnm<* especially regarding the bt<ifv* of the freedmen
and their rightshereafter. If legal chicanery can avml,
tho^c rights will be hut nominal, and they will remain
as they have ever been, isolated and apart; free in
name, but slaves in fact."
It seems that in Georgia there is a body of
men known as 11 regulators," who are thus de-
scribed by a correspondent of that journal which
has for years whitewashed the enormities of
slavery, the New York KcraV'l:
"Springing naturally out of thy disordered state of
affairs is an organization of 'regulator^' so calicd.
J hen-numbers inci ade many ex-confederate cava 'ier*
of the country, and their mission is to visit'summary
justico upon any offenders against the public peace
It is needless to say that their attention is largely di-
rected to maintaining quiet and submission among
the blacks. The shooting or stringing va of some obstrep-
erous ' nigger' by the 'regulators is so common an occur-
rence as to excite little remark. JS or is the work of pro-
scription con jined to the f reedmen only. The 'regulators'
go to the bottom of the matter, and strive to make it
uncomfortably warm for any new settler with demor-
alizing innovations of wages for 'niggers.'"
Such is the unimaginable atrocity which, ac-
cording to a friendly authority, prevails in Geor-
gia. Ihe poor freedman is sacrificed. The
northern settler, who believes in Human Eights
is sacrificed also. Alas! that such scenes should
disgrace our country and age! Alas! that there
should be any hesitation in applying the neces-
sary remedy.
Surely this is enough. I do not stop to dwell
on the instances of frightful barbarism. There
is one which has been authenticated in the
court of the provost marshal, where a colored
girl was roasted alive! And another writer, in
a letter just received, describes a system of
"burning" in Wilkes county, Georgia, as "u
mild means of extorting from the freed people
a confession as to where they have their arms
and money concealed." He says they were
held in the blaze." Think of it, sir, here in
our country, i'they were held in the blaze."
And the national Government looks on.
From Georgia pass to Alabama, only to
find the same evil spirit and the same succes-
sion of enormities, intensified, if possible. Here
again I am embarrassed by the variety and ex-
tent of the testimony.
A rccent private letter from Mobile thus tes-
tifies :
"The press and people here, with one voice, are loud
in their praise of President Johnson, for his wholesale
manner ot dispensing pardons. But X have yet to sec
the first signs of repentance on the part of those who
have received clemency from the Chief Magistrate of
the Government. The existing feeling is, that no man
wliodidnotsuppuit the confederacy is woith> of trust;
and all oilices are given to tho-;e who did theirhest to
break up the country. President Johnson will find in
the end that he has been too liberal in the exercise of
clemency. And, unless he changes his course, or is
cheeked by Congress, the most corrupt men in the
South will again £ ct into power, and sway the destinies
of this section of the countiy."
41 And until the labor question is adjusted between
the planters and the freedmen, we cannot look forward
to a time of prosperity. The indications at present are
not favorable to a satisfactory solution of this diilieult
problem. The planters hale the negro, andthelatter
cla.-s distrust the iormer, and while this state ot things
continues, there cannot be harmonious action in de-
veloping the resources of the country. Besides, a good
mi'nymen are unwilling yet to believe that the 'pe-
culiar institution* of the South has been actually
abolished, and still have the lingering hope that sla-
very, though not in mane, will yet in some form prac-
tically cxht. And hence the great anxiety lo get back
into the I nion, which being accomplished, they will
then, as X have heard it expressed, 'fix the negro.' "
"I look forward with deep solicitude to the ap-
proaching session of Congress. X hope there will lie
strength and moral courage enough in that body to
keep tiie ship of state right. The President has a
diihcull position to fill, and needs all the sympathy and
aid ho can got from right-minded citizens. But tliej e
is no question that he has boon most s;idly imposed
upon within the pa«t few months by designing ami
corrupt politicians."
Another private letter from a person so situ-
ated as to be accurately informed, gives this pain-
ful testimony:
"The Government in taking the responsibility of
freeing this people tacitly engaged to protect them
in their fj eedom. The various depaitments of, Gov-
ernment have solemnly declared the black man en-
titled to^equal rights before the law with the white
nian.^ Yet it is the simple fact, capable of inclchmte
proof, that the black man doe.3 notreccive the faint-
est shadow^of justice. I aver that in nine eases cut
of ten with.in my own observation, where a white man
has provoked an affray with a black, and savagely
mh-u-'ed him, the black man ha* been fiued for inso-
lent language because he did not receive the chas-
tisement in submissive silence, while the white man
has [\one free. It is the simple truth that the mo^t
flagrant crimes against the blacks are not noticed ;it
all. ami, indeed, a man loses caste if he interests him-
self about cheni.
"It is the simple truth that black men are not al-
lowed to use their own property to the best advan-
tage, or in any way to make such use of their cana- J
bihties as would be likely to elevate them in social I
position. s- * « ... j
"Thejibove are but specimen facts, and they are j
iacK Lveiy provo. i mar-dial who Inn been in othee !
hero Will 1 e-rily to the truthfulness of the picture. |
Meantime companies are forming to import coolies !
and Luropcan immigrants to drive the black man from j
toe little ehancc that is left him. The whole thing |j
may be summed up in one word: the South is deter- II
mined to have slavery—the thing, if not the name. And
if all restraint is removed, it is as certain as fate that
their condition will be far worse than it ever was be-
fore. It will be the old system with all its mitigations
rescinded and all its horrors intensified."
A •  if * .. # •>.
"The prospect for the coming winter is overwhelm-
ing in its horrors at best. If the freedmen arc left
friendless, it will be the very valicy.of the shadow of
death. Let Congress keep these States out of the
Union till the shape and tone of their legislation is
seen and understood, as relating to freedmen, and
then keep them out until it is clearly shown whether
the people will obey the legislation or make it a dead
letter from the beginning."
And still another letter makes* these revela-
tions:
"Do not let yourselves be deceived by the influ-
ences which reach you. These influences are ener-
getic, active, spare no pains or expense, to accom-
plish certain purposes. I know this people well; i
was born and reared with them: they are far more
hostile to the Government to-day than they were in
18(30. Every demonstration in the State &inee the
surrender has been, in one shape or another.that of
hostility to the Union: and every new concession
they make is simply made with the hope ot thereby
obtaining thatdegrecof independence which follows,
as they understand and expcct it, the resumption of
the status as States again.
' * The elections are j ust over. The sec essionists were
united to a man—hopeful, active; the Union party
disorganized, discouraged, and dispersed among the
secessionists. President Johnson and Governor Far-
sons arc responsible for it. The enemies of the Union
have defeated us horse, foot, and dragoons, in all
parts of the State. The stanch favorites of our party
are defeated everywhere."
" In a word, the friends of the Union are completely
under; the successful paity are the secessionists and,
renegade Unionists, enemies of the Government. It
is to the Union party of the North that we arc to-
day indebted for being able to lir.e. here.."
The person who is styled Provisional Gov-
ernor of Alabama, in a late message thus al-
ludes to rebel trophies, and fans the flame of
the rebellion:
" Several of these had been deposited in the execu-
tive department, and were not removed when the cap-
ltol was evacuated. They were not destroyed, how-
ever, by tho^c who took possession ot it, but came to
my hand« as the representative of the State for the
time being, and are now carefully preserved and
ready to be delivered to the Governor elected under
the constitution. We should "preserve these sacred
souvenirs of the courage and endurance of those who
went forth to battle under their folds,.and who man-
fully upheld them with theii life-blood."
Surely with such a person in high office we
could expect little else than the barbarism
which rages there.
From Alabama pass to Mississippi, and there
the same hideous scenes are renewed. Here is
the testimony of a citizen of this Scale, once a
slave-master, in a private letter:
"In respectful earnestness T must say that if at the
end of all the blood that has been stud and the treas-
ure expended, the unfortunate negro i< to be Ictt in
the hands ol ins infuriated and disappointed former
owneis to legislate and fix his stutia, God help him,
for his cup of bitterness will overflow indeed. Was
ever such a policy conceived in the brain of men
before ? After a great step and a mighty victory you
are exoeeted by President Johnson to withdraw your
protection from this people and turn their destinv over
to those who lor centuries have ground them intotho
dust. Ti uly, by such ac-ourse will >our fruits become
bit ter ashe-:.
"As a man who has been deprived of a large number
of persons he once claimed as slaves, I prot'^t against
such a course. 1 f it is intc nded to follow up the aboli-
tion of slavery bv alibesai and enlightened policy,
bv whieh X mean bestow ing upon them the full rights
of other citizens, then X can gi\ e this movement my
heart and hand. But if the negro is to be loft in a
helpless condition, far more miserable than that of
slavery, I would a«k what was the object of taking him
iiom those who claimed hi.- ?cr\ mo. As things seem
now approaching the portion of rendering loyalty
at the South n disgrace, ami those who, amid many
| dangers and trial--, stood [rue to the Union andtheCon-
I stitution are to be lett to 'uiftor the orn, contempt,
■ and oppression's of sece-sioni^t traitor—I saw as this
! scems^tv) be tlicseftled poh-v of the Government to
| th" whites^ so situated, 1 fear theie will remain hut
' little hope fort 1mm or f he n <?roc- unless the trim men
I of the country v.ill pre.--Tif a barrier between them
i and those who arc anxious to punish and destroy
i them."
1 The pretended Governor of Mississippi, like
the pretended Governor of Alabama, exults in
rebel victories, and fans the rebel flame. Both
convention and Legislature abounded in bitter
treason, in the convention one of the speak-
ers dechirod it to be policy to accept the pres-
ent condition of affairs uu.i) the control of the
Suite js returned into the hands of the people,
and "to submit for a timet o evils whieh cannot
be remedied," Another speaker in urging the
