1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3079
purpose of meeting just such cases, of which
this is one. There are many in the State.
The language is inserted, " where the lands so
purchased have been excluded from the final
survey of any California grant." These are
situated cxactly in that way; but that would
not, unless by the addition of an amendment
which I am going to suggest, enable them to
buy, as conterminous proprietors, the amount
of land already in possession. They want the
privilege by law of petitioning the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and that he
shall have the power to recognize their exist-
ing lines, according to which theig houses are
erected, their orchards planted, and all their
improvements made for sixteen years.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe I now under-
stand the_ amendment proposed by the Senator
from California, and I hardly think the Senate
will be willing to go so far as he now suggests.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, I do not insist stren-
uously on the amendment. I am willing to with-
draw it, but I will say to Senators that it sim-
ply proposes to allow two or three or more
persons to buy one piece of ground, so that
they may then divide according to their own
lines. The Senator from Indiana is entirely
in error in regard to his impressions of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if it
would not produce irregular surveys and re-
quire the surveys of the public lands accord-
ing to the description in the deed from the
original grantee.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I cannot under-
stand the language used.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
that by many bills of this kind passed, there
have been several, in which the improvements
made were of such a character that it was
necessary, we have again and again provided
' that the sale should be made to the parties
according to their existing lines, because to
divide and subdivide according to new lines
would be to destroy their improvements. Those
settlers whose petitions have been received de-
sired me to present this class of amendments,
and I intend to offer one to come in at the end
of the sectftn, namely:
Provided, That whenever it shall be made to ap-
pear by petition from the occupants of such lands
that injury to permanent improvements would result
from running the lines of the public surveys through
such permanent improvements, in those particular
cases tlio Commissioner of tho General Land Office
may recognize existing lines of subdivision.
It is simply an absolutely necessary provis-
ion to save them. However, if there is any
objection to the amendment, as I have no feel-
ing about the matter except tho more fully
to carry out the purpose, I shall not insist
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment, unless it is with-
drawn,
Mr. CONNESS. It is best that the amend;
ment lie inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now offer this amend-
ment in accordancc with tho prayer of the
petition which has been read, to comc in at
the end of section seven :
Provided, That whenever it shall be made to ap-
pear by petition from the occupants of such lands
that injury to permanent improvements would result
from running the lines of the public surveys through
such permanent improvements, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office may recognize oxisting
linos of subdivision.
It will be observed that the amendment does
not propose an arbitrary rule, but upon peti-
tion of all the proprietors to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office ho may recognize
their oxisting lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. In the seventh line of tho
seventh section the word "California" is in-
serted before "grant" by mistake for "Mex-
ican." There is no such thing as a California
grant, but the words should be changed to
"Mexican grant."
Mr. POMEROY. That suggestion is a good
one. The lauguage came to us from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and that
word escaped us.
Mr. CONNESS. It is simply a verbal error.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. CONNESS. I move further to amend
the seventh section by inserting after the word
"grantees" in the third line the words "or
assigns," which were left out by an omission.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say, if I be permit-
ted for an instant, in reference to the eighth
section, that an amendment has been adopted
in committee striking out all after "Califor-
nia" in the twelfth line to " California" in the
nineteenth line, and inserting what is printed
in italics. This is an amendment that was
prepared by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. My own opinion is that it is not
an improvement of the bill. I think it ought
not to bo there; yet, at the same time, I have
110 desire to oppose his amendments. This bill
has been under consideration, or bills like it,
for which this is a general compromise, for
four months past, and we arc so anxious to get
a settlement of these questions that I do not
feel disposed to quibble or find unnecessary
fault with any of tho amendments proposed;
but this is an amendment that, in my opinion,
is objectionable and injurious and ought not
to be made. I call the attention of the Sena-
tors who have considered it to it; yet I am not
strenuous about it, as I before stated.
Mr. POMEROY. That amendment, as the
Senator says, was inserted at tho request of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and prepared by him. The committee consid-
ered it at considerable length, and it was
thought by a majority of the committee that
tho Commissioner of the General Land Office
was right, that we ought to insert the provision.
It is on that acccount that it was inserted.
Mr. CONNESS. I am satisfied.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say that this sub-
ject of quieting land titles in California has
been before the committee for years, and this
is tho first time we have ever been able to agree
with tho Commissioner of the General Land
Office and the friends of this measure and the
enemies of the measure. This is a sort of com-
promise bill. After three or four sessions of
the committee this year, and as many every year
since I have been in the Senate, and the whole
matter being referred twice or three times to
the Commissioner of tho General Land Office,
he finally sent us this bill with the amendments
as meeting the approval of that department.
Mr. CONNESS. He lias also sent a letter
—has he not?—with it.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, a letter asking for
the passage of this bill. It is in that spirit that
we have presented it, and it is in that spirit
that we hope it will pass.
Mr. KJiiKWOOl). When the particular
amendment now referred to was before the
committee I was not in favor of it. It was
understood irl committee that the practical
cH'ect of it would be this: where a Mexican
grant has been confirmed by the courts in a
particular shape, an irregular shape, this
amendment would require that rectangular
lines should be run over it, and the grantee
compelled to take, in lieu of tho particular
piece of land confirmed to him by the court,
an equal quantity of land under our rectangu-
lar surveys. The understanding I had, I think
from the Senator from Indiana, was that these
grants were confirmed by metes and bounds in
irregular shapes, and that this amendment was
an attempt on the part of Congress to change
the form and shape and give to a particular
grantee other lands in lieu of those confirmed
to him by the courts. I did not suppose we
had authority to do that. I learn from the
Senator from California, however, that the
information given on that point was mistaken
information, and that the grants confirmed to
these men were not of specific lands of a par-
ticular shape.
Mr. CONNESS. I will explain as briefly
as I can. When the title of a grantee or peti-
tioner is confirmed it is never confirmed to
any particular land, but to a given quantity, a
given number of leagues, within certain bound-
aries that are named in the original cxpediente
or grant made by the Mexican Government to
the party. After that, it becomes another and
separate question as to where, within those
exterior bounds or limits, the given number
of leagues confirmed shall be located ; and
under a former law of Congress that duty was
devolved upon the surveyor general for the
Government in California, who would go for-
ward and make a plat, usually starting to make
.the quantity from whatever residence or loca-
tion there had been made upon the ground, he
being required, under the law, to make the
location of land as nearly as possible in a com-
pact body. Then the plat of the surveyor
general was sent up to the Land Office, and if
approved by the Commissioner, apatent issued
to the grantee for that specific descriptive
quantity of land. Subsequently the law was
changed and it was ordered that these ques-
tions of survey should be appealable from th£-
actof tho surveyor general to the United States
district court for the district, and tlienee to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and sub-
sequently again the law was changed and re-
manded back to its former position, and that
is the law now.
The object of this amendment is simply to
compel tho grantees who have lnvd their claims
confirmed, and then their surveys confirmed in
addition, to have the survey made so that the
surplus land shall be added to the public do-
main. Under the laws and the decisions of
the courts in the State of California, until the
segregation is made, the grantee may com-
mence proceedings in our State courts and
dispossess every person who may occupy any
portion of the surplus land. A resolution was
passed by the last Legislature of California
asking that a provision of this kind should be
enacted so as to compel the survey of these
grants that the public might know what was
private andwhatwas public land. Asbetween
this amendment and the language for which it
is substituted, it is a mere choice of words,
and I have no objection to either form of
expression.
Mr. HARRIS. I can see no appropriate- -
ness or fitness in the proviso at tho end of the
sixth section; it might be proper enough in
a separate bill in relation to that subject. I
move, therefore, to strike it out.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows :
Provided, That the Stateof California shall be, and
is hereby, authorized to provide by law for tho in-
vestment of ali moneys derivod from thesale of school
lands in a permanent, productive fund; the proeMd3
of which shall be forever applied, under the direc-
tion of the Legislature of said State, to tho use and
support of public schools in the several school dis-
tricts in said State and to no other use or purpose
whatsoever; and the previous application in such
manner by the State of California of funds derived
from (he sale of such lands is hereby ratified and con-
firmed, so far as the assent of the United States to the
same may be nccessary to the confirmation thereof.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree with the honora-
ble Senator from New York that this is a sur-
plus provision, entirely unnecessary and un-
called for. It is not of my production; it did
not occur in my bill. It is, however, a provis-
ion to which we have no objection, as. it is
what the State has done and proposes to do,
and therefore I was willing to let it pass. I
have no care as to whether it be stricken out
or retained.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I feel it my duty to
call the attention of the Senate to the last sec-
tion, which reads:.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That if, upon
final investigation and decision, it shall be deter-
mined that there lias been confirmed to said State
by this act more land than under the several grants
made by Congress it is entitled to. the State shall
pay into the sub-Tr?asury of the United States at
San Francisco a sum equal to SI 25 per acre for each
and every acrc so confirmed, in excess of any such
grant or grants, such payments to be made within
one year of such final decision, in such manner aa
the President or Commissioner of the General Land
Office may direct.
