1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
acceptance of the Union, thus revealed the
plot:
" If ice act wifsely we shall be joined by what called
the Copperhead party, and even by many of the Black
Republicans."
Such is the voice of Mississippi.
Naturally the freedmen are exposed to untold
hardships and atrocities. Here is the testimony:
"A superintendent of the bureau reports the poor
creatures coming in with cruel grievances that are
unredressed b^these magistrates. General Chetlain
tells us that while he was in command, for two months,
of the Jackson district, con taming nine counties, there
was an average of one" black man killed every day,
and that in n^oving out forty miles on an expedition
he found seven negroes wantonly butchered. And
Colonel Thomas, assistant commissioner of tho bu-
reau for this State, tells us that there is now a daily
average of two or three black men killed in Missis-
sippi; the sable patriots in blue, as they return, are
the objects of especial spite."
There is another authority of peculiar value.
It is a letter dated at Webb's ivanch, Tssaquena
county, Mississippi, November 13,1865:
M T regret, to state that, under the civil power, now
deemed by all the inhabi tants of Mississippi (since the
order of President Johnson revoking General Slo-
cum's decree in relation to the State militia) to be
paramount, the condition of the freedmen in manv
portions of the country has become deplorable and
painful in the extreme. I must give it as my deliberate
opinion, that the freedmen are to-day, in the vicinity of
where 1 am now writing, worse off in most respects than
when they were held as slaves. If matters arc permit-
ted to continue as they now seem likely to be, it needs
no prophet to predict a rising on the part of the col-
ored population, and a terrible scene of bloodshed and
desolation; nor can oi^e blame the negroes if this
proves to bo the result.41 1 have heard, 9incemy arrival
here, of numberless atrocities that have been perpetrated
against the freedmen. It is sulheient to state that
tho old overseers are in power again. The agents of
the Freedmen's Bureau arc almost powerless. Just
as soon as the United States troops are withdrawn, it
will be unsafe for the agents of the bureau to remain.
The object of the southerners appears to be to make
good their often-repeated assertions, to the effect that
the negroes would die if they were freed. To make
it so, they seem determined to goad them to despera-
tion, in order to have an excuse to turn upon and
annihilate them. There are, within a few miles of
where I sit wilting, several northern men who have
settled hero, designing to work plantations. They
all assure me that they do not consider themselves safe
in the country; and two. of them, ex-colonels in the
United States Army, are afraid to leave their places
without an armed escort. Other northern lessees do
not dare remain on their places."
Here are grave words, which open in fearful
vista the tragical condition of the freedmen,
and the perils of northern settlers there.
And no w the pretended Legislature is engaged
in fashioning an infamous Black Code; but 1 do
not dwell on this, as it has been already exposed
by my colleague.
From Mississippi pass to Louisiana, where
anarchy is beginning under the sway of return-
ing rebels inspired from "Washington. Union-
ists are menaced in their safety. The story is so
familiar that 1 content myself with a glimpse.
Here is tho testimony of a responsible person:
"During tho canvass I made a tour through the
northern portion of the Stale where I have resided
for many years and have a large acquaintance among
the people, and was t-urpi ibed to find the spirit of the
people more hostile to the Government than at the
breaking out of the war. This is especially the case
with the leaders, who asserted to me in piivate con-
versation that they were more impressed with the
truth of secession than they ever were; that the war
against the United States was a just one: that they
would not suppoit any man for ofiiee who did not
participate in that war; and that the only true policy
for the southern people to adopt is to support -the
Democratic party in opposition to the Republican
party of tho North. They say that the whole war
was an aggression on the part of the Government, and
that they intend to use every means in their power to
destroy the Government.
"A prominent member of the Legislature, now con-
vened in this city, said to me a short time before the
election, that he wasastrongersecessionist now than
he ever was, and that he hated the United States
Government, and intended to do all in his power to
destroy it. This man is a leading member of the
Legislature, which, in the House at least, is com-
posed of move than eight tenths who entertain the
same feeling, and are now legislating for the loyal
citizens ot this rotate.
"There are several respectable men now in this city
who are refugees from their homes in the interior of
the State, being recently expelled on account of their
Union sentiments."
And here is a private letter from an interior
town of Louisiana, written by a lady to a lady
in New Orleans and communicated to me :
"The poor colored people are in a constant state
of alarm. /There is a Mrs.  in this plncewho
teaches the colored children ; but the inhabitants, I
Fuppose, not liking their having the advantages of
education, expressed their disapproval by shooting at
the teacher. At one time she was nursing a siek baby
when a shot passed over her shoulder. No attempts
were made to discover the guilty party. Of course
all in office here arc rebels. The teacher, who is a
poor widow, became so much alarmed for her safety
that she petitioned the officers to allow the troops to
remain, which they did for a few days. The attempts
on her life notbcingrenewed.thetroops weroobliged
to leave, and it is only on her account that they re-
mained as long as they did."
Enough of this. Nor is this all. The pre-
tended Legislature is plotting, like such bodies
elsewhere, against the freedman. But I for-
bear to dwell on the elaborate machination.
In Texas there is more hope than anywhere,
because a sincerely loyal person has been placed
in power there. But a private letter from a
loyal Texan thus cries out:
"What we of the South fear is that President John-
son's course will, by its precipitancy, enable the old
set to reorganize themselves into place and power.
For Heaven's sake preserve us, if you can, from this
calamity."
Surely you will preserve them.
But there is special evidence that I ought not
to forget. The same authority which I adduced
with regard to the general condition of the rebel
States writes thus from Galveston, in Texas:
"If any man from the North comes down here ex-
pecting to hold and maintain 'radical' or 'aboli-
tion ' sentiments, let him expert to be shot down from
behind the jfirst time he leaves his house, a.id know that
his ■murderer, if ever brouaht to justice, will be acquitted
by the jury. If the military are withdrawn his house
even will be no protection, and he may expect to be
hung from his own chamber window. 1 tell you, Mr.
 , thesemcn arc only taking breath and recuper-
ating. < Not that there is the slightest danger of any
immediate outbreak. No; the southern people are too
smart for that. They will neve? again measure strength
with the North, unless their success be assured before-
hand. In case of foreign war, or a domestic convul-
sion at tho North, they will rise, but they will never
try it alone and without assistance. Meantime they
propose to 'take it out in hating.' Already our of-
ficers are the subject of a social ostracism. I repeat
that any man of radical views who comes down here
to plant cotton will be in constant danger, night and
day, unless ho holds his tongue. The ministers of the
Gospel, of all denominations, tho instructors of the
youth of the country, the women, and the young men,
all hate the North with a degree of intensity that
cannot bo exaggerated."
Small temptation here to the northern cap-
italist! Small "welcome to the northern emi-
grant! The first condition of prosperity is se-
curity; but this is absolutely wanting in this
blasted region.
There is also Tennessee, where authentic
testimony shows a painful condition of things.
1 content myself now with official documents.
It seems that a committee was appointed to con-
sider what could be done to arrest crimes and
disorders in Tennessee. Addressing Governor
Brownlow, they remark as follows:
"Tn the discharge of this duty, we would respect-
fully and earnestly call the .attention of your Excel-
lency to the many dreadful crimes that are becoming
so common not only in and immediately around tho
capital of the State, but over the whole country.
" Quiet aud peaceful citizens are met on our most
public highways and robbed of their money and prop-
erty, often cruelly besdon and abused, and in many
cases murdered outright. This state of things is not
only greatly injurious to the business of the country,
but shocking to all sincere advocates of law and order,
and to humanity itself.
"Wc, therefore, with the earnest desire to see se-
curity restored to life and property, and the majesty
of law reasserted, appeal to your Fxeollenoy, who is
the chief representative of power in the State, to ex-
ercise your power, and give the weight of your great
influence to correct these sore evils, of which theiohole
country so justly complain."
Governor Brownlow communicated this pa-
per to the Legislature by the following message:
State op Texxessee.
"fixnfiUTIVF. T>fp vrt\fF,\tt,
Nashville, Ti:nxi:ssi:i:, XovcmOer 22,1865.
Gendemrn of the Legislature: The reputation being
acquired by Nashville, the capital of your State and
the great commercial emporium of Middle Tennessee,
is humiliating to every friend of law and order. Mur-
ders, robberies, and burglaries are the order of the
day. No man is safe, day or night, within a circuit
i around Nashville whose radius is eight or ten miles.
The most of these outrages giowout of the abundant
use of intoxicating spirits, connected with those gam-
bling; hells to be iound in full blast on every street in
the city. The same maybe said, to a considerable ex-
tent, ot all tho larger cities and towns m the State.
Life and property must be protected or the countiy
will go to ruin. I therefore call upon you, most re-
spectfully but earnestly, by prompt anddeeisive legis-
lation, to remedy tins growing and alarming evil.
Should you fail to apply the necessary remedy, my
next appeal will be made to Major General Thomas
to close up all these dens of wickedness, so prolific of
lights, murders, and robberies of every description. J
The Sabbath is violated, the sanctuary of the LtfriHs
ruthlessly invaded, and ladies and gentlemea arse in-
sulted at every corner and on every highway. Again
I appeal to you, gentlemen, to relieve the suffering
people from this outrageous condition of affairs.
W. G. BEOWNLOW.
I add a few sentences from a Tennessee paper,
the Southern Loyalist
" Do the authorities at Washington realize the fact
that there is very great danger of wide-spread anarchy
and bloodshed? Do they realize that it is the supine-
ness and imbecility, or worse, with which the Freed-
men s Bureau has been conducted at this point- that
is the cause of danger, and it may be of much blood-
shed, r God knows we speak in all sincerity, and
we believe we speak the sentiment of nine tenths of
/he loyal men of Memphis.
When col\)rt5<l men have remonstrated .against
injustice—against the very discriminations against
freedmen that the War Department declared should
not exist—they have been told," If you damned niggers
think I am going to give you any rights that you had
not under the old State laws, you are damnably mis-
taken.' This may not be exactly literal, but it is very
nearly so. When colored people have asked for wages
hardly earned in the cotton-field but not paid.by
rascally employers, they have been in very many cases
told to go about their business or left to get their claims
jfs they could."
Such is Tennessee, the most advanced of thee
States claiming recognition in the government
of the country. But besides this testimony there
is other testimony derived from its own statute-
book. Tennessee refuses to the colored citizen
his rights at the ballot-box, and even his rights
of testimony in court.
I say nothing of Florida and Arkansas, for
the special testimony which had come to me
with regard to these States is not at hand. But
it is not needed. The same dreadful report
comes from these States also. But, even with-
out any report, all this must be inferred.' How
could it be otherwise? Abandoned to them-
selves, with unchecked power, the old slave-
masters naturally continue the barbarism in
which they have so long excelled/
Mr. President, I bring this plain story to a
close. I regret that I have been constrained
to present it. I wish it were otherwise. But
I should have failed in duty had I failed
to speak. Not in anger, not in vengeance,
not in harshness have I spoken; but solemnly,
Shrcfully, and for the sake of my country and
humanity, that peace and reconciliation may
again prevail. 1 have spoken especially for the
loyal citizens who are now trodden down by
rebel power. You have before you the actual
condition of the rebel States. You have heard
the terrible testimony. The blood curdles at
the thought of such enormities, and especially
at the thought that the poor freedmen to whom
we owe protection, are left to the unrestrained
will of such a people smarting with defeat and
ready to wreak vengeance upon these repre-
sentatives of a true loyalty. In the name of
God let us protect them. Insist upon guaran-
tees. Pass the bill now under consideration ;
pass any bill; but do not let this crying injus-
tice rage any longer. An avenging God cannot
sleep while such things find countenance. If
you are not ready to be the Moses of an op-
pressed people, do not become its Pharaoh.
Mr.t SAULSBUIiY. Mr. President^ the
proposition before the Senate, I believe, is to
refer this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I shall not be guilty of the impropriety
of violating the usage of the Senate by entering
into a general discussion of the merits of the
bill upon a motion of that character; nor shall
I attempt any reply whatever to the remarks
that have just been made. Private letters and
correspondence are not to be supposed to have
much weight with the Senate of the United
States. I shall detain the Senate but a very
short time, as I understand there is a desire
on the part of the body to adjourn presently in
order to attend the funeral ot the late Mr. Cor-
win. There is one remark, however, that I
wish to make before the adjournment, as per-
haps after to-morrow the Senate will not be in
session for some days.
There seems to be an apprehension in some
quarters, (judging from the debates that have
already occurred in this body and at the other
end of the Capitol,) that the Democratic party
is again to come into power, and that it is to
•come into power through the agency of the
