I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4089
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SEAMEN ON AMERICAN VESSELS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
439.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 419) repealing an act
entitled ''An act repealing certain provisions
of law conccrning seamen on board public and
private vessels of the United States," approved
June 28, 18G4.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this bill is one of very
considerable importance I think it right to state
to the Senate what the effect of its passage will
be. The law of 1864, which this bill proposes
to repeal, is an act repealing the provisions of
all the then existing laws requiring a certain
proportion of the seamen engaged on Ameri-
can vessels to be citizens of the United States;
so that the effect of the act of 1864, and of the
existing law, is to open American commerce
and American ships, both in the coasting and
foreign trade, to the employment of foreigners
entirely if the masters and owners of the ves-
sels so choose. The policy of the Government
has always been, from very early in the present
century down to this time, to pursue the oppo-
site course. The act of 1813, which is referred
to in this act of 1864, provided that after the
war citizens of the United States exclusively
should be employed on board the public and
private vessels of the United Slates. The act
of 1817, supplementary to that, regulating nav-
igation, required that two thirds of the crew
and all the officers should be citizens of the
United States, and that wherever they were
not very heavy tonnage duties should bo im-
posed, which it is not necessary to refer to.
Pho act of 1830, which continued to be the law
down to 1864, also provided that there should
bo three fourths of the crews American sea-
men, or those who had filed their declaration
of intention to become such, with various other
regulations; so that the policy of the Govern-
ment has been to encourage the employment
of American seamen in American commerce;
to provide for the obvious contingencies of
warfare and other disturbances, when it might
happen otherwise that our merchant service
would be filled with the citizens or subjects of
the belligerent Power with whom we might be
at war. The reason of the passage of the act
of June 28, 1864, undoubtedly was that we
were so pressed at that time for seamen that,
as a temporary emergency, it was found neces-
sary to resort to foreigners to fill up the naval
service. That occasion has gone by; and it
appeared to the committee to be quite obvious
that it would be proper to return to the original
policy of the Government and restore the laws
which had thus been repealed. That is the
effect of this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
IOWA STREAMS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
135.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 135) declaring certain
streams in the State of Iowa not navigable
s trGflittis
Mr. CHANDLER. As the report of the
committee on that bill is adverse, I move that
it be indefinitely postponed, without reading it.
The motion was agreed to.
u. I". PAKKOET.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will now ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to report from
the Committee on Commerce and pass at this
time a bill which was ruled out of order as an
amendment on the appropriation bill, and which
I was ordered to place on that bill some four or
five months ago. It would have been passed
long ago but for that. ,
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
445) for the relief of R. P. Parrott was read
twice by its title and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to R. P. Parrott the sum of
$12,198 35, in full payment for building an
iron light-house at Cape Canaveral, in the State
of Florida.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there any explanation
of that?
Mr. CHANDLER. I.will send the papers
in the case to the Chair, and ask the Secretary
to read the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and likewise the report in the case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury will be read,
if there be no objection.
Mr. MORGAN. Perhaps it is proper to
state that Mr. Parrott made a contract with the
Government for building a light-house at Cape
Canaveral in 1860. The Government wished
him to stop the work in 1861 when the troubles
commenced, and he did so at their request. All
the papers that are there go to show that fact.
Since the war has terminated he has been di-
rected to proceed with the work which he
stopped at the request of the Government. Mr.
Parrott, who is a very honorable man and would
make no statement but what was entirely cor-
rect, has made a statement of this kind. That
has been referred to the Light-House Board,
and they confirm all that he has said and rec-
ommend that this amount be paid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the read-
ing of the letter asked for ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Senator from
Maryland desire the reading of the letter?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; I am satisfied.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I presume it is
not necessary to read the letter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEOHG13 YV.F1SII.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask leave to in-
troduce and have passed another bill, for the
same reason, which was neglected to-day on
account of not being in order on the appropri-
ation bill.
The bill (S. No. 4G6) for the relief of George
W. Fish was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time. Is there any objection?
Mr. CLARK. Let us hear it read first.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will send the papers
in the case to the desk. 1 will state that Mr.
l?ish was consul at Ningpo, where he served
some eight months, and by authority of the
Secretary of State drew drafts for his salary
and the expenses of the office. He returned
late in 1861, and went immediately into the
Army. By some means or other those drafts
were protested, and he was compelled to raise
$1,825, which lie had actually negotiated. The
Secretary of State recommends that it be paid.
It is a just claim.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is this amount due him
for salary?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; for salary,
office expenses, &c.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of the Senator
if this is the same matter that he attempted to
put on the appropriation bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; this and the
previous bill are precisely the same case.
There being no objection, tlio Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay George W. Fish the sum
of SI,825 04, in full for consular services as
United States consul at Ningpo, in China, and
for exchange due him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossedforathird
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not understand
how this claim can arise. If the consul drew
a bill of exchange for what was duo him. if
there was anything duo Jiim, on the settlement
of his accounts at the State Department, if the
bill was protested he could still diawtheamount
by application to the State Department. "
Mr. CHANDLER. He negotiated the bills
and had to take them up himself. In point of
fact another man got the salary and he did not.
Mr. BUCKALEW, But if the bill was not
paid by the State Department, the fund upon
which he drew that which was due to him would
still continue due to him.
Mr. CHANDLER. And is due yet. That
is what is the matter.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the difficulty in
his drawing the amount if it stands to his credit
in the settlement of his account ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not stand to hia
credit. He drew a draft and it was protested.
The Secretary of State recommends that this
amount be paid because it is justly his due.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The facts in relation to
this case as they appeared to us before the com-
mittee, are briefly these: This gentleman was
the consul at Ningpo, in China, in I860. Ear'
ly in 1861, just about the time our troubles
broke out, there appeared to him one morning
another gentleman with a letter from one Tres-
cott, assistant secretary of state, not a commis-
sion, as it appears, but a letter stating that he,
this new man, had been appointed consul, and
that this gentleman should turn over the office
to him. This gentleman was a little suspicious
that it was a contrivance for the purpose of
getting the consulate with all its books and
papers into the hands of the rebel authorities,
and he refused to turn them over ; and there-
upon the person who came out and himself, in
that dispute, agreed to leave it to the arbitra-
tion of Commodore Stribling, I think it was;
at any rate the chief naval officer on that sta-
tion, and who was then acting charg6 d'affaires.
They immediately submitted the question as to
whether the person now under consideration
ought, under those circumstances, to turn over
tlie consulate, and the commodore decided
that he ought not, but that he ought to hold on
until regular papers from the State Department
should be deceived. He accordingly did hold
on and performed the duties of the office for
these eight months', or whatever the time was,
with the understanding between himself and
this other gentleman, whenthepapers did come,
that this man and not the other one should re-
ceive the compensation for that time. He ac-
cordingly, in good faith, drew his drafts in the
regular way, down 1.0 the time of tlie termina-
tion of his official career; but when the drafts
got home, by some accident or other, the State
Department had paid the drafts of the other man
who had retraced his steps from this understand-
ing, and had drawn accordingly. Now, there-
fore, it appears that this man-was acting con-
sul, and that, so far as technical regularity
went, he was consul, because it does not ap-
pear to this day in the Department of State
that the new man ever had a commission.
Mr. CLARK. How came they to pay him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. You must ask the Secre-
tary of State, not us. _ We did not got any
explanation on that point. The result of the
thing is, that this gentleman now under con-
sideration justly refused to turn over the con-
sulate ; when it was left to the arbitration of
the charge d'affaires at that place, he was for-
tified in that refusal; lie was authorized to
draw these drafts by the understanding with
the other party who finally got the papers, but
before his draft got home the other party was
allowed to take the money, and he was obliged
to pay his own drafts. If ever a case appealed
to the justice of Congress, this is one.
Mr. CHANDLER. The letter from the As-
sistant Secretaiy of State to Mr. Fish authoriz-
ing him to draw the drafts which ho actually
did draw is among the papers, and can be read
if desired.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose we shall have
to pay this amount; but the result is that we
are paying two consuls for the same scrviee
during the same lime. I understand the hon-
orable member from Vermont to say that the
successor of Mr. Fish drew his draft and it was
