8080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
- I believe that section was prepared at the
general Land Office; and when the question
was considered in committee I was not able to
see, nor am I now able to see, how Congress may
impose a duty upon the State of California to
pay money into the national Treasury; upon
what principle Congress may assert as against
a State its obligations to pay money into the
Treasury, and provide that that money shall
be paid in within a limited time. The pur-
pose of this bill is to confirm to certain citi-
zens in the State of California their land titles.
If we confirm to the citizens of California a
larger amount of land than the State of Cali-
fornia under the various grants is entitled to
receive, can we make it a condition that the
State shall pay a certain sum of money into
the national Treasury? This section asserts
an obligation against the State. Suppose the
State does not pay the money, how are we to
enforce it? Shall Congress place upon the
statute-book an obligation against a State which
it cannot enforce, and which the State in all
frobability will not regard? Instead of that,
think it is better to provide thus at the close
of the first section:
And provided further. That the .State of California
shall not receivo under 111i^ not a.greater quantity of
land lor school or improvement purposes Hum slio is
onrtitlod to undor existing laws.
I understand the purpose of this act to be
•to relieve titles in California from the irregu-
larity of the proceedings of the authorities of
that State. For instance, the General Gov-
ernment gave the State of California, along
with other States, five hundred thousand acres
for internal improvement purposes, instead
of selecting that land in place by the author-
ities of the State, the State sold certificates, in
what quantity I do not know, but sold certifi-
cates to her citizens, and the citizens located
the certificates upon lands which hud not been
surveyed by the General Government, hut hud
been surveyed by the Stale of California. Of
course here was aconlliel, between l lie proceed-
ings of the General Government and those of
the Slate. To the extent of that live hundred
thousand acres it is proper that we should
settle the controversy; but is it the purpose
of Congress by this remedial net to give the
State more than the live hundred • thousand
acres? If the State has sold certificates to a
greater amount than five hundred thousand
acres, is it the purpose here to confirm beyond
the five hundred thousand acres?
Mr. CONNFSS. Will the Senator permit
me?
Mr. IIRNDlilCKS. Certainly.
Mr. COXNKSS. 1 agree entirely with the
Sena I or that his amendment is better (ban Ihe
Hcotion. The section finds its way lone simply
from a desire on the part of California to show
that they waul no gain that is not theirs. That
is all. i think the amendment of the Senator
is a very much better provision confining the
amount.
Mr. HENDItlCKS. If it meets the judg-
ment of the Senator from California, I presume
there will be no objection. So I move to strike
out the tenth section as being inconsistent in
my judgment with the relations that ought to
exist between a State and the General Govern-
ment, and to ins'ert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing proviso to the lirst section:
And provided further, That tile Stoto of California
fcha.ll not receive under this aet a greater quantity of
land for school oi other purpose;; than she U entitled
to under existing law-,.
Mr. KIUKW'001). 1 am not certain that
the proviso will answer the purpose ; nor do I
think there is any practical difficulty in the
tenth section. It occurred in the State of
Iowa, in making the selections tliare. that more
lands were selected for school purposes by the
State and confirmed to the State than the
amount to which the State was entitled. I do
not know how the fact qccurred; but it did
occur that more land was selected under the
five hundred thousand acre grant than live
hundred thousand acres, and there was more
confirmed to thcState than five hundred thou-
sand acres. After the confirmation to the
State the State went on and sold the land to
individuals and received the money, and when,
long afterwards, it was ascertained that the
State had received more than her due propor-
tion of land, there was no difficulty between
the United States and the State of Iowa in hav-
ing the money refunded by the State of Iowa
to the United States. It was done. It was an
obligation resting upon the State of Iowa to
refund. There being a grant of five hundred
thousand acres to her, five hundred and fifty
thousand acres say were confirmed to her, and
she had sold it; she had in trust in her hands
the money for the excess, and that money she
of course paid over, as in good faith she was
bound to do, to the United States. The tenth
section but affirms in this bill that where land
is thus by mistake given to the State of Cali-
fornia, and used by her, she shall in good faith
upon her part repay to the United States the
value of it. I do not think there can be any
harm in it or any difficulty arise under it.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
from Indiana that ho except the word " exist-
ing" from his amendment so as to read without
the word '' existing.!,'
Mr. HENDRICKS. ITow will it then read?
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. CONNIES. Say "by law" instead of
" under existing laws," because this act itself
is a confirmation to the extent of these grants.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will modify it so as
to say " by law."
Mr. CONNESS. I will say in addition that
I was quite aware of what the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa has said, that this matter of
settlement as to the surplus or excess is a mat-
ter of mutuality frequently between the General
Government and the States. Some of the west-
ern States now are found to be entitled to an
additional amount of lands in lieu of swamp
lands, lands that arc found subsequently to be
swamp lauds, nud thus lands properly belong-
ing to the States under former grants which the
General Government has sold and received the
money for ; and the Land Ollice nowis handing
over to those States lands in lieu of them. This
system of settlement and mutuality is carried
out regularly ; but as we arc providing here for
confirming the titles of the State of California
or the locations under State authority, and as
it is within my knowledge that the State has not
sold to its own citizens in any ease under any
of the grants up to the amount allowed to them
by law, L think the provision as to that State
is complete in its character, and I prefer it to
the section in the bill, because that section is
really unnecessary, and we only suggested it
ax a provision showing that we wanted no more
land than we were entitled to.
Mr. HARRIS. What has been said by the
Senator from Iowa has satisfied me of the pro-
priety of retaining the tenth section. I prefer
it very much to the amendment suggested by
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CONNESS. So far as wo arc concerned,
I do not care which is adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I feel it my duty to read
to the Senate a dispatch from California which
has been received by the Presiding Officer of
the body, and handed to me for that purpose.
It is dated the 2!)th of May, and addressed to
lion. La Fayette S. Foster, President of the
Senate:
"The passage of Senate bill two hundred and six"—
which was upon this subject—
" will involve preemptors in endless litigation. Do
not pass it."
This is signed by Isaac Hobbs, chairman of
the Soscol Settlers' Association. I havegiven,
it is proper to say, all the consideration to this
dispatch that I thought it was entitled to, and
the committee have labored to free the bill
from the objections which this party seems to
| have anticipated. I certainly should not vote
to confirm a title irregularly obtained through
the State of California, as against a rightful
settler; but I think the proviso, to the first sec-
tion sufficiently protects that, class of persons;
and that was the opinion of the committee. I
do not know of any more important question
to the people of California than the settlement
of these titles. It was unfortunate that the
State of California established a surveying sys-
tem of her own. It was unfortunate that she
did not select her lands in place; very unfortu-
nate that she sold certificates to be located by
the purchaser at his election in any portion of
the State; but it has become a part of the his-
tory of the lands of that State, and we must
relieve the embarrassment in regard to then-
titles. I reported from the committee another
bill which was agreed upon by the surveyor
general of California and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office; but I cannot see that
that is a better bill than this ; perhaps not, in
some of its provisions, so safe a bill. I shall
support this measure.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Several Senators/ Let us vote.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate. 1 am quite aware that my friend from
Missouri desires the attention of the Senate
upon another question, and he will excuse me
for occupying a single instant upon this sub-
ject. The telegram just read is fully answered
by the proviso to which the Senator from In-
diana has referred ; and I simply desire to say,
that it may go upon the record, that I would
not vote to confirm to the State of California
or to any of its people, an acre of land which
was settled upon by a man who had undertaken
to make his home there. My whole effort has
been to give that class of persons, and the
object of this bill is to give that class of per-
sons, a title.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the "Whole were concurred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On consultation with
the chairman of the committee, I propose in
the seventh section, after the word ''adverse"
and before "title," in the eighth line, the
words "right or." 9
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to that.
It does not add any force to the present lan-
guage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to relieve the
matter of all doubt.'
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to postpone
all prior orders and proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill N o. 285, granting lands to
the State of Kansas to aid in the construction
of the Kansas and Neosho Yalley railroad, and
, its extension to Red river.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill was
before the Senate the other day I felt it to be
my duty to make some remarks with a view to
showing that the bill ought not to bo adopted
by the Senate. I had not completed what I
desired to say at the time of the adjournment
on that occasion, and I will now ask the atten-
tion of the Senate for a few minutes while I
add a few remarks to what I said the other day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
not yet taken up. The question is on taking
it up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought it was taken
up.
The motion of Mr. HEvnr&Rox was agreed
to ; and the Senate resumed, as in Committee
of the "Whole, the consideration of the bill, the
pending question being on the last amendment
reported by the Committee on Public Lands,
which was to strike out in the eleventh section
the words "may connect with the Kansas and
Neosho Valley railroad at any point on the line
of said road," and insert other words, so as to
make the section read :
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That any railroad
company chartered under any law of the United States,
or of any State which may have been heretofore or
