4040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
paid at the State Department for services Sup-
posed to have been rendered during these eight
months. Now we are about to pay Mr. Fish
for services actually rendered during the same
period. The United States, therefore, are pay-
ing twice as much as they were bound to pay.
I do not know where the fault was.
Mr. EDMONDS. Exactly; buttbatoaght
not to be visited upon this gentleman.
Mr. CHANDLER. This gentleman resided
there at great expense and performed all the
duties of the office.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to it. I only
express surprise that the facts should be so.
The bill was passed.
DISMAL SWAMP CAiSAl COMPANY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 178.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the-Whole, proceeded to
ponsider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 178)
in reference to the Dismal Swamp Canal Com-
pany. As the United States are interested in
the Dismal Swamp canal, connecting the inland
waters of the Chesapeake with the sounds of
North Carolina, by holding eight hundred shares
of the stock of the company; and as the canal
should be kept open as a navigable highway
without further outlay on the part of the United
States ; it is proposed to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the stock at auction,
or otherwise, in such manner as will best pro-
tect the interest of the United States in the
canal, and will insure that it be kept open as
a navigable highway, without further expense
to the Government; but the instruments and
papers effecting such sale are to be approved
by the Attorney General before the delivery
thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear
some explanation of this resolution. I was
nuable to get any in committee, and if any
other gentleman of the committee lias been
more successful than myself, I should certainly
be glad to have the Senate informed as to what
is the object of selling eight hundred shares
of this stock, and what gosd is to come of it
under the conditions which are named in this
resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am unable to give
the Senator the information which he desires.
This resolution was referred by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Njesmith,] and he was to make investi-
gation and report as he thought best; but he
is not'now present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SOKVEYS OF WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. .CHANDLER. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 139.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 139) to pro-
vide for surveys of the upper Mississippi and
Minnesota rivers.
Mi-. CHANDLER. As the objects provided
for in this bill were included in the general
river and harbor bill, I move that this bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
IMMIGRATION.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 now move that the
fiemuo proceed to the consideration of House
bill NTo. 481.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 481) to amend an
act entitled "An act to encourage immigra-
tion.' approved July 4, 1861; and an act
entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships and other vessels,"
approved March 3, 1855, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that this bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
bill and the amendment read before the bill is
postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment recommended by the Committee on Com-
merce is to strike out all of the bill after the
enacting clause and to insert a substitute.
Does the Senator ask for the reading of the
Original bill or of the amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, as
follows:
That the act entitled "An act to encourage immi-
grntion," approved July 4,1864, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the effect of.that?
Mr. MORGAN". I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope that motion will
prevail. I understand that this amendment
proposes to repeal the law in relation to immi-
gration, which, I always thought, answered a
very good purpose. I hope it will be indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand why
that act should be repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nor I ; and that is the
reason I want it postponed indefinitely.
Mr. BROWN. If we postpone this bill, it
will not be repealed.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think it is best to
have it go off in that way without our under-
standing what the bill is. It is rather fin im-
portant bill in some aspects. It received the
careful consideration of the committee; and
if it is desirable to consider the bill at the pres-
ent time, I have a statement to make in rela-
tion to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the further consideration of the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. MORRILL.' On that I will make a
statement of the character of the bill. The
• •committee instructed mo to report against the
House bill, which was a bill to amend the act •
of 1864 which created a Bureau of Immigra-
tion in the State Department, Or rather was
interpreted by the State Department to create
a Bureau of Immigration. It did not do so, in
fact. In fact, the bill of 1804 authorized a
Commissioner of Immigration, but it was con-
strued in the State Department to be a bureau.
This bill from the House, it will be seen, is a
bill to amend that act by enlarging its powers.
The committee, of course, considcredthe whole
subject, the act of 1864 as well as the one be-
fore them from the House, and came to the
conclusion to recommend the repeal of the act
of 1884 which authorized a Commissioner of
Immigration, and of,course to refuse to concur
in the bill which came from the House. Now,
I will state, if the Senate have any interest in
this subject, which I very much doubt by the
attention which I see they propose to give me,
what that measure is.
In 18G4 Congress passed an act, as I have
said, creating a Commissioner of Immigration.
He was to be under the direction of the Secre-
tary of State. He was to have one clerk here,
and he was to have a superintendent of immi-
gration to reside atNew York, who was also to
have a clerk. His duty here was one of super-
vision; the duty of the superintendent at New
York was one of supervision of immigration at
the city of New York. They had a right to
make rules and regulations, and a right to au-
thorize contracts to be made for the importa-
tion of immigrants from abroad, which con-
tracts by this law were declared to be valid and
should be enforced in the courts of the United
States.
The first thing that occurred to the commit-
tee on an examination of this subject was, why
establish in the city of New York, or anywhere
else, a Bureau of Immigration ? On what prin-
ciple- is it that this Government can enter
into the business of importing foreign labor?
The Senate will see at once that it is a novel
feature in the transactions of this Government.
It smacks so nearly of that trade which was
African, and was forbidden in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that we objected to
it at first on that ground. Then it was so
closely allied to the Coolie business that the
committee was astonished that the Senate ever
gave it a moment's consideration. It is 'es-
tablish a bureau to import labor. We import
almost everything else, and we have now come
to the importation of men. If you look at the
bill of 1864 you will see that they were to be
imported under circumstances and rules and
regulations which were of such a character, or
might bo of such a character, as to create an
apprehension in the public mind that it was
another species of slavery; and SO it is pro-
vided. It was overlooked, I suppose, by the
Senate, when it was passed; but there is an
actual provision in that bill that the rules
and regulations under which these importa-
tions may be made shall not be regarded as
reducing these people, when they are lauded on
this side, to actual slavery. But the bill itself
did authorize this Commissioner of Immigra-
tion to make rules and regulations to enforce
contracts which anybody might make abroad,
and to pursue those contracts all over this
country anywhere where these imported per-
sons should go, and enforce the contracts by
impounding their labor.
1 maintain, and the committee came to the
conclusion, that that was a species of slavery;
it was a species of servitude which had never
been allowed or countenanced in this country.
I submit to the Senate whether, with the un-
derstanding of the-character of that bill, it can
ever be conceived that the Government of the
United States intended to enter into the busi-
ness of importing men into this country. By
that bill they were authorized to make eon-
tracts, they were authorized to send agents
abroad into the cities and by-ways and lanes,
and make contracts and advance the expense
to bring over this labor, and then the Govern-
mcnt-of the United States was to be a party to
'enforce those contracts and impound the labor
aud pursue the laborer, the immigrant, where
ever he might go to enforce the contract and
recover the expenditures.
For these reasons, briefly stated, the com-
mittee were opposed to the whole system. By-
way of illustrating the workings of this system
I will read, from a pamphlet published last
year for our instruction when a similar bill was
sent to the Senate by way of amending the act
of 1864, the interpretation which those who
favored that bill put upon it themselves. By
the way, I ought to remark that the State of
New York had for many years a board of im-
migration, and there is in the city of New York
now a company of immigration whose business
it is to import foreign labor. They import
them on contract. They import them for any-
body who desires the labor.
Now, sir, all on earth that this Bureau of
Immigration has done sines 1864 is to act in
.harmony and in subordination to that emigra-
tion aid society or company incorporated by
the State of New York and doing business at
the city of New York. The Commissioner or
Superintendent of Immigration has held his
office in their office. He has cooperated with
them. They have made the contracts, and he
has sanctioned the contracts. They have made
the contracts for foreign labor and sent out for
foreign immigrants, and he has ratified those
contracts. The act provided that the Commis-
sioner might have power to make contracts
with railroads and canals when these passen-
gers should have landed, for carrying them to
remote parts of the country. This company
has made those contracts and the Commis-
sioner has ratified those contracts. He, then,
paid by the Government of the United States,
should the Government of the United Stateshas done nothing else, and the report shows
that fact, but to cooperate with the immigrant
company in New York, to render that com-
pany efficient, and enable them, through the
power of the General Government, to enforce
the contracts which they make in foreign coun-
tries for the importation of this labor. I sub-
mit that it is not a very dignified business for
