1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2121
from the further consideration of the message
of the President of the United States transmit-
ting communications from the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Postmaster General, request-
inga modification of the oath of office prescribed
by the act of Congress approved July 2, 1862,
and the same was laid upon the table, and,the
report of the committee ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROGERS submitted a minority report
upon the same subject; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report of the Committee
on the Judiciary was disposed of; and also
moused that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
p.retention op cholera.
Mr. WASHBITRNE, of Illinois. I move
to suspend the rules to enable me to report
from the Committee on Commerce, for action
at this time, a joint resolution to prevent the
introduction of cholera into the ports of the
United States.
The question was taken; and two thirds
voting in favor thereof, the rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, then, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported the
joint resolution ; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the President
of the United States to make and carry into
effect such orders and regulations of quaran-
tine as in his opinion may be deemed neces-
sary and proper, in aid of State or municipal
authorities, to guard against the introduction
of cholera into the ports of the United States.
It further authorizes the President to em-
power military and naval commanders in ports
and places in States that have been or are in
insurrection to enforce such quarantine regu-
lations as may be deemed necessary for the
purpose of guarding against the introduction
of cholera or yellow fever, and providing for
a proper course of treatment of patients.
The resolution also appropriates such amount
of money as may be necessary to carry the joint
resolution into effect.
Mr. SCOE1ELD. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that^as the joint resolution makes an
appropriation, it must have its first considera-
tion in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania will observe that the suspension of
the rules suspended that rule as well as all
others. The motion was to suspend the rules
that the joint resolution might be considered
in the House at this time.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Then I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois that there ought
to bo some limit to the amount of the appro-
priation.
_Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee considered that, point, and they did not
fix any limit to the amount of the appropria-
tion because it was impossible to tell how
much or how little would be needed. It is a
matter which must necessarily he left to the
discretion of the Departments. I would be in
favor of fixing a very small sum if the object
could be accomplished. But the yellow fever
is now prevailing in some of the ports and in
other places in the South, and the Secretary
of War has issued an order rather outside of
his authority, and unless some provision of
this kind shall be made he says he will have
to revoke that order. I hope, therefore, the
House will pass the joint resolution, and I
demand the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which ihe joint resolu-
tion was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nitho-glycerine.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, gave notice
that the Committee on Commerce, to which
was referred the subject of the necessary legis-
lation to protect life and property from the dan-
gerous explosive properties of nitro-glycerine,
with leave to report upon the subject at any
time, would probably be prepared to report on
Thursday next, at which time they would ask
the action of the House upon the subject.
message from the president.
A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by Hon.
Edmund Cooper, acting Private Secretary; also
a message that he had approved and signed bills
and joint^resolutions of the following titles,
namely:
An act (II. R. No. 18) to authorize the sale
of marine hospitals and of revenue-cutters ;
An act (H. 14. No. 25) for the relief of Thomas
Hurly ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 88) expressive
of the thanks of Congress to Major General
Winfield S. Hancock;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 102) for the re-
lief of Alexander Thompson late United Stales
consul at Maranham ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) appointing
managers for the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers.
reorganization of the arjiy.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. 11. No. SOI) entitled "An act to reor-
ganize and establish the Army of the United
States.1'
The following section was under considera-
tion :
Sec. 16. And be it further ennatpd, That the quar-
termaster's department of the Army shall hereafter
consist ot one quartermaster general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a biigadier geneial; six
quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of colonels of cavalry; ten quartermasters,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
colonels of cavalry; fifteen quartermasters, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of majors of cavaliy;
forty-four quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of captains of cavalry; and at least
two thirds of all original vacancies in each of the
grades of lieutenant colonel or major, and all origi-
nal vacancies in the grade of captain shall be filled
by selection from among those persons who have ren-
dered meritorious service as assistant quartermasters
of volunteers in the Army of the United States in the
late war. But after tne first appointments made
under the provisions of this section, asvaeaneies may
occur in the grades of major and captain in this de-
partment, no appointments to fill the same shall be
made until the number of majors shall be reduced to
twelve and the number of captains to thirty, and
thereafter the number of officers in each of said {trades
shall continue to conform to said reduced numbers.
The following amendment had been moved
by Mr. Davis :
Strike outall after the enacting clause of theseetion
and insert the following:
That the quartermaster's department of the Army
shall hereafter consist of one quartermaster general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier
general; four assistant quartermasters general, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels of cav-
alry; eight deputy quartermasters general, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry; sixteen quartermasters, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of majors of cavalry; and forty-eight
assistant quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of ca.ptains of cavalry, and the vacancies
hereby createdin the grade of assistant quartermaster
shall be filled by selection from among the persons
who have icndcred meritorious service as assistant
quartermasters of volunteers during two years of the
war.
The pending question was upon the following
amendment proposed by Mr. Sciienck to the
original section:
Add to section sixteen the following;
But nothing in this section shall be construed so
as to affect the commission of any officer noft com-
missioned, either as acting quartermaster general or
as deputy quartermaster general or as assistant quar-
termaster general, but only 1o change the title to
quartermaster in the ease of those who rank as col-
onels, lieutenant colonels, majors, andeaptains, with-
out affecting in any way their relative positions or
the lime fiom which they take such rank.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of Mr. Schexcii was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Davis.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by addingthe following:
But as vacancies may occur in the grades of major
and captain in this department no appointments to
fill the sameshall be made until the number of majors
shall be reduced to twelve and thenumberof captains •
to thirty, and thereafter, the number of officers in
each of said grades shall continue to conform to said/
reduced numbers.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman"
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] and accepted,
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis]
in lieu of one he had offered does not conform,
as T will hereafter show, to what was recom-
mended by the military officers to which this
matter was submitted. There has been a great,
deal of misapprehension upon that matter,
which has been persistently pressed upon this
House, all of which I mean to clear up by the
record.
But I confine myself now to proposing to.
amend the substitute by adding to it that which
I have road, and which is contained in the ori-
ginal section, eventually reducing the number
of those officers with a view to guarding against
the continued increase of the force in the quar-
termaster's department, and bringing it down,
even in case the substitute should be adopted,
to the point to which the committee think it
should be brought, by legislation looking to
the future sufficiency of the quartermaster's
department.
Now, I have already said to this House that
there has been a continued effort made to in-
crease the number of officers and to increase
their rank in the different bureaus or staff de-
partments stationed here at Washington. And
I have said to the House that I was prepared
to expect that, whenever any committee felt it
their duty to report against this gradual prog-
ress in the increase of numbers, rank, and
pay in these staff departments, there would be
a general outcry from those departments, which
would be felt in its influence upon this House;
and, as I once before said, that influence has
gone far beyond my expectations. This House
has already passed upon the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department, and has added two colonels
and one lieutenant colonel beyond what was
ever recommended by anybody outside of this
House, and beyond what was asked for by the
Adjutant General's department itself. That
the House has already done.
Mr. CONKL1NG. If the gentleman will
allow me, 1 desire to say that I have no doubt
the fact is precisely as he states it; and I wish
to say for one that, such being the effect of the
sec!ion, I voted under an entire misapprehen-
sion ; I understood the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] to receive from a mem-
ber of the committee the assurance that the
effect of the amendment would be to leave the
matter precisely as it stood; and when after-
ward the chairman of the committee showed
us the effect of that amendment, I am satisfied'
that it took entirely by surprise a large num-
ber of those who had voted for it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am assured by two oi
three gentlemen around me that they voted
under a misapprehension ; and I desire to pre-
vent any such misapprehension in the future.
Sir. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct an erroneous statement?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will give the gentleman
an opportunity to make the correction when I
get through.
Now, sir, I think myself that the House, in
voting upon the proposition made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, did not understand
that he had accepted a modification proposed
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blake,]
which introduced an entirely new feature. I
| am sorry that the gentleman from Maine, my
! colleague on the committee, is not, present at
1 (his time, because I wish that the history or
j this matter shall be fully understood. It was
i proposed by the gentleman to go further than
j the Department itself had asked, because if
1 we did not do so, certain friends of his would
