1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8081
shall hereafter be recognized and subsidized by any
act of the Congress of the United States, may connect,
unite, and consolidate with this railroad company,
after the same shall be located to the valley of the
Neosho river, upon just, fair, aud equitable terms, to
be agreed upon between the parties, and shall not be
against the public interest or the interest of the Uni-
ted States; nor shall any road authorized to connect
as aforesaid charge the road so connecting a greater
tariff per mile for freight or passengers than is charged
for the same per mile byits own road: A nd provided
Vw-f/ier.Xhat should tho Leavenworth, Lawrence, and
Fort Gibson Railroad Company, or the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, southern branch, construct and
complete its road to thatpomton the south era bound-
ary of the State of Kansas where tho lino of said
Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad shall cross the
same, before the said Kansasand Neosho Valley Rail-
road Company shall have constructed and completed
its said road to said point, then and in that event tho
company so first reaching in completion th e said point
on the southern boundaiy of the State of Kansasshati
be authorized, upon obtaining the written approval
of the President of the United States, to construct and j
operate its line of railroad iroia said point to a point
at or near Preston, in the State of Texas, with giants
of land according to the provisions of this bill, but
upon tho further special condition, nevertheless, that
said railroad company shall have commenced in good
faith the construction .hereof bofore the said Kansas
and Neosho Valley Railroad Company shall have
Completed its said railroad to said point: And pro-
vided furt ier, That said other railroad company, so
having commenced said woik in good faith, shall con-
tinue to prosecute the same with sufficient energy to
insure the completion of the same within areasonable
time, subject to the approval of tho President of tho
United Slates: Andpravidedfurthcr, That the right
of way, when not otherwise granted in this bill, shall
be obtained by said Kansas and Neosho Valley Rail-
road Company or cither of the other companies named
in this act, in accordance with the provisions of sec-
tion three of an act to amend an act entitled "An act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to tho Pacific oeean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," approved July
1,1862.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I under-
took to show the other day that the State of
Kansas has no claim upon the Government
for any further grants of public lands to aid in
the construction of railroads, and I will ask
tho attention of the Sena,te now to the last
report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, from which it appears that the
two roads to which there was a grant made in
1863, and their branches, would receive, ac-
cording to his estimate, two million five hun-
dred thousand acres of land; and then in
addition to that there has been the grant
to the Pacific railroad. The amount of land
granted for that road within the State of Kan-
sas I cannot estimate, for tlie Commissioner
does not make a separate estimate of it; but
in all to one of the roads it is thirty-five mil-
lion acres, not all, of course, in the State
of Kansas, but a very large amount of land
goes in the State of Kansas to that work. Of
course, whatever lands are used within the
limits of the State of Kansas for the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad is to be charged
against that State as a grant to her, because it
is a portion of her lands going to construct
a very important work within her limits ; so
that it is impossible to estimate accurately the
amount of lands already granted to the State
of Kansas for railroad purposes. But, as I
said the other day, some notion of it can be
gathered by looking at the map of the surveys
of that State that accompanies the last report.
Here is one road, starting at Atchison, run-
ning in a southwesterly direction across the
State. Here is another road, here is another,
and here Is another, [pointing out the various
roads,] so that nearly the entire surface of the
State is covered by grants already; and the
present bill is to put a road between a road to
which a grant has been already made and the
Missouri boundary line, to put another road
in there, in which, I say to the Senate, there
is not room to locate a grant. This present
proposed grant will lap on the grant made in
1803 for a number of miles. The greatest dis-
tance between this proposed road and the road
to which a grant has already been made, from !
Lawrence south to the State line, is thirty-six
miles as shown by the surveys ; sis townships,
thirty-six miles. That is a grant of alternate
sections for ten miles on each side of the road,
and then outside of that ten miles for a dis-
tance to make up whatever may have been sold
within that ten miles; so that there will be but
a few miles within which you can locate a road
and make a grant of lands: and that entire
portion of the State will be without a single
acre of land which a settler can occupy at
$1 25 an acre. It will be all carried up either
to railroad prices or to $2 50 fixed by the laws.
I said that it was not right, in view of the
fact that we had made such enormous grants
to the State of Kansas, to grant the balance
of the land lying nearest to the Missouri bor-
der lines. I think it is preposterous. Was it
the purpose of Congress to aid in the construc-
tion of this road from Lawrence, in a southern
direction, to Galveston bay? If so, will Con-
gress now grant lands to a road running par-
allel with it? The greatest distance they are
apart is at the starting-points—thirty-six miles
—and they must of course approach each other
until they meet at the southern boundary line
of the State. Senators will have to examine
the map to see the exact direction of these two
roads. I cannot, in an argument to tho Sen-
ate, explain it.
I said, in the second place, that it was not
right now to make a grant to a competing road
the tendency of which will be to defeat the
grant made two or three years ago. Here was
a grant to construct a road from Leavenworth
by Lawrence to the southern line of the State
of Kansas, in the direction of Galveston bay.
The purpose of Congress was to encourage tho
construction of a great road from the Missouri
river to the Gulf of Mexico. Now it is pro-
posed to make another grant between that
and tho State line, which will be a competing
road, which will at least impair the credit of
the road to which we have already made a grant.
Is that the policy of Congress? Is Congress
disposed to grant lands to a railroad enterprise
simply because a road can be located there?
Would Senators be willing to put their own
money in a road to compete with another one,
running, at the greatest distance, but thirty-six
miles apart, and coming together at the south-
ern line of tho State, and for very much of
their length running at the distance of from ten
to twelve miles from each other? Senators
would not put their own money, into an enter-
prise of that sort. Is it right to put the lands
of the Government into such an enterprise?
The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbui/l,]
the other day, when a bill was bofore this body,
usked the question whether that proposed bill
interfered with the rights of tho Indians. I
call the attention of that Senator, as he is on
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to. tho pro-
visions of this bill. This bill contemplates the
extension of this road south of the Kansas line
and into and through the Indian country, as
the Senator will find, commencing at tho tenth
line of the first section of the bill, "with a
view of its extension, so as to effect a junction
at lied river with a railroad now being con-
structed from Galveston to Red river at or
near Preston, in Texas,'' contemplating, and,
so far as Congress can, now making the grunt
through the Indian country.
I also call the attention of the Senator from
Illinois to the eleventh section of the bill.
That section provides, in great detail, how the
land in tho Indian country is to be disposed of.
I believe we have not at any time undertaken
to dispose of the Indian lands where those
lands have been secured to the Indians by
solemn tieaty. The lands lying between tho
State of Kansas and the State of Texas have
been secured to various Indian tribes by trea-
ties securing them, by the most emphatic lan-
guage possible, from every invasion of the
"white man. I believe the lands are given to
them in fee-simple and a provision is found
in some of the treaties, as I understand, that
the white man shall for no purpose come within
their country. This bill contemplates the ex-
tinguishment of the Indian title and provides
in advance for the extension of the railroads
and the railroad grants through the Indian
country.
I intend, before the bill is disposed of, to
move either that it be laid upon the table or
postponed until the next session ; but for the
present, with a view of testing the question
before the Senate whether, in the absence of
a treaty authorizing it, we shall contemplate
the extension of a railroad through the Indian
country and a grant of lands through that
country, T will move to strike out, and I close
my remarks by making the motion, the follow-
ing words, commencing in the tenth line of the
first section:
"With a view of its extension, so as to effect a
junction at Red river with a railroad now being
constructed from Galveston to Red river at or near
Preston.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the question now before tho
Senate is on the last amendment reported froha
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I shall offer
my amendment at the proper time.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 shall occupy the time
of tho Senate but a moment. I desire to reply
to what the Senator from Indiana has said, as
briefly as possible. I will commence by say-
ing that, so far as I am concerned, I have not
th e slightest interest in any of these three roads.
There are three of them in my State pointing
toward Galveston bay, and when they come
together, and it is so in every State of the Union
where roads come together, if there are any
grants at all they do conflict with each other
where they come together; but the company
that gets the first grantgets the laud, and then
if the other companies can build their roads
without lands, they are not prohibited from
doing so. That is all there is in that. This
bill takes away no grant from a previous com-
pany. It cannot, and does not propose to do it.
In tho next place, I desire to say that the
Senator from Indiana is entirely in error in
his statement to-day that the State of Kansas
has had such a largo amount of the public
lands. The road ho speaks of as having so
many million acres commences at Omaha, in
Nebraska, and goes up the Platte river to the
Pacific road, and not a foot of it is in the State
of Kansas. There are two branches of that
road in the State of Kansas. Those two
branches together may be two hundred and
fifty or three hundred miles long. Those two
branches do get the land that the Senator from
Indiana referred to; but not an acre of the
grant to the Pacific roa'd proper comes to the
State of Kansas at all. 1 will read, for the
benefit of the Senator from Indiana, and for the
sake of correcting him, precisely how the State
of Kansas does stand as compared with other
States in regard to land grants. The Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, in his last
Annual Report, on page 108, says that he has
estimated that " theic will be given to the State
of Kansas 2,000,000 acres: to the State of Min-
nesota 0,490,000 acres; to the State of Wiscon-
sin 4,K!0,000 acrcs"—twice as much as we
have; " to the State of Oregon4,796,000 acres"
—twice what we have got; '' and to the State of
Iowa0,751.000acres." The State of Kansas has
got 2,500,000 acres less than any other Statethaf
has got any at all in the western country. None
are put down to the old States, because they do
not get any. I think that is a sufficient answer
to the long argument which the Senator has
made twice over in the Senate on two succes-
sive days, that the State of Kansas has got a
large amount of public lands, when, in truth,
it has got about half what other western States
have got that have got any.
The next argument of the Senator is con-
fined entirely to the Indians. This bill does
not propose to give any Indian land to the
road. It only proposes to give the right of
way through the Indian couutry; and the Sen-
ator from Indiana says that is against t.'eaty
stipulations. Now, I wish to read a few words
from the treaty with the Seminoles. Tho
twentieth articlc of that treaty provides:
"The United States, or any incorporated company,
shall have the rightof way for railroad purposes and
for telegraph lines through the said Creek and Semi-
nole country."
