1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
ended lie can bring the House to a vote upon
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
according to usa°;e, whenever the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] notifies the Chair
irivately that he desires the floor to close de-
late upon this bill, he will be recognized by
the Chair. He can then call the previous ques-
tion, and if the House are ready for the vote
to be taken on the bill they will second the
demand for the previous question. _ If the
majority of the House desire to continue the
debate upon it, they have only to refuse to
second the call for the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The^ reason why
I desire to have some understanding when the
previous question will be called and the vote
taken upon the bill is in order that I may be
relieved from the constant applications on the
part of members to know when I intendto bring
this debate to a close. I presume that one half
the .members of this House have called upon
me to-day to know when I would close the
debate upon this bill.
And the reason why I desire to have this un-
derstanding is that several members have noti-
fied me that they expect to bo absent during a
part of next week, and they want to know when
the vote will be reached in order that they may
certainly be here. Those are the reasons why
I desire to fix the time for this vote to be taken.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not like to oppose
my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson',] but I will
make a suggestion to him as a reason why he
should not press his proposition upon the House.
I think it may very well be that before next
Thursday comes, or on that day, there may be
reasons which would make it desirable in the
estimation of the gentleman from Iowa, or some
other gentlemen, that this vote should be taken
on some other day rather than on that day, and
therefore even while I think it ordinarily would
not be worth while to fix any time for such a
vote, I think that now especially it would not
be worth while to do so. And while I dislike
to make objection, I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will not press his proposition. He can
call the previous question at any time when-
ever he pleases.
Mr. STEVENS. As it is now about the
usual hour of adjournment I desire to submit
to the House a proposition to take a recess until
half past seven o'clock to-night for business.
It is impossible to get along with the appropri-
ation bills at this rate, and the. business of the
Departments is very much affected for want of
the necessary appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
yexs j will prevail, and that we will have an
evening session. The loan bill is pending, and
before it can be properly considered and ma-
tured it may be necessary for the House to act
upon some other matters and send them to the
Senate for their action.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
will not commencc this thing of night sessions
on Friday night, for it is an unlucky night.
[Laughter.] I think wo had better wait till
next week before we commence night sessions
for business.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent, under the resolution of the House, which
is suspended until further order, to have anight
session for the purpose of business. But a mere
majority may order a night session for pur-
poses of debate only.
Mr. SPALDING-. Then I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that gentlemen will
be prepared for night sessions next week until
we get through some of the pressing business
before us. And I now give notice that I shall
move for night sessions next week for that
purpose.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] whether
he proposes to leave this bill in a condition
which will allow it to be discussed in the mean
time. There are several gentlemen who desire
to speak, as they would prefer to speak upon
this bill rather than upon any other. If the
gentleman will consent to leave it so situated
that it can be debated in the mean time, it will
tend very much to prepare the House to take '
the vote at the time he suggests.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I know of no way
in which that can be accomplished, unless to-
morrow should be occupied by gentlemen who
wish to speak on this bill. It is for the purpose
of economizing the time of the House, and in
order to permit the Committee on Appropria-
tions to go on with their business, that I pro-
pose the postponement of this bill until next
Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he is informed of two gentlemen who wish to
speak to-morrow on general subjects in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Chair will cheer-
fully remain here to-morrow till as late an
hour as any gentleman may desire, in order
that speeches may be made on this subject or
any other.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will give notice
that, if this proposition be agreed to, I intend
to allow Thursday afternoon for discussion,
reserving to myself sufficient time to close the
discussion after the demand for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
asks that, by unanimous consent, this bill may
be postponed, to be taken up positively on
Thursday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. If the House passesaway
from the consideration of the bill, without
fixing a time when its consideration shall be
resumed, it will take its place behind the loan
bill and the bankrupt bill, which are both
special orders after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. 1 hope that
my colleague [Mr. Harding] will consent to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I should like,
to hear some good reason for doing so.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. Reasons
which appear to me very satisfactory have al-
ready been given by the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. _ I trust that the
House will allow full opportunity for debating
this bill cither in the House or in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That mat-
ter is left entirely open by the arrangement
suggested.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose, so far as I am concerned, to yield the
entire control of legislation to one or two men.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league will understand that the arrangement
suggested has nothing to do with closing the
debate; it simply proposes to leave the bill
where it can be reached for the purpose of
debate. That is all,
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire, Mr.
Speaker, what is the proposition to which the
gentleman from Illinois objected?
The SPEAKER. He objects to an order
of the House that this bill be taken up on
Thursday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I thmk the gentleman is
right in that objection.
Mr. HARDiNG, of Illinois. I object to
fixing any particular day when we sliall be
compelled to take up this bill and vote upon
it 011 the suggestion of the gentleman from
Iowa, whether we want to do\so or not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Haisdixg] to
object to a postponement. I know of no other
method of proceeeding, then, than to let the
consideration of the bill go on. I have made
my proposition in order that the committees
of the House might be accommodated and the_
pressing business of the country promoted. If
gentlemen object, I know of no other course
for me to pursue than to permit the bill to pro-
ceed under the rules of the House ; and that I
must do.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state another course
that the gentleman can adopt: he can call the
previous question, and have the bill passed.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. That would not
be fair to gentlemen who have left the ITounc
under the impression that, no vote would he
taken to-day. , - -
Mr. STEVENS. Then adjourn, and lettl e
bill go over till Monday.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be now demanded and seconded, and the House
then adjourns, the bill will go over and come
up as the first business in order after the mOrft-
ing hour on Monday; but then the only lime
remaining for debate will be the hoar to wliiclj
the gentleman from Iowa will bo entitled^
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentlemat|
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bsoomall] is holding
the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot yield.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania desires to be heard on the bill;
and 1 will state further that I have two or three
amendments which I propose to offer.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will propose his amendments to-night,
and lot us know what tliey are. It seems to
be nonsense to debate a bill for three or four
days, and then move a substitute and call the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If we ad-
journ now, and tlig bill goes over until Mon-
day, cannot the gentleman from Iowa move to
suspend the rules so as to postpone it until the
following Thursday ?
The SPEAKER. He can.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
motion to recommit.
1 move to amend the third section by in-
serting in the twelfth line, after the word
"persons," the words "for any cause what-
soever;" so that the section will then read,
as amended :
Sec. 3. Andhr it further enacted, That the district
coiuts of the United Stales, within their rcspectivo
dHtucts. shall have, exclusively of tlio courts of tile
soYcial States, cognizance of all ciimcs and offenses
commuted against the provisions of this act, and also,
concurrently with the circuit courts of the United
States, of all causes, civil and criminal, affecting per-
sons who are denied or cannot enforcc in the courts or
judicial tribunals, of the State or locality where they
may be any of the rights secured to them by the first
hectioi) of this act; and if any suit or prosecution, civil
or criminal, ha« been or shall bo commenced ill any
State couit against any such person for any cause
whatsoever, &c.
I demand the previous question on that
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, andthe
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HALE. I suggest the objection made
by the gentlemen from Illinois was under a,
misapprehension of what was to be the under-
standing of the House. If I tinderstand him
correctly now, I think the original proposition
of the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary can be carried out?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw my
objection to the bill being postponed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the consideration of this bill, it will be under-
stood, shall beresumed on Thursday next aftei
the morning hour.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to add to
the fourth section the following:
And said commissioners arc hereby authorized and
required to exercise and discharge ail the powers and
duties confcircd upon them by this act, and tbcjiamo
duties with regard to offenses created by this act that
they are authorized by law to exercise with reference
to otlenses against the laws of the united bUtcs.
I propose to follow that by moving to strike
out the fifth section, so the commissioners will
exercise such powers as are provided by the
judiciary act of 1789, and the amendment of
184~ ^ ,
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to strike
out the following:
Sec 5 Awdbe it further enacted. That said commis-
sioners shall hare concurrent jurisdiction with the
judges of the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and the judges of the superior courts of tha
Territories, severally and collectively, in term time
and vacation, upon satisfactory proof being in ade, to
issuo warrants and procepts for arresting and bring"
