THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
ers similar to, those now conferred upon tlie
superintendent in New York. Contracts are
to be made, and a wholesale business of im-
porting labor lander the authority of the Uni-
ted States and under contracts sanctioned by
"•*- these persons is to be carried on.
The committee having condemned the gen-
eral principle, of course condemned it in de-
tail, and having settled that they would not
recommend the general principle they rejected
the details, and they would have rejected the
bill, perhaps, if for nothing but the expense. I
will state the items of expense which illustrate,
perhaps in some measure, what the tendency
of this thing is and where it would go natur-
ally and where it would land if the Govern-
ment of the United States was once committed
to it. It is now in its incipient stages, but the
increased expense proposed by this Depart-
ment by the increase of the several agencies
in these cities is $72,600, which the Govern-
ment of the United States are expected to pay
to aid in the importation of this foreign labor.
By this bill the machinery is enlarged so that
the increased expense will be $72,600. I make
no great account of that item of expense, but
advert to it as showing how this thing grows
upon us. In 1864 we authorized a Commis-
sioner of Immigration to reside here with a su-
perintendent at New York. It was said to be
an indifferent affair, and from that time down
to the present we have cooperated with a pri-
vate corporation in the State of New York,
making contracts, and now it comes before us
in this*shape. The committee to whom it was
referred having given the fullest consideration
to the subject, became satisfied that the whole
scheme was not in harmony with the principles
of this Government, that it would not be at-
tended with beneficial results, and that not
only the Horse bill, which is an amendment to
the act of 1SS4, ought not to pass, but that the
whole system ought, to be repudiated. They
therefore recommended that the bill should
not pass, and provided for a repeal of the act
of 1864 -
Mr. JOHNSON^"? The question before the
Senate is whether the bill as proposed to be
amended should be indefinitely postponed;
and in what I am about to say—-I shall occupy
the Senate but for a few moments—it is not
my purpose to inquire into the proposed amend-
ments which the House bill suggests to the
original act of 1864, but merely to say a few
words as to the nature and legality of the act
of 1864.
I suppose my friend from Maine and the
Committee on Commerce will hardly doubt
that Congress had the power to pass the act
of 1864. Under the authority to regulate com-
merce there can be no doubt that they could
regulate the transportation of passengers, and
under the same authority they could authorize
the ^migration of those who were unable to
pay their own passage money. The country
m 1864 was or was supposed to be very much
in need of labor. There was a great deal of
hard work to be done on railroads and canals;
and more of that work perhaps is in prospect
nowthan there was then. The country is about
to be, if it is not actually, reinstated in its origi-
naHntegrity, and all those improvements must
be increased.
Now, the act of 1864 does nothing more than
this: it says to the man in Europe who wishes
to come to the United States but who has not
the means of coming of his own, or who is una-
ble to procure there the means of coming, that
he may come in an American ship for such sum
as maybe agreed upon, and that his agreement
to pay the amount of that passage money shall
be a personal obligation to be paid within
twelve months, and shall be a lien at all times
upon any real estate which he may acquire, so
as to constitute it in the nature of a mortgage
upon any real estate which he may acquire in
his hands to return to the party who advances
the money the amount of the advance.
That is the principal provision of the act of
1864. Theremainder of that act is, in my judg-
ment, just as advantageous. When the immi-
grant arrived at one of our large cities, and
particularly New York, before the act of 1864
was passed, he was taken possession of by those
who thought they could make money out of
him, either fraudulently or otherwise; he was
deceived and deluded. His purpose was to get
to one portion of our country in the West or
Southwest or South, but he often found that
the tickets which were placed in his hands car-
ried him to a very different locality; and the
object of one provision of the act was to make
it the duty of the Commissioner of Immigra-
tion to see that means were afforded to him of
being transported where he wished to go. That
is for his protection. There is no slavery about
it except the slavery that exists in the case of
any man who gets in debt for any sum, and
whose debts by the law of the place where he
may be are made an incumbrance upon any
real estate that he may have.
It seems to me, therefore, with due submis-
sion to my friend from Maine and to the com
mittee, that the act of 1864 is a very good law;
and as far as I am advised, I never heard any
complaint from any quarter Vf the operation
of that act, nor is there anything in this bill as
it comes from the House which shows that there
is any ground for complaint. The object of
the bill is to enlarge the provisions of the origi-
nal act of 1864. Now, whether that enlarge-
ment would or would not be beneficial is a
question which I do not propose to discuss, for
I have not examined the bill; but I agree with
my friend from New York [Mr. Morgax] that
the original act of 1864 is a very wise act, very
beneficial to the country, and especially to the
new States, where labor is wanted, and that the
proposition of the committee to repeal the act
of 1864 ought of course to be rejected. I shall
therefore vote for the motion made by that
honorable member that the subject be indefi-
nitely postponed. ••:
Mr. MORGAN. - Mr. President, it has been
the policy of this country for many years to
encourage immigration. I think it is the policy
of the country still. I think it is for the in-
terest of the country to encourage immigration.
Governor Marcy when he was Secretary of State
sent an agent to Europe, at a very large ex-
pense, who was gone nearly a year, on this
particular business of encouragingimmigration
by giving information to persons desiring to
come to this country. I think we need the
labor, as has been said by the Senator from
Maryland; these immigrants dig our canals,
they help us in agriculture, they especially help
the "West, and we confer a great benefit and
blessing on the men, women, and children that
we bring to this country.
In view of all this, Congress"in 1864 passed
the law for the encouragement of immigration.
Its operation has not been very expensive. I
do not undertake to say that that law is correct
in all its details; but some such law is very
necessary. When this amended hill came
from the other House the committee would
not really entertain it for a single moment.
The Senator from Maine, I think, will admit
that the Committee on Commerce did not
intend to pass the bill that came from the
House increasing the powers of the Commis-
sioner, on which he has commented; but they
never, as far as I understood, entertained the
idea of repealing the law of 1864. Although
I am a member of that committee I never heard
the proposition suggested ; but on one occasion
being absent I heard that a bill was brought in
for its repeal. I need not say that I was greatly
surprised at that result, because I had heard no
complaint of that act either here or in the coun-
try. By that act there was a bureau estab-
lished here, with an agent at New York.
What are the duties of that agent? They are
simply to direct the immigrant when he arrives
as to the best lines of communication for him
to take to find his abode in the western States.
It is not a money-making affair. It is to keep
him from being defrauded by railroad agents,
shop-keepers, and others who might gej hold
of him, and I think it is a very proper duty for
that officer to perform.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to say on such
a bill as this that a law of so much importance
should be repealed. It has had no considera-
tion.
I am quite willing, however, to let the mat-
ter go over until to-morrow if that is deemed
better than an indefinite postponement, and I
will modify my motion by moving simply that
the bill be postponed until to morrow, so that
the other bills which the Committee on Com-
merce desire to pass to-night may be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot.) The motion of the Senator from New
York is that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until to-morrow!
Mr. HOWE. I think that the amendment
reported by the committee ought to be adopted,
and that the bill so amended ought to pass. I
really think the act of 1864 has stood upon the
statute-book too long. That act, if I do .not
misunderstand it, has a very different signifi-
cance from that attributed to it by the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.] I do not un-
derstand it to be the whole scope or the main
scope of that act to make these contracts en-
tered iilto in different countries of Europe or
elsewhere a lien on the land which the immi-
grant may acquire in this country. I under-
stand it to be the main effect of these contracts
to create a mortgage on the man himself.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, no. It only says the
contract shall be a lawful one. It is no more
a mortgage on the man than is any debt you
or I owe a mortgage on us.
Mr. MORRILL. It saysit shallbe enforced.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course, enforced like
any other contract. Enforced how ? By suit.
Mr. HOWE. The act is before me. It s
"All contracts that shall be made by emigrants to
the United States in foreign countries in conformity
to regulations that may be established by the said
Commissioner, whereby emigrants shall pledge the
wages of their laborfor a term not exceeding twelve
months to repay the expenses of their emigration,
shall be held to be valid in law."
If in any country in the world one seeking
to emigrate to the United States has not the
means to pay his passage over, shall pledge his
labor for a term not exceeding twelve months,
I do understand it to be the purpose of the sec-
ond section of the act of 1864 to declare that
a valid contract, and to authorize our courts to
enforce it specifically against the immigrant.
If that is not a mortgage of the man, so far,
I should like to know what it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. It gives to whoever may
be entitled to the benefit of the contract the
right to receive his wages; that is all—a pledge
upon his wages, not upon the man.
Mr. HOWE. And authorizes the courts to
enforce that pledge.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. There is only one way of
enforcing it, and that is specifically against
the man.
Mr. JOHNSON. To make him labor?
Mr. HOWE. Yes; make him labor. It
means that or it means nothing. I am just as
much in favor of encouraging immigration as
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Morgan,]
but it is only one kind of immigration that I
want. All men throughout the world who have
the means to pay for coming here are at liberty
to come, good, bad, or indifferent. I would
rather only the good men would come and the
bad and indifferent men would stay at home;
but the purpose rff this act is to enable con-
tracts to be made with those who cannot pay
their passage, and to make it safe for those en-
gaged in the business of importation to advance
the money necessary to pay their passage over
here, and to give them a lien on the labor of
the man himself to repay the sum loataed. Now,
I say, for one, I do not want men imported into
this country who have not integrity enough and
character enough to stand security for the money
advanced to bring them over. It is not for the
benefit of this country, it does not subserve any
interest of it, to import that kind of labor.
But now look at the act of 1864 and see what
it is worth. It creates a Commissioner of Im-
migration, with thres clerks of such grade as
