2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
not get promotion. He urged that we must
provide for two additional colonels and one
lieutenant colonel; otherwise there would not
be the promotion which he desired; and he
accompanied this suggestion with the very per-
suasive remark to me that his proposition would
also promote a friend of mine from my own
State, in the Adjutant General's Office, Mr.
Vincent, an officer well deserving promotion.
But I preferred to adhere to what I thought
right for the bill and for the country, not yield-
ing to my personal predilections. The House,
however, was more liberal, and concluded to
make a couple of colonels and a lieutenant
colonel that had never been asked for by any-
body prior to the proposition of the gentleman
from Maine. And so the matter now stands.
I desire that no more such mistakes shall be
made; and none shall be, if I can prevent it.
Now, sir, the committee, in examining with
reference to the quartermaster's department
and other bureaus, have become satisfied that
there is a tendency to concentrate too great a
force of officers in all the different staff depart-
ments. and that this abuse ought to be stopped.
They have therefore proposed that as vacan-
cies occur the number of quartermasters in
two of the lower grades shall be reduced by
not filling the vacancies until the number of
those officers comes down to a point which
the committee are satisfied will furnish a suf-
ficient number of officers of this department to
take charge of all the different posts, to supply
all the troops, and to take care of matters here
at the center.
Mr. Speaker, there is something to be learned
upon this subject by comparing different de-
partments of the Government; and I mean to
do it here this morning with a view to showing
the extent to which this evil has grown in the
War Department. I have long been aware
that in the Navy Department, where there is
not the temptation ior officers to seek to be
brought here because of commutation of quar-
ters, commutation of fuel, and other little
advantages which pertain to the position of an
Army officer here, everything has been eon-
ducted upon 2 very much more economical
scale, by calling a very much smaller number
of officers into the different bureaus here. But
I was not prepared to find so great an inequal-
ity as is shown by an investigation which I
made on Saturday last.
Leaving out the steam engineering depart-
ment, where fifteen men are necessarily em-
ployed professionally in drafting plans relating
to the construction of steam engines, and
coming to the bureaus proper in that Depart-
ment, I find that the Bureau of Medicine is
managed by four officers only ; the Bureau of
Provisions by fo'ir; the Ordranee Bureau by
one, its chief; the Bureau of Navigation and
Detail by six ; the Bureau of Equipment, the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, and the Bureau
of Construction by one each, their respective
chiefs. Thus eighteen officers only take charge
of seven bureaus in the Navy Department.
Now, there is not a single bureau in the War
Department that has not twice as many officers
to look after it.
Why do they come here? I admit the chief
of each bureau ought to be a professional
military man; I admit the heads of divisions
might properly be: but I contend it is not
necessary to have a lieutenant colonel, so far
as absolute rank is concerned, a brevet major
general, employed to keep the records in any
one of these offices simply as a clerk, and yet
I say that is done. J say all through these
departments—in the Adjutant General's de-
partment to a certain extent, still more in the
quartermaster's department, and still more,
perhaps, in the other departments—men are
employed, receiving commutation of quarters,
commutation of fuel, professional men, men
who have been educated for the most part at
lour years' expense at West Point in engineer-
ing. gunnery, and military tactics, acting as
i lei'k.s.
I want to know whether the committee will
be sustained in bringing down these contract
bureaus to such a point as will be sufficient to
supply each staff department all the officers
needed so as to send some of them out into
the field with troops and to posts, diminishing
the number there and supplying, if need be,
intelligent clerks at less expense and without
military education for that purpose. The com-
mittee came to this conclusion, and they made
it a feature of their bill. I niove the same
feature to the. substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] in or-
der, if his substitute prevail, as I hope it will
not, it shall not prevail without having this
appended to it providing for a diminution of
unnecessary number of officers employed in
the staff departments.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania desires to
make some reply in explanation of what was
said by the gentleman from New York, and I
yield for that purpose.
Mr. THAYER. I prefer to wait until the
gentleman has finished what he has to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield the floor, then,
altogether.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I will, in the
first place, clear up the matter referred to by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxk-
i.ixg. 1 The House will remember that when
I proposed as a substitute for the section of
the bill now under consideration the corre-
sponding section of the Senate bill No. 138,
relating to the Adjutant General's department,
a suggestion was made by a member of the
Military Committee, thegentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] to modify the substitute which
I had offered. The effect of that modification
was to increase the rank of three of the offi-
cers in the Adjutant General's department.
It did not occur to me on the instant, (although
if there had been opportunity for reflection it
would probably have occurred to me) that the
effect of the modification proposed was to
increase not only the rank but the pay of those
officers also. The modification having been
offered by a member of the Military Commit-
tee I was induced to accept it. I was led to
suppose by its proceeding from that source that
it was a modification favored by that commit-
tee, and it did not strike me as particularly
objectionable. Subsequently, when my col-
league [Mr. Stevens] pointed out the fact to
the House that it would increase the expenses
of the Government, and when it was too late
for me to get rid of the modification, I dis-
tinctly informed the House of the then existing
position of the question.
I told the House at that time that if I had
been aware that the effect of the modification
proposed by the gentleman from Mains [Mr.
Blatne] was to add to the expenses of the
Government! would not have accepted it; and
I gave the House notice that if they chose to
vote down the modified substitute then pending
I would immediately offer my original substi-
tute without the modification. The substitute
went to the House in that shape with full notice
of the existing state of the question, and the
substitute as modified by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] was adopted by the
House.
I have alluded to this because I do not wish
it to be understood that if there was any mis-
apprehension on the part of the House in the
vote which was cast upon that occasion, the
blame of it can in any measure be laid at my
door.
I desire now to say a few words upon the
question now before the House, i am well
aware, sir, that the proposition contained in
Senate bill No. 138, with regard to the organi-
zation of.the quartermaster's department, is
not the precise proposition which was indorsed
and approved by the distinguished generals who
were consulted upon these questions. I refer
to Lieutenant General Gi'ant and to Generals
Sherman, Thomas, and Meade. What they did
approve was the organization of the Army as
proposed in Senate bill No. 67, known as Mr.
Wilson's bill, for which Senate bill No. 138
was offered as a substitute, and was finally
adopted by that body.
What I wish to call the attention of the House
to is the fact that the organization of the quar-
termaster's department, which was approved
by the distinguished generals referred to, was
the organization contemplated in Senate bill
No. 67.
Now, I have prepared a comparative state-
ment showing the organization of this depart-
ment of the Army at the present time, wh at it
would be under Senate bill No. 67, approved
by the generals of the Army who had this mat-
ter under consideration, whatitwould be under
Senate bill No. 138 which passed the Senate,
and what it is proposed to be under the House
bill now under consideration. It is as follows:
> £>
e
a
*o
c-t-
p
P
O
cO
ps
<©
©
§
<© <o
G> <0
P a
W >  .O
o
o
p
£> £> e .O
cO
o
o
3
zn
©
&
53
S A.
^5
At the present time the number of quarter-
masters is sixty-five, including the Quartermas-
ter General and all the members of his staff.
Under Senate bill No. 67, the total number of
the staff would be eighty-seven. That was the
bill approved by Generals Grant, Meade, Sher-
man, and Thomas. Under Senate bill No. 138,
