1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
for the reason that the committee were unani-
mously a£ opinion that'the rule reported does
not in any respect affect any relations existing
between the House and the. proprietors of the
Globe. It asserts simply the privilege of the
House. It is impossible that the House can
have given to any persons outside, and who are
wholly irresponsible to it, the right to send per-
sons into this House without its consent, who
are authorized to report its proceedings which
go to the country as official. It cannot be that
this House would do that; and it is certainly
impossible that any previous House can have
done it in such a manner as to bind this House.
The questions to which the gentleman refers
are certainly proper and important, but they
can be brought up and disposed of bv the House
without touching in any respect whatever the
resolution now before the House ; and I should
be glad to give not only serious attention, but
the utmost favor, to any proposition he may
make upon this subject. But this resolution
docs not refer to that; it relates simply to the
privilege of the House over the reporters of its
official proceedings, and declares that those
who are here for that purpose cannot be here
without the consent of the House.
Mr. HALE. Let me beg the indulgence of
the gentleman from Massachusetts for one mo-
ment further, to submit this proposition simply,
not by way of debating the question, but simply
to show that this is a question which ought to
be debated here.
As T understand this resolution, for the pur-
pose of appointments and removals, it dates back
to the 4th day or .March last. Now, I under-
stand that it is claimed—and I am not speak
itig of claims here; T do not assume to know
the facts—i understand that it is claimed here
that the proprietors of the Globe are contractors
with this House for the publishing of their de-
bates. I understand that it is claimed by the
proprietors of the Globe that they employ the
reporters of this House in pursuance of that
contract: that they have the same right in re-
gard to their appointment, and in regard to
their removal, that every other contractor or
employer has.
Now, if this be so, and if this resolution is to
remove from these employers the privilege of
employing whom they choose, so long as they
pay them and peifoiin their contract with this
House, it certainly wems to me that it must
commend itself to the intelligence of every mem-
ber of the House that these employers, whose
rights in relation to this House, and in relation
to their employes, are to bo affected by the res-
olution, shall somewhere have a hearing before
their rights are determined.
T do sincerely hope that this question will
not be pressed this morning under the previous
question, but that a question of such grave im-
portance and principle, however trifling it may
be in practice, or in its effect upon the parties
immediately in interest, may not be pressed
under the previous question, but sot down for
a certain day, and opportunity be had for a
free discussion of the measure. It seems to mo
that this is due to the sense of justice, which
ought to belong, and does belong, I have
no doubt, to every member of the House. I
therefore renew the appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts not to press this resolution
under the previous question, but to give an op-
portunity for fair examination and debate.
Mr. BANKS. If i thought that this resolu-
tion involved in any degree the matters referred
to by the gentleman from New York, I should
waive the previous question j but I am confident
that it does not.
In the first place there is no such contract
as that to which the gentleman refers. All the
votes by the House of Representatives and by
Congress in relation to the publication of pro-
ceedings are votes of appropriation, connecting
certain conditions with the appropriations. The
proprietor? of the Globe receive those appro-
priations by compliance with the conditions.
That is all the contract there is. The contract
is for each session. Each Congress makes an
appropriation for the payment of the publication
of its proceedings, and attaches certain condi-
tions to "those appropriations. That gives no
right whatever to the proprietors of the Globe
to say who shall or shall not report the pro-
ceedings of the House independent of the wish
or will of the House. Such a waiving of the
privileges of the House can hardly be contem-
plated or defended.
There is a provision in some of the appropri-
ations that the order of the House which justi-
fies the Clerk in purchasing copies of the Globe
for new members, and which arranges the price
paid per column and some details of that kind,
may bo abrogated by Congress, or by the. propri-
etors of the Ulobe, by giving two years' notice.
This measure does not affect any of those pro-
visions ; but if the gentleman proposes at any
time to bring up the subject of reporting and
publishing the debates, no one will be more
willing to give to the proprietors of the Globe
the most liberal consideration than myself; and
I believe that that subject is worthy of the most
serious consideration of the House.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts one question. Is not the
effect of the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Rules to remove from the proprietors
of the Globe any right of the appointment or
removal of the reporters, and to make this
House the sole power to appoint or remove ?
Mr. BANKS. Not at all; not in the slight-
est degree. It docs not interfere with the ap-
pointment or removal of reporters by the pro-
prietors of the Globe, except that it calls for
the consent of the Speaker to their action in
that matter.
Mr. HALE. Then I misapprehended it so
far.
Mr. BANKS. It does not and is not in-
tended to take from the proprietors of the Globe
the power of appointment or removal that ex-
ists, but it requires the assent of the Speaker
to their action in this regard ; and certainly
gentlemen will not claim that outside parties
who are engaged in printing a newspaper, and
are wholly irresponsible to the Government,
should have a right to send gentlemen in here
to report our proceedings without the consent
of the House or without the consent of any of
its officers.
And let me say in relation to the question
raised as to the discharge of reporters here-
tofore, that the committee has not taken that
subject into consideration at all. It has made
no question whatever as to the relations of the
reporters to the proprietors of the Globe. It
asserts the privileges of the House in the most
naked form, and dcelares that the persons who
come in here to report our proceedings, which re-
ports are regarded as official proceedings, and
are published and received as official proceed-
ings, should be for that purpose considered as
ofliccrs of the House, and that their appoint-
ment and removal should be subject to the con-
sent of the Speaker. If it touched any other
question, or any other relation, I would yield
to the request of the gentleman. But unless
some other proposition is to be made, I shall ask
the House to sustain my call for the previous
question.
Mr. MORRILL. 'Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BANKS. I will do so.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. BaxksJ will not press this
subject to an immediate decision. It is one of
those questions that, ought to bc.examined. and
upon which the,other side have clearly a right
to be heard before final action is taken upon it.
Now, so far as the proprietors of the Globe are
concerned, it is rather my conviction that they
have not done justice by some of the reporters j
whom they have discharged. But I think it
would be small business for us to interfere and
undertake to revise their decisions and conclu-
sions between themselves and their employes.
So far as the.-e reporters are concerned, I
believe that the Ilouse has been, from the start,
almost uniformly satisfied with their work. They
have been intell lgent, diligent, and faithful work-
men. But wo require, on the part of the pro-
prietors of the Globe, a certain amount of
work, and to be done in a certain style. Now,
if we are to hold these publishers responsible
for their work, clearly they ought to have the
right of employing whom they may please. And
for the Hbuse to interfere,. and say -that -they
-shall not employ any one unless they shall first
receive the approval of the Speaker would cer-
tainly be an interference with their rights.
I do not know anything especially as regards
the merits of the present case. But I have*
been informed, since the debate has sprung up
here, by one of the publishers of the Globe,'
that he has not been consulted in relation to
this matter; that he knew nothing at all about
what was to be reported from the committee ;
that they have not been examined before the
committee, although they tendered their ser-
vices to the committee for an examination,
which was cither declined or refused. Under
the circumstances, I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will not press this
matter for immediate decision. If he should
do so, I shall be constrained to ask for a divis-
ion of the resolution, and a separate vote upon
the last portion of it.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed with an amendment House
bill No. 4, for the'relief of Mrs. Mary Lincoln,
widow of the late President of the United States,
in which amendment he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
HOUSE REPORTERS AGAIN.
•Mr. BANKS. Neither the proprietors of
the Globe were consulted, nor the reporters,
nor any parties who might be supposed to have
private interests involved in this matter, be-
cause it was regarded by the committee unani-
mously that it did not involve the private inter-
ests of any party; that it asserted simply the
privileges of the Ilouse ; and I beg leave to say
to the gentleman i'rom Vermont [ilr. Morrill]
that it seems to me to be impossible that the
House can have conferred upon any outside
party, under any supposed contract, the right to
send parties in here to report our proceedings,
which reports are to be published and will be
received as official, without the consent of the
Speaker of the Ilouse. That is all this reso-
lution proposes to accomplish. If it involved
more, then it might be considered proper to
bestow more time upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentle-
man this question : does not the resolution now
under consideration propose to take effect from
March last past?
Mr. BANKS. Itdoes; because during March
last past the last Congress closed, and the pres-
ent Congress commenced.
Mr. MORRILL. And there have been re-"
movals since that time, and therefore those
removals would come under the operation of
this resolution.-
Mr. BAN KS. That I do not know. I say
explicitly to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] and to the House, that no consider-
ation has been given by the committee to the
interest of any private parties.
Mr. HALE. I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to claim that
there is no existing contract between Congress
and the proprietors of the Globe.
Mr. BANKS. I do not say that.
Mr. HALE. I understand that there is a con-
tract, and that a bond has been filed by Mr.
Rives for his faithful performance of that con-
tract. Now, T beg leave to suggest to the gen-
tleman whether the fact that this case has
required the address, ingenuity, and ability
which have been shown here, to convince the
House of the propriety of the proposed rule, is
not in itself convincing proof that this resolu-
tion should not be passed without full and free
discussion? I know nothing of the Globe or
its proprietors, except that I appreciate heartily
their motto that '"the world is governed too
much.''
Mr. BANKS. I do not insist that there is no
