1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
tell us the work is done; nay more, that when
the conflict of arms ceased that people who
had hurled war upon the land were and are
to-day entitled to all the rights the same as if
tliey had for four years moved on in the smooth
path of obedience to law. If this be true, then
why taik of reconstruction? We are told again j
by this same party and these same men that
we have no need of constitutional amendments,
and he who proposes them and the party which
advocates them are denounced as men who
seek to desti oy the Government of our fathers.
Now, sir, how docs the mtion find herself
to-day? A great war has swept over the land, a
war set on foot and carricd on by an armed con-
spiracy for the avowed purpose of destroying the
Union of the States £.f.uuiod to us by the blood
of our fathers. This war against the Union,
against the Constitution, against freedom, and
in the interest of slavery, having failed i.i its
purpose, and the armed power of the conspira-
tors having been crushed, at the end of the
great struggle it appears most fit and proper
to examine the framework of our Government,
see if any of its parts have been shaken, if any
have been broken in by the storm, to take them
out, put new ones in their places, remove the
rotten planks and put in new bulwarks against
which the storm-cloud of treason in future may
dash its winds in vain. Even while the war
raged the great loyal heart of the nation when
it discovered the rotten plank tore it out of the
ship of state and cast it forth into the sea of
oblivion. Like a skillful physician we went
right at the root of the disease, tore it from the
side of the patient who had groaned under its
smart for almost a century, and cast it out for-
ever. Yes, forever! for freedom's voice has
recorded the verdict, "Thccuroeof slavery shall
never blight this fair land again/' One great
work has been accomplished even during the
struggle with arms. At the end, what do we
need.' We need to reconstruct the Govern-
ment. Not that it has been destroyed, but to
adapt it to our changed condition, and to secure
to the people the rule of that Government they
risked their all to save.
I care not to argue the question or discuss the
theory as to whether the States lately in rebel-
lion are dead or living States; this is not mate-
rial to my purpose nor to the proposition which
I submit. This much 1 will only say. That so
far as the rebellion could, it destroyed their State
governments, and certainly while it held con-
trol over the eleven seceded States claimed
by the now defunct confederacy they had no
State governments which the Constitution of
the United States and the power which admin-
istered it recognized as legal. Men may cry out
until the end of lime, " Once a State always a
State," but that cry will prove nothing, and
cannot conceal the fact that their legal gov-
ernments were overthrown. The structures
set up for them by the Constitution and laws
of the United States were thrown down. Dis-
loyal ones and governments foreign to our laws
took their places. At the end of the war these
disloyal and foreign State organizations are
swept out of existence. New governments
must be given the people of these States. Jn
the absence of Congress the executive head of
the nation begins the work. Has lie any power
given him under our laws to create a civil gov-
ernment for any State? Yet in all these States
he pulls down whom he wills and sots up whom
he desires. What provision of the Constitution
or what law of Congress authorizes him to ap-
point a provisional governor for a State ? What
power does he derive from our theory of civil
government to prescribe an oath for a voter and
make a franchise law for a State? By what
authority does he say to a Legislature of a'' sov-
ereign State,'' you must ratify certain constitu-
tional amendments before I can accept you as
being in your proper relations with the Union
over which I preside?. Upon what law does he
proceed to order a convention to remodel the
constitution of a State which never lost itspower
and say to that convention when assembled,
yeu must repudiate your war debt, you must
abolish slavery, before you can resume your
place in the Union again?
I make 110 war upon the President for these
acts. These are questions for his newly ac-
quired supporters to reconcile to themselves.
But I would scorn to accept the most costly
jewels of earth handed over into my hands by
one who had plucked them illegally and unlaw-
fully from the head which wore them. By the
law martial lie exercised these acts. For my-
self I found no fault with them at the time,
except that they perhaps fell short; but I do
coptend that all these acts are matters that the
representatives of the people, the national
Congress, has the right to pass upon, and that
it belongs to them to determine when and how
these States shall again resume their proper
relations in the Union.
Their structures, then, having been thrown
down, we must see that they arc set up again ;
and in doing this, oppression, wrong, injustice,
cruel laws, everything whiehstands in freedom's !
pathway, must, bo buried with the dead of the
conspiracy. The great, mad scheme of armed
treason having failed ; the death-stroke aimed
at the nation having been thrust back and in the
midst of war having cast out a great disturbing
element, we want protection such as will be a
a guarantee for the future; such guarantees as
will say to those who sought the nation's death,
you cannot seize the helm and guide the ship of
state again. We want, and the loyal people of
the land demand, such action here as will secure
to us in peace the triumph we have obtained by
war.
Daily almost we are told 011 this floor and all
over the country that the law which says 110
man who cannot take the oath commonly called
the ''test oath" is unconstitutional, that it is a
disgrace to a free people—ay, sir, it does dis-
grace traitors—that we had 110 authority to
pass it. and that we have no power under the
Constitution to enforce it; that red-handed
traitors, if they have taken an oath to support
the Constitution, have as much right to come
into this Capitol and legislate for the people as
the gallant soldier who bore the flag of his
country amid the smoke and thunder of battle,
and crushed out by war these men who sought
the life of the .Republic; that these betrayers of
their country have equal rights and are to
stand 111 luture side by side in equal honor and
esteem with the war-worn veterans of four long
: weary years of toil and battle to save the na-
tion from destruction. Go tell it to these men,
and they will hurl it back with such scorn as
will wither liini who dare assert it in their
presence. Go tell it to the survivors of the
twelve thousand heroes who in the low, fiat
marsh of Belle Isle, passed the terrible winter
of 1803 and 1804, and the ghosts of the starved
and freezing dead of that pen of misery wiU
confront you with the living heroes; and if
shame itself does not compel you to call back
the assertion, then you have not the heart of a
man. Go tell it to the twelve hundred, who in
the same winter looked out through the iron
bars of "old Libby's" gloomy walls, and in
sight of boxes piled up across the street, stored
for them by the loved ones at home with all the
necessaries of life, starved and sickened for
food, that the men who thus insulted them
j through those iron bars, taunted them and stole
i from them the bread for lack of which so many
died, are to be their lawgivers in future, and you
change humanity if you are not rebuked. Go
tell it in the homes, once happy and bright, of
the sixty thousand starved soldiers who died in
loathsome and foul prison-pens, that the men
who committed these terrible crimes against
them, against humanity and God, must make
laws for the widow and orphan of the dead,
and if your heart is not scared and cold as
death, you «ill see the ghosts of their lean and
wasted forms rise up before you and hear their
sepulchral voices crying, "Back, back, back!
Hide yourself along with the traitorwliosecause
you come to plead.''
If the present law which prevents these men
seizing the best places and all Federal offices
is unauthorized and,unconskitutional,then there *
is need that we make a constitutional provision-
itselfwhichwill say to them, "Having failed by
arms in your purpose to rule, you must be ruled
hereafter by the loyal men who defeated your
mad and wicked design." Let us make tite sub-
stance of this law a part of the Constitution
itself, and then the great triumph is secured to
the people, that those, and those only, \Vho'tlr&
•true to the nation, and who fight against treason,
shall have the reward given them to rule the
land, and by this prove that the hundreds of
thousands who have gone down to their graven
in the death-'gra.pple with treason ha,ve not died
in vain.
Again, treason by law is declared a crime.
The present head of the nation ha-s uitered the
sentiment over and over again in every position
| he has held during the war, from that of a pri-
i vate citizen even up to the very exalted position
I he now holds. Shall a crime go unpunished?
| Shall men guilty of this the greatest of all
' crimes against the State, and those who are its
guilty actors, go free? Shall they in future bo
regarded as on an equal footing with thosa
who for more than four long years perilled their
lives in defense of the liberties which these
men sought to destroy? Shall they be permit-
ted, simply upon taking an oath to the Consti-
tution of the United States, to come back into
those Halls, from which, when they took their
voluntary departure, they swore 111 their wrath
they never would return, to stand here again
and legislate for the widow and orphan of the
brave men whose lives were sacrificed by the
! insane attempt of these men to destroy all that
| is great and good 011 the continent of America?
1 Is this the punishment treason is to have meted
; out to it? is this what the President, of the
j United States meant when he declared that
| treason is a crime and must, be punished? Is
! this the meaning of his declaration of March 2,
1801, in the other end of this Capitol—
" Show mo who Iws been engaged in these conspir-
acies, who 1ms tired upon our flag, who has given in-
structions to take 0111 forts and custom-houses and
arsenals and dockyards, and 1 will show you n, trai-
tor. Were I President of tho United States I would
do as Thomas Jefferson did in ISOti with Aaron Burr.
I would have them arrosted, and if convicted within
the meaning and scope of the law, by the eternal God
I would cxeeute them."
Hear another declaration from the same voice
as late as April 20,1805. only six days after the
conspirators of treason had struck down by
assassination Abraham Lincoln:
" It is time the American people should bo taught
to understand that treason is a crime—not in revenge,
not in anger, but that tieason is a crime, and should
be esteemed as such and punished as such."
Again, sir, I make no attack upon the
President. I indorse every word in the two
quotations which I have read, and again I leave
it to the unhung rebels, the unpardoned trai-
tors, the anti-war party at the North, who make
up the great mass of the new supporters of the
President, to reconcile their seutiments with
the support they now extend.
In this connection 1 know I will be pardoned
for observing that an evening journal of this
city, which has kept these declarations at its
masthead in (laming capitals for many months,
has, since the extraordinary scene in this capi-
tal of the 22d of last month, struck them out
altogether. Are these declarations to be with-
drawn? Are we to lose sight of them? Sir,
I pray God the people will not forget them, but
that they will proclaim them with a voxce so
|j loud and deep that it will bring back the nation
:! to the sound, and thunder it into the ears of
jj power until they compel their fulfillment, at
;j least upon the chiefs of the conspiracy.
ii But let me quote once more, and let thepeo-
!: pie think over this language when they view
j! what has followed upon the close of the war.
'I On the 10th of June, 1804, atNasliulle, we find
j the President use this language. For lauguago
, similar to this, used by members upon this tloor,
! such members have been denounced by those
who now clamor for the President and his pol-
icy as traitors and disunionists:
"But, in calling a convention to restore tlic State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Shall the man
