1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2123
which passed that body, the number is eighty,
or seven officers less than the bill recommended
by those generals.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask upon what authority he states that
those generals recommended eighty-seven ?
Mr. THAYER. I state it on the authority
of a letter which I hold in my hand written by
the chairman of the Military Committee of the
Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I state 011 the authority
of the bill which I hold in my hand that it is
not so.
Mr. THAYER. Then the issue is between
the two chairmen, and I shall not undertake to
settle the difference between them.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir, the issue is be-
tween the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of the Senate, I insist, and his own
bill which [ hold in my hand.
Mr. THAYER. There is no issue between
the Senate bill No. 67. and the statement which
I have made. The statement in the letter
accords with Senate bill No. 07, which was Mr.
Wilson's bill, and (he gentleman is incorrect
in undertaking to deny that it is so. If there
is an issue between the gentleman from Ohio
and the chairman of the Military Committee
of the Senate, T have nothing to do with that.
1 shall not undertake to settle the differences
between the two committees of the respective
Houses any more than I shall undertake to
settle the differences which notoriously exist in
the gentleman's own committee. That is a
matter which I leave to him to adjust. I am
now engaged in pointing out to the House the
fact that in the Senate bill approved by the
major generals who had these subjects under
consideration, the number of officers proposed
for the quartermaster's staff was eighty-seven,
that in the bill now before the House the
number is seventy-six, and that in tli£ sub-
stitute for the section which I offered it is
seventy-seven. So that the House will per-
ceive that the number of officers embraced in
the Quartermaster General's staff by the bill
which passed the Senate, No. 188, and which is
the same as my substitute, excepting that in
the latter the three chicf assistant quartermas-
ters are omitted is seven fewer than was con-
tained in the Senate bill 67, which was ap-
proved by the generals who had this matter
under advisement.
Now, sir, from the remarks that were made
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs when this bill was last under considera-
tion, one might be led to suppose that the substi-
tute which I have offered for this section, which
is the Senate section with the alterations that I
have adverted to, provides for a larger and more
expensive staff than that which is recommended
by the Military Committee of this House. I
wish, by a very few figures, to point out the
total incorrectness of any such representation.
Now, it will be perceived by any gentleman
■who will take the trouble to analyze these two
bills—I mean Senate bill No. 188, which passed
that body, and the bill now before the House—
that although by the Senate bill, with the three
chief assistant quaitermasters left out, as in
my substitute, there is one moie quartermaster
in the department than is provided for in the
House bill, yet the expense of the number pro-
vided for is actually less, and I can demon-
strate it to the satisfaction of the House in a
very few moments.
The gentleman's bill provides a staff for this
department of six colonels, each of whom re-
ceive S^ll a month ; ten lieutenant colonels
who receive $187 apiece per month; fifteen
majors who receive $163 per month apiece;
and forty-four captains who are paid S120 50
apiece per month. The aggregate monthly
expenditure, therefore, of the gentleman's bill
for quartermasters (I leave out, of course, the
Quartermaster General in these calculations,
because he is in both bills,) will be §11)279
per month.
Now, if you take the substitute, you will
find that, instead of providing for six colonels,
it gives only four colonels ; that it gives, in-
stead of ten lieutenant colonels, only eight
lieutenant colonels; that it gives you instead
of fifteen majors, sixteen mfyors—one more
than is provided for in the House bill; and
that it gives you forty-eight captains instead
of forty-four captains.
The pay of the four colonels provided for by
the Senate bill at $211 per month amounts to
$844; the pay of eight lieutenant colonels at
$187 a month to $1,496; the pay of sixteen
majors at $163 a month to $2,608; and the
pay of forty-eight captains at $129 50 per
month to $6,216. The aggregate monthly
expense, therefore, of the officers called for
by the substitute I have offered amounts to
$11,164, being exactly $115 less per month
than the expense under the House bill, al-
though the substitute provides for one officer
more. The annual difference between the two
propositions is, therefore, $1,380 in favor of
the substitute which has in it one more quarter-
master than is provided for in the House bill.
Now, if there is any mistake about this, I
invite the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to this calculation,
and ask him to point out, if it is possible for
him to do so, wherein this calculation is erro-
neous. I state without any apprehension of
denial that the result is as I state it.
The gentleman made a great display on Fri-
day last in a comparison which he instituted
between my proposition and his own bill, and
he gave the impression to this House that the
former created a more numerous and expensive
organization than his own bill; instead of which,
in point of fact, it now appears by figures that
the former, although it provides for one more
quartermaster than the gentleman's bill, is
cheaper than his bill by $1,380 per annum.
So much for that. 1 think 1 have disposed of
the argument which lests upon the assertion
that the substitute proposes any expense on the
part, of the Government exceeding that con-
templated by the bill of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to inquire whether in
his estimate of the comparative cost of the
quartermaster's department, as provided in the
Senate bill and in the bill now reported by the
committee, he has allowed for the three brig-
adier generals in that department?
Mr. THAYER. No, sir.
Mr. PAINE. Well, he has spoken of the
bill which he has been comparing with the
House bill as the Senate bill. I ask him if
that bill docs not provide for three brigadier
generals.
Mr. THAYER. I will answer the gentle-
man. The bill as it passed the Senate did so
provide, as I have repeatedly said, but I hope
the gentleman will now understand that in the
substitute which 1 have offered, I struck out
the three chief assistant quartermasters, who
are brigadiers.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask whether he is not comparing the
section of the bill now before the House with
his own section rather than with the section
of the bill which passed the Senate?
Mr. THAYER. When I speak of the Sen-
ate provision upon this subject, I speak of the
substitute which I offered, and which is the
precise language of the Senate bill, with the
provision relating to the three chief assistant
quartermasters stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] is giving us his
calculations, will he tell us at what he puts the
pav of a colonel?
Mr. THAYER. At $211 a month.
Mr. SCITEXCK. What yearly paj and com-
pensation?
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman will observe
that I have made my comparison by the
monthly pay.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 undertake to say that
somebody has very greatly imposed upon the
gentleman. 1 say that every colonel on duty
here in the quartermaster's department re-
ceives $4,630 81 a year, including his forage
in kind, which is $417. Taking that out, and
it will leave him $4,213 81. And I say every
portion of the pay furnished to the gentleman,
and upon which he has based his calculations,
is utterly wrong.
Mr. THAYER. Does the gentleman mean
to deny that $211 per month is the pay allowed
by law to a colonel?
Mr. SCHENCK. What is called "pay
proper" is one thing; the actual pay and
allowances is another and quite a different
thing.
Mr. THAYER. The "pay proper" is what
I mean.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a small matter.
And a colonel on service in the quartermaster's
department gets more than a colonel of infantry
on duty elsewhere, for he draws pay as a colonel
of cavalry. He is allowed commutation for two
servants at thirty-two dollars a month or $384
a year; clothing for two servants, thirteen dol-
lars a month or $156 a year; subsistence for
three hundred and sixty-five days a't six rations
a day for himself, and two rations a day for ser-
vants, two thousand nine hundred and twenty
rations, or $876 a year. He is also allowed
forage in kind for two horses, which, at the
present estimate at the quartermaster's depart-
ment, will amount to $417 a year. And then
he is allowed as commutation for fuel $397 81
a year. And he is also allowed for quarters,
which in Washington is at the rate of eighteen
dollars a room per month, while elsewhere it
is nine dollars a roorft, except in New York
where it is twelve dollars, the sum of $1,080
a year, making in all $4,450 81 a year. Then
there is the difference between a colonel of
infantry and a colonel of cavalry, $180 ; mak-
ing the whole pay and allowances of a colonel
of cavalry m the quartermaster's department
$4,630 81. From this may be deducted for-
age, which is in kind, while all the rest is in
money, $417. And to be very exact about it,
that will give the amount of money paid to
a colonel in the quartermaster's department
as $4,213 81 a year. Now, I am stating some
things here which have not been furnished to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thay-
er] upon which to base his calculations.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman's furni-
ture is as good as mine he will have no reason
to complain of its quality.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mine is from the pay
department.
Mr. THAYER. I am much obliged to the
gentleman for the statement he has made, for
he has furnished me with an additional argu-
ment against his bill. He says that I have not
included in my calculations the allowances to
these officers; and he speaks of the large allow-
ances made to these colonels and lieutenant
colonels. Have I not told the House, and does
not the House perceive, that the gentleman's
bill provides for six colonels, while my substi-
tute proposes only four colonels? The gentle-
man's bill provides for ten lieutenant colonels,
while my substitute proposes only eight lieu-
tenant colonels.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will not
be so much obliged for the argument he says I
have furnished him if he will look at the lower
grades of majors and captains. The allow-
ances made to the lower grades are greater in
proportion to the pay proper than those made
to the upper grades.
As, for instance, a major of infantry gets
$864 for quarters, and $359 31 for fuel; being
thirty-eight dollars less than the allowance
to a colonel for fuel, and a little more than
one hundred dollars less for quarters. The
same thing is found to be true all the way down.
The lower you get as to grade the larger in
proportion to pay are the allowances. I am
speaking of that for which I have the figures.
A second lieutenent stationed at Washington
gets $2,088 41, some five or six hundred dol-
lars more than the amount received by a second
lieutenant in the field.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman shall suc-
ceed in convincing this House that a captain
gets more in the way of communion and allow-
