1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
who gare his influence and means to destroy the Gov-
ernment? Is ho to participate in Hie great work of
reorganization? Shall he who brought this misery
upon the State be permitted to control its destinies ?
It this be fo, then ail this precious blood of our brave
poldiers and otlieers, so freely poured out, will have
been wantonly spilled. All the glorious victories by
our noble armies will go for nans-lit. and all the battle-
flcldswhiel) have been sown with dead bcroesdurins}
this rebellion will have been made memorable in
vain. Why all this carnage and devastation? Xtwas
that treason might be put down and traitors punished.
Therefore I say that traitors should take a. back seatT
in the work ot restoration. If there bo but five thou-
sand men in Tennessee loyal to the Constitution,
ioval to freedom, loyal to justice, theso true and
faithful men should control the work of reorgani-
zation and reformation absolutely. I say that the
traitor has ceased to bo a eitizen, and in joining the
rebellion has become a public enemy," * * *
"Before these repenting rebels can be tiusted, let
them bring forth the fruits of rcpcntaucc."
And he added:
"And thc,c leaders must feel the power of the Gov-
ernment. Treason must be madeodious and traitors
must be impoveiishcd. Theirgrcat plantations must
bo seized and divided into small farms and sold to
honest, industrious men."
Lot lis tee how those utterances have been
followed. Have traitors a back scat in the res-
toration of the States recently in rebellion?
Who is Cfivernor of the State of Mississippi?
Benjamin J. Humphreys, elected even before
he hud his pardon in his pocket. Yv'ho of Nortli
Carolina? Jonathan Worth, who beat Hidden,
whose loyalty to the South was such that (he
soldiers of J oil'. Davis threw his printing press
into the streets. Who of the Slate of South
Carolina? James 1j. Oit, who was a leader in
the rebel congress. Who ruled their conven-
tions in their reorganization? Men fresh from
the rebel armies. Who came knocking at the
doors of these Halls for admission? An mi-
broken delegation of traitors from the States of
South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama; men
who served as senators and representatives un-
der that bastard concern of Jell*. Davis. Kven
the unpardoned vice president of the so-called
confederacy is sent as a Senator from (lie Stale
of Georgia, and t he sterling patriot Hill is told,
we have 110 use for such men as you in Georgia,
and she wants 110 such representatives at the
national capital.
Now, sir, wo do not expect to hang all the
traitors. The woild affords no parallel of a
great conspiracy, such as we have had in this
country, in which all the guilty actors suffered
the penalty of ihe law. For myself, 1 shall bo
satisfied il the President will curry out his dec-
larations so fur as to hang even a few of the
leading actors in this drama of blood ; but 1
will not be satisfied to see these men and their
sympathizers gain the triumph, when the war
has passed, by the ballot which they faded to
secure by the bayonet, in the lield.
Again, sir, wo aie told that we must, tiust
these people, these men who sought the life of
the nation. We are told, now that they submit,
that they are as loyal as any people. Yes. we
are told more than this; we are now told that,
the men who stood by the flag of (heir country,
and who dolled treason in the darkest hours ol'
the Republic, and who now demand guarantees
for the security of their hard-earned labors,
and the representatives of these loyal people
who demand these guarantees, are disunionists,
traitors, disloyal men, and that we are seeking
to destroy the Go\crnment.
Mr. Speaker, if seeking to secure to those
who resisted a great conspiracy, and who de-
feated its aims, the control of the Government
which their strong arm has saved constitutes a
disunionist, then 1 plead guilty to the charge.
If asking that traitors be punished, and have
given to them the very modified form of punish-
ment which simply prohibits them from hold-
ing office under the Government whose death
they sought, then 1 bear upon me the mark of
traitor, and shall wear it, to my grave as the
proudest badge of honor my country could be-
stow upon me. If to ask that the victory won
by loyal arms be secured by a fundamental law
to those who never faltered in their support of
the Union against armed foes, and that those
foes iu In lure shall not stand on an equality
with these brave men, then I am a disloyal
man; but bear in mind, sir, such a disloyal
man, such a traitor, such a disunionist as no
law, no statute, and no constitutional provis-
ion known in this Republic condemns either
to death, to exile, .to imprisonment, or to dis-
qualification from ollice. How stands my ease
in comparison with the followers of Jefferson
Davis? I leave the country to judge as to who
are the traitors.
The law defines treason as a crime and fixes
the penalty; but as 110 man expects or desires,
as history shows 110 case, and should not where
all who have engaged in such gigantic conspir-
acies have suffered the extreme penalty of the
law, and as the President himself has declared
that treason is a crime, must bo punished, and
traitors made odious, let us by this amend-
ment punish them for their crimes; let us make
all who have engaged in treason infamous in
the eye of the law to all time by saying to
them, you can neither' make laws nor can you
administer them for the loyal people of this
land. And while 1 do think that the vindica-
tion of the power of the Government demands
the execution of certainly the leading traitors
of the "rebellion, justice to the memory of the
dead requires that their graves shall not be
ruled over by men who waged a war against
the nation in whose defense these heroes fell.
Ill my humble judgment, this is the safest
and surest guarantee the nation can have for
the future. Men know when they enter a great
conspiracy that if it fails they will not have the
exlremc penalty of death indicted upon them,
therefore they do not hesitate when it gets
under way to enter it; but let the Constitution
cut them otf forever from all the offices of trust,
honor, or piofi!, ami let this provision be en-
forced, and ambitious men will be slow to com-
mit an act which silences their voices in all
that pertains to the great rights of freemen for-
ever. Let us adopt this amendment, and the
men who have proved unfaithful, the men who
made war upon us, can never assume control
of this Governmentagain. Adopt this amend-
ment, and yoti put the legal sfatnp of condem-
nation upon them, and forever secure to the
loyal ihe victory over armed treason which the
Army of the Union achieved and sealed by the
blood of more than three hundred thousand
slain soldiers of the Republic.
Now, let us see how much these people are.
to be trusted. We must judge the future by the
past. What has been their past? Do I hey pre-
sent such a record as will justify this 1 louse,
the Representatives of the people, the exec-
utive power, and the great loyal country which
maintained tin4 Government, in trusting theui?
Their great leaders sat in these UalU, held
high places in all det>aitments of the Govern-
ment., and the most, responsible positions in each
of (he States which went into secession. Kaeh
and every one had sworn to support the Con-
stitution of (he United States and to uphold the
laws thereunder, and with this solemn oath rest-
ing upon their souls they plunged into a rebel-
lion ha\ing for its chief purpose the destruction
of the very Government tlicy had thus pledged
their honor (0 maintain. They (lien eagerly took
a second oath, and pledged their eternal sup-
lioi t to a bogus confederacy in direct antago-
nism to the-Government of the United Slates.
Four years roll on—years of strife, of din and
battle and war, iu all its fury, by reason of this
treachery; and these same leaders, with their
deluded followers echoing their sentiments,
pour out anathemas and invectives against the
freemen of the North, swear and reswear and
then swear once more that .they never will eon-
sent to live under Federal power again ; that
the war must go on until their independence is
achieved, or war forever ; that they would con-
tinue until the last of the race had gone down
into bloody graves upon the battle-field rather
than yield ; that the honor of the sons of the
South would carry on the struggle until victory
or death crowned their labors.
What has come of all their oaths; what of
all their boasts; what of their honor? They
perjured themselves in their first oath of alle-
giance to the Government of the United States
when they left our (lag. Their boastings and
their honor fell back in terror, and presented a
ghastly show before the advance of the grand
A*rmy of the Union as it swept on from Cul-
pepper, through the "Wilderness, over the ram-
parts of Spottsylvania, across the Rapidan,
and thundering at the gates of Petersburg,
rolled its echoes to the rebel capital, and made
the great leader of treason tremble for his
safely. Ay, sir, went out of their souls as the
heroes of liberty, with the grand shout of vic-
tory, closed around their lines, and the ripling
waters of the Appomattox told the story, "Your
vaunting words have failed." What scene do
we witness then ? Not having taken oaths
enough yet; not having pledged their honor
sufficiently often, they advance from their dis-
comfiture, and faster than oaths can be filled
up, they swear anew to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, swear to support all
laws of Congress and all proclamations made
by the President during the war in reference
to slaves; ay, further, swearing to support
all that are to be made in future; and having
done this they coolly tell us, "Wo are loyal
men, we arc to be trusted," and uniting with
those who during the war were their sympa-
thizers in the North, and who aiding them by
attempts to baffle the Government, preaching
against it, and denouncing it as a tyranny and
a usurpation, more than half fought their bat-
tles of treason. Joined to a few recreants to
the cause of their country and freedom, with
fawners at the foot of power, they have the
effrontery to say to the representatives of the
nation in this Capitol, to the representatives
of that people wdio crushed out treason, "You
arc tiait'iis to your country if you deny our
! right to rule." Ay, more, it is printed in their
papers, not only South but North, and their
utterances whispered through excited crowds,
led by men who during the war were shut up in
prison for their treason, " This traitor Congress
must be driven from the Halls of the nation's
Capitol" if we do not admit to our deliber-
ations these unrepentant conspirators ; these
thrice-perjured individuals; these men ofhonor!
And are we to be controlled by such threats
as these? Must we fling wide open our doors
and bid such men, acknowledged traitors to
their country's laws, with fierce wrath burning
in their hearts not only against us, but against
all who resisted them, because of their defeat,
and because we dare ask a vindication of the
honored dead, because we dare propose laws
to secure to the living heroes the control of the
land iu whose peiil they went forth to battle,
ami which by their valor they saved; must we
yield to them the fruits of our victory, bought
by four long weary years of blood ? Let others
do as they may, but when you ask me to give
my consent and to join in the surrender, I
answer " Never! never' never!"
Believing this proposition to be right, I con-
tend for it, and I ask the re.presentat.ives of
the nation's defenders to consider it, to adopt
it, and hold out for it until we have secured its
ratification. Will men hesitate to do right
because of a fear, because of opposition in cer-
tain quarters, a fear that it will not be adopted ;
that we cannot, secure the required number of
States in its favor? There is 110 measure, sir,
that will so firmly unite the loyal people. There
is noth nig to the support of which they will more
eagerly rally. Upon this the loyal party of the
nation can stand and can and will win success,
because it will be a success of the right, a vic-
tory over treason and crime, and crowning the
heroes of the struggle in peace with the laurels
they so nobly won in war. Dare any party go
before the loyal North and contend that traitors
shall be allowed to make and execute laws and
rule over the men by whose strong arm the
power of the conspiracy was crushed in war;
they will be swept out of existence and more
overwhelmingly defeated than were the armed
hosts of Jefferson Davis. We can secure the
adoption of this amendment, which, in my opin-
ion, the country so imperatively demands,
