100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
contract. I expressed the opinion that there is
no contract; but we have not examined that
matter carefully, because this resolution does
not refer to it. In relation to the matter stated
by the gentleman who last spoke, the facts are
simply these: that Congress authorized its
members to subscribe for a certain number of
copies of the Globe, for which appropriations
were made. The printers of the Globe were
authorized to draw upon those appropriations,
and if they did so they gave bond that they
would supply the copies of the Globe. If they
took the appropriations before they had per-
formed their work, they gave bond that they
would perform their work by supplying the
copies of the Globe. This is the fact of the
matter. It does not involve a contract, except
that, if the printers of the Globe have received
money from Congress, they have agreed to do
that for which the money was paid.
But this resolution does not refer to that. It
simply asserts the naked privileges of the House,
(which are more important to the minority than
to the majority, and which affect our relations
to the people of the country at large,) by declar-
ing that, for those persons who are sent here to
report our official proceedings, we are respon-
sible, at least so far as to be able to give our
assent to their being present for that purpose.
I trust that the House will sustain the previous
question; and I will hereafter give the gentle-
men who are interested on the other side the
heartiest support in a review of this whole sub-
ject.
And I may be allowed to say, Mr. Speaker,
that there are no officers connected with the
Government who exercise functions of higher
dignity or greater importance than the report-
ers. I believe that if, would be well for the
Government to publish the report of its ov, n
proceedings, and so far as the report of its daily
proceedings is concerned, that it would bo
well that an official abstract should be made,
which might be published in' one or more of
the papers ol' this city, and in all the leading
papers of the country. If the publication of
such an abstract were practicable, il would be
of great or service to the country and to Con-
gress than anything yet done in regard to the
publication of our debates. But none of these
Questions are involved in this resolution.
In regard to a division of the question upon
the resolution, I mu.-i ,-,av to the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Mokkhl] that it is not suscep-
tible of dh isiou. if it nere [ would ( heerfully
consent to iiis request. But inasmuch as the
resolution is reported after careful considera-
tion by the committee, unanimou-'ly—a commit-
tee representing different sides of the House -
and as the re-ohition involves a single question
as to the authority of the Ilonse over gentlemen
who are upon this floor for the performance of
.official duties, I hope it may be disposed of at
this time. I ask the previous question.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman [Mr.
Banks] yield to his colleague.. [Mr. Baldwin ?]
Mr. iJAJS KS. I have 110 objection to doing
so if it is the pleasure of the House to continue
the debate.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to sav. Mr. Speaker,
thai J cannot vote for the resolution, and I wish
to indicate in a few words my reasons. .
In the last, Concress I was so placed that I
necessarily became acquainted rather closely
with the relation of the Globe to the House,
and the relation of tlte reporters of the Globe
to that eoiubii-dimcut. I found that there is—
you may call it a contract,, or you may call it
an arrangement—that there is at any "rate an
arrangement by virtue of which the proprietors
and publishers of the Globe are engaged to do
the work of reporting and printing the debates
of Congress, Ihey are paid for doing this.
They ^enqdoy reporters and printers." They
eome here by their employes to report the de-
bates : anu by their employes in their esaU: ]i-
ment th.-y print them. Xow, I do not feel
ready to latei f'o.-r■ br_hv"«n the pnblidier-; of the
Globe, our prino'pals in this arrangement, and
their employes who come here to do the work I
I; for them. I do think that, by adopting this
it resolution, we shall do injustice to the.pnbli=h-
ji ersof the Globe, create confusion in our rela-
j| tions with them, and prepare for ourselves oc-
;! easion for regret. Therefore I must vote against
the resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I think that my colleague is
in error in his view as to the contract or arrange-
ment between the House and the printers of the
Globe; but, as to that, I care nothing. It is
impossible, or certainly improbable, that any
previous House has undertaken by contract or
arrangement to control the privileges of this
House; and one of the highest privileges of the
Hon
Lho right to decide who shall be allowed
to eoine here to report its official proceedings.
I ask for the previous question.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, is a motion in or-
der to refer this resolation to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire and
report to this House what, if any, are the rights
of the proprietors of the Globe in regard to the
reporters of oar proceedings?
The SPE A HE R. That won] d not be in order if
the previous question should bo seconded. The
pending question is 011 seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HALE. Then I hope that the previous
question will not be seconded, and that I may
have an opportunity to make that motion.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were, on a division—ayes 53,
11003 59.
Mr. BANKS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Banks
and Hale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes •">!>, noes 74.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HALE moved that the resolution be re-
ferred to tlte Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to inquire and report to this House
what, if any, are the relations subsisting be-
tween the proprietors of the Globe and this
House, under contract or otherwise, in regard
to the reporting of the debates.
The motion was agreed to.
m-iriteskxtatiyh fro31 arkansas.
Mr. RAYMOND presented the credentials of
G. TI. Kyle as a liepresentat.ive from the State
| of Arkansas, and moved that they be referred
' to 1 he joint committee on reconstruction.
The niosion was agreed to.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the credentials were referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
additional post roads.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am directed
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to report a bill for the establishment, of
certain post roads, which it is important should
j be passed at this time as the advertisements are
! about to be issued for contracts for four years.
I There can be no objection to the passage of the
I bill as it only embraces post roads.
j The bill was read a first and second time,
j ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
j and bein g engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vole
I by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
■ thai the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nisrrjcr cocjit at ekie, pennsylvania.
Mr. SC0FIEI.D, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill directing a district court to be
held at the city of Erie, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ror.rvip.ta iwtdoti claim.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the petition and
papers m the '■■■i ■: of the Columbia. Bridge Com-
pany be v.,'hdmwn from the files of the House,
and referied to the Committee of Claims. I
The motion was agreed to. I
mp.ssage j«;o:a Tin: i'UESTDSNT.
A message in writing was received £rom the
President of the United States, by Mr. Joiix-
soi", his Private Secretary.
confiscation.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask ^unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to double the pensions of
those wdio were pensioners by the casualties of
the late war, and to pay the damages done to
loyal men by the rebel government and rebel
raiders, and to cnforce the confiscation laws so
as to pay the same out of the confiscated prop-
erty of the enemy, of which 1 have given notice,
for the purpose of having its consideration post-
poned for one month.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 object to its postponement
to any particular day.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not ask to make it a
special order.
Mr. BROOKS. What will be the effect of
postponing the bill to a particular day?
The SPEAKER. It will come up on that
day, or thereafter, if other business does not
interfere. Special orders would take precedence
of it.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to its postponement
to any particular day, but I do not object to
its introduction and reference.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the bill
has been introduced.
'The SPEAKER. It has.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS5. I do not know what the
gentleman desires.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want to give the
hill precedence over other business, and I un-
derstand that the effect of postponing it to a
particular day will give it such precedence.
Mr. STEVENS. It does not give it such pre-
cedence. for any business may be set down be-
fore it, if we shall desire, before that day arrives.
Mr. BROOKS. It gives it precedence on the
Calendar for action. I am willing that it should
take tho ordinary course of business. I will
agree to refer it to the gentleman's own com-
mittee, and he can dispose of it there.
Mr. STEVENS, I do not know to what com-
mittee to refer it.
Mr. BROOKS. The select committee on
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. That would he a good com-
mittee, but it is not a committee of thh House,
but a joint committee, and it is neeesjary first
to refer the bill to a committee of this House.
I move to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was so referred: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
liability of siiip-owneks.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to limit the lia-
bility of ship-owners, concerning marit line liens,
and for other purposes. If was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
TRIAL OF .Tjnvl.'EnSON UAVIS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced the iollowmg resolutions,
which were laid on the table, and ordered to he
printed:
J'efofrni, That ouUI • justice raid national s.' curity
demand that, so - win a- it nriy be i>ne iioahlo. ,fef-
foison i>ni, is, a. reiae-'cnbitiye man of the rebellion,
should have a tear and linjMrtiai trial in the highest
;<Ptu'oi>iiate civ iltriinui.ij ot the country, for the trea-
son mo-t fisv-Taiit ii' c!u"..L."t'_r y him committed. in
order that tho Oii-tituuon and tho lews may be lufly
vindicated, tho truth eleaiiy established and aimmed
that treason is a crime, end that the oftcuso rmiy bo
made infamous: and at tile same t iuie thai the ques-
tion may bo judicially settled, finally and forever, that
no ,Stole ot its own will ha-i the ri^lit to lonouneo its
place in the Union.
Jicoli That public jusliec and national security
demand that in ease ot the con\i<dion ot' said ./ef-
h't -on fieri-, the s< ntoir-e of the low should bo 011'-
noltiiio clVot in order that the ('om'thaiton and tho
lev : may la' inliy Medicatcd and faiiM'ully executed,
the truth clear] j >■> labli-lu d andhirmed Unit tiuison
is a crimo, and that traitors should ho punished.
