THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask: that this bill be
laid aside informally, while I get the Senate to
pass a couple of others.
Mr. CONNESS. No., pass it oyer formally.
Mr. CHANDLER. It seems that the debate
will continue, and I desire to pass a couple of
other bilk and thou resume the debate oa this.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I concur with the views
exjwessed by .the Senator fro.tn California, the
Senator from Wisconsin, and the Senator from
Maine, I have yet to see the necessity for a
bill of this kind. The Government of the Uni-
ted States have guarantied through this law
a.ud by their commissioner a company in New
York to do the business of importing labor.
It has under the auspices of the Government
of the United States solicited from the capital-
ists and manufacturers and agriculturists of
the eountj-y opportunities to bring to this coun-
try laboring people. It has obtained from them
in advance -moneys for that purpose. My con-
stituents have advanced money, believing that
they were advancing that money under the se-
curity and patronage of the Government of the
United States, as it was so stated to them; but
many of them up to this time, to my certain
knowledge, have never received back the money
that they advanced nor the labor that that
money was to produce. Beyond all contra-
diction, the Government of the United States
are a party to fraud upon the people through
this arrangement.
Sir, those who employ labor have not been
able to avail themselves of this law. Prior to
its enaetment labor came free and without
hinderance and without disadvantage. There
were occasionally those who dame who were
not able or who were not willing to refund the
money that was advanced, but it was so in very
few cases; and 1 know that where there were
any extraordinary restrictions placed upon labor
by any peculiar contract made with them for
the refunding of the passage money and other
expenses it was the exception that in those cases
payments were not made, whereas in the cases
where a free introduction of labor was allowed
the laborer himself felt in duty bound or felt
free or was treated in such a way that he did
pay.
Well, now, sir, under this law in my. judg-
ment, the money advanced by the capitalist, if
you so call him, will not be paid back to him
if the labor does not come; and the laborer
if restricted by the law will never pay back a
cent, and the consequence will lie that your
law will be a mere trap set by parties who are
desirous to obtain percentages upon labor that
may be imported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay this bill on
the table. We have other business.
Mr. COWAN. I have always been of opin-
ion that this bill was a very impolitic one,
although I think it is free from some of the
objections which have been taken 
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is to lay on the table. It is not a subject
of debate.
Mr. COWAN. I should be very glad to see
the law repealed.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the following bills and
joint resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 587) to incorporate the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Union of Washington,
District of Columbia:
A bill (II. It. No. 779) to incorporate the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 190) in regard
to rations of Union soldiers held as prisoners
of war.
The message further announced that the
Jlouse of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bills and joint resolution, with-
out amendment:
A bill (S. No. 8S1) to authorise W. J. Sib-
ley, arid others, trustees, to sell and convey lot
No. 9, in square No. 70, in the eity of Wash-
ington ;
A bill (S. No. 382) to change the place of
holding eourtin the northern district of Geor-
gia-;
A bill {8. No. 3$>) for the relief of Thomas
W. Stevens; and
A joint resolution (S. R. Mo. 39) to refer
the claim of the administrator of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, to the Court of Claims.
The message further announced that the
Hojj.se of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 285) granting lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of the Kan-
sas and Neosho Valley railroad, and its exten-
sion to Red river, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 775) to establish certain post roads,
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 794) for the relief of Francis Col-
gen, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
447) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into the Union ; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. WADE. I move that the bill, together
with the constitution of the State of Nebraska,
which I now present, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
REVENUE OFFICERS IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 103.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 103)
in relation to the pay and accounts of collect-
ors of revenue who have failed to take the
required oath of office.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joint resolution with an amendment to strike
out all after the word "that," in line four, to
the end of the resolution, as follows:
The Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized to adjust the accounts and pay the sala-
ries and compensation of all officers and empJoyesof
the Treasury Department who have been heretofore
actually engaged in collecting the revenue within
the States lately in insurrection; such adjustment
and payment to be made with and to each officer or
employ6 who has failed to take the oath of office
required by law, whenever his successor has been
duly appointed and lawfully qualified, and not other-
wise.
And in lieu thereof, to insert the following:
The Secretary of theTreasury be,andishereby, au-
thorized to pay a reasonable compensation topersons
by him employed for the purpose of and who have
been actually engaged in collecting the revenue
within the States lately in insurrection, notwith-
standing the failure or inability of such persons to
take the oath of office required by law: Provided,
That said compensation shall not be greater in any
ease than that provided for by law for officers of the
revenue performing such services: And provided
farther. That this act shall not be deemed to autho-
rizcthc continuancc of such persons in such employ-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It strikes me that it would
be well to amend the amendment a little by
adding at the end of it and as part of the pro-
viso the following:
Nor shall any compensation or salary be paid for
the services of any such person rendered after the 1st
day of August, 1866, nor shall any such person be
thereafter employed.
The object of this amendment is to provide
for the departure of that class of persons out
of the service, of the Government. There are
loyal men enough who can be got to perform
the service, and it is desirable to dissolve the
partnership if possible.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the Senator whether
he had not better add in addition " that no
such sum shall be paid until all such officers
or agents have settled with the Government."
There is nothing to compel these men to pay
over anything; they are under no obligations
to the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be a good
addition to make, but J would put it in this
form :
And provided further, That no such compensation
shall be paid to any such person until his accounts
shall have been finally settled and passed by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
as now modified.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amend-
ed, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust this joint reso-
lution is not to pass, and I confess myself
somewhat surprised to see it coming herewith
the indorsement of a committee of this body.
There is a law, plain and positive, providing
that no person shall bo paid any compensation
for the discharge of the duties of an office with-
out taking the oath prescribed by law. In open
defiance of this plain statute, men have been
appointed to responsible and important offices,
and now a bill is brought in to pay them, and
a provision put upon it that they shall not
be paid again. What do your laws amount to?
Why reenact it over again? Next session, if
these men continue, what good will your pro-
viso do that has just been inserted, that they
are not to be paid after a certain time? The
law is now that they are not to be paid at all.
Suppose the Secretary of the Treasury contin-
ues them as officers to collect the public funds
of the nation, will you not be bound next ses-
sion to pay them? Probably the Senators who
are supporting this measure will say "no."
The Secretary of the Treasury, in defiance of
law, persisted in employing these men, and has
been keeping them in office, I presume, ever
since Congress met, and I suppose they are
in office to-day, in the very teeth of a statute
enacted for the very purpose of preventing men
who were rebels to the countrj7, who will not
swear to their loyalty, from holding the offices
of the country.
Now, sir, I am opposed utterly to paying
these men one farthing for their services; I am
opposed to legislating to cover up any such
violations of the law, and I shall ask for the
yeas and nays upon ordering this resolution to
be read a third time. I trust we may have a
fuller Senate when the vote is taken, that the
bill may go over. Perhaps the better motion
is to postpone it until to-morrow, until we can
have a full Senate here, and let us vote delib-
erately whether we will pass such a bill as this;
and when it is decided by the Senate that they
will pass it, I propose, or I think the commit-
tee had better propose a repeal of the law which
requires the oath.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make that motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone it
until to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My sympathies are entirely
with the Senator from Illinois. I felt about
this when it was first brought to my notice
exactly as he did. I felt decidedly belligerent.
There is another mistake about that; but when
I came to be informed as a matter of fact that
the fault about this business was much more
with the Secretary of the Treasury than it was
with these few gentlemen who were employed
in collecting money for the United States and
paying it over into the Treasury, my opinion
changed, because the fact turns out to be that
the Secretary of the Treasury informed these
persons, who were men of individual honor as
far as rebels could be such, and who were fit
to be trusted in the ordinary respect of busi-
ness, that this test oath would undoubtedly be
repealed immediately on the assembling of
