1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Every State which was -loyal during the war |
will pass such an amendment; then, sir, if the ||
States which went into the rebellion desire to j
move oil again on the great principle whidi :
the war has settled, that those who stand by the i
Government shall rule, let them accept this, j
the greatest issue of the war. j
Cut we are told that these people andthese ;
States submit now ; that they accept the issues ;
of war. Do they? How do they accept them ! \
By their course since their armies surrendered ;
by their public and private acts; by their fierce
and bitter invectives against and denunciations
of all who stood up to thwart their designs ; by
their ostracism, politically, civilly, and socially,
of all Union men within the'limits of territory
over which they lately ruled ; by electing the
most violent rebels to all the offices in all these
States, and by the largest majorities, when op-
posed by mefi' who have dared to stand by their
country ; by insulting the loyal dead and the
living victor in sending up to this Capitol, to
take part in the national legislation of the coun-
try, the very leaders of the rebellion itself, and
that, too, in the face of the law which says
you shall not enter—even sending to our doors
unpardoned rebels'? Sir, if men see submission j
in these things 1 do not. If men iind an ac- j
ceplance of issues in these things their search is j
deeper and more incomprehensible than mine.
Sir, 1 desire peace. 1 have seen enough of
war. For four years Hived and breathed and
acted in the midst of war. I have seen it on
the battle-field, heard it in the groans of the
dying; have seen its fierce lires sweep around
my own home; have seen the soldieis ot the
Republic in the dark, gloomy, and horrid pens
of misery, where rebel bayouetscoinpelled these
heroes and defenders of ficedoni to starve and
free/.e and sicken under a banner which flaunted
treason over them as, away from friends and
all they held most dear, life fled and their spir-
its went home to God; have seen it in all its
horrors, and want to no more. But I want a
peace which, when it binds up the wounded
side of the Republic, will say to the widows and
orphans of these dead heroes ol the nation,
you shall enjoy the fruits of victory gained by
the martyrs who have fallen. I want a peace
which places those gems of honor which men
seek to wear in their crowns forever beyond the
reach of him who has dared to raise his hand
or lift his voice to bring dishonor upon our
banner of beauty and glory, or who has had it
in his heart to blot oat one star from that em-
blem of liberty and freedom. I desire to see
our country move on m her career of glory, but
I desire to see her made secure to the people
who stood by and upheld her laws, and do not
wish to see her destinies transferred into the
hands of men who sought her destruction. I
desire to see those people who wandered awav
from their duty co-uie back into our bouse again,
but not to luleit. When the poor prodigal
nho without cause left his father's house, found
himselfjitarving and in want, ho did not come
back claiming the inheritance as these men do.
How would his father have mot him htid ho
come proudly boasting of his deeds, and said,
all the matters over which yoii_pxereise control
I have an equal right to share and govern with
my brother who always remained wilh you in
obedience? Would the old man, think yon,
have killed the fatted calf for this unrepentant
son? Such is not the teaching of the Book
from which this parable comes.
Let these wanderers, then, accept the issues
of war, the main one of which is that the loyal
must rule. Let them prove their faith by their
works ; show their loyalty by their acts; show
their submission by giving their voices to secure
the great ends for which the gallant army of
the Union fought. Let us put this amendment
before them. Upon it they may pledge their
faith, and when they adopt the proposition they
then prove to the world that they do acccpt
the greatest of all issues, and the nation teaches
a lesson to men to rebel against a tree Govern-
ment no more forever. It they refuse to accept
it, it is proof that they do not accept the issues
<tiiu liltu«ri « uteu. ui  . ucti nt u i ,i n inv-ii
o so lon^ as the Republic lives: theloyal
■ land (hey saved ; the traitor's voice is
of the conflict; that they do not admit their
wrong; and with their hearts still burning with
fiery zeal and indignation against those who
prevented them from carrying into effect their
schemes to destroy this Union are they, or so
long as they hold these feelings will they be,
fit to resume all their rights and proper rela-
tions in this Union? Are they the men to be
placed upon an equal footing with those who
never raised an arm against their country's
flag? Whether we would have the right or
whether it would be true policy to say to them,
you cannot resume your proper relations in
the Union until you have ratified this amend-
ment, is a question I need not answer. But
should we demand such action, we have the
precedent of the President of the United States
to guide, and 1 believe the loyal heart of the
nation would respond in a loud amen.
But we will be told that this kind of a res-
toration is incomplete; that its success will
not tranquilize nor satisfy the South, and that
it ought not to do so; that there are not loyal
men enough in the South who are fit to repre-
sent them ; that only traitors are intelligent
and have qualifications such as arc suitable for
representatives of the people. Then, sir, it is
their fault and not ours. • Lot them go unrepre-
sented until men rise up who are fit. In this
land ideas are rapidly developed, and while
we wait for material the interests of the coun-
try will not suffer because wo have not these
intelligent traitors to aid us in making and
! executing the laws of the nation. But the as-
| sertion is not true. To-day there are in every
i district in flic southern States Union men as
well qualified to hold Federal places of all
kinds as the traitors who arrogate this wisdom
to themselves. In the language of a man whoso
home is more southern than my own, "'Let
them have the benefit of equal laws, but take
from them at (nice and forever the power and
temptation to renew their assaults upon the
life of their country. Let no Union man, high
or low, court the favor of traitors. He will
never win it. From the first they have held
him as their enemy, and to the last they will
be his. livery Union man who puts his trust
in them will sooner or later find it out."
Let the representatives of the people do their
duty and the people will stand by them. Let
us make this a part of the Constitution of our
country. A real, permanent triumph will then
have been achieved; the honor of the nation
not only vindicated, but the nation itself pro-
tected and guarantied for the future; the honor
of the scarred veteran, and of his dead brother
soldiers engraven in colors of living light which
no time can efface on their country's record;
the widows and orphans of the departed heroes
have their sad homes - made lonely by accursed
treason—comforted in the great accomplished
fact, written in characters in the Constitution
of the country, in who<=e defense their martyred
husbands and fathers died, in characters which
will last
rule the taint Itiey
hushed and must be silent forever; the green
grass which grows upon the patriot's grave, the
flowers which bloom around their resting-places
shall wave in the triumph of freedom, and the
whirlwind and the thunder-cloud as fhev sweep
pa^t their tombs, reecho with tones that will
shake the world ; tbehandthatliitsitselfagainst
the law is struck down: the voice which advo-
cates treason, conspiracy, and rebellion shall
not again be heard in the Republic forever.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the Howe that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 2l>) granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tcl-
graph line from the States of Missouri and Ar-
kansas to the Pacific coast, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had concurred in the resolution of
the House of Representatives to prohibit the
admission of Senators or Representatives into
either House of Congress frota the Sfatfe-lfcfeW
in rebellion until Congress shall hay© declared
such States entitled to representation.. ■ -
RECONSTRUCTION—ACAIN.' ,
Mr. LOAN then addressed the House.. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix, ]
Mr. THORNTON. Mr. Speaker, the ab-
sorbing question since our assemblage here is,
•in one view of it, a question of union or dis-
union, and in another view it is a qjiestioar of
absolute power in the Federal Government, and
the consequent extinguishment of the States, or
a national Government, with delected powers,
composed of States clothed with lull powers of
local government. ;
If the States which attempted to secede &T9
"out of the Union," either in fact or in law;
then the war has failed in its avowed, object.
If they are "dead and defunct" States, theft
the war was a fearful tragedy, resulting in .the
death of both the Union and the States. If
they have " lost their powers of locai govern-
ment,'' then we have a despotism, a eonsoft
dated Government, instead of one with speeifie
and limited powers. If they have no right jdf
representation in Congress, then the American
Revolution was a mockery, and free represent-
ative government is a fleeting shadow.
The legal status of these States is the merest
abstraction, separated from the denial of anf
right. But it becomes of infinite importance
to every man in this broad land-, when, as a
consequence of such condition, it is declared
that the people there have no rights in a Govs
eminent based upon the consent of the gov-
erned. Gentlemen upon the opposite side dif-
fer somewhat in the language used to designate
the character of these States. Some call them
dead, and with ghastly smile gloat and enjoy
the picture imaged by a diseased mind. Some
say that they are out of the Union; that they
have wandered from the homes of their infancy,
and deserted the halls of their manhood; and
yet, like a cruel and unnatural parent, they
refuse to welcome them back, and shut the
door against them, when repentant they return.
Others assert that tliey do not sustain practi-
cal relations to the national Government; and
vet no attempt at reconciliation is made; no
word of kindness is spoken ; no warm grasp of
friendship is given; but bitter invective and un-
manly revilings are hurled at a defeated enemy.
Each one, however, arrives at the same conclu-
sion, that the Union is not and shall not bo
restored.
It may be said that there is no intention to
debar the States from a 'participation in the
Government for any great length of time, and
that the desire is to defer the admission of
Representatives merely to ascertain the devo-
tion of the people to the Constitution and laws.
A Representative should be attached to the
Constitution, and should sincerely pledge him-
self to support, protect, and defend it. He
should be loyal to the Government, and I hold,
in the language of the President, that—
" A man who acknowledges allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, andwhoswearstosupport tile Constitution,
ma1;! neee^alily be loyal. Aman^cannot take that
oath in good faith unless he is loyal."
I also adopt and commend for consideration
the language of the President in his veto mes-
j sage:
! " I hold it my duty to recommend to you in the in-
! t,c-re>,ts of peace and in the interests of the Onion tne
: admission of every State to its share in public legis-
! lation; when, however insubordinate, insurgent, or
I rebellion-: its peoplemay have boon, it presentsitsett,
not only in the altitude of loyalty and harmony, but
in the persons of Representatives whoso loyalty can-
not bo questioned under any existing constitutional
' or legal test."
i The assumed right to exclude Representa-
1 tives until their lovalty is proved by witnesses to
! be called, or until the Constitution is amended,
1 or some favorite measures of policy are enacted
i into law, is revolutionary, and if persisted in
1 must end in a complete change of the Govern-
I ment. Such is the plan. This House has
adopted a resolution, in the hour of passion
I and by the suppression of discussion, depriv-
