1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2125
believe the House understood him, he bases
his proposition upon the supposed approval of
the generals whose advice has been brought
before both Houses. I may have misunder-
stood him in this, but I certainly understood
him to ask the House to adopt his amendment
because it was in substantial conformity with
the advice of those generals. I desire now to
ask him whether his amendment comes nearer
to the form of the recommendation of those
generals to whom he alludes.
Mr. THAYER. I think the substitute is
much nearer; and if the gentleman will allow
me 1 will correct him a little. What I stated
was simply this: that the distinguished gen-
erals to whom I referred had recommended
Senate bill No. 67, and that that provided for
a staff in the quartermaster's department of
eighty-seven officers, whereas the substitute
does not call for as many by ten ; and I used
that as an argument with which to rebuke the
argument brought forward by the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Sciiexck,] that the num-
ber callcd for in my substitute was an unneces-
sary number. I did not say nor intimate that
the generals had had under consideration my
substitute. The gentleman was mistaken if
he understood anything of that kind. Nor
did I say that they had considered the Senate
bill No. 138. If the House will look at Sen-
ate bill No. 67, and then look at the gentle-
man's bill, they will find the greatest dis-
crepancies. The generals did not recommend
the abolition of the office of assistant quarter-
master general, as the gentleman's bill does,
or of the office of deputy quartermaster gen-
eral. And as to the number of officers, 1 wish
to say to the gentleman lrom Wisconsin, that
they rccommend, upon the quartermaster's
staff, eighty-seven officers, instead of the much
smaller number provided for in the substitute.
Mr. PAINE resumed the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I want, at some time or
other, a little information, and I do not know
any gentleman who would be better able to give
it to me than the gentleman from Wisconsin.
I ask him, therefore, to indicate some point
in his remarks when it will be not inconven-
ient to him that I ask him a question or two.
Mr. PAINE. I will do so with pleasure.
Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand the bill now
before the House reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs. I also hold in my hand
Senate bill No. 67, which, as I now understand,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thay-er]
embodies substantially the recommendations of
the generals.
I find that in the bill now before us there
are provided for six quartermasters, with the
rank of colonel; in the Senate bill, recom-
mended by the generals, there are also six
quartermasters, of the rank of colonel. I find
that in the bill before us there are ten quarter-
masters provided for with the rank of lieutenant
colonel; but I find in the Senate bill, No. 67
-there are twelve officers of that rank provided
for. I find that the bill now before the House
provides for fifteen majors, while the Senate
bill, to which the gentleman refers, makes pro-
vision for twenty officers of that grade. I find
thai of captains in this service the bill before
the House provides for forty-four, while in this
Senate bill, which the gentleman says embodies
the recommendations of the generals, there are
forty-eight officers of that grade provided for.
Now. it seems to me that if the gentleman
has presented an amendment here whieh re-
duces the number of officers of these several
grades below the number provided for in the
bill reported by the committee, he is still fur-
ther from following the recommendations of
the generals than the committee itself.
It may be true, as the gentleman has said,
that the generals have recommended different
titles for these several grades of officers to
those the committee of this House have rec-
ommended, and in that respect, so far as
the mere nomenclature goes, it may be truo
that the amendment offered by the gentleman,
or rather the Senate bill No. 67, is nearer the
recommendation gf these general otifcers than
the proposition of the House committee. But,
leaving out of view the mere question of no-
menclature, it appears to me to be very plain
that the House committee has approximate^
vastly nearer to the recommendations of those
distinguished generals, in the bill which they
have introduced, and which is now before the
House, than the distinguished Representative
from Pennsylvania has done in the amendment
which he offered.
I will now yield to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxklixg] for his question.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that the
effect of the section as it is in the House bill
is to legislate out three assistant quartermas-
ters general, four deputies quartermasters gen-
eral, and forty-six assistant quartermasters ;
making in all fifty-three officers legislated out
of the Quartermaster General's Oflicc. I wish
to inquire of the gentleman from Wisconsin
whether the information I have thus received
is correct, and if it is, what is the excuse for
this indiscriminate slaughter?
Mr. PAINE. In reply to the interrogatory
of the gentleman from New York, I have to
say this: that I believe it to be pretty nearly
the unanimous opinion of those members of this
House who have given the question their atten-
tion that the change in the title of one of these
officers would, without some opinion of law to
meet the case, or save the officer, abolish that
office. But, if I understand correctly the pos-
ture of this question, as it is now before the
House, there was a proposition introduced by
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs -which prevents such an effect.
Mr. SCHENCK. Such a proposition was
offered, and was adopted by the House, and it
is a part of the section as it now stands.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall we understand,
then, that as the section now stands, it does
not legislate out anybody?
Mr. SCHENClv. With the permission of
the House, I will ask for the reading of the
section as it was amended this morning. It
legislates nobody out; it is particularly pro-
vided that it shall not affect the title to their
offices of all of these men.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that true of all of them?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is true of all of them.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I rise to advocate the
section proposed by the Military Committee in
preference to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer.]
I concede that the figures presented by that gen-
tleman give the advantage to the section as pro-
posed in the bill from the Senate. That, how-
ever, I do not understand to be the important
question involved as between the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and the section in the bill reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs of this House.
The main point involved is the matter of
economy. The gentleman claims that by his
amendment the saving on the pay proper of
colonels is $115 per mouth. Now, the matter
of true economy is presented to us by the sec-
tion reported by the committee of the House,
and it consists in the fact that there is to be
an actual reduction in the officers of this staff
department, to bo accomplished by refraining
from filling vacancies as they occur until the
number of majors has been reduced to three,
and the number of captains fourteen; or a
reduction of seventeen officers in all.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARQUHAR. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. If it is important that the
number of officers in this department should
be reduced, then why not favor the reduction
at once? Or if this number be necessary now
for an army of this size, how can a less num-
ber discharge the duties for an army of the
same size when vacancies shall have occurred ?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I would not decrease
the number now for the very reasons suggested
a few moments ago by the interrogatory of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conkijng.]
There is no disposition on the pail of this
House, I think, to reduce the number of these
officers at this time and turn them adrift. But
the proposition of the committee is, that as
vacancies occur by death, resignation, or other-
wise, those vacancies shall not be filled until
there has been a reduction of three majors and
fourteen captains.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the -gentleman
front Indiana [Mr. Farqdhar] if he does not
find in the present business of this department,
resulting from the war, a necessity for the tem-
porary continuance of the present number of
officers in the department.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ain obliged to the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr, Paine] for his
suggestion; that is true. There is an immediate
and present necessity for retaining the officers
now on duty, and it is only proposed that in
the case of vacancies-by death, resignation, or
otherwise, no appointments to fill such vacan-
cies shall be made until the number of majors
is reduced from fifteen to twelve, and the num-
ber of captains from forty-four to thirty.
And there is another reason why I favor the
proposition as presented by the committee of
the House, in this section. It provides that of
the original appointments to be made under
this bill, two thirds of the lieutenant colonels
and majors and all of the captains shall be from
volunteer officers who have performed mer-
itorious services during the late war; that is,
that two thirds of the ten colonels, two thirds
of the fifteen majors, and all of the forty-four
captains shall be appointed from officers of the
volunteers.
Mr. THAYER. "Will the gentleman allow
me to call his attention to the fact that the
substitute does the'same?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I have not been able
to see it. All I find in the substitute, which
is section thirteen of the Senate bill, is that
all vacancies thereby created in the grades of
assistant quartermasters shall be filled by
selection from among the persons who have
rendered efficient and meritorious services as
assistant quartermasters of volunteers during
the war. I see no more than that.
Mr. THAYER. There can be no other
vacancies.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I have been informed
that there are other vacancies to arise besides
the three assistant quartermasters general
there referred to. If there are not, then in
that respect the section of the committee's
bill might have no advantage over the substi-
tute. Still I prefer the section as,reported
by the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Senate bill every-
where provides that these appointments shall
be made from quartermasters and others who
have served during the late war. But the
House committee has preferred to take them
all from our side, and to say that the appoint-
ments shall be made from among volunteer
offieeis who have served in the Army of the
United States during the late war.
Sir. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me, for the sake of accuracy, to call his atten-
tion to the concluding language of the substi-
tute. whieh provides that these positions shall
be filled by selection from among persons who
have rendered meritorious service as assistant
quartermasters of volunteers during two years
of the war ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Exactly.
Mr. THAYER. Now, I would like to know
where there is any discrimination in favor of
the regular Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not speaking about
the regular Army. I am speaking about the
rebel volunteers and the Union volunteers.
We have preferred to require that these officers
should have served on our side in the war.
That is one difference between the two bills.
Mr. THAYER. That is a very nice criti-
cism.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a somewhat material
point, it seems to me.
I wish now to call the attention of the House
to the fact that the question now before us io
the amendment to the amendment, proposing
to attach to the substitute of the gentlcmau
