1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3085
I modify the resolution
Mr. COFFROTH.
so as to read:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be, and is
hereby, instructed to inquire into tlic expediency of
appointing commissioners, &c.
I demand the previous question on the reso-
lution as modified.
The House divided j and the tellers reported
—ayes 22, noes 70.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. GTUNNELL. I rise to debate the res-
olution.
Debate arising, the resolution went over
under the rule.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles ; which were thereupon
signed by the Speaker:
An act (S. No. 140) to grant the right of way
to the Ilumboldt Canal Company through the
public lands of the United States ;
An act (S. No. 170) to confirm the title of
Jose Serafin Ramirez to certain lands in New
Mexico ;
An act (S. No. 180) to confirm the grant of
certain lands to Jos6 Dominguez in California ;
An act (S. No. 261) for the relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston ; and
An act (S. No. 321) for the relief of Maria
Syphax.
EXPLOSION AT WASHINGTON ARSENAL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the commandant of the
"Washington arsenal, transmitting, in lieu of
the report heretofore made, a detailed report
of the distiibution of the money appropriated
by Congress to the sufferers of the late explo-
sion in the said arsenal, with the vouchers
therefor 5 which was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
NEUTRALITY—THE I'ENIANS.
Mr. ANCONA submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which lie called
the previous question:
Wheieas the Irish people and their brothers n>nd
friends in this country are moved by a patriotic pur-
pose to assert the independence and reestablish the
nationality of Ireland; and whereas the active sym-
pathies of the people of the United States are nat-
urally with all men who struggle to achieve such
ends, more especially when those engaged therein
are the acknowledged friends of our Government,
as arc the Irish race, they having shed their blood
in defense of our flag in every battle of every war
in which the Republic has been engaged; and
whereas the British Government, against whom they
are struggling', is entitled to no other or greater con-
federation from us as a nation than that demanded by
the strict letter of international law, for the reason
that during our late civil war she did in effect, by
her conduct, repeal her neutrality laws; and whereas
when reparation is domanded for damages to our
commerce, resulting Irom her willful neglect to cn-
ioree the same, she arrogantly denies all responsi-
bility and claims to be the judge in her own case ;
and wheieas the existence of our neutrality law of
181$ compels the executive department of this Gov-
ernment to discriminate most harshly against those
who have ever been and are now our friends, and in
favor of those who have been faithless, not only to
the general principles of comity which should exist
between filoudly States, but also to the wiittcn law
of their own nation upon this subject: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Foreign
Affairs be, and they are hereby, instructed to report
a bill repealing an act approved April 20,1818, en-
titled "An act in addition to an act for the punish-
ment of certain crimes against the United States,''
and to lepeal the act therein mentioned, it being
the neutrality law, under the terms of which the
President's proclamation against the Fenians was
issued.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the preamble'
and resolution 011 the table.
Mr. HALE. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I hope the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] will withdraw his
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I will withdraw the motion for
the present.
Mr. HALE. I renew the motion.
Mr. ROGERS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ANCONA. Is debate 011 this resolu-
tion in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent; for there are two undebalable
motions pending, the call for the previous ques-
tion and the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ANCONA. Then I object to any
debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
Chair if it will be in order to move to refer this
resolution and preamble to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs should the motion to lay on
the table be voted down and the call for the
previous question bo refused.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer would
then be in order.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, have I not the
floor?
The SPEAKER. No gentleman can obtain
the floor now but upon a point of order or to
submit a motion in order.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to submit a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, ] Mr.
Ancona.]
Mr. ANCONA. I cannot receive any sag- j
gestion during the pendency of a motion from
the other side to lay this motion on the table.
After that motion shall have been voted down
1 will receive any suggestion and be willing to
consent to any reasonable modification of the
resolution: but for the present L object to any
debate.
The question recurred upon the motion to
lay the preamble and resolution on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
The question was taken ; and it was decided ]
in the negative—yeas o, nays 112, not voting
GO : as follows :
YEAS—Me.-srs. Cobb, Davis, Giinncll, Hale, and
Trowbridgo—5.,
NAYS—Me^rs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Delo? It.
Ashley; James At. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter,
Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell. Bingham, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Bnckland, Bundy, Cluinler, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Coflroth,Cook, Cullom,Darling, Dawes,
Dcfrces, Delano, Bodge, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley,
Eldiidge, Eliot, Faiquhar, Ferry, Fmek? Garfield,
Glo^brcnncr, Griswohl, Abncr (J. Harding, Hart,
Ilaycs, Henderson, Higby, lioijan, Hooper, Asaliel
W. llubbaul, John II. Hubbard, James 11. Hubbell,
.Tame-J M. Ilumphiey, Julian, Kelley, Kolso, Kerr,
Keteham, Kuykendall, Lallin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lonpyear, Lynch,
Marvin.MoCullouuh, McRucr, Mcicui, Miller, Moor-
head, M01 lis, Moulton, Mvcrs,Niblack,O'Neill,Orth,
Paine, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants', Pomei oy, Price,
Samuel J. ltaudall, William II. Randall, Ravmond,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rittor, Rogers,
Ross, Sawyer, Schcnck, Scoficld, Sitgreavcs, Spalding,
Stevens, Strousc, Tabcr, Taylor, Thavcr, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Tumble, Upson, Van Aernam,
\V"ard, Henry I). Washburn, Welker, Wiialey, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
lield, and Wright—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Bald-
win, Barker, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Bran-
degee, Broomall, Conkling, Culver, Dawson, Doming,
Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, E?;rlo>ton, Pai nsworth,
Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hill.
Holmes, IJotchkiss, Chester D. llubbaid, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Hulburd, Jambs Humphrey,
Inercrsoll, Jc 11 ekes, Johnson, Jones, Ka^on,Le Blond,
Loan, Marshall. Marston,McCIiirg,McIndoe,McIvcc,
Morrill, Newell, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Rad-
ford, Rollins, Rousseau, Shanklin, Shcllabaiger,
Sloan. Smith, Starr, Stihvell, Francis Thomas, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Ehliu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
Windom, and Woodbridge—66.
So the moiion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BROOMALL said: I desire to state that
I am paired generally with the gentleman from
Kentucky. Mr. Shaxkijx, and therefore 1 do
not vote on this question.
Mr. GRINNELL said: Mr. Speaker, con-
sidering this resolution a reproof of the Ad-
ministration, I vote "ayM 011 this motion to
lay on the table.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. ANCONA. As there appears to be
some objection to the form of this resolution,
I withdraw the call for the previous question,
and modify the resolution by striking out after
the words "instructed to" the word "report,"
and inserting in lien thereof the words "in-
quire- into the expediency of reporting;" so
that the resolution will read ;
That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be, an(3
they are hereby, instructed to inquire iuto the ex-
pediency of reporting a bill repealing, &c.
I renew the demand for the presious ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, will
not the House still have to vote upon the pre-
amble of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The vote on that must be
taken separately.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state*
then, that I desire, if the previous question be
not seconded, to make a motion to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Foreign Affairs-
Mr. COBB. I desire to inquire whether the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has the right to
modify his resolution at this stage without
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. He has, having for that
purpose withdrawn the call for the previous
question.
Mr. COBB. Well, I object, whether the
objection amounts to anything or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to permit me to
have read, at least, a substitute which I pro-
pose to offer for the resolution. Let it be read
for information. *
Mr. ANCONA. I prefer not to have an
amendment offered at this stage. I insist on
the demand for the previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—aves *27, noes 7n.
.Mr. ANCONA. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Ancona
and Banks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 00, noes GO.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following as a
substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and I demand the previous
question upon the resolution and the substitute:
Resolved, That the President of the United States,
in the opinion of this House, should reconsider the
policy winch has been adopted by him as between the
British Government and that portion of the Irish
people who, under the name ot Fenians, are strug-
gling for their independent nationality ; and that he
be requested to adopt as nearly as practicable that
exact course of procedure which was pursued by tho
Government of Great Britain 011 the occasion of the
late civil war in this country between the United
States and rebels in revolt, recognizing both parties
as lawful belligerents, and observing between them
a strict neutrality.
Mr. ANCONA. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
to amend the resolution at this stage?
The SPEAKER. It is. The resolution is'
now before the House for action. The pre-
vious question not having been seconded, the
floor passes to some gentleman who opposed
the seconding of the previous question. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciucnck,] having
given notice of his intention to move to amend
the resolution, has been recognized as entitled
to the floor.
Mr. HARDINCr, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to let a substitute I desire
to oiler be read for the information of the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows :
Rcsoht'dby the House of Representatives, That the
Committee 011 Foreign Afiairs, if they deem it expe-
dient, report that this House does heartily sympa-
thize with all true Irishmen in their holy struggles
for freedom and to relieve their country from the
crushing thralldom of Giuafc Britain. That we re-
member with gratitude that many bravo Irishmen
periled their lives and mingled their blood with the
patriots of the Union Army on many hard-toiight
fields against lebels, recognized as belligerents and
aided by England with ships and money and mate-
rials of war, in the wicked purpose to destroy this
Governments That in the lighiot' the late precedent
established by Great Britain, this nation may,and
should, at the earliest practicable proper moment,
recognize asabelligerentthe Irish nation, and extend
to them all the aid and privileges which tho laws of
nations (modified by the conduct of Great Britain m
our late civil war) will permit. And that while this
Government refuses to aid freedom upon this conti-
nent, in Chili and Mexico, from foreign intervention,
