102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
tmless supplied by the Government. They are ex-
ceedingly anxious to resume their agricultural pur-
suits, and to enable them to do so they must be pro-
vided with agricultural implements and seeds." Of
theQuapaws,Senecas,andSliawnces,hosays: "These
refugees have been in Kansas most of the time dur-
ing the war, but now they are willing to return to
their former homes, whither they will be removed
during this month or the first of next. They, in com-
mon with all other loyal Indians, have had their
homes desolated, and they appeal for aid in clothing
and farming implements. They have been subsisted
during the whole period of their exile, and must con-
tinue to be until they can raise a crop, when they ought
to be able to subsist themselves." Of the Witchitas
and other affiliated bands: "These Indians are poor—
desperately poor—and unless they arc fed by the Gov-
ernment they must starve or steal, and they may steal
and yet not bo able to prevent starvation among the
helplesswomen and children. Iftheyshouidbedriven
to the necessity of plunderingforsubsistenee, murders
may be expected to follow in the wake of robbery, and
consequent strife, bloodshed, and war to exterminate
these poor, dependent, and helpless Indians who have
been driven to their extremity from sheersuttering."
It was with these statements before me, statements
which.from personal observation whilein tholndian
country, I knew to be true, that, in my annual re-
port, 1 set lorth the destitution of these Indians, and
their dependence upon the Government for food and
clothing.
from sources outside of the officers of this Depart-
ment like information has been received, andsimilar
appeals made. Major General Reynolds, on October
12, transmits a petition of the southern Chcrokees
(dated September 27; stating that " they are in a very
destitute condition, for the want of subsistence."' *
* * * " They must stay where they are and
have no subsistence, and no means of getting any for
months to conic, duiing all the inclemencies of win-
tor, unless they are led by your Government—their
guardian and protector.'1 General Hunt remarks in
forwarding this to General lieynolds, " In the condi-
tion of these people it is important that they should
not be driven bv hunger to depredations on the prop-
erty of the Chieka&aws and Ohoctaws, especially at
this time;"' and General Reynolds says: " The neces-
sity for contributing to their support is apparent,
and humanity dictates that their sufferings be ailovi-
atcd without delay.'1
Tu meet these urgent appeals, to relieve all this
suffering, the Department has not one cent of iunds,
and cannot have unlil Congress acts.
The estimate of Superintendent Sells may seem
large, but the necessities are great. To feed 19,0/0
loyal Indians for six months he asks for "so-U.Gll,
which ib at the rate of fifteen cents per day for each
Indian; to feed 11,700 Indians lately disloyal, for *>ix
months, he asks for si l2,(J40, which is at the rate of
ton cents per day; arid to clothe all these, andl,-300
others, who have subsistence, but no clothing, he
asks for $451,780, which is at the rate of fourteen dol-
lars for each Indian, llis estimate foots up ^1,185, J31,
and I think not less than $1,000,000 will suffice.
Very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
D. N. OOOLEY,
(Jomi)iiissloaer.
Hon. James IIarlax, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. KASSO X. It" the gentleman from Kan-
sas [Mr. Clarke] will permit me, I will state
that at the last session of Congress I acted on
the part of the House in a conferciice commit-
tee upon the Indian appropriation bill. Near
the close of that session there came to this
House from the Senate an amendment to the
regular appropriation bill, providing for the
diversion of a quarter or half a million dollars,
I forget whieh7 for the relief and support of
destitute loyal Indians. In the hurry of the
closing part of that session our committee
reported it to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it pass, but without any provision
whatever guarding the disbursement of that
appropriation. I leit that it was wrong to pass
a mere general appropriation without any guard
or cheek upon its disbursement.
And now, at this early day of this session,
we find another proposition of the same char-
acter, proposing a discretionary appropriation
at this time of S500.000 without one solitary
check upon its expenditure.
I find in the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs the following sentences, which I
will read, and to which I ask the attention of
this House:
"I suppose that I am not making a remark which
will startle the Department by its novelty, when I
suggest that there reason In believe thai :ig^nts are
too often in some manner interested with or lor the
traders. Certainly there can be no doubt that if such
combination of interests should exist, it can only exist
to the injury of the interests of the Indim*, and con-
sequently ot the Government. It is not uncommon
to hear the apparent rapidly-increasing w cnlth of em-
ployes of, or officers subordinate to, this office spoken
of as a reproach to the service. I have no idea ot un-
dertaking a Quixotic attempt to correct the manners
or mora!-- of pub!k- oKicci*. but in this, particular mat-
ter I have been led to believe that an improvement
can be efi"cted, partly by the adoption and enforce-
ment of nvw and stringent rules by the Deportment,
and partly by the aid of congressional enactments."
And further down on the same page, he says:
""With a view to the correction of such wrongs as
may exist, and the prevention of others in future, in
relation to a combination of interests between agents
and traders and contractors, I suggest an application
to Congress for the passagoof a law which shall make
it a penal offense for any agent, or other officer in the
Indian service, to be in any manner, directly or in-
directly, interested in the profits of the business of the
trader, or in any contract for the purchase of goods,
or in any trade with the Indians, at their own or any
other agcncy; the same penalties to apply to the li-
censing of any relative to trade, or to purchasing goods
or provisions for the use of the Indians of any firm in
which they or any relative may be partners, or in any
way interested. I do not desire to push legislation to
a point where it cannot bo enforced, but I think that
in this matter the most stringent measures are neces-
sary."
Now, we havelearnedfrom the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that there are re-
ports in circulation of bad management, of mis-
conduct, and of fraud in connection with the ex-
penditure of these appropriations. I have heard a
report that $280,000, or some other very large
part of this money, has now actually been ex-
pended without warrant of law, and this is pro-
posed for thepurpose of paying what has already
been contracted for without warrant of law.
My colleague [Mr. Hubbard] says that here
are gentlemen from our own State; the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, the superintendent, are from Iowa,
and I sec among the other names two or three
others who are either from Iowa or connected
with officers controlling the Indian department
who are from that State.
Now, I do not like that these things shall ex-
ist any longer if we can avoid it by providing
proper guards upon the distribution of this fund.
It is said that the son of the superintendent is
a partner in a linn who is interested in these con-
tracts. I want these matters to be so arranged
that the character of these gentlemen will not be
liable to any such imputations as are now made,
and when we arc doing our utmost in the Com-
mittee on Appronriations, in pursuance of the
manifest wish of*this House, to guard against
mal-administration, and cut down appropria-
tions, I do not want appropriations made in so
unguarded a manner as to lead to imputations
like those referred to upon the gentlemen en-
gaged in that department.
1 think, therefore, that we ought to hesitate
before thus voting away $500,(>00 by what is
actually a new appropiiation. which, it seems
to me, ought to go, under the rules, to the
Committee of the Whole. I hope that we-shall
not set the precedent of disposing of such an
amount of money without placing the slightest
guard upon its disbursement. If the House
shall, as I trust it will, refuse to sustain the
previous question, I shall propose that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, that that committee may adopt such
provisions, in connection with this appropria-
tion, as will, in the esiimation of all honest
men, guard the disposition of this fund against
any supposed mal-administration. I apprehend
that a delay of a few days cannot make a very
great difference. In a matter involving the
expenditure of $500,000, the House ought to
have a little time to provide, through the appro-
priate committee, that the appropriation of so
large a sum of money may be surrounded by
proper guards, none of which are now provided.
By the resolution, the money is appropriated,
in general language, "for the relief and support
of Indians." I hope, therefore, that the gen-
tleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] will see the
propriety, on all grounds, of allowing the resolu-
tion to go to a committee, by which the proper
guards can be provided, so that there will no
longer be this liability to imputations upon the
character of those who are to administer the
fund.
Mr. CRINNELL. I think, sir, that, after
the reading of the report to which we have list-
ened. this is no time for my colleague [Mr.
Kas^on] to raise the question with regard to
imputations of fraud in reference 1o tho ex-
penditure of thhi money for the relief of starv-
ing Indians. 1 would not have risen but for the
fact that the guitleman whose name has been
mentioned here is a constituent of mine. He
was for many years the secretary of state of
the State of Iowa. A more honorable gentle-
man does not reside in that or any other State.
The resolution now before us originated, I
believe, with the Secretary of^ the Interior or
the Commissioner of Indian AfFairs; certainly ifc
is indorsed by the Secretary of the Interior. Ifc
has met the approval of the Senate, and comes
before the House with the sanction of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs of this body, who have
fully examined the subject. Yet my colleague
proposes that we shall allow the resolution to
go over for three weeks, leaving meanwhile
those Indians on the frontier to die by starva-
tion, in order, as the gentleman contends, that
we may set at rest imputations which have been
made against some citizens of my own State.
Sir, those gentlemen need no vindication. I
trust that my colleague will not rise here to
impeach the character of citizens of his own
State, against whom, as I believe, no imputa-
tion can justly be made.
I hope that we shall follow the well-consid-
ered recommendation of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and pass this resolution. I
repeat, it has received the approval of The Sec-
retary of the Interior, who certainly has tho
reputation of being an honest man, and of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who is also I
believe an honest man. I hope that we shall,
by appropriating this money, save those, desti-
tute Indians from starvation, and not invite
them in this inclement season to commence
depredations upon the white people of the
frontier. The bill is well guarded, has been
well examined, and delay, I fear, is fraught
with risk, if not with great wrong.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] yield to me
one moment?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will.
Mr. SHELLA-BAUG-EIi. I rise simply for
the purpose of asking the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
to what seems to be a singular feature of the
case now presented to the House. It seems,
by the communication read at the desk, that
there are some, perhaps eleven thousand, dis-
loyal Indians of two tribes that are named, who
have been about three )eais in the rebel army,
and have been reduced to circumstances of
destitution by reason of their absence from
their homes while in the rebel service. They
now come back to their homes, and appeal to
the Congress of the United States to make pro-
vision for them on account of th.e suffering con-
dition in which they are fonnd by reason of
their service in the rebel army.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it does seem to be a nov-
elty, whatever the claim on the part of humanity
may be, that Congress should, without consid-
eration, provide speedily for the wants of le-
turned rebel soldiers and their families. To
ascertain the reasons why that should be done
has led me to invite the attention of the House
to this subject.
And permit me to say, in this connection,
that if these claims of humanity are to be in-
dulged, to induce Congress to make these ap-
propriations, there are claims which could be
urged with more startling force from hundreds
who are suffering greater hardships, and who
arc more deserving of our attention. A com-
munication was sent to me a tew days ago by a
gentleman who is traveling through the South,
wherein it is stated that freedmen of the South,
and their families, that the families of soldiers
of the Army of the United Slates are now lying
at railroad stations and elsewhere under cir-
cumstances not only o f destitution, but dying of
hunger and exposure. These remarks apply, as
gentlemen know, to the families of our own sol-
diers in the North. It is not necessary for me
to say what is so familiar to alb that there are
thousands and tens of thousands of those who
have been rendered fatherless and desolate by
the late war for whom no provision has been
made by the Government.
1 only allude tn this for tho purpose of say-
ing that if the claims of humanity are to be
ad\ancedto pass this appropriation speedily,
