3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
to which it stands pledged by solemn instructions of
our policy and people, it is ignominious anddisgrace-
ful to put forth its power with zeal and alacrity to aid
an oppressor to an extent not imperatively required
t>v the observed laws of nations. And that said com-
mittee, if they deem it expedient, make report at any
time to this House by leave.
Mr. SCHE^TCK. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question for the purpose of ex-
plaining to the gentleman from Illinois why I
cannot yield to allow his amendment to be
offered. I am not for expressing an opinion
on either side, but for standing off and looking
on as at a fair fight. u Hands oil','' is the motto
I would prefer. I therefore adhere to my own
resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to debate unless il is accorded to both sides.
Mr. 33ANKS. 1 only wish to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. ANOONA. T object, to debate.
Mr. SUII1SNCK. 1 yield to the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ANCONA. Is it in order to debate this
resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Tf the resolu-
tion gives rise to debate it must go over.
Mr. BANKS. I do nut wish to debate the
resolution. I only wish to say if the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
we will report on it. 1 move that the resolution
and amendment be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and on that motion 1 demand
the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer to the Committee on
Foreign AlK-nrs.
Mr. HALF. I move (hat the resolution and
substitute be laid upon the table.
Mr. ANCON'A. I demand theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas nays llo, not voting
02; as follows:
YKAS—Cobb. Davis, Dawos, Bodge, Oris-
wold, flnli', and Trowbridtfe-"^
NAYS—Mepsrs. Allev, Allison, Aneonn, Dolos It.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Maker, .Baldwin, Bunks,
JBaxter, Jh'.unan, Boixon, Bidwcll, Bingham, Bout-
wclt, Boyei, Bromwril, Bm-kland, OhunU-r, Header
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Collroth, Cullom, Darling,
Delrees, Donnelly, Di Dumunt, l'>kiey, Kldrulge,
Kliol, Partisworlh, Kaninhar, Kerry, Finek, (J.irlield,
Clossbrt'iiner, Aaion llaidinp:, Almor C. Hauling,
Hart, iluves, iti-nderson, Jlo-^an, Holmes, Hooper,
Asahel \V. John U. IhibbanL James Jt.
II ublx-ll, Jliumphnw , .J uhan, Kelle> , KHm>,
Kerr, Ivefeluun, Kuvkendall, Lalltn, Lalhani, Wil-
liam Lawrence, iion^ytiar, Alarvm, MdJIuri?, McCuI-
IoukI), MrKurr, Men-nr. sillier, i\i ooi Momll,
Morris, Monlton, .Myi'iv, ISiblaek, O'Neill, Oilh,
Paine, Perhsim, Phelps, Pike, Plants, I'omerov, Pi ice,
William li. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. 11 ice,
John XI. 11 ice, Hitter, Holers, lto-s, ltous^cau,
Sawyer, Sehenek, Seolield, Sliellabarfrer, Situ-reaves,
Smith, Spalding, Stronse, Taber, Taylor, Thayer,
John L. Thomas Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Ward,
Henry I). Washburn, AVsdker, Whaley, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen R Wilson, Windom,
Winfield, Woodhudse, and "Wright—li;;.
NOT V< >TING —- Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Bar-
ker, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee. Bioomall,
Buudv, (.'onltling, Cook, Culver, Dawson, Delano,
Deming, i)enison, Dixon, Kggleston, Goodyear, Un-
der, (irhmell, flams lliyhy, Hill, iloleiikRs Ches-
ter D. Jlubbard, Jic-ma^ ilnbl)ard, Edwin N. jJub-
bell, llulburd, James Humphrey, IngoiMil], Jenckes,
Johnson, Joins, Ka.-son, (Jeoigo V. Lait mice, be
Blond, Loan, L>wh. Marshall, Mars ton, Aiohidoe,
McKec, Newell. Xuholi-on, Nocll, Patterson, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Rollins, Shanklin, Starr,
Stevons, Stilwell, Francis Thomas, Van Armani, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburnc, William B. Washburn, and Went-
wurth—02.
So the House refused to lay the amendment
and substitute upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ANCONA slated that Ins colleague. Mr.
Dexisox, was absent, being paired with Mr.
WAHHBUitx, of Massachusetts.
The result having been announced as above
recorded, the question recurred on ordering
the main ouestion on the motion to refer.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr* Axcona] allow me to offer a
substitute?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and nays
on the question of reference, and tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Banks and Axcona.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty*eight, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on referring the
resolution and substitute to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 87, nays 35, not voting 01 j as fol-
lows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison. Delos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Bcaman.BidwclL Bingham, Blaine, Boutwcil, Brom-
well, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Claikc, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dcfrecs l)olano,
Bodge, Briggs, Eekley, Farnsworth, Fnrqulmv, Grin-
nell, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Holmes, Bcnias Hubbard,
Kdwin N. Itubbell, Jcnckes, Jones, lCasson, Kellcy,
lvuykendall, Lallin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Longycar, Marvin, McOlurg,
MeK.ee, Meltucr, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton. M>ers, O'Neill, Oith, Paine, Pciham,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, William II. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander JI. ltico, John II. llico, Ross,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Schcnek, Seolicld, Shcllabarjjer,
Sloan, Spalding, Thayer, Trowbiidpre, Upson, Ward,
Wclker, WJiah-j, Williams, James 1". Wilson, Ste-
phen h\ WiImju, Windora, and Woodbridgc— 87.
NAYS—Ancona, Beigcn, Bojei, Chanler,
Co (fro tli, Darling, O-ivh, Dnniont, Kldridge, Finek,
(iloshbrenncr. Ciulei, Hale, Aaron Harding, Began,
James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Ketcham,
MeCulloagh, Kiblaek, Ponieroy, Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter, Rog<rs, Sitgrcaves, Smith, Stilwell, Strousc,
Tabor, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Wiulicld. and
Wui?ht—
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Barker,
Benjamin, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Conkling,
Culver, i^awson, Doming, Bcnison, Dixon, Bonnelly,
Lggle^ton, lCliot, Ferry, (lariiold, <>oodyear, (Jri&wold,
Abner C. Harding, llender.-on, lligby, Hill, Hooper,
llotehkiss, Asahc! W. llubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
John 11. Hubiiaul, Janie^ R. Hnbbell, llulburd,
James Humphrey. Ingersoll, Julian, Iveho, Le
Blond, Loan, Lynch, Matshall, ^larston, Melndoe,
Moorhead, Newell, Nicholson, Nocll, Patterson,
Radford, Rolling, Shanklin, Slarr, Stevens, Francis
'I'liomas, Joiin L. Thomas. Van Aernam. Burt Van
Horn, RobertT. Van Hoin, Warner, lOlihn B. Wash-
bmne. Henry D. Wasiiburn, William B. Washburn,
and Weutworth—til.
So the resolution and substitute wore referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SCHFNOK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution and substitute were
so referred; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KNKOhLKl) ISIbLK HlliM-'I).
Mr. THOWBRIDOF, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (11. R.
No. making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year ending June 30, 18G7 ; when the Speaker
signed the same.
AUSTRIAN S0I.D1KKS TN MEXICO.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the lollowing resolution; which was read,
considered, nnd agreed to ;
Hcsolvnl. That tlio President of tlio Unitoil States
bo re'iuostod to comnnnucuto to this House, if in liirf
opinion this may he done compatibly with the public
interest, any mtormatujn wliieh licnuiy have received
\\itli reterenee to the dispatch uf militaiy Ibices from
Au.-tna lor sen iee in 11 exieo.
PEIiSOXAi, EXl'I.AXATJON-.
iMr. I1ALK. I ask unanimous conscnt of
the House lor a moment for a personal expla-
nation. bile the resolution was pending this
morning in regard to the neutrality laws, I
made an effort to oiler a substitute which it
struck me would be received by the House in
the nature of a compromise. 1 ask leave to
have my proposed substitute and compromise
read.
Air. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, is this a per-
sonal explanation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is;
the gentleman so regards it himself.
The Clerk read the proposed substitute, as
follows:
Remlvcd, That the honor and good faitli of the
United States imperatively demand a just and rigor-
ous enforcement of the neutralitylaw.-, and that this
ltou-e -will entertain no proposition looking to their
repeal, evasion, or violation.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay it 011 the
table.
The SPEAKER. ItisnotbeforetheHouse.
The gentleman is making a personal explana-
tion.
HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. BROOAIALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill amendatory of an aet to amend
an act entitled "An act relating to habeas cor-
pus and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," approved May 11, 18GC; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
HOSPITAL I'Olt SOLDIERS.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution in relation to the
purchase of a plan for a hospital for soldiers,
&c.; which was read a first and second time,
referred tn the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
C1IANGE OF NAME OF A SCHOONKlt.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to grant an American register to
the schooner Marco Paulo ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. RAYAIOND. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which joint resolution
of the Senate No. 09, making an appropriation
to negotiate treaties with certain Indian tribes
was postponed until to-day. I withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution was
read a third time on Wednesday last, and the
question now is oil its passage.
Air. RAYMOND. 1 wish to state as briefly
as possible the reasons which render it impor-
tant to pass this resolution. It is a resolution
which comes from the Senate appropriating
the sum of $120,000 for the purpose of ena-
bling the President of the United States to
conclude treaties with certain Indian tribes on
the northern Missouri and Platte rivers.
The House is aware that growing out of the
massacre in Minnesota there ensued a war with
some of the Indian tribes. In Alarcli, 18(35,
Congress passed a bill appropriating $20,000
toward the conclusion of treaties of peace with
the Indians, engaged in those hostilities.
Soon after the passage of that bill the Gov-
ernor of Dakota Territory made application
to the Department of the Interior for prompt
action under that law, asking tluu a commis-
sion might be appointed to proceed as speedily
as possible to the region of country concerned
and conclude treaties with the Indians there.
Some correspondence, I believe, ensued
between the War Department and the Depart-
ment of the Interior as to which properly had
charge of the subject, but it all ended in the
appointment by the President of a commission,
consisting of Governor Edmunds, Alajor Gen-
eral Curtis, Superintendent Taylor, General
Sibley, and Hon. Orrin Guernsey. They were
appointed to treat with the Indians and con-
clude treaties of peace if tliey found it prac-
ticable.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs author-
ized the purchase of certain goods to be dis-
tributed to these Indians. A portion of those
purchases were made or authorized to be made
by Mr. Burleigh, then the Indian agent there,
in New York and St. Louis, and a balance of
about eight thousand dollars was placed at the
disposal of the commission. The commission
proceeded to Fort Sully, and remained there
for sometime, holding conferences with vax-ious
Indian tribes who were able to get there at that
time.
About October thoy made a report of the
