4046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
people had let him eouie in, I should vote to
pay him -when I turned him out. If my friend
from Illinois who was here before me let him
in, when I sent him away I should give him
his compensation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would neither let him
in, nor pay him when he got in, and I would
jaot pay these officers or these persons who
claim to ,be officers. They are not entitled to
it in any sense. There were not officers. They
were ineligible; they could not be appointed.
They are neither entitled to hold the office nor
to receive its emoluments. And this evening
the Senator from Michigan says there are very
few of these persons now holding office.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said I did not know
there was one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And subsequently did
not know there was one, and yet the commit-
tee is not advised whether there is one or not.
I do not know how it is. It is enough for me
to know that there can be no officer who re-
fuses to take this oath, and there can be no
person entitled to receive the emoluments of
office who refuses to take it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois
quotes to us the law. We all know what that
law is. The Secretary of the Treasury knew
when he made these appointments what the
law was. I know furEher that some of the best
men of the country wrote repeatedly to the
Secretary of the Treasury against these ap-
pointments, told the Secretary that Congress
would not repeal this oath; but the Secretary
believed that the Administration was to have
a controlling influence in both Houses of Con-
gress, and this act was to be repealed; and the
persons selected to collect the revenue were
given to understand that the law quoted here
to-night was to be repealed promptly by Con-
gress. They accepted the appointments given
tliem in that belief: they have discharged their
duties, as far as I know, with ability; and while
I condemn the act of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as a willful violation of the law of the
country, I do not think these persons selected
by him ought to be punished for acting accord-
ing to the understanding they had with the
Government when they were appointed. I
believe there were loyal persons enough in the
disloyal States to fill these offices had they
been sought for. But it is a well-known fact,
clear to the observation of everybody, that per-
sons who were loyal have been regarded very
much since the war, by the Secretary of the
Treasury especially, as they were regarded by
the rebels during the war, as a sort of inferior
portion of the southern people. All the blame
in this matter belongs to one man, and one
man only, and that man is the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, who deliber-
ately acted against the advice of some of the
best men of the country.
I think that we ought to pass this bill, that we
ought to pay these persons, and they ought to go
out of the service, those who have not already
gone out, and that men who can take the oath
ought to be selected to perform these duties.
If they live in these States, select them there;
if they do not live there, then select men from
other portions of the country to perform the
duty. It is well known, clear to the compre-
hension of every one in this country, that every
one of these States has been put completely
under llio control and in the hands of rebels,
and the great, struggle is to keep them there,
and no man in the country has gone so far and
has acted so persistently in that course as the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States.
He comes here now, and finding that he can-
not obtain the repeal of this act—and if he had
had any political intelligence or sagacity he
would have known that before Congress met—
he asks us to pay the persons he has appointed
to office who have faithfully discharged their
duties. I am for paying them. I do not think
they are to blame. I think we ought to pass
the resolution and that these persons ought to
be paid and those who have not gone out ought
to go out of the service, and let the responsi-
bility of this action rest where it belongs, upon
the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States. I am for the measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose they do not
go out.
Mr. WILSON. We will get them out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the joint resolution until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
dismal swamp canal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House joint resolu-
tion No. 178, was laid over until to-morrow.
The Senator from Vermont withdraws his ob-
jection to that resolution.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now withdraw my mo-
tion to postpone until to-morrow, so that the
resolution may be before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 178) in reference to the
Dismal Swamp Canal Company is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state in a word for
the information of the Senate that I am in-
formed credibly that the United States own a
few hundred shares of stock in this company
which were subscribed for the purpose of aid-
ing a public work, and that the State of Vir-
ginia owns some of the stock, and possibly
some other State; that the canal is also under
a mortgage, and that it is necessary in order to
keep it open to the public that this stock should
be in some way consolidated and disposed of
to prevent its going into private hands and to
prevent the canal being closed in the interest
of a rival company. I think that is a satisfac-
tory reason for passing the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordpred to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
kansas and neosiio valley railroad.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk,
requesting the Senate to return to the House
the bill (S. No. 285) granting lands to the State
of Kansas to aid in the construction of the
Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad and its
extension to Red river, in order that a correc-
tion might be made in the message announcing
the amendments of the House to the said bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider the mes-
sage of the House of Representatives, and it was
Ordered, That the Secretary return to the House
of Representatives the bill (S. No. 285) granting lands
to the State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad and its ex-
tension to Red river, with the amendments of the
House thereto as requested by it.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
737, the miscellaneous appropriation bill, for
the purpose of leaving it as the unfinished busi-
ness for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to take the floor
on that bill, as when it comes up to-morrow
I desire to move some amendments to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to move an ad-
journment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I give way to that
motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 23, I860.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. M. French.
On motion of Mr. PRICE the reading of the
Jorirnal was dispensed with.
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the calling of the committees for re-
ports to go upon the Calendar, and not to be
brought back into the House by a motion- to
reconsider.
No reports were made.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business
in order the calling of the States for resolu-
tions in the inverse order, commencing with
the State of Kentucky, where the call rested
last Monday.
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I offer the
following resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman offered
one resolution on Monday last, and it requires
unanimous consent to offer another.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the committee on reconstruction
be required to report to this IIouko whether any part
of the $10,000 heretofore appropriated for the use of
said committee has been paid out or expended, and
if so, for what purpose and to whom paid, exhibiting
11 the vouchers for each payment or expenditure.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution, and I will state that all
money expended has been expended by the
officers of the Senate entirely. The officers
of the House have expended no part of it.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I did not
know hut that the committee might want some
more money, and I thought it would be noth-
ing but proper to give the Secretary of the
Treasury notice.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to the resolution.
Mr. RITTER. I now offer the same reso-
lution as was offered by my colleague; and I
call the previous question upon it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the committee on reconstruction be
required to report to the House whether any part of
the $10,000 heretofore appropriated for the use of said
committee has been paid out and expended, and if
so, for what purposes and to whom paid, exhibiting
all the vouchers for each payment and expenditure.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Is that offered under the
call of States for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is debate
in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Then I ob-
ject to debate.
Mr. RITTER. I ask foretellers on the de-
mand for the previous question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to debate
the resolution.
The resolution giving rise to debate, went
over under the rule.
IMPORTED WOOL.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill to provide
increased revenue from imported wool, and for
other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ANCONA. Does not that bill go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Any bill proposing in-
creased taxation must go to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
during the morning hour.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BINGHAM entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred ;
which was passed over for the present.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask leave to
print a few remarks upon that bill.
No objection was made, and the leave was
granted. [His remarks will be published in
the Appendix.]
hours of meeting.
Mr. DELANO submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That during this week the House will
meet at eleven o'clock a. m., and will take a recess
