1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ing eleven States of any share in the councils of
the nation until Congress shall have declared
such States entitled to representation. By the
terms of this resolution, the Senate and House
must concur as to the qualifications of Senators
and Representatives. This rule is in direct
opposition to the Constitution, which provides
that—
"Eacli Houso shall be the judjo of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
This action is in effect disunion. Disguise it
as yOu may by urging the anomalous condition
of these States; palliate it by the plea of neces-
sity ; insist tlpon it as a consequence of treason
and rebellion, still this resolution will forever
he upon record as a declaration of the Ameri-
can Congress severing the only ligament whioli
bound these States to the Union.
What is the tie which links these States to-
gether? What is the bond of Union ? 1 answer,
the Constitution of the United States, which
fives to each State the right of representation.
Vithont a guarantee of this right there never
would have been a ratification of it. Before its
adoption there was no "perfect Union." in
the language of the Articles of Confederation,
"Each State retained its sovereignty,freedom, and
independence."
The Constitution made one harmonious whole
out of thirteen separate, independent States.
Each now State has been admitted coequal
with them, with well-defined and amply secured
rights written in the bond. J5y virtue of this
instrument the States are members of the
Union, and deiive all their lights and powers
in the Union from it. Their functions as
States in the Union are regulated by it; there-
fore they cannot, exist for a day or an hour as
States of the Union without the sanction of the
Constitution. In cases of contract, where cer-
tain rights are secured by stipulations in the
bond, if either force or fraud should be used
to divest such rights, every honest judge in the
land would enforce the contract, and punish
the dishonest attempt to violate it. 1 tights are
not lost unless the instrument is canceled.
Neither are the rights of States, contained in
express provisions of the Constitution, '* lost
or forfeited," so long as the Constitution shall
live. Has it been overthrown? Not by the
rebellion. War was waged upon our part to
maintain it. It has been trampled upon and
disregarded by a portion of the people when
frenzy raged. Armed hosts assailed it, seces-
sion attempted to undermine its (inn founda-
tions, men blind w lib fury spurned it. Yet,
like a thing of life, endued with perpetual ex-
istence, it has wilhslood the shock of battle,
and is still the supreme law of the land. The
Constitution having been saved, the Slates are
saved with it. The salvation of the one is the
salvation of the other. You cannot separate
the one from the other, anil preserve either in
their integrity. Secession has failed, armed
rebellion lias failed seriously to impair the vi-
tality of the great charter of American freedom.
Shall the future historian record the fact that
the wild dreams of the theorist and the, base
passion of party defaced the sacred instrument
which had survived the most wok-nt civil com-
motion which ever convulsed the world ? Sir,
the Constitution still lives, an enduring monu-
ment to the wisdom of our fathers, which will
rise higher and higher until it shall shadow all
the land. It may be set aside here ; attempts
to amend it may succeed here; yet the people
will open their hearts to receive it, and will
guard it from injuiy and overthrow. They
will love it and cherish it,; for all the grand
glories of the past gather round it. and a bright
and hopeful future awaits it.
The States are vital to the Union. They are
united together by a Federal compact, and thus
forma supreme national (Government, acting
not only upon the States as members of the
Union, but upon all the people in their individ-
ual and corporate capacities. Though subor-
dinate to the sovereignty of the nation, they
are necessary to its existence. They may live
without the Federal Government; butit cannot
live without their sustaining power. The con-
tinuance of each department of the Govern-
ment depends upon the action of the States.
Abolish them, and the corner-stone of the build-
ing is removed. If a part of the States can be
reduced to Territories as a punishment for re-
bellion, where is the limitation ? As well may
any refractory member be reduced to a terri-
torial condition for slighter offense, if the nu-
merical and physical power exists. Any act of
legislation declaring the States Territories or
conquered provinces violates the Constitution,
because it recognizes all which have been ad-
mitted into the Union as States with equality of
rights. Such an act would make a centralized
despotism, as odious and oppressive and dan-
gerous to the liberties of the people as success-
ful secession. The States and the Union must
stand together, or the Union will vanish and
become—
"A school-boy's tale,
The wonder of an hour."
Lot no unholy hand seek to disrobe the
States of their powers, and east them, naked
and shivering, out of the Union. Kather let
us admit their rights and reelasp them to our
hearts.
Chief Justice Marshall, in speaking of the
States, said:
f "These States arc constituent parts of the United
States. They are members of one great empire."—
ti Wheaton, 2(3!,
I assume, therefore, that they are elemental
parts of the Union, as necessary to its life and
vigor and power as the soul is to the body.
Sever the ties that bind the one to the other,
and the Union will become a ghastly corpse, for
"soul is wanting there." Yon cannot make
them ''defunct" States or States with "lost
powers." Their proper habitation is in the
Union. The States and the Union coexist. You
cannot and dare not drive them outor shut the
door against them unless you blot out the bright-
est page in the history of man, and darken for-
ever the light, of hope which is dawning upon
us. When the people of these States yield a
willing obedience to the Constitution and laws
of the Union they have a right, through their
representatives in Congress, to say to you, in
the language of the noble Clay:
"T am in the Union, and T am for staying within
(he Union, and defy inir any portion of the confederacy
to expel me or drive me troni tile Union."
The States are not only refused represen-
tation, but they are to be denied the right, of
local government. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Siiuu.abatunir*] said:
"Such Slates [the seceded Stalest and their people
ceased to have any of t tie lights or pow ers ol frovern-
incut, hs States m Hie Union; ami tins loss of the
lights and poweis ot fro\ eianient wits such that the
United States may ami on^'llt to assume and exercise
the local powers of the lobt State jso\eiiuueuts."
This is only clothing ill ditl'erent language
the dogma that the States derive their local
powers of govctnnicnt from the Union. In an
opinion of the Supreme Court, of the United
States, Chief Justice Marshall said:
"The several States which composed the TTnion, so
far at least as rewarded their municipal regulations,
became entitled, from tlic tune when they declared
themselves independent, to all the rights and poweis
of M.vereip-n States: and they did not derive them
from concessions mfide by the British kmc-. The
treiitj ol peace contains a recognition ot their inde-
pendence, not a slant of it."
This independence, this right to make, then-
own municipal regulations, they have never
SiUirendercd. it is a right higher and more
sacred than any which kings and parliaments
and congresses can grant. It is a right given
by Cod to man, sanctified by the blood of our
fathers, and handed down to us for preserva-
tion. Any infringement upon it is an act of
stern despotism, which will meet with the re-
buke of free men every where.
Have these States "lost their constitutional
relations to the Union," or are they "out of
the Union," or arc they '"outside and dcfunct
States." in the language of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens?] If the rebel-
lion had been successful they would not form a
part of tha Union. It did not succeed. Gigan-
tic as it was, it has been crushed. We kept
them in the Union, and therefore they have
never been out, either in fact or in law. They
levied armies to resist laws to which they were
alike subject with us. They contemned the
authority of the common Government, and did
not, for a time, cooperate with us in the enact-
ment and administration ofthe laws. We com-
pelled the fulfillment of their duties, enforced
the law and obedience to the Constitution.
Their acts could never take them out of the
Union without our consent, unless success
crowned their efforts. Only a part of the
people forfeited their rights by rebellion and
crime if the law was enforced. If there are
forfeitures by operation of law, and without
trial, the clemency of the Executive, by gen-
eral amnesty anil special pardon, has remitted
them. Before the rebellion these States had
rights in the Union. During the war they
tailed, and refused to exercise them. Such
failure and refusal did not make them "de-
funct States;" or take from them their consti-
tutional rights.
Upon no principle of law or reason does the
neglect or refusal to enjoy or use a right neces-
sarily deprive j'ou of it. Unless barred by lapse
of time, or changed circumstances utterly pre-
vent its exercise, a right is continuing. The
rights of the States are not barred by time. No
altered condition of things can prevent or ren-
der unnecessary the exetcise of them, except
a complete change of Government. The war
has ceased; the people are willing to obey the
laws, and adapt themselves to the new state of
things. The Constitution resumes its sway, and
the States resume their functions in the Union.
Unless this be so the southern people are mere
serfs; and while you claim the honor of hav-
ing freed four million slates, history will award
to you the infamy of ha\ ing enslaved six million
freemen.
Subjugation is claimed as a result, of the war.
The gentleman from Pennsj lvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] has informed us—
"That the late confederate States are out of tlio
Union to all intents and purposes lor which thecon-
querormay choose so to consider them."
The war was commenced to preserve the
Union and the equality and rights of the States
unimpaired. Now it is over, you insist upon a
destruction of these rights and the confiscation
of private property, liven in the midst of war
the rights of war are to be measured by the ob-
ject ofthe war. Since the example of William
of Xormandyiu the conquest of Kngland, no
such rights of conquest have been demanded
among the civilized nations of Christendom.
During a warit is not only a right, it is humane
and a necessity, to resort to stringent meas-
ures, and sometimes to desolate the enemy's
country; but when the battle has ended, pri-
vate rights and private property should always
be respected. The southern Stales insisted
upon the right of secession. We denied it by the
authority of the Constitution, which prohibits
them from keeping troops or ships of war in
time of peace, entering into any compact with
a foreign I'owcr, or engaging in war unless in-
vaded or in imminent danger of invasion. By
virtue of the same Constitution we raised armies
to prevent a separation; and it protects the
citizen in his property, of which he cannot ba
deprived without due course of legal proceed-
ings, and as a punishment for crime.
in vindication of this monstrous doctrine
of confiscation the void ordinances of seces-
sion are presented. This plea of estoppel is a
most unfortunate one. Lord Kenyon said:
''Estoppels are not to be favored, because the
tendency of them is to prevent the investiga-
tion of truth." Is the plea made to smother
investigation, to cover up the past, and thus
conceal the mad fanaticism which afforded a
pretext for the rebellion? This is its general
design and office. But there were two parties
to the record. The seceded States were one, and
the United States the other. It is laid down
in the books that an "estoppel is reciprocal,
and binds both parties and their privies." If,
