1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
308?
result of their"visit which will be found on page
537 of the Report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs. The general result was that they
found a great desire among the Indian tribes
for peace. There was only one exception, the
Sioux of the Missouri. But they concluded
treaties with nine separate tribes, a portion of
them being fully represented, and two or three
others represented only in part.
They recommended that the commission
should be divided and authorized to proceed
during this present season to the upper Mis-
souri and the Platte rivers, to complete the
work they had commenced and partially com-
pleted. They found the Indians with whom
they did not make treaties quite willing to re-
main at peace with the United States; and
they were willing to protect the right of way
both for the telegraph and the overland mail,
but they found them entirely averse to enter-
ing into stipulations for their own removal from
the territory they occupied. They, therefore,
did not press that point.
The commission was accordingly divided
and proceeded early in the present season to
meet a portion of these Indians on the upper
Missouri and the remainder at Fort Laramie,
on the Platte river. The commission is now
engaged in these negotiations. It is believed
by the department that the use of this money
by the commission and by the agencies will
restore peace to the whole western portion of
our country. "We all know how expensive In-
dian wars are, and how unsatisfactory. The
object of this appropriation is to enable the
commission to go forward to the conclusion
of the treaties.
I have before me letters from Governor Ed-
munds of Dakota Territory strongly recom-
mending the prosecution of these negotiations,
together with letters from General Curtis,
Superintendent Taylor and others, on the same
subject. I have also a detailed statement made
out by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs of
the particular sums which are wanted, and the
particular objects for which those sums are to
beexpended. This subject has been examined
by the Committee on Appropriations, and they
recommend to this House a concurrence with
the Senate in this joint resolution.
These are the leading facts of the case. I
do not suppose there is any desire to have this
subject debated any further, and if not I will
call the previous question.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask my colleague
[Mr. Raymond] if we are to understand that
the Committee on Appropriations sanction and
desire to see carried into effect the provisions
of these treaties with these Indians.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not suppose the
Committee on Appropriations have anything to
do with that subject. That is a subject for the
consideration of the Senate when the treaties
come before that body for ratilieation. These
treaties have now been ratified, and are now
binding upon these Indians. The only question
now is as to the propriety of making an appro-
priation for the purpose of carrying forward
negotiations to perfect treaties where they need
perfecting, and at any rate concluding negotia-
tions on that subject.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond] yield to me for a
few minutes?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr.' BURLEIGH. I understood the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] to say
that these bands of Indians were fully repre-
sented at the time these treaties were made.
Now, I hold in my hand a copy of these trea-
ties, which purport to have been made in the
fall of 1865 between the commissioners on the
part of the United States and these Indian
bands. And I find that the Ogalala band of
Indians, numbering some twenty-one hundred
souls, were represented only by three irre-
sponsible individuals who were present and
claimed to be empowered to conclude negotia-
tions on the part of their tribes. And these
commissioners sent down that instrument,
made under such circumstances, as a treaty
negotiated in good faith to be ratified by the
Senate.
Now, I know, and my constituents know, that
these Indians, long after these treaties profess
to have been signed, have been engaged in
robbery and in murder of the citizens of Da-
kota. Now, when instruments of this charac-
ter are sent here and styled treaties, and ap-
propriations are asked to carry their provisions
into effect and to make others like tliem, I ask
the House to examine them and see what they
are. Now, I ask the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond,] who I know is a good
lawyer, to tell me what a treaty is.
There are three or four articles in these trea-
ties which I will not enumerate. But this treaty
which purports to have been made with the
Ogalala band, but which was only made with
three irresponsible individuals of the tribe,
does not profess to have acquired a single acre
of land or a single right of any kind but the
simple right of way. In that treaty I find an
article which 1 believe is contained in all these
treaties. After going on to bind these Indians
in certain respects, it provides as follows:
"Akt. G. Any amendment or modification of this
treaty by tho Senate of the United States shall be
considered final and binding upon tho said band
represented in council as a part of this treaty, in tile
same manner as if it had been subsequently pre-
sented and agreed to by the chiefs and liead-men of
said band."
Now, I undertake to say that no such article
has ever before been placed in any such treaty
and sent here for ratification by the Senate.
And while I am as anxious as any man can bo
to secure peace on our frontiers, 1 protest most
solemnly against any such sham treaties as
these, for they will not bring peace to our
borders or protection to the lives and property
of ourpeoplo. And if these men have been sent
up there for any such purpose, and have already
expended any part of this money for this pur-
pose, I think it is high time they should be
recalled, and that this money should be with-
held until wo can negotiate treaties which will
accomplish the results we so much desire. I
desire to have treaties made; but I do not
want sham negotiations of this kind.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, the Dele-
gate from Dakota has made two points in ref-
erence to this matter. One is that the treaties
concluded are not good treaties. The other is
that a portion of' the tribes said to have been
represented in tho negotiation of these treaties
were only partially represented. Now, sir, as
to the first point, I submit that we have noth-
ing to do with it. That question was consid-
ered by the Senate when these treaties were
before that body for ratilieation. The Senate
has ratified those treaties, after a full exami-
nation of the case, and after having heard, I
believe, from the gentleman from Dakota the
objections which he had to make to those trea-
ties. That closes that matter.
It may be, sir, that the character of the trea-
ties concluded with the Indians by our Govern-
ment is not what it should lie. 1 have myself
great doubts as to the whole policy of our deal-
ing with the Indian tribes. 1 think that it
might be very much reformed, that it might be
improved in many respects. But this is not
the time to consider that question ; nor is it
worth our while to postpone an appropriation
of this sort in the hope that we may at some
time or other get a better general system of
dealing with the Indians. If these treaties are
not concluded now the war must go on, involv-
ing an expenditure of five or six million dollars
annually.
Now, sir, in regard to tho representation of
these tribes in the conference held at Fort Sully,
I stated in my previous remarks that of these
nine tribes a portion were fully represented
and a portion partially represented.
Mr. BURLEIGH. How fully ?
Mr. RAYMOND. T do not know how fully.
I do not know what a full representation of
an Indian tribe is. But I will read what the
commissioners say upon this very point. They
first state the provisions of the treaty:
"A treaty was finally signed on tho 10th October, in
which the band recognized the exclusive jurisdiction
of tho United States; obligated themselves to eeaso
all hostilities, not only against our Government and
people, but against other bands or tribes of Indians;
to use their intluence, and, if requisite, physical foroe,
to prevent other bands from molesting the persons
and property ofthewhites; to withdx'awf'rom all over-
land routes established or to bo hereafter established
through their country; and not to perpetrate or per-
mit any injuries to travelers thereon."
The commissioners then say:
" Treaties incorporating like provisions, and, when
practicable, articles for the aid and encouragement
of individuals or portions of the bands, or of tho
bands themselves, in locating them upon reservations
and engaging them in agricultural or other kindred
labor, wero subsequently concluded with the Lower
Brules, Two Kettles, and Blackfoet, all important
branches of the Teton Sioux, numbering in the ag-
gregate six hundred lodges, or thirty-six hundred
souls, fully represented."
. This is tho language of the commissioners.
They continue :
"With tlie Lower Yanktonais, who inhabit ille
great prairies east of tho Missouri, and who claim
two hundred and seventy lodges, or sixteon hundred
souls, (leaving out one hundred lodges not represented
in council;) and with portions of the Etah-ye-cho or
Sans Arcs, tlieUncpapas, and tho Ogalalas, onlypar-
tiaily represented by chiefs and licad-mcn. The great
majority of the last-mentioned subdivisions, and
many of the warriors of the other bands treated with,
have been among those most hostile to the whites.
This is what was done at Fort Sully. Here-
is what, according to the commission, is needed
to be done this summer:
"There still remain to be reached, of tho Dakotas
or Sioux, ono or two entire bands, and such parts
of others as did not make their appearance in coun-
cil by their immediate representatives. The mes-
sages sent to them, and also to tho Cheycnnes and
Arapahoes, through various sources, by the commis-
sioners, will prepare them for such future proposi-
tions as you may see fit to authorize. The under-
signed respectfully recommend a division of tho
present or the appointment of two new commissions
to visit the Fort Laramie region and the upper Mis-
souri simultaneously, as early in tho coming spring
as practicable. It will be physically impossible for
a single commission, in the same season, to visit and
treat with the many bands and tribes embraced in
your programme of instructions and to secure the
overland route and that by tho Missouri river from
annoyance by Indians. Negotiationsshould be com-
menced with the savages infesting these great high-
ways without unavoidable delay. Tho commission
should bo en route to their respective fields of opera-
tion not later than the month of May next."
The very object of this new commission, or
ratherthis new mission, is to complete what was
left unfinished, to secure afull representation of
such tribes as were then partially represented.
The object of this commission is to complete
the work which the gentleman from Dakota says
is now uncompleted, and therefore ought not
to be completed, according to his argument.
Now, sir, this is the whole object of tho com-
mission. I do not see any ground, any sub-
stantial reason in anything that the gentleman
from Dakota has said, why this appropriation
should not now be made.
The gentleman from Iowa desires to make
some remarks, and I yield to him for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BURLEIGII. The gentleman says that
the Indians were fully represented and the
treaties were completed. I ask whether the
treaties sent into the Senate, and which have
been confirmed, were not those made when the
Indians were not fully represented and which
of course are not complete.
Mr. RAYMOND. I refer the gentleman to
the Senate on that point. They are not before
the House in any shape.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
was present when most of the treaties referred
to were made, and it is therefore, perhaps,
proper I should say something in regard to
them. I can say from my own personal knowl-
edge that the charges made by the gentleman
from Dakota against the commissioners as well
as against those treaties are without foundation.
I "only qualify my statement, that so far as
the treaty with the Ogalalas is concerned, I
perhaps was not present when it was signed.
With that exception, and one or two other3,
I was present at the time negotiations were
entered upon and at the time they were con-
cluded ; and I ean say from my own personal
knowledge that those Indian bands were fully
and properly represented in these negotiations.
When I say they were fully and properly rep-
resented, I mean to say thoy wero represented
