1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
therefore, the record bars the late "confed-
erate^ States," it is equally obligatory upon
the United States. If they have no rights in
the Union, then by the same record we are
estopped from any interference with them. The
true position is, that the record was made before
a tribunal having no jurisdiction, and that all
ordinances of secession are null and void be-
cause in conflict with the supreme law.
The status of the States lately in rebellion, in
a legal and constitutional sense and not in fact,
is the question. During the late war the legis-
lative and executive departments of the Gov-
ernment recognized these States as States. Mr.
Lincoln, in his first inaugural address, declared
thai :; The right of each State to order and con-
trol its own domestic institutions accoidiug to
its own judgment exclusively is essential to the
balance of power on which the perfection and
endurance of our political fabric depends." In
his first message, on tlie 4th of .July, 1 Sol, he
said that after the suppression of the rebellion
he would "probably have no different under-
standing of the powers and duties of the Fed-
eral Government, relatively to the rights of the
States and the people under the Constitution
than that expressed in the inaugural address."
] n a debate on the Army hill in the Senate on
the 1 Slh of July, Senator Sherman said that the
war was " not to be waged for the purpose of
subjugating any Stale or to interfere with the
social or domestic institutions of any State; it
was to preserve this Union, to maintain the
Constitution as it is in all its clauses, in all its
guarantees, without change or limitation." In
that, dark hour after the battle of Bull Run.
when the fate of the nation and its capital hung
suspended by a thread, and when impending
danger made men sincere and honest, the fol-
lowing resolution was offered, on the 22d of July,
ISul, in the House of Representatives, by the
venerable and lamented John J. Chittenden ;
" llctohpd. That tho present ileplorablo civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disnmomsts
of the southern .Stales,now in arms against the con-
stitutional lloyeninicntand maims around the cap-
ital; th.it in thio national emergency Coiisio?, ban-
ishing all leelmis of merepassion or re^euiment. will
recollect only it^dui v to the whole country; that this
war is not wafted on their par Lin any spirit ot oppres-
sion, or mr any purpose of cwniiuest or subjuffati-m,
orptupose ol overthrowing or interfering with the
rights or established institutions of those States, but
to defend and maintain the supicmacyof tbe Consti-
tution and to pi e^erve the Troon with all 1 he dnrnii y,
equality, and rights of the several State? uinmpai red;
and that as soon ast'iiece objects areaccomphthedlhe
war ou^ht to cease."
The resolution was adopted with only two
dissenting \otes. This was a solemn promise
made in the hour of trial and of gloom. The
country relied upon it and acted upon it. Our
honor and our manhood and our triumph de-
mand its fulfillment. The time has come when
this resolution says "the war ought to cease."
Then, in the name of liberty and of Union, let
it cease.
On the Sth of August,, 1801. the Secretary of
War wrote to.General Butler as follows;
"It is the desire of the President, that all existing
rights in all the States be fully respected and main-
tained. The war now prosecuted on the part of the
Federal Government is a war for the Futon and for
tbe presei'vationofall constitutional rightsof States."
In December, 18G2, after nearly two years of
war, and after the establishment, of a de facto
government in the late *' confederate States,"
when urging upon the attention of Congress an
amendment of the Constitution providing for
the gradual emancipation of slavery, Mr. Lin-
coln said:
"The planis proposed aspermanent constitutional
law. It cannot become such without the concurrence of
two thiids of Congress and throe fourths of the States.
The requisite three fourths of tlie States will neces-
sarily include seven of the slave States."
During the Thirty-Eighth Congress a joint
resolution was adopted, proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution abolishing slavery.
On the 18th of December, 18C5, Secretary Sew-
ard officially announced the ratification of the
amendment by the requisite number of States
and included in the number the States of Vir-
ginia, Louisiana, Tennesee, Aikansas, South
Carolina, Alabama, North Carolina, and Geor-
gia. They have exercised the highest function
belonging to a State in the Union. They can
change ttic supreme law, and yet are denied
representation here to aid in ordinary legisla-
tion.
In 18(53 Mr. Lincoln proposed a plan for the
establishment ofloyal State governments in the
States then in rebellion, and used the follow-
ing language;
"And it is suggested as not improper that, in con-
structing loyal State governments in any State, the
name of the State, the boundary, the subdivisions,
the constitutions, and the general code of the laws,
as before the rebellion, be maintained subject only to
the modifications made necessary by the conditions
hereinbefore stated."
These were the abolition of slavery and tak-
ing an oath to support, protect, and defend the
Constitution and abide by all laws and procla-
mations with reference to slaves, so far as not
modified or declared voidby the Supreme Court.
He adhered to this plan to the day of his
death. In liis last public utterance, only throe
days before his assassination, in reference to
it, he said:
" This plan was submitted to the then Cabinet and
approved by every member of it."
At the same time he declared the question
as to whether the States were in or out of the
Union to be a " pernicious abstraction."
From the commencement to the close of the
war, the exec alive department of the Govern-
ment committed itself and the country against
this idea of "defunct States." Loyal men
South, as well as North, were thus encouraged,
and their sympathies enlisted against the re-
bellion. Evenhanded justice, if no higher in-
centive, commends this policy now as well as
then.
Tlie legislative as well as the executive de-
partment of the Government presents an im-
passable barrier against this intended inroad
upon the rights of the States.
On the fith of August. 18'il, after the organ-
ization of a government in the "confederate
Slates," and in the midst of the war, Congress
passed an act to provide lor raising revenue.
In that act a direct tax of $20,()U0,0!)0 was
imposed upon the United States. In the ap-
portionment of this lax, the law uses the fol-
lowing language as to the seceded States:
To the State of
Virginia GG
North Carolina  fob,ltd bG
South Carolina  on.;,."TO of)
(ieoitna   f'St^ST
Alabama   23
Missi^-ippi     41 181 6G
Louisiana      oSo.SS<5 60
Tennessee  60ivJ9s 00
Arkansas ,   00
Honda  7T.S22 BG
Texas     &S5,10G GO
livery provision of law for riising a revenue
is enforced in these States to-day. Stamp du-
ties and income duties are imposed upon the
people. The t ax-gatherers of tho Federal Gov-
ernment are there exacting taxes from an un-
represented people. Section second of article
one. of (he Constitution provides that— j,
" r.epresentat'ives and direct taxo shall be appor- i
tioncd ar.ionpc the several States which may be in- !
eluded withm tliis Ciiioii, accordm;? to Ihetrrespec- '
tive numbers," and that, "each State shall have at j
least one Representative." J
I grant that a State refusing to send Ropre- ;
sentativos may bo taxed by the majority of rhe |
States. But when Representatives have been li
eho«en and ask admission into our councils 'j
and it, i« denied, there is no right of taxation. jj
To impose burdens in such case is in violation ;|
ofthe Constitution and of every principle offrec i|
government. It is a usurpation and a crime. |i
The action of Congress during the war in !|
the recognition of these States as members of d
the Union has been uniform. A law was passed jl
on the 4th of March, 18*>U. declaring that the !|
number of members of the House of Repre- h
sentativos of Congress should be two hundred !
and forty-one after the 3d of March, 1803. Of ;
this number fifty-seven members were assigned j
to the seceded States. We have here only one j
hundred and eighty-four. Whore are the fifty- j
seven? They are knocking at the door, and j
you refuse them not only admission as mem- j
bers, but the common courtesy_ of seats in this
Hall to listen to your deliberations. I
During the war Senators from the -State, of
a part of the legislative body of the country.
Ports of entry were estal dished in some of-
these States, and judges, marshals, and district,
attorneys were appointed, with the eonseatof
the Senate, while the war was raging.
L will quote in this connection from a letter
of a man tried and true and who nobly bat-
tled in his country's cause. General Sher*.
man, in a letter dated Savannah, January 8,-
1865, said:
"Georgia is not out of the Union, and therefore tho
talk of reconstruction appears to mo inapplicable.
Sly opinion is tliatno negotiations are necessary, nor
commissions, nor conventions, nor anything of the
kind. Wheneverthe people of Georgiaquitrebolling
against their (xovernment, then the State of Georgia
will have resumed her functions in the Union." "
The record, therefore, is against the position
that the seceded States were or are out of
the Union, in any sense or for any purpose.
Executive message and proclamation and leg-
islative enactment all concur in pronouncing
it false in theory and in fact. We are pro-
eluded by the record, and a denial now of rep-
resentation is an attack upon the opinion of
the late President, stultifies tho action of the
Republican party, and involves it in a dark
labyrinth of inconsistency from which there is
no escape but in base dishonor.
Let me recur to the assumption that these
States are "conquered territory." Four of
thcra aided in the formation of the Constitu-
tion ; then ratified it and became members of
the Union. All the others had been admitted
as coequal States. We had purchased the ter-
ritory of a number of them. The Constitu-
tion was and is the shield to protect them.
Every assault upon them is a eo", ert assault
upon the Constitution. In what sense are we
conquerors with tbe rights of conquest? Wo
have conquered the rebellion, but our conquest
goes not one step beyond. Before the war the
territory was our territory; it is ottr territory
now. The people were and are now & part
of this great nation. But gentlemen say, "Wo
treated them as belligerents during the war,
and therefore they have become to us as a for-
eign people, as alien enemies." Tho late Pres-
ident and his Administration, moved by tho
noblest promptings of mercy and humanity,
recognized the people in arms against the Gov-
ernment as belligerents, as an enemy carrying
on a war. This recognition did not make them
a foreign people. The legitimate purpose of
the war, the suppression of the rebellion and
the preservation of the Union and the States,
was not thereby defeated. The only object
was to mitigate the evils of the war. Even if
the rebellion could properly bo called a revo-
lution, it was only an internal revolution.
Wheaton says;
" A State, a.i to the individual members of Which it is
composed, is a, tluctuatmg body, of which the exist-
ence is pel pelually kept up by a constant succession
ol new members. This existence continues until it is
interrupted bysomo ohanpo affecting the being of the
State. If thisehaiiije be an internal revolution, merely
altering thbimniicipal constitution, the Stato remains
tbe suae. It neither loses any of its rights, nor is
discharged from any of its obligations."
The rebellion did not rise to the dignity of a
revolution. Success alone could have stamped
it a revolution. The insurrection having failed,
the States remain tho same.
Even if the rights of conquest existed, that
spirit of manhood and of true courage which
evrr prompts mercy to a fallen foe bids pas-
sion and hatred stay their work. But incasea
of conquest the Supreme Court of the United
States has said:
"It is very unusual, even in cases of conquest, for
tho conqueror to do more than displace the sovereign
and assume dominion over thocountry. lhe modern
usaoo of nations, which has become law, would be
violated; that .sense of justice and of risht which is
acknowledged and felt by tho whole civilized world
would be outraged if private propeity should be con-
fiscated and private rights annulled."—7 Peters.
Notwithstanding this opinion of the highest
tribunal in the country, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] proposes a most
nefarious scheme of confiscation, which would
