1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&M
there are other claims which come with more
force from other classes of men.
I trust that this measure will be permitted to
go to the committee, and that we may have
more lime to consider it.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, I desire briefly
to answer the suggestions made by the gentle-
man who last addressed the House. I will say
before proceeding to do so, however, that this
bill came from the Senate on Monday last
when I was accidentally absent from the city,
nor was I present when it was investigated by
the committee of this House; but I have in-
vestigated it since. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellahauger] refers to the fact that
there are eleven thousand disloyal Indians who
have been engaged in the rebel service, and
that an appeal is madeto us to afford them re-
lief while our own soldiers are unprovided for.
I admit that without some explanation the gen-
tleman would make a strong case.
I desire to state with reference to these In-
dians that there are circumstances which take
"them out of the general rule, which would seem
to make us provide for all who are in a destitute
condition. These Indians are held substantially
as prisoners of war. There are nineteen thou-
sand loyal Indians as well as eleven thousand
disloyal Indians in that condition; and as my
authority, I refer to a communication from an
officer of the subsistence department of the
Army. He says that these Indians have been
captured and taken to that reservation, and are
held in tho light of prisoners of war, and that
as sueli they have been subsisted by the subsist-
ence department. He says further, that for the
purpose of having them more readily provided
for they have been turned over to the Interior
Department.
The fact is that these Indians were taken to
that reservation under guard, and have been
held as prisoners of war under guard of United
States forces. If we wish to repeat against them
the horrors of Andersonville prison, then let
this bill go over for three or four weeks. If gen-
tlemen do not desire to relieve our prisoners of
war because imputations are cast upon Indian
officials; if wo wish to fail to do justice in this
matter, let us postpone this matter. But I think
we will prefer to do justice and take it up at
once and pass it.
I have no objection to the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, but I do object to throw-
ing this resolution over for a month.
So far as these imputations of fraud are con-
cerned, I do not know how much truth there
may be in them; but I do know this, or at least
I believe it, that if St. Paul were to comedown
and accept the office of tho Secretary of the In-
terior, he would be accused of stealing in less
than three months afterward. I believe that
the present Secretary of the Interior and Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs are as good men as
arc in the country; and we take this resolution
upon theirrecommendations,and facts furnished
by their agents, who are deemed reliable. I
do not think that these Indians should be per-
mitted to starve because charges of fraud are
made against certain officials.
Mr. MORRILL. This is a very large claim,
and I trust tho House will not begin bypassing
upon a bill appropriating $500,000 for Indian
affairs, without a proper examination. I know
of no subjects in this House, so far as my ex-
perience goes, which will better bear examina-
tion or endure more pruning than appropria-
tions for Indian affairs..
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if an examination by tho Secretary of tho
Interior, by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
by the Committee on Indian Affairs in the Sen-
ate, by the Senate itself, and by the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the House, do not afford
some sort of guarantee that this question has
been examined, as well as if it had gone to tho
Committee of Ways and Means in the House? !
Mr. MORRILL. Undoubtedly; and the ex- 1
aminations of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
of the House, so far as I am concerned, will be
received with as much confidence as the action
of any other committee of this House; but at
the same time there is a wonderful facility of
transferring appropriations made for one pur-
pose to another. It-is not that I have any
special opposition to this particular bill, but I
think that no bill of this amount ought to pass
without a critical examination by the proper
committees of this House.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not desire
to prolong this discussion, but I wish to make
a single remark in addition to what has been
already said upon the subject. It is this: that
this matter has been fully canvassed, discussed,
and examined before the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the House, and there was not a soli-
tary member of that committee that became
conversant with the facts relative to the con-
dition of these Indians, their starvation, their
wants, and the circumstances by.which they
were surrounded, who was not in favor of ap-
propriating this money. Why, sir, this is a
question of the starvation of these Indians.
They are without clothing, without food, and
in a destitute condition; and unless this appro-
priation is made to furnish them with provisions
and clothing they must suffer and die by the
hundreds.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to propound
to the gentleman a question which the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Wixdom] promised
to give me an opportunity to ask, but who took
his seat without affording me the opportunity.
I sec no reason, lor one, in tho remarks of the
advocates of this bill for providing for those
rebel savages, unless, in some sense or other,
they are held as captives of war. , If they are,
I would like to know why not liberate them,
and have done with it? Andersonville cries
aloud because those men were held and starved.
If these prisoners that were, are in any sense
yet prisoners of war, why not let them go? If
they are not prisoners—as I understand they
are not—the simple proposition is that we
shall appropriate §500,000 to save from star-
vation a certain number of' savages who are
destitute because they have been fighting as
rebels, when the land is full—when one half
of it, at least, is full of white men, white wo-
men, and white children, who never fought to
aid this rebellion, and who also are starved
and naked and hungry. Now, I take it for
granted that there is some difference between
these classes; and if so, I would like to under-
stand why these Indians should not be liber-
ated, if prisoners; and if they are not prison-
ers, why they should bo stipendiaries of the
Government.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. In answerto the
gentleman, I will say that a large number of
these Indians have been heretofore held as pris-
oners of war, and fed by the War Department.
They are now liberated and thrown upon the
Interior Department, and it becomes necessary
for that Department to make some provision for
them or else they must starve. They have been
held in such a condition that it has been impos-
sible for them to raise any crops for the past
season. They are, therefore, destitute of food.
They have been held as prisoners of war, and
have, therefore, been unable to prosecute their
hunts, and are destitute of clothing.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa how many Indians there are in
that destitute condition?
Mr. HUBBARD, oflowa. I understand that
there are altogether about thirty thousand. About
eleven thousand of those are disloyal Indians.
The chairman of the Indian Committee can cor-
rect me if I am in error, but I understand that
there are about thirty thousand of these Indians,
and some twenty-odd thousand of that number,
I understand, have always been loyal.
Mr. SPALDING-. Inasmuch as this joint
resolution involves an appropriation, I would
inquire whether it can be passed without refer-
ence to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is too late to raise that
question now, the joint resolution having been
debated. If made in time, it would have been
a good point. It is too late now, according to
the usage of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I supposed thai at any
time an objection might be taken to the consid-
eration in the House of a joint resolution or till
involving an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The objection is to its con-
sideration in the House, and when the House
considers it the objection is supposed to be
waived.
Mr. SPALDING. As soon as I can get the
floor I will move the reference of the joint res-
olution to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I wish to make
but one additional remark upo'n this question.
These Indians are there in that Territory, and
their condition is such that unless immediate
provision is made for them they must suffer and
mustdie during the coming winter. They have
nothing on which to subsist, as I understand it,
and these facts were made apparent "before the
committee that investigated the matter.
As to these reports that are in circulation in
relation to the management of affairs in that
department, I understand that they are without
foundation; that there is no truth in those re-
ports.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to state that I
have seen the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
the superintendent of these Indians, and the Sec-
retary ol'the Interior, and the gentlemen who
have been concerned in making the contracts,
and they assure me thai there is not a single
word of truth in the stories of fraud that have
been referred to here. I think I know as much
of what is required for Indians as any man upon
this floor, and let me say to the House that if
these Indians, thirty or forty thousand strong,
are in" a starving and destitute condition, hu-
manity dictates that their wants should be sup-
plied and that they should be protected from
starvation. , .
I have spent the last five years of my life
among the Indians, and I know that it is utterly
impossible to prevent their committing depre-
dations of every character so long as they are
reduced to starvation.
I do not know anything about the allegations
of fraud in this case, nor do I care ; 1 know
this, that no gentleman here could take charge
of Indian affairs without being accused of fraud,
and without being convicted of it, too, if the tes-
timony of those interested in trading with the
Indians is to be received. Upon such testi-
mony a man could be convicted of horse steal-
ing or any other crime.
I do hope that gentlemen will consider this
matter, and that a sufficient appropriation will
be made for this purpose. If $500,000 is re-
quired to relieve these starving Indians, let that
amount be appropriated.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to say
in reply to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kas-
sox, J that I am willing, as I doubt not the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs are willing, to go with
him at a proper time into any investigation he
may think proper in reference to any charges
of i'raud in connection with the Indian depart-
ment or the administration of Indian affairs.
At present, as has been stated in the communi-
cation from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
which has been read within the hearing of the
House, and as has been stated by the other gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Hubbard,] this action
asked by the report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs and by this joint resolution, which haa
unanimously passed the Senate, is one of im-
perative necessity, and is demanded, in my judg-
ment, by the highest principles of humanity.
Whenever the history of.the sufferings and
trials of these nineteen thousand loyal Indiana
shall have been written, it will present a scene
of horror, of woe, and of suffering, such as has
been presented by no other people, by no other
class, and at no other time, in the history of
this rebellion. Gentlemen of this House will
remember that famous appeal of the loyal In-
dians, who, in the midst of a rigorous winter,
in an inclement season, when they were with
their children upon the prairie with the ther-
mometer at zero, with their dead and 'dying
strewing their path, still preserved theirloyalty
to the flag oi this country, ami appealed to the
Government for protection. They have returned
