•3088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
by their chiefs, head men, and head soldiers.
They were represented by the representative
men of the different Lands with whom treaties
-were made.
In addition, Mr. Speaker, let mo make a
single remark in reference to those who com-
posed that commission. I will say you may
search the country through and you will not
find four more honorable men or better quali-
fied to discharge tlic duties assigned to them
than win; these commissioners. General Sib-
ley, of Minnesota, once occupied a seat in this
House, afterward was Governor of that State,
and during the late war held the commission
of a brigadier general; a man of large intlu-
onee with the Indians. Indeed, no man in
the northwest country has had more experi-
ence wilh Indians than General Sibley. He
thoroughly understands and comprehends
their character.
Major General Curtis was one of the com-
missioners. lie was twice elected from my
own State as a member of this House, and he j
took a distinguished and important part in the
great struggle through which we have passed.
Ho is a gentleman of large intelligence and !
capacity.
I may make the same remarks of the other
members of the commission. They were all
men of intelligence. In the discharge of their J
duties they aeled for lite best interests of the :
Government as well as for (lie best, interests of
the Indians themselves. In malting those trea-
ties they supposed they were acting for the best
interests of the United Stales as well as of the
Indians. The charges of the gentleman from
Dakota are, therefore, gratuitous.
Those treaties were submitted to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the President, of the Uni-
ted States, and to the Senate by whom they
were continued. In the Senate they were met
liy a writ I en argument against them. TheOom-
mittee. ou Indian Affairs of that body fully
investigated these charges and declared them
to be groundless ; that they were without any
foundation in truth; and the result has been
the. confirmation of all those treaties. After
all that has occurred in this mailer it ill becomes
the, Delegate from Dakota to offer 1'urlher oppo-
sition.
So far as the appropriation is concerned that
is now asked lor by litis joint resolution 1 need
make no remarks, us the mailer lias been fully
and satislaclorily explained by the gentIonian
from New York, [Mr. It, vymomi. | I knmv the
Arapahoe,-; and Olic\cnnes were to be trealed
with on (be upper Platte, the Indians most
foremost in cnuiinitlin:' depretlai ions on l!ie
emigrants ou the ouihind ionic. Tlioy tire
now a1--ambling in huge number,,., expecting
io meet tlx' conuni.-.rionei s and conclude a
treaty of pence and friendship which shall be
lasting between them and the Government.
So far as the Indians on the upper ^Missouri
are concerned iheywere included under the
Fori Laramie treaty. 1 refer to Ihe ("rows,
the Mandate;, Assiiuboiues, Aricarees, Gro^s
Ventres, and tSlaekfeet Indians. They have
received presents and annuities under that
treaty, Inn it has expired by its own limitations.
"W'ehavi; no treaty wilh them at Ihistime; they
are assembled at points on the Missouri for the
purpose of meet in;; your commissioners and
concluding treaties with them. Fail to meet
them and cairy out this arrangement and you
have war mt the frontier, the sefllenicnts that
arc represented here by the gentleman from
Dakota will be overrun by hostile savages, and
you will have minders and depredations com-
mitted, and pcihaps a new militaryexpedition
will be required against these hostile bands.
There is bat one way, in my judgment, to
secure peace on that frontier, and that is by
negotiating treaties of peace and friendship.
They have been encouraged to assemble at
these points, expecting to meet these commis-
sioners. They are there now, and the com-
missioners, as I understand, are on Ihe way for
the purpose of conferring with them generally.
Without continuing these remarks, I think'it
is of the highest importance that we should
pass this appropriation, and give to the Presi-
I dent and the Department the means with which
! to carry out these negotiations and conclude
; these treaties.
! Mr. RAYMOND resumed the floor.
| Mr. BURLEIGH. "Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment or two?
; Mr. RAYMOND. Yes, sir.
I Mr. BURLEIGH. It was with the greatest
! reluctance that I undertook to question the
! propriety of this bill, or to raise my voice against
j it in the presence of so many able men in oppo-
sition to a measure which I deem so entirely
at war wilh the best interests of the Territory
which I have the honor to represent. I was
aware that I was to be brought in contact with
I able men and statesmen, well versed in legis-
lation and in logic. But I will say that there
j is one thing that my friend's logic cannot do.
| It cannot change error to truth any more than
| it can change truth to error. I hold in my
| hand these treaties for the completion of which
j this appropriation is asked. I ask if they were
: not completed, signed, and witnessed before
they were sent to the Senate for ratification.
If they were, wdiat necessity is there for a fur-
ther appropriation to complete them ? !f they
were not completed, perfect, valid treaties in
law and in fiiel, why, 1 ask, were they ratified.
I am as much in favor of peace with the
Indian tribes in Dakota as any man can be;
my interests are all there ; our people are
anxious lor peace. But 1 ask the honorable
gentleman from New 1'ork [Mr. IiAVMO.V])] to
tell me what a treaty is. "Will he pretend to
slate to this House that these nine instruments
of writing which 1 hold in my band are treaties?
If the Senate has a right to modify or amend
t these treaties without, the consent of the Indian
I tribes, who are parties to these negotiations,
j which are made for the avowed purpose of
securing peace with those tribes, what, occa-
| sion is there for sending commissioners at all
| to negotiate them? Why not make them here,
, and avoid the expense of the negotiation?
I Why deplete the Treasury Ibr such a needless
i undertaking ?
! Air. Speaker, 1 feel confident that this House
j does not fully nnderslaml the importance of this
I question. It is one of vital interest to those of
\ our people wdio reside upon the frontiers ; and
| I suggest, C'H' (he consideration of the 1 louse
| whether it would not, be better for the Govern-
j meat to adopt a new system of treaty-making
I with our Indian tribes, and show them and the
: woild 1 hat if, will act, justly with them, regard-
less of cost or consequences.
!j 'l'lie gentleman states that these tribes were
" fully represented. V> hat docs lie mean? Docs
] he pretend lo say that the Ogalahn. a tribe
' numbering twenty-one hu ud red souls, were fully
j represented, when it appears from the treaties
themselves thai there were but three members
of t hat band present when they were made and
signed? Does fie pretend to say Ihe Uncpapns,
numbering as they do twenty-seven hundred
souls, were fully represented, when it appears
from the record which 1 hold in my hand that
there were but fourteen members of that tribe
present,? The truth is, these tribes were not
i fully represented; and if my information is
J correct, the great, majority of them will not
recognize Ihese transactions as binding. They
j' may keep the peace until they receive what
■ goods and presents the Government, has sent
them this spring: but 1 greatly fear that ail of
■ their provisions will then be disregarded by the
j, Indians.
!' 1 have recently seen General Connor, who
:] has been in the country occupied by these
!; tribes, and he assures me that nearly ail of the
■ Indians belonging to the Sioux nation arc bit-
j terly opposed to any treaty of peace with the
I Government whatever, and that these negotia-
tions will prove a failure.
! Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman from
i1 Dakota has done nothing more than his duty
j] in presenting to the House such considerations
why this joint; resolution should not pass as he
II has presented.
I have already answered the objection he lias
made, that these tribes wore not fully repre-
sented. I do not think any tribe is ever present
in full when a treaty is made.
As to the character of the treaty, I have no
desire to discuss that; but the gentleman is
mistaken in saying that the provision to which
he refers, by which the Senate can alter the
treaty, is put in a treaty for the first time. The
same provision was in the trcatj- of 1801, and
this power was exercised by the Senate.
Now, I wish to mention another fact in con-
nection with this resolution, and it is this : last
fall, wdien this commission found itself under
the necessity of closing their labors on account
of the lateness of the season and the impossi-
bility of getting the other tribes properly rep-
resented, it was agreed that there should be
another meeting as early as possible during the
piesent season, ft was indispensably necessary
that provisions should be taken there to supply
these Indians whenever they gathered there.
Now, gentlemen from that part of the country
say that it was absolutely necessary to take
advantage of the high waters of the early season
to get the provisions there. It was, therefore,
absolutely necessary, anticipating that this ap-
propriation would be made, that quite a large
amount of money should be spent in advance,
taking funds from other branches of the Depart-
ment of the Interior under the authority of the
Secretary.
In view of the emergency -which pressed upon
them, the question would have been brought
before Congress at an earlier day but for the
fact that a misunderstanding existed whether
the expenses were to be met by the "War De-
partment or by the Department of the Interior.
General Curtis, who conducted, I believe, the
greater part of the negotiations, understood
the Secretary of Wrar to say, and, indeed, he
received a communication from the War Do-'
partment which assured him,, that provisions
would at once bo sent forward and be on hand
when the commission should assemble; but
afterward it was ascertained that the Secretary
of War, at a subsequent interview with the
Secietary of the Interior, informed him that
the War Department could not undertake to
supply the provisions. The Secretary of the
Interior did not undei stand this, but afterward
lie did so ; and as soon as lie ascertained that
fact he appealed to Congress for this appropri-
ation on the 18th of April. 'The letter was
sent to the Senate, and the chairman of its
Committee on Finance, who is familiar with all
Indian affairs, took it in hand and gave the
Secretary to understand that, lie would be quite
safe in going forward furnishing supplies to
these Indians, inasmuch as there could bo no
grounds of opposition to this appropriation.
I mention this fact to explain the circum-
stance that a portion of this money has already
been expended, being drawn from another fund
under the control of the Secretary of the In-
terior, which will not be wanted until about the
1st of July. If this appropriation be made
now, that sum will bo in his hands on the 1st
of duly.
I now move the previous question on the pas-
sage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
do lie on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISCSIAllOEI) OFFICERS AXT> SOLDIERS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous?, consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to prevent the further
enforcement of joint resolution No. 77, ap-
proved July 4, IStj-I, against officers and soldiers
of the United States who have been honorably
discharged ; which were read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
INSANE SOLDIERS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution :
