2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
April 28,
substitute, borrowed from the Senate bill, and
the provision of the House bill which we have
reported, is that we propose to provide that, as
vacancies occur, the number of these officers
shall be reduced, so as to take away one of the
colonels, three of the majors, and six of the
captains, making a total reduction of ten. Sir,
what '.a the fact in regard to the present num-
ber ol' officers in the commissary department?
There are now twenty-nine officers, from the
highest, to the lowest, in the subsistence depart-
ment proper of the regular Army. The Senate
adopts that number; the House committee
adopt that number, legislating nobody out. The
Senate proposes that the number shall always
continue twenty-nine. The House committee
propose that, after the winding up of the busi-
ness of this war, as vacancies occur, there shall
be an omission of one of the colonels, three of
the majors, and six of the captains, until the
whole number shall be brought down to nine-
teen.
How many officers did we have in that de-
partment before the war? I hold in my hand
thoArmy Register for 1860. At that time there
was one Commissary General, with the rank
only of a colonel; there was one assistant com-
missary general, with the rank of lieutenant col-
onel ; there were two majors and eight captains.
Those constituted the whole of the subsistence
department—twelve officers in all, and only
four of them above the grade of captain. We
now have in that department a brigadier gen-
eral, two colonels, two lieutenant colonels, a
number of majors, and a number of captains,
the whole number being twenty-nine. This is
the force of that department as it now stands
upon the Register.
Now, is it necessary to retain twenty-nine
officers in that department forever ? If twenty-
nine officers will be required two or three years
hence, when the business of winding up the
operations of this war shall be all over, then
the department ought to have more than twenty-
nine officers now. But it is not contended that
more than twenty-nine are needed now. Gen-
eral Eaton is satisfied with twenty-nine now;
but lie wishes that the department shall still
embrace twenty-nine officers after all the pres-
ent pressure of work shall have gone by. There
seems to be some inconsistency in this. Either
there are too few now, or there will be too
many hereafter. There is no escape from this
proposition. The adjustment of commissaries'
accounts, and the other duties connected with
the winding up of the vast business arising out
of the war, have thrown a great burden for the
next two or three years upon each one of these
departments. ■ But, I repeat, there is no escape
from the proposition that if twenty-niiie officers
in (hat department be sufficient now, as Gen-
eral Eaton admits, then twenty-nine will be too
many when this surplus business shall be dis-
posed of.
Before the war, T repeat, the officers in that
department were but twelve. During the war
the number has been more than doubled, being
now twenty-nine. Gentlemen may say this
was on account of the war. But the regular
Army has not been much increased during the
war. And while this increase from twelve to
twenty-nine was going on. live hundred and
fourteen commissaries of volunteers were given
to that department to help in the work. The
gentleman takes no account of these five hun-
dred and fourteen commissaries of volunteers
who have helped to do the increased work con-
sequent upon having millions of men in the
held. The five hundred and fourteen that did
the woi k consequent upon the vast army brought
into the field, exceeding the old regular Army,
aie now musteied out or immediately to be
mustered out. What is left? Twenty-nine, more
than double as many as they had before the
vnr commenced, and that is because of the
increase of the Army we propose in thib bill.
I say we have too many now. I say their
own record? prove that. T say that twenty-
nine has been because of the increase of the
regular Army, and made necessary by the
increase of business, and as that business
decreases you may fall back, not to twelve,
but to nineteen.
As I intimated a moment ago, you do not
require increase of staff in proportion to in-
crease of line officers. As you increase the
Army increase of staff need not be in arith-
metical progression at all. Increase of staff,
rather, need not 'be in that exact ratio at all.
Increase of line officers must be. As they had
twelve before the war, we propose they shall
keep twenty-nine now, never to be reduced
below nineteen in the new Army we propose
to establish.
I see, therefore, no argument in what came
from the gentleman, nor any in the communi-
cation of General Eaton, except an honest
intention, honestly entertained, a mistaken idea
of every one of these men that they can never
spare an officer after they have once had him.
If they have increased to twenty-nine with
five hundred and fourteen volunteers, if you
muster out the five hundred and fourteen vol-
unteers they must have the twenty-nine now
with increase of the Army. The proposition,
therefore, we make is not to cut down the
twenty-nine now, but, as the Senate proposes,
to leave it as it is, reducing as the business of
the war is closed up until you come down to
nineteen, but not to go below nineteen, seven
more than they ever had before prior to 18G1.
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. Any ono of these
officers may be ordered off.
Mr. SCHENCK. I admit all that. I admit
they jnay be detailed to business outside, but
others may be detailed in their places. A
man will not be ordered away without having
his place supplied. So there is nothing in
that.
With nineteen you will probably have one
for every brigade in the field when troops are
in service and leave the chief and three or four
others to assist him. I think the chief with
three or four here, and the others at posts and
with brigades in the field, are quite enough.
If the gentleman doubts that he can test the
question upon each part of this proposition
instead of a substitute by moving to strikeout
each one of these particular propositions.
Now, sir, it is proposed that we strike out
the section reported by the House committee
and substitute something entirely different
instead of trying the question on each one of
these propositions. And why? Because there
is a third objection to the House bill upon
which the gentleman is eloquent which he
wants to get rid of by his substitute and that
is this one in the bill:
And hereafter no graduate of the United States
Military Aeadcmy, being at the time in the Army of
the United States, or having been therein at any time
tor three years next preceding, shall be eligible to
appointment as an officer in the subsistence depart-
ment.
What led the committee to propose that?
Not that these gentlemen were loafers. We
never said that, and onee for all I desire to say
to my friend from Vermont, and to all others,
that [ believe the subsistence department has
been exceedingly well managed all through this
war. and the officers employed here have done
their duty well, whether they came from West
Point and had their education there, or were
appointed from civil life. That is to create the
impression we are making an attack on West
Point. No such tiling. That we are making an
attack upon the subsistence department as
loafers. No such thing. I say the subsistence
department has done well through all of its
officers, and I say none probably have done
better than the graduates of West Point in
that department.
What, then, do we mean? We mean this:
that when we have educated a man for four
years at West Point and made him skillful in
engineering, gunnery, and general tactics, we
do not want him to inspect biscuit and make
contracts for beef. The gentleman challenges
! the world to produce any others who shall
| equal the glory that has been maintained upon
i stricken battle-fields by graduates of the Uni-
ted States Military Academy. I make no issue
with him, but how much they come down
from their glory when they depend for a liv-
ing upon inspecting "sow belly" and "hard
tack." That is the point which the gentle-
man utterly avoids. We have educated these
men for something else. Civilians can do
that work. Five hundred and fourteen civil-
ians have proved they can do the work, and
there is no more necessity for having a man
educated at West Point to make him a com-
petent commissary of subsistence than to be
a chaplain or paymaster, or to discharge any
other duties which require a knowledge of
accounts and skill and ability to make con-
tracts, to keep his accounts square, to pay
over money received, and make purchases
according to his orders in good faith. The
very thing that should characterize West Point
proves my argument. The more of a soldier
you make of every graduate there the more
incongruous it is that a man covered all over
with glory, the rival of Mars, should conde-
scend to weigh crackers and contract for beef.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Why is it not quite
as necessary that West Point men should be m
the commissary department where they buy
beef, as that they should be in the quarter-
master's department where they buy horses'
tails ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the same pro-
vision ought to have been made in the section
relating to the quartermaster's department.
It was thought, however, by the majority of
the committee that there were some advantages
in a military education in that department—
for instance, as connected with the transporta-
tion of troops, and making corrections—which
were not required of paymasters and commis-
saries of subsistence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope I may be permit-
ted to go on a moment more.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, I hope that gentle-
men will see the propriety of the remarks which
I am making. They are made in no spirit of
opposition to West Point, but rather on behalf
of West Point. They are not made with a
desire to decry the advantage of a military
education. No man can have had ans'thing
to do with military affairs without having felt
the importance of a good military education
in order to do the best service in any line of
duty. But the point I make is that it is not
neccssary to educate these men at the United
States Military Academy to perform these par-
ticular duties.
Now look at their appointment. As I said
before, when the war commenced there were
but twelve in the whole subsistence department,
and they ran up to twenty-nine. Where did tliey
come from? Out of the whole twelve there
was but one man to be found who had no mili-
tary education, who was fit ,to go into the sub-
sistence department and make contracts in
reference to supplies. There must have been
something marvelous in that. And even he
was a son of the chief of the department.
The war went on, and continued through
1861, 1862, and 18G3, and nobody could get in
from civil life. But who did get in? Second
lieutenants of artillery. Prom certain circum-
stances, which I could explain if I would,
the artillery always seem to have a particular
hold on the subsistence department through its
head on a former occasion,' and thus as fast
as these young fledglings come ff&m West
Point they are called upon to furnish brevet
second lieutenants for oflieers in the subsist-
ence department, and all at once they are
made captains.
Mr. HALE. T think the gentleman is labor-
ing under an entire mistake. I think there
has never been an instance in the history of
the United States Army of a brevet second
lieutenant of the artillery being transferred
and appointed to the office of commissary of
subsistence, with the rank of captain.
