4MB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
July 23,
the Commissioner of Public Buildings to employ
three additional watchmen in the Smithsonian
grounds.
FENIANS.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
resolution; on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That this House respectfully request the
President to cause the prosecution instituted in the
United States courts against the Fenians-to he dis-
continued, if compatible with the public interest.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ANCONAdemandedthe yeasaijdnays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by whicli the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vilification of accounts.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
•''following resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That hereafter all bills or accounts for
work or labor done, or materials or supplies of any
kind furnished for the use of tho House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, shall be verified by
an affidavit that the same is corref-t, and the amount
thereof is justly due and unpaid; that the items
therein named were duly done or delivered tor the
use of the House of Representatives; thatthepriees
therein charged, except when the price shall have
been fixed by law or duly authorized contract, are
the usual_ and ordinary prices; that nothing hath
been, or is intended to be, paid, directly or indi-
rectly, to any person as a consideration for the pur-
chase of any of the items therein charged; and that
no officer of the Government hath any interest, di-
rectly or indirectly, in the same: Provided, That this
shall not apply to pay-rolls of the House, or to ac-
counts incurred by any committee of the House, and
approved by the chairman thereof in writing. And
the resolution of the House of Julyo, 1 Sou, directing
the mode of verifying accounts, is hereby repealed.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KERR moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table; and on that motion de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was dis-
agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
constitutional amendment committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That a scleet committee of seven be ap-
pointed by tho Speaker, to whom shall bo referred
all bills and .iomtresolutionsnowpendingbefore any
committee of this House, and all which may hereaf-
ter be offered, proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of tho United States, rendering any person
who has been elected President, ineligible to a sec-
ond term; as also all bills and joint resolutions pro-
posing a change in tho mode and manner of elect-
ing tho President and Vice President of the United
States.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table; and on that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—yeas 71, nays 42, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Baker, Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Davis, Dawson, Dcfrees, Driggs, Eld-
ridgo, Karqnhar, Finck, Garfield,Glosnbrenner, Aaron
Iilirding, Abner (J. Harding, Hogan, Hooper, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, John Ii. Hubbard, Ingersoll, John-
son, Kaston, Kelley, Ivetcham, Kuykendall, Laflin,
Latham. William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Mars-
ton, McCullough, Miller. Moorhead, Morrill, Myers,
Nowell, Niblaek, Nicholson, Nocll, O'Neill, Phelps,
Pike, Radford, William It. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Itice, Rogers, Itollins, Ross, Schenck, Sco-
field, Slianklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stevens,
Stropsc, Tabcr, Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, James J?. Wilson, Stephen 1?, Wilson, and
Woodbiidge—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, JaraesM. Ashley,
Banks. Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Brom-
wctl, Broomali, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb. Conkling, J)ixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Fainsworth.IIart, Hayes,Higby, Holmes,
James R. Hubbcll, Julian, Iiooatz, George V. Law-
rence, MeRuer, Meroar.moulton.. Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Price, Johp H. Rice, Spalding, Trowbridge,
Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Welker, and Win-
dom—12.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Delos R. Aslilev, Baldwin,
Barker, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brandegee,
Buckland, Bandy, Chanler, Cook, Oullom, Culver,
Darling, Dawes, Delano, Doming, Denison, Dodge,
Dumont, Ferry, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Gris-
wold". Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hill, Hotchkiss, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, ITulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Jones, Kelso,
Kerr, Longyoar, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McClurg,
Mclndoe, McKee, Morris, Patterson, Plants, Pom-
eroy, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Sawyer, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Upson, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Winfield, and
Wright—5S.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the House resumes the considera-
tion of the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 365, which was under consideration
when the House adjourned on Saturday.
new jersey soldiers' certificates.
Mr. NEWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following concurrent resolution ;
which was read a first and second time:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the adjutant general of New Jer-
sey be authorized to transmit through the mail free
of postage certain certificates of thanks awarded
by the Legislature to the soldiers of that State, un-
der such regulations as the Postmaster General may
direct.
The resolution was read a third time and
passed.
Mr. NEWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soldiers cemeteries in tennessee.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Secretary of War has
communicated to the Committee on Military
Affairs a number of very interesting reports in
relation to the national cemeteries for soldiers
in Tennessee. I ask that they may be printed
and laid on the table.
No objection being made it was so ordered.
assistant house stenographer.
Mr. ROLLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to ap-
point a competent stenographer as assistant official
reporter to the committees of the House, who shall
bo paid out of the contingent fund, commencing 1st
of June, 186B, the same compensation paid to such
official reporter, whose term of service shall expire
Mareh 4, 1867.
Mr. RADFORD objected.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the regular order.
ditches and canals in pacific states.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the regrtlar order, being the unfin-
ished business of Saturday, which was the
amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
365, granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public* lands in the States of
California, Oregon and Nevada, on which the
previous question had been ordered, the pend-
ing question being the motion of Mr. Scheaok
to lay the bill and amendment on the table, on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement.
Mr. JULIAN. I will not object if I can
make a statement also.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. How much time does
the gentleman want? Five minutes ?
Mr. HIGBY. I do not want more than two
minutes. I only ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] to withdraw his motion and
that the House by unanimous consent allow
twenty or thirty minutes for a statement of this
case, giving the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands [Mr. Julian] one half the
time. I think we can dispose of this matter,
which is one of great importance not only to
the West but to the East.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I am perfectly willing to
withdraw it with that understanding.
The SPEAKER. How long does the gen-
tleman from California want for debate?
Mr, HIGBY. Fifteen minutes to each.
Mr. KASSON. Before that I would ask if
this will allow the carrying out of an arrange-
ment with the gentleman in charge of the bill,
that is, to endeavor to get the consent of the
House to offer certain amendments that will
remove certain objections.
Mr. HIGBY. I have no control of the mat-
ter except by the unanimous consent of the
House. The bill is beyond debate except by
unanimous consent, and I have no power to
make any arrangement.
-The SPEAKER. Is there objection? *
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I find that this is a very
important measure and ought to have exami-
nation. I therefore move to reconsider the
vote by which the House ordered the main
question to be put.
The motion was agreed to—ayes fifty-three,
noes not counted.
Mr. JULIAN. I am very glad to have the
opportunity which 1 have sought to discuss this
extraordinary measure; and in the outset I
desire to state some facts which are necessary
to afull understanding of the questions involved.
About two weeks ago the Senate passed a bill
on the subject of the occupation and sale of the
mineral lands of the United States. The bill
was sent to this House, and on my own motion
was committed to the Committee on Public
Lands. That committee to-day has the whole
subject under its consideration, and is maturing
and perfecting the bill js fast as it can, and
will soon be able to report it in some form to
the House.
The friends of this bill in the other end of the
Capitol, becoming eager and impatientof delay,
on Saturday last called up a bill of the House
of Representatives entitled "An act granting
the right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands in the States of California, Ore-
gon, and Nevada," and struck out the whole
of it except the enacting clause, and inserted
the very bill which is now before the House
Committee on Public Lands. This was done
by the Senate, apparently without comprehend-
ing its own action, through the adroit tactics
of the gentlemen referred to. The bill was sent
in hot haste to this House on Saturday after-
noon, when it went to the Speaker's table ; and
when, soon afterward, we proceeded to business
upon the Speaker's table, the bill was taken up,
and under the gag, with no opportunity for de-
bate or amendment, the attempt was made to
force through this House a measure revolution-
izing the whole land policy of the Government,
abdicatingin the name of the nation its authority
and jurisdiction over the richest mineral pos-
sessions on the face of God's earth, found im-
bedded here and there over, a million square
miles of our national territory.
Now, sir, if I had not obtained the oppor-
tunity to discuss this measure I should have
raised the point of order that this bill is not
properly before the House, and cannot be, with-
out a successful motion to reconsider its ref-
erence to the Committee on Public Lands, or
a motion to discharge that committee from the
further consideration of it in order that the
House may now act upon it. That point of
order, however, is, perhaps, not now necessary,
since the House has decided to allow the bill
to be debated. But I refer to these facts to
show how the attempt is made here to over-
turn all those parliamentary safeguards by
which hasty and dishonest legislation is sought
to be prevented in this body. For, if this style
of legislation is to be tolerated by this House,
every one of its standing committees becomes
a sham and a mockery, and tho House is
defrauded of its right to have those commit-
