M6. ••
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tees prepare and mature measures for' its ac-
tios. " Sir, this indecent haste, this attempt to
thrust upon ug:a bill under a false title, which
has taken its ordinary course under our rules,
thisr plot to obtain legislation under false pre-
tenses, is a reproach to public decency and
common fair play, and merits the rebuke of
this. body.
Mr. Speaker, before proceeding to discuss
this measure, I desire to move to amend the
bill by striking out all after the first section,
and insert what I send to the Clerk's desk.
- The Clerk read as follows:
- Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from, and
after the passage of this act the lands of the United
States containing gold, silver, and other valuable
minerals, the sale of which has not already been pro-
vided for by law, shall be subjcct to sale on the fol-
lowing terms and conditions, to wit: all such lands
as are now known to contain, or which may hereaf-
ter be found to contain,, such minerals, shall be sold at
public auction, to the highest bidder, after six months'
public notico of the time and place of sale, at least
once a week for six months in some newspaper hav-
ing the largest general circulation, published in the
vicinity of the land to bo sold, but at not loss than
the minimum price per aero fixed on said lands as
hereinafter provided lor. Said public notico to con-
tain a full description of the location of said lands,
the character and quality of the minerals, the nature
of the deposits in which they arc found, tho general
topographical features of tho country, tho means of
access to the lands, and such other matters as may
be deemed important by the officers having in charge
the execution of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the public
sales of said lands provided for in tho foregoing sec-
tion shall not remain open longer than two weeks;
and no sales of any of the lands embraced in such
public notice shall bo percnitted at piivate entry dur-
ing the continuance of such public sale. Should
full, fair, and free competition be prevented at any
of such public sales by combinations, the titles to all
lands purchased by any person engaged in such com-
binations or their assigns shall be uttcily null and
void, whether the patents lor such lands shall have
been issued or not, and whether the faetof such com-
binations shall have been discovered before or after
the titles shall have issued for said lands. No person
shall be permitted to bid at any such sales, or to pur-
chase any such lands, except citizens of tho. United
States, or those who shall have declared their inten-
tion to become such, and any such bidorpurchasesha.il
bo absolutely null and void. No lands shall be offered
at any such public sale except such as shall appear
to the Commissioner of tho Gcneial Land Office to be
requiied by the wants of the community; and they
shall be offered in separate lot5?, beginning at the
lowest numbered lot and proceeding in regular nu-
merical order, giving a reasonable time for bidding
on each lot. All lands thus otieied and remaining
unsold at the close of any such public sale shall be
subject to private entry at the minimum price fixed
on such land.
Sko. 4. And hp it. further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the surveyor general for the district in
which any such lands are situated to prepare plats
of subdivisions of any of said mineral, lands, said
subdivisions to be made in accordance with the pro-
visions of the act of 5th of April, 1832; that is to say,
where it is found necessary to subdivide a quaitcr
quarter section such subdivisions shall be made by
drawing linesi'roiu a point equi-distant between the
two corners of each boundary of such quarter quar-
ter section to a point in the opposite boundary cor-
responding thereto; and where it is found necessary
or expedient to subdivide any such quarter quarter
section into smaller lots than ten acres each, each of
such ten-aero lots shall in likemanncrbesubdivided
into four equal parts, or still smaller, on the same
principle, wherever it isdeemed necessary; and frac-
tional quarter sections, or fractional quarter quarter
sections, shall in liko manner bo subdivided into lots
of suitable size for mining. Said lots shall be num-
bered in the same manner that sections aio num-
bered in townships.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That for each land
district there shall be appointed at least one geol-
ogist, who shall also be a good mining engineer,
whose duty it shall be to make a thorough explora-
tion of all the lands in such district containing or
supposed to contain gold, silver, or other valuable
ores, whether such lands are being worked or not,
an.d to make full report of the same, with the size of
the subdivisions necessary and proper to enable each
purchaser to work and mine the land properly, and
giving full descriptions of the kind and character of
such lands and the mineral found in them; said re-
port to be in triplicate, one to bo sent to the General
Land Office, one to the surveyor general, and the
third to the district land office in which the land
described is located; and the same shall be open to
the inspection of all persons desirous of examining
it for the term of at least three months prior to the
time of sale of any of the lands described therein.
The geologists shall be appointed i,n thesame way as
the district land officers, and receive per annum for
their services — dollars.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That whenever a
person is or shall hereafter be in the occupancy of a
mine, or lead, or deposit of mineral, and shall be
actually mining or working the same, such person
shall be, and is hereby, authorized to enter the lands
30 actually worked and mined by legal subdivisions
at a price to be computed by the costs of survey and
the fees of the proper land offices. The purchase
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 254.
money for a-ll said lands shall be paid in gold or silver
oriu bonds of the United. States as hereinaftermea-
tioned. Proof of the actual mining or working of
such lands shall be made to the satisfaction of the
register, receiver, and geologist for fhe district, or
any two of them, at least thirty days.before the com-
mencement of the public sale: the proof of such
mining or working shall be the/affidavit of the party
so mining or working, sustained by the affidavits of
two respectable disinterested witnesses? and any per-
son swearing falsely in any such case shall suffer all
the pains and penalties, of perjury, and forfeit all
right, title, and claim he or she may have acquired
to anysuch lands. Wheroanysuchlandsareworked
or mined, by a company that is incorporated., the pre-
emption right shall be proven, the entry made, and
the patent issued'in tho name of such corporation or
its assignees; but where any such company gh'all not
be incorporated, the preemption right, entry, and
patent shall be in the names of all thesbarcholders:
Provided, however. That any such shareholder in
either case, who is not a resident of the district, shall
acquire, have, and hold no right to any such pre-
emption, entry, or title: And providedfurthcr, lhat
whore two or moro persons or companies shall oc-
cupy and mine or work tho parts of tho same lot or
subdivisions, such persons or companies shall enter
such lot as tenants in common; the rights of each to
cover the land mined or worked by him or her, and
the portion of each of tho lot so occupied, shall bo
in proportion to tho extent and value of their im-
provements or mines, and shall be so specified in the
ccrtificatc and patent.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted. That the register
and receiver of tho land district, in conjunction with
the geologist, shall classify said lands with reference
to their value, respectively, and the subdivisions that
should bo made of them to accommodate those who
arc actually working or mining them, or those who
may thereafter desiroto do so, and report to the sur-
veyor general and the General Land Office, giving
tho minimum piice that should be fixed on each class
of lands, the location and extent of each depofit and
of each settlement or mining operation, with lull rea-
sons ior each conclusion. If tho surveyor general
has any reason to doubt tho correctness of such re-
port, he shall state his doubts and tho reasons for
them to the General Land Office and to the land offi-
cers and geologist, and the decision of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall be final as to
the minimum prices of said lands and the extent of
thesubdivisions. No person, corporation, or associa-
tion shall bo pcrmi ttcd to purchase at public or private
sale moro than forty acres of any such mineral lands,
nor shall any person, corpoiation, or association enter
a second tract till he or they have shown to the satis-
faction of the land officers and geologist that he or
they have worked the mineial out of said lands, and
that it will no longer pay tho expense of working.
Said purchaser shall also, before being permitted to
make a second entiy, sell at public auction, to the
highest bidder, for cash, the land embraced in his
first entry, and which he proposes to abandon.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That, for the pur-
pose of assaying and coining said gold and silver, the
President of tho United States shall be, and is hereby,
authorized to lay off soid mineral regions into suit-
able assaying and coining districts, having regard to
tho mints now established by law, and all gold or
silver mined or procured from any of the lands sold
under this act shall be assayed and coincd at United
States assaying offices and mints, the owners paying
— per cent, for assaying and coining gold, and — per
cent, for assaying and coining silver; and any per-
son who shall remove or attempt to remove any gold
or silver out of the coming district in which it was
proeui ed without first having the same assayed and
coined, shall forfeit said gold or silver, one half of
which shall go to the mlormer and the other half to
tho United States.
Sec. 5). And be it farther enacted, That before any
person shall be permitted to purchase any of said
mineral lands he shall take the oath of loyalty to the
United States proscribed bylaw; and any violation
of said oath, and any malfeasance on the part of any
of the officers whose appointments are authorized by
this act, shall bo deemed a felony, and upon being
proven before any court of competent jurisdiction
tho offender shall oo punished by a lino of not less
than thousand dollais, oi iuipn wmnent at ha id
labor for notions than — years or hofh, at the dis-
cretion of thecourt; and in case of tho officers, they
shall forever be disqualified from holding office under
the Government of tho United States.
Srcc. 10. And be it further enacted, That the nctpro-
ceeds of said lands shall be, and they are hereby,
dedicated to tho payment of the piincipal and inter-
est of the bonds of the United States; and all bonds
of the United States, principal and interest redeem-
able in gold, shall be received in payment for any
of those lands. And all tho provisions of this act
relative to lands shall be carricd out under such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by tbe
Secretary of tho Interior for that purpose, and all
relative to assays, mints, coinage, <ke., under such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of tho Treasury for that purpose.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That upon the sur-
vey of tho lands aforesaid, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may designate and set apartsuch portions of the
said lands as are clearly agricultural lands, to which
preemption or homestead rights shall not have at-
tached as provided by law.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That in extend-
ing the United States surveys over the mineral re-
gions, tho surveyor general shall be, and ho is hereby,
authorized, whenever he shall find mining settle-
ments, made in accordance with suiveys executed
by such settlers, to establish such surveys by lines,
courses, corners, and so forth, connecting such lines
and corners with the boundaries attd corners oi the
sections of the rectangular surveys, and'designate
those lots by suitable numbers on the plats of survey,
giving the reasons and facts in full for suoh anoma-
lous surveys: Provided, however. That no such miss-
ing lot shall contain more than forty acres, norshail
more land be included in any such survey than -tho
area bemg actually worked or mifaed by the settler:
Ana proma-ed also, That the surveyor general under
the direction of the Commissioner of tlie General
Land Office, may cause adjacent lands to these min-
eral lots to be subdivided.in the same manner' with
those lots, when the. interost of the Government or
the convenienoe ,pf settlers shall, in his opinion,
require it. 1
Sec. 13. And'be it further enacted, That, when in his
judgment it shall be necessary for the public interest,
the President shall have the power* and is hereby
authorized, to increase the number of land districts
m any State or Territory, fix the boundaries of the
same, appoint a register and receiver for each district
so created, and to. appoint such additional number
of geologists m any land district as may be deemed
necessary fully to carry Qnt the purposes and intent
of this act, the compensation of said officers to bo
paid out of any money^in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That all laws or
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. JULIAN". If that amendment is not
adopted I desire to offer some amendments,
which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend Senate bill No. 257, in line eight, section
two, by striking out "one thousand" and inserting
' five hundred."
Mr. JULIAN. I have designatedmy amend-
ments by the lines and sections of that bill,
because this is virtually the same bill, and the
one now before us is not printed.
The SPEAKER. Senate bill No. 257 is
not now before the House.
Mr. JULIAN. I know that, but I refer to
it simply by way of designating my amend-
ments.
Mr. HIGBY. I make the point of order
that the bill to which the gentleman offers his
amendments is not now before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Chair cannot entertain
an amendment to Senate bill No. 257.
Mr. JULIAN. Well, I wish to offer these
amendments to the bill in case my first amend-
ment be voted down, and I will designate them,
without reference to the Senate bill.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is a very extraordinary
one, as I shall endeavor to show by reference
to its provisions* It declares that the mineral
lands of the United States shall be open to
exploration and occupation, " subject to the
local custom or rules of miners." It then pro-
vides that the miner shall locate his claim,
which shall be extended and bounded accord-
ing to "the local custom or rules of miners."
It provides that he shall improve or develop
the mine according to "the local custom or
rules of miners." It provides, then, that he
shall have the right to haw his lead or vein
surveyed by the surveyor general of the land
district, not according to the public surveys,
and under the authority of the United States;
not having reference to any base lines at all;
but that he shall call upon the surveyor general
to survey the vein according to the boundaries
already fixed by "the local custom or usage
of the miners,'1 precisely as I call upon the
surveyor of my county to survey my private
estate. Upon that survey the surveyor general
is to make out a plat or diagram of the vein,
and transmit it to the General Land Office at
Washington, upon which it is made the duty
of the Land Office to issue a patent to the
claimant.
The bill further provides that in case of any
conflict between different claimants of any vein
or lead it shall be determined by the local
courts having jurisdiction, without any appeal
to the general or local land office, or to any
tribunal authorized to speak iu the nation's
behalf. The bill, in other words, as the House
will observe, is an absolute deed of quitclaim
of all right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to the mineral lands of the nation,
and committing them to the management,
keeping, &nd disposition of the miners, who
iilone are henceforward to settle every ques-
tion a? to boundary, title, survey, and every
