106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
out .the northern part of our State no one was
more largely sought as a legal adviser and de-
fender.
Of Ms private life I can only speak as I did
of Ms professional reputation, from the meas-
urement of public esteem. Nowherewas he
so beloved and believed in as among his imme-
diate neighbors and in the domestic circle. This,
Mr. Speaker, is the best vindication of a man's
private worth and virtue.
Mr. Kellogg; was not what is usually desig-
nated a showy man. Modest and unobtrusive,
he was not. perhaps, as generally known by his
associates in the Thirty-Eighth Congress as
many others; but, Mr. Speaker, there were
few men in that body, or in this, on whose
judgment and patriotism safer reliance could be
placed. Strong in his own convictions, andearn-
est in maintaining them, he was nevertheless
one who respected the faith and opinion of oth-
ers. Culling the right from the wrong, he was
always prompt to award credit or acknowledge
error. Eminently practical, he could be car-
ried away by no theoretical abstractions, but
deemed it wiser and more statesmanlike to se-
cure the most that could be obtained, rather
than to risk all in battling for what he might
desire. He was the character of a man so essen-
tial in the councils of the nation at this time
when we are called upon to complete the diffi-
cult and transceudently important work left
by our military heroes and brave soldiers on
whom is still the dust of battle.
It is perhaps fortunate, Mr. Speaker, that we
are not too constantly influenced by our knowl-
edge of the uncertainty of life. Placed here
for earnest, active duties, to labor for the benefit
and advancement of the living world, it is
wisely provided that our energies should not
be paralyzed by the ceaseless apprehension of
death. But, sir, while this may be true, we
must not shut our eyes to the importance of
heeding those constant admonitions of our
mortality. It is well thatthe voice of mourning
is sometimes sounded so near that we cannot
but listen : and when in our own ranks, and
standing side by side, our comradcs are stricken
down, surely each one of us should be admon-
ished to be prepared for the summons that must
come to all as it came to our lamented friend.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to join in giving proper re-
spect to the memory of our late associate, Mr.
Kellogg, of New York.
Death has again crept upon us, and removed
from our deliberations a member who was al-
ways attentive and ever at his post. During
the last Congress 1 had occasion at various
times to confer with him in the discharge of
our respective duties. I found him a man of
mature reflection, never hastily arriving at a
conclusion, but his opinions being formed, he
was firm in his con\ictions and his actions,
sincerely having in view the interests of the
people who had honored him with their support.
It is becoming, therefore, that [ fhould add a
few words to what has been so well and truth-
fully said.
In casting aside, for a brief period, the secu-
lar avocations incident to our positions, let us
reflect upon the awful reality of death—no
respecter of persons: striking high and low;
the gifted as well as the uneducated. We are
admonished to be ever ready, for we cannot
know at what time we too may be summoned.
The future after our sojourn here is not given
us to know of: but we can observe the exam-
ples_about us, and so live that when we come to
die it may be said of us, as I now say of the
deceased, that he was a faithful Representative,
a good citizen, and a man who endeavored to
carry out the golden rule of life, bv doing unto
others as he would wish to be done by.
You have listened to the particulars of Mr.
Kellogg'early youth and subsequent man-
hood. and in it we find an example well worthy
of imitation—not rare, I am glad to say. in this
country or among our people—that bvindusl'y
and perseverance we c,m succeed. He steadily
stepped the march of life, gaining the respect
of those with whom he came in contact, and
feeling a full sense of the requirement to do
right i n every publi c and private situation. He
rose by his own exertions, and advancing, proved
the truth of what we all know, that in this free
America every man has it within his reach, by
labor and industry, to make himself useful to
his fellow-men and an ornament to society.
This is suggestive to us all here, and should be
well observed by those entering into manhood.
No royalty is left an inheritance to the Ameri-
can youth. He is estimated at what he is capa-
ble of, and has it with himself alone to be dis-
tinguished or not. Then, indeed, are those who
fail to improve such opportunities in twofold
culpable. No young man need despair; all is
well with him here if he does justice to him-
self. The career of Mr. Kellogg is a clear
and undisputable instance of this, and for this
reason it is our privilege to-day especially to do
honor to his memory.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, there is no rank
nor station where death does not intrude, re:
minding us by its havoc how uncertain is human
life. Since the 4th of March last, several who
were members of that Congress, have been fol-
lowed to their last resting-places. Orlando
Kellogg, whose departure from earth callsforth
these testimonials, left us at the adjournment of
last session lull of manly strength, with every
prospect before him that man could have of
being in his place here a member of this body.
This instance, among the many others, is be-
fore us forcibly illustrating how feeble our hold
is upon life. An acquaintance of twenty-five
years, which very early ripened to close friend-
ship for the deceased, impels me to join in these
testimonials. I could nut allow this occasion
to pass without adding a tribute to his memory.
Full opportunity was given me to study his char-
acter and prove his many noble and manly vir-
tues. lie rose from penury and obscurity by
his own individual effort. A superior mind
with a laudable ambition soon gave him promi-
nence and influence. He chose law for his pro-
fession, and readily accumulated a business that
became a lucrative practice. A -versatile and
praciical talent, and great self-reliance, soon
won for him the confidence of the circle who
knew him. His great forte, as a lawyer, was in
addressing a jury. For them he possessed in-
genious argument, tempered and fused with a
vein of rich and racy wit, that generally ren-
dered him invincible. His wit was keen and
piercing, but the wound it left was soon healed
by his earnest friendship and constant flow of
good humor. He was a man of large heart, and
at once became deeply interested in behalf of
suffering and affliction. In moments of relaxa-
tion from business he was genial and social, and
chained all by the cheerfulness of his conversa-
tion. He always remembered with warmth his
earliest associates, however humble in life their
position. Sprung from the laboring class the
eailyties that bound hiiu to them were never
weakened. They wont to him with confidcnce,
and to that confidence he was ever faithful.
Mr. Kellogg in politics was a Whig, then a Ilc-
publiean. He was firm and sincere in his politi-
cal opinions, and advocated them with great
warmth and success.
To his influence is largely due the healthy
condition of public sentiment in the district
which he represented. lie was a .Represent-
ative in the Thirtieth Congress together with
our martyr President. A friendship was con-
tracted there between them which was revived
and strengthened during the la=t Congress. As
a member of this House he seldom spoke. His
work, though quiet, wa« effectual, and his whole
career in the Thirty-Eighth Congress is marked
with great industry. He was a warm supporter
of the national Administration, and gave his
undivided strength in aid of the suppression of
the rebellion that was then attempting the de-
struction of the (iovernment. He liied to see
that rebellion crushed, and lived, too, to mourn
with us the death by the hand of the assassin
the head of the nation—the man to whom he
was bound by private friendship, and whom he
loved for his public virtues. Men's names are
not treasured hero except in record—they are
soon forgotten—but among the people whom
the deceased represented the name of Oulaxdo
Kellogg will be treasured as household words
and will not fade from memory for ages to
Mr. MOOKHEAD. Though I did not know
that this death was to be announced to-day
until a few moments ago, yet I feel impelled not
to permit this occasion to pass without paying
a feeble tribute to the memory of Orlaxdo Kel-
logg. I never knew him until I mot him in this
House as a member of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress. Shortly after the organization _ of that
Congress I was thrown on a committee with him,
and there Ibecame acquainted with the man. I
there came to know something of his value, his
strong common sense, his firm will, the manner
in which he investigated subjects for the pur-
pose of arriving at twit.h, and, when arrived at,
the tenacity with which he clung to it. Ibecame
fond of Orlando Kellogg. I admired him as a
friend, as a legislator, and as an honest man.
xlnd after the adjournment of the last Con-
gress I happened to be in his own vicinity on a
visit, and there I could understand very fully
why Orlando Kellogg was sent to this Con-
gress. I never knew any man who, I thought
from all I could see, was more beloved by the
entire body of citizens in his vicinity than he
was. Everywhere I went and spoke of Or-
lando Kellogg, I found he was the ideal of a
man of honor in the minds of all his constitu-
ents. I received so much kindness from him,
and from his friends on account of my acquaint-
ance with him, that I felt tempted, though
perhaps out of order, as I was not consulted in
regard to this mutter, to say these feeble words.
After I left him, I had baiely reached my
home when I received the startling news that
Orlando Kellogg was dead. I had left him
in the full flush of health. He was a younger
man than I was, and such a sudden announce-
ment struck me with great surprise, as I have
no doubt it did the members pf the last Congress
who are here. When one so full of life is cut
down so suddenly, it is on admonition to us all
to be ready for the final change which will soon
overtake us all.
The resolutions were agreed to; and there-
upon (at half past four o; clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 21, 18G5.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
joint committee on reconstruction.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Fesseniiex. Grimes, Harris, Howard,
Johnson, and Williams, as members on the
part of the Senate o"f the joint committee to
inquire into the condition of the late so-called
confederate States.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of War, which was sent to the
Senate at the last session of Congress, but not
received until after the adjournment, trans-
mitting, in obedience to law, a ,-tatement of the
contracts and orders given, and the purchases
made, by the ordnance department, during the
year ending December ;51, 1804; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a communica-
i tion from the Second Auditor of the Treasury,
j which was sent to the Senate during the last
i session, but not received until after the adjourn-
' inent. transmitting, in obedience to law, copies
J of all accounts which have been received at that
! office from persons charged or trusted with the
disbursement of mom ys, goods, or effects for
! Hie benefit of the Indians from July f. 18G8, to
i June oO, 1804, with a list of the names of all
