3090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
The officers of this vessel may have had with
them 110 property but such as it was their duty
to have as officers of the Navy. If so, it might
be well to pay them for that property, what-
ever it may have been. But they may-have had
with them property which it was not necessary
for them to hafe upon that vessel. Gold
watches, jewelry, and various articles of that
kind may have been in their possession. Yet
such things are not excluded by the terms of
this bill. The bill proposes to pay for all
"clothing and effects" which those officers
had and which were lost by the sinking of that
vessel. Now, sir, if any such bill has before
been passed by Congress, it has escapcd my
attention, and I have not been able to find it
in the statutes.
I hope, therefore, that this bill, instead of
being passed, will either be recommitted to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, in order that
we may know from that committee whether
they intend to establish a new precedent, a new
lino of action on the part of the Government
toward these officers, or will be referred to the
Committee of Claims, so that, if we are to pay
for all the effects of these officers, that com-
mittee may determine the amount which ought
to be paid to each officer. 1 shall move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of Claims,
unless tiie gentleman from Wisconsin would
prefer that it should be recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Afl'aiis.
Mr. ELDltlDOE. _ Although 1 have not had
this matter specially in charge 1 think the gen-
tleman is mistaken as to the intention of the bill.
The committee were unanimously in favor of
reporting this bill. The regulations of tlie Gov-
ernment require these officers to have the
amount of clothing mentioned in the report.
The intention is to pay for those things they
were required to have, and not tt> pay for
gold watches, or mone}', or anything of that
kind.
Mr. liliOMU'ELh. With the gentleman's
permission, I ask whether the men on board
this ship lost anything, and whether the bill
proposes to provide anything for them.
Mr. KLDHIDGI'j. The men are provided
for by general law, while the officers are not
provided for at. all. If there is any justice in
paying the men as we have provided for pay-
ing them by general law, certainly there is jus-
tice in paying officers for the loss of property
they were required by the regulations to have.
Mr. WILSON, of' Iowa. The language of
the proposition does not confine the payment
to those things they were required to have. It
provides for the payment of all the clothing
and other effects belonging to tlio.se persons
lost on that occasion.
Mr. JKLDUf DON. If that be ill the bill I
will agree to add that they shall only be paid
for the clothing and other effects they were
required under the regulations to have. There
is no intention to go beyond that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 wish to enter
a motion to recommit the hill to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, so that wo may have a
uniform rule established in cases of this kind.
As 1 ha\e already said, this goes beyond any-
thing Congress has done heretofore."
Mr. ELDKIDGE. 1 have no objection to
the bill being recommitted to the Committee
on Naval Afl'aus.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I make that mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill "was recommitted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsidcr
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jUiiPAimil'JNT or THE IXTEHlOIt.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING, by unani-
mous consent, Senate bill No. 2S2? to reor-
ganize the clerical force of the Department of
the Interior, and for other purposes, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
WAR OF 1812.
Mr. COFFROTHj by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to the soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812 and those en-
gaged in the Indian wars during that period ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
message prom the senate.
k message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed House bill
No. G2, to regulate and secure the safe-keep-
ing of public money intrusted to disbursing
officers of the United States.
dkaft.
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Jieaolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform tho House what number of persons, together
with their names, were drawn in the draft com-
menced February, 1865, in the eighth congressional
district of Pennsylvania, 'under call of December 19,
and held to service, who had previously been
dratted and paid commutation orfurnifhed substi-
tutes, under section seventeen of act of February 24,
18G4, within the year and under prior calls of 1864.
reconstruction.
Mr. KELL15Y gave notice of his intention
to ofler the following as a substitute for the bill
reported by the committee on reconstruction
for restoring the States lately in insurrection
to their full political rights; which was ordered
to be printed:
Whereas the eleven States which lately formed the
so-called confederate States of America are without
their practical relations to tho Union, aud cannot
bo fully restored or reinstated in tho saruo without
action of Congress: Therefore,
Be if enctcteif, dV., Thnt tho eleven States lately in
rebellion may iorm valid State governments in the
following manner:
Si-'O. 2. The State governments now existing, though
formed in the midst of martial law, and though, in
many instances, their constitutions were adopted
under dure;s, and not submitted to tho people for
latitication, aro hcicby acknowledged as valid gov-
ernment:? for municipal purposes.
Skc. ; . The President shall direct the Governors
of the said eleven States which lately formed tho
so-cnlled coniVderntcStates of America, to call con-
ventions on or beluro tho 1st day of Januaiy, 1867,
for tho formation of State constitution*. And to
enable tho electoral people of^ the several States
aforesaid to choose delegates to the saidconvcntionst •
the Governor or chief executive officer of each of \
said States shall order an election to be held on a i
day to bo fixed by him for members of a convention
to fiame a constitution tor said State, which said con-
stitution shaU bo- submitted to a vote of tho people
of said States in accordance with the provisionshcrc-
inalter contained, andif ratified by a majority of tho
legal votcis as hereinafter described, shall be de-
oLned to bo the constitution of paid State.
Si'.o. 1. Tho persons who shall be entitled to vote
at said elections shall be all person^ irrespective of
color who shall h.tve leaded in'the Stale six months
pnor to t-aid election, aie twenty-one year? of ago,
andean i ead the Constitution of the United States.
Si'.c. 5. JSo constitution fiom any of said Slates
shall bo proented to or acted on by Congre?s which
shall deny to any person, irrespective of color or
previous eon'dition. equal liberty and rights before
the law, including the light of sufUage, as hereinbe-
foro limited.
Sec. 6. Whenever the forcsroing conditions shall
have been complied with, and tho amendments to
tho Constitution adopted by Congress since the re-
bellion of the people of the States aforesaid, shall
have been ratitied by any of said States, the repre-
sentatives of buch Stateiaay piesent its constitution
to Congress, and if tiie same shall be approved by
Congress, said State shall be declared entitled to tho
rights, pi iviluges, and immunities and be subject to
all the obli^ations and liabilities of a State within
tho Union, and thereupon a general amnesty shall
bo declared by the President to all who have offended
against the authority, dignity, and peace of the Uni-
ted States in the recent rebellion.
ambrose morrison.
Mr. SLOAN". I ask unanimous consent to j
introduce from the Committee of Claims a bill
authorizing the Secretary of War to purchase
certain property for military purposes, and to
have it considered and acted upon now.
The bill was read. It proposes to pay the
sum of $15,000 as compensation for the de-
struction of the dwelling-house of Ambrose
Morrison, and the use of the lot and part of
the materials of the house for a fort by order
of General J. D. Morgan, on the 4th day of
May, 1863.
Mr. McKEH. I object to the consideration
of the bill. I am willing to have it recommitted.
Mr. SLOAN. Then I move to recommit it
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. "VVBIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
laws of insurgent states.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to this House a state-
ment of the provisions of the laws and ordinances of
tho late insurgent States 011 the subjcct of tho rebel
debt, so called.
pay of cleric to tiih sekgean't-at-abms. •
Mr. KERR, by_ unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee of Accounts:
Resolved, That the compensation of Moses Dillon,
clerk to the Sergeant-at-Avms of the House, be, and
the same is hereby, increased and made the same as
that of the Journal clerk of this House, beginning
with the 1st of June, 1866.
court of claims.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to limit the time for bringing suits
before the Court of Claims; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
post offices and internal be venue offices.
Mr. JOHNSON", by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the erection of a fire-proof building in the
principal city or town of each congressional district,
to b£ used for the purpose of a post office and offices
for tho assessors and collectors of the proper district,
where the l-ecorils which may involve titles to land,
&e., may be kept always secure.
promotions in the navy.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to prevent officers of the Navy
from being deprived of their regular promotion
011 account of wounds received in battle ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee 011 Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
amendment of tiie rules.
Mr. BLAINE asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules be directed
to inquire into the expediency of providing a rule
for speeches of fifteen minutes in addition to the rule
for speeches of one hour; and that in ail cases a mem-
ber proposing to speak fifteen minutes shall be enti-
tled to the floor to the exclusion of one proposing to
speak an hour; and that hereafter no proposition
shall be entertained for extending the time of any
member under either rule.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
lieutenant general scott.
Mr. SITGREAYES, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of one member from
each State represented in this House be appointed
on the part of this House, to join sueh a committee
as may bo appointed on tho part of the Senate, to
consider and report on tho propriety of an address
before the Congress of the United States commem-
orative of the life, character, and services of tho late
Brevet Lieutenant General Winfleld Scott.
' reconstruction.
The House resumed the consideration of the
special order, being House bill No. 543, to
provide for restoring to the States lately in
insurrection their fall political rights, upon
which Mr. Rousseau was entitled to the floor.
Mr._ ROUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, it matters
very little to me what may be the intrinsic mer-
its of these measuresproposed for our adoption
if they in fact are an impediment to the admis-
sion of the States lately in insurrection to rep-
resentation on this floor. Sir, the majority in
this House have held and now hold inthepalm
of their hands the power to restore the Union
and give peace and harmony to the country.
