1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3091
And yet after seven months, though during all
that time the majority could in half an hour
have given the country this peace and har-
mony, wo find ourselves to-day further off than
we were at the beginning.
Before Congress met, Mr. Speaker Colfax
laid down the rule by which this Congress
should be governed on that subject. From that
day to this the radical wing of the Republican
' party has been departing from the Lincoln-
Johnson policy. He came to Washington be-
fore Congress assembled and made a speech
in which lie declared that the Representatives
of the States lately in rehellion were not to be
recognized upon this floor until Congress should
decide to admit them.
That, sir, was the beginning of our trouble,
and it has been augmenting from that day to
this, and now we are here with the results of
the war frittered away and the Union declared
dissolved, At the first caucus on the Saturday
night preceding the meeting of Congress, act-
ing on the programme of Speaker Colfax,
the radical wing of the Republican party, was
quietly prepared for burial. The resolution
adopted by that caucus and passed by this
House buried that wing of the party so deep that
nobody will ever be able to find it. It was in
pursuance of the plan announced by Speaker
Colfax that the Union was dissolved by the
majority of this House.
A great deal has been said about the failure
of the President to call Congress together, and
he has been much denounced for not doing so.
Why, sir, if Congress had staid away from
these Halls, and the nation had had its appro-
priations made so as to carry on the Govern-
ment two years, the Union would have restored
itself.
I think Mr. Speaker Colfax himself was the
first to make the complaint against the Presi-
dent for not calling Congress together. I pro-
pose now to see how just these gentlemen are
in regard to their accusations against the Pres-
ident. I have the letter of Mr. Colfax, pub-
lished a few days ago, and I desire to call
the attention of the House to this matter. It
was charged in the newspapers that he had been
off on some pleasure trip to the Pacific when
he ought to have been here to urge upon the
President the necessity of an extra session of
Congress if he really believed such a necessity
existed. Speaker Colfax, in reply to that
matter, says among other things:
" 1. I was not Speaker at all when I made my ' in-
teresting trans-continental journey,' ray term having
expired with the termination of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, March 4, 1865.
"2. I had some expectation of a reelection when tho
Thirty-Ninth Congre&s should convcne, and came to
Washington on tho 14th of Aprii, the morning of the
very day PrcsideniLincoln was murdered, toconsult
with him as to an extra session."
Mark you, Mr. Colfax does not say he came
on here with a view to get the President to call
Congress together, but he says, "I had some
expectation of a reelection when the Thirty-
Ninth Congress should convene, and came to
Washington.'' Now, I wish to ask Mr. Col-
fax, if it was of so much importance to have
Congress convene, he being a leading member
and likely to be reelected Speaker, if it would
not have been just as well for him to have sug-
gested, ay, and insisted upon the convening of
Congress ; and if he could not just as well have
done that as to have gone off on that pleasant
and delightful trip to visit Brigham Young and
his wives. Was it not the duty of Mr. Colfax to
remain here and suggest to the President, if it
existed, the necessity of calling Congress to-
gether? But he did not do it. He does not
say in this letter that he was of opinion Con-
gress ought to have met, but states that having
some notion of being Speaker of the House, he
came on here to look after that matter. And
so, when lie had seen about that, finding that
Congress would not meet, he then made the
delightful trip to visit Brigham Young and his
wives, and gather the materials for that splen-
did lecture by which he interested all tho men,
women, and children of this country.
Now, sir, I object to this as unjust. I say
that if Mr. Speaker Colfax wished President
Johnson to call Congress together it was his
duty as a leading Union man to have called
upon him and asked him to do it. I object to
the radical wing of the Union party in this
House making that complaint against Presi-
dent Johnson. If they desired President John-
son to call Congress together, then, in good
faith, they should have come forward and asked
him to do it. I ask, where is the man in this
House who ever suggested such a thing to Presi-
dent Johnson? Mr. Speaker Colfax says that
he mentioned it to the President. He called
upon him a day or two after the murder of Mr.
Lincoln, not a very proper time to discuss such
a matter.
But he says he alluded to it; that he asked
President Johnson if he intended to call Con-
gress together. The President told him that
so suddenly had the responsibilities of the pres-
idential office been thrown upon him that lie
had not thought upon the matter. And Mr.
Speaker Colfax goes on to say that he did not
argue the matter then. That is the first and
the last that has been heard of a desire on the
part of Mr. Speaker Colfax or anybody else
to liave Congress assembled, cxccpt what Mr.
Colfax said to Mr. Lincoln. " He did not argue
it;" no, he expressed no wish even to him that
Congress should meet. And when President
Johnson told Mr. Speaker Colfax that tho re-
sponsibilities of his new position had been so
suddenly thrown upon him that he had not
thought about it, Mr. Speaker Colfax did not
express any desire about it.
So the only purpose of the Speaker in calling
upon tho President was to find out when Con-
gress would meet, so that he might be the
Speaker of this House; not for the purpose at
all of having Congress called together, because
he did not ask that it should be done. And
when he says in this letter, for Buncombe, that
he did not argue that matter with tho President,
I do not think he gave a fair impression of his
wishes in the premises. I do not think the
public should be misled by that intimation of
Mr. Speaker Colfax that he desired Congress
to meet, when lie did not say so, when he did
not urge it. He had not expressed (he mildest
and most modest desire to the President f r it,
but went off for months to the far West.
Yet the first thing when he came back here
was to complain that Congress was not called
together. Whose duty was it-to urge the as-
sembling of Congress? More than of all others
the Union men on this floor should have acted
together in that matter, if they really felt that
the interests of the country required that Con-
gress should meet.
And a few days ago the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ixgeksoll] made the same com-
plaint. And lie also indulged in a great deal of
denunciation on that occasion ; a denunciation
wholly unbecoming a member of this House; a
denunciation. I am free to say. that is unworthy j
to bo uttered on this floor. He denounced the I
President as a demagogue in so many words, ■
and every man who is for his policy as a lick- :
spittle, a sycophant, a man crouching at the j
feet of power to obtain office. Now, I say these i
are unworthy terms to be uttered by ono gen- ,
tleman of another. And so far as I am con- i
cerned I hurl them back in the teeth of those j
who utter them. I
Now, I wish to know what the gentleman '
from Illinois [Mr. Ixgeksoi.l] has done to
entitle him to so lecture tho friends of Andrew J
Johnson. What has he done, or what have j
those done who are the bitterest in their dennn- :
eiations of the President and of his friends? j
They have staid at home, filled offices, de-
nounced treason, and aided to crush the rebel-
lion in that way. Tho gentleman from Illi-
nois, if he is remarkable for anything, is re-
markable for his physical strength. He is in
the prime of manhood, stouter than one in ten
thousand, and yet he expends his wrath against
the rebels and rebellion in denunciation of
those who fought for the Government and who
are in favor of the restoration of peace, of
harmony, and good will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Kentucky yield to me for a moment?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish to say, Mr.
Speaker, that I do not desire to have my train
of thought interrupted during this discussion,
and I hope no gentleman will 
Mr. FARNSWOUTTI. I merely desired to
call the attention of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to the fact that my colleague [Mr. In-
gersoli.] is not now in the House.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am perfectly aware of
that, Mr. Speaker; and it is not my fault that
he is not here. I was not here when he in-
dulged in that denunciation of Andrew John-
son and his friends. 1 must take this oppor-
tunity to reply to those remarks; and I will
say to the gentleman's colleague that, if the
gentleman is not hero now, I suppose he will
be back some day; and I will account to him
for whatever 1 may now say in his absence.
I only wish, Mr. Speaker, to allude in all
fairness and courtesy to the course of that gen-
tleman. I shall do it in such terms as seem to
mo appropriate. If the gentlemau were here,
I should be glad, because I might then use
terms different from those which I emplpy
now. Let me read a part of what the gentle-
man chose to say on the ocecsion to which I
have lcfcrred:
"Sir, let Andrew Johnson remember that the very
people who arc sustaining him to-day, tho very men
who are calling upon the country to support tho
President's policy, arc tile same men who so vehe-
mently denounced him and hounded hiip a few
months ago. They are the men wtio were against
him and all otheiswho were fighting for the Govern-
ment during the bloody years ot war. None of his
oVd iriciidH support, him now. except it may be some
parasite, some lickspittle, who wants somo con-
temptible office within his gift."
Now. sir, that assertion of the gentleman
from Illinois is false, to begin with. It is un-
just to the President and his friends; and it
is more unjust to the gentleman himself than
to anybody concerned. I ask him, sir, who
are Grant and Sherman and Thomas? Are
not they supporters of the President? And
will the gentleman tell them that they are lick-
spittles Who are the hundreds of thousands
of honest and loyal men who fought in the war
for the Union and who agree with the Presi-
dent? Will the gentleman call them I; lick-
spittles?" Yes, sir; he denounces them all as
lickspittles, and men who are seeking somo
contemptible oflicel
The gentleman did not tell the House what
caused all that ebullition of passion and rage.
It was the removal of one of his friends from
a contemptible office in Peoria; an editor of a
newspaper, who was only excelled by the gen-
tleman himself in his abuse of the President
and his friends; a man who ought not to have
the influence'of an office to aid him in his pur-
poses of detraction. That man was removed,
and hence all this vile abuse of the President
and his friends; hencc this unworthy deport-
ment of a member of Congress, assailing, in
these times of doubt and distrust, tho highest
official in the nation. Sir, is that the way in
which to restore peace to the country? it is
at least the only way in which that gentleman,
and others like himself, attempt to do it.
But, sir, as 1 was remarking, this House,
from the beginning of the session, has held
lestoration in the palm of its hand. A half
hour's woik would have been sufficient to ac-
complish it at any moment. If the Lineoln-
Johnson policy had been adhered to b3' this
House; it'legally elected members from the
southern States, loyal as any here, had been
admitted upon this floor, restoration would lnjve
been accomplished.
But, asM the gentleman from Illinois, what
has Andrew Johnson done? I ask you, sir,
what lias been done in reference to this whole
matter that Andrew Johnson has not done?
And I ask again, what has been done by him
that any man on this floor wishes to have un-
done? Whatman dare say that he would repu-
diate the past action of Andrew Johnson, the
steps toward restoration which he has taken ?
Who would shut up the custom-houses in the
South and suspend the collection of customs?
