1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
deed, that this does not involve anything but
the right of possession; that I, owning a tract
of land about which two men are quarreling,
shall not have the right to say that the honest
man and not the rogue shall take it if I see fit
to grant it to either.
The nation owns the fee of every rood of
these mineral lands. Every inch of them is,
to-dajr, legally the property of the^ Republic.
The title is in the great body-politic of the
nation; and is it not a surprising doctrine that
the Government, representing this body-poli-
tic, shall not be consulted as to the question
of title between conflicting claimants? The
House cannot fail to see that this question of
possession, which itis proposed to refer to the
local tribunals, is a question of title. The gen-
tlemen from California know it. They know
that the moment the question of possession is
settled under this bill, it is made the duty of
the land department to execute a patent ac-
cordingly. Even if it were not so, there is no
occasion for transferring the question from
the land department of the Government to the
local tribunals of the miners. The machinery
of the Land Office is well understood and is
perfectly adapted to the work of settling all
disputes.
Sir, I repeat, what we want to-day is the
intervening arm of the national authority in the
settlement of all disputes and the consequent
security of titles. I see here around me gen-
tlemen from the Northwest who know some-
thing about the policy pursued in relation to
the lead and copper mines in the upper penin-
sula of Michigan and in the State of Illinois.
Years ago we adopted the policy of leasing
those mineral lauds, and retaining the fee in
the national Government. The result was an
utter failure, financially and otherwise. We
established, at length, the policy of survey and
sale, and I remember that Congress instituted
a geological survey, which was conducted, I
think, by a distinguished scientific gentleman
from my own State, David Dale Owen, in con-
nection with another gentleman; and their
labors proved to be of great value to the coun-
try and to the land department. We had also
the ordinary land survey and subdivision of the
mineral regions, and the lands were opened to
purchase upon six months' notice. The moment
we instituted this policy of survey and sale order
began to bear rule in the mining regions, sober
and intelligent citizens became purchasers and
settlers, and organized and prosperous commu-
nities were established.
Sir, I would enact a law—and the Commit-
tee on Public Lands have agreed upon a bill
to that effect—extending our surveys over all
these mineral lands. The bill provides, in
connection with the general survey, for a geo-
logical survey, the surveyor to be a mineralo-
gist and mining engineer, and the mineral re-
gions to be explored and classified preliminary
to their sale. The bill, however, provides that
these lands shall be open to occupancy and
settlement, and the title is to be conferred
in fee upon every man who is, or shall hereaf-
ter be found, in the occupancy of the lands,
and developing the same, on payment of the
fees of the Land Office and the costs of survey.
Unlike the bill before the House, we require
no thousand dollars' worth of improvement
beforehand, and no five dollars per acre as a
price, but we say to tlxo adventurers and ex-
plorers from all quarters: explore these min-
eral regions; select your claim ; occupy and
improve it in good faith, and you shall have
your lead or vein of land, with its minerals,
on these conditions. This is the homestead
law, in its essential principles, applied to these
fields of gold and silver.
That is the policy that I propose. A bill
making provision for these things and conform-
ing to the land policy of the United States has
been agreed upon by the Committee on Public
Lands, as I hare stated; and I have offered
the sections of that bill as a substitute &r the
bill now before us. I hope, if any legislation
is to be had upon this subject at this session, it
will be legislation of that character, and I can
see no reason whatever for discarding the well-
tried instrumentality of the iand Office for the
purpose of trying experiments like this. I know
it is said by the friends of this bill that these
mines are so numerous and so peculiarly situ-
ated, and the strife growing out of them is so
unusual, that the land department is incapable
of settling it at all; that it would cost the min-
ers more than their claims are worth to settle
their disputes except in their local tribunals,
and that it would be practical confiscation to
require these disputes to be settled as other
land controversies. But why should this be
so? There are land offices in the mining dis-
tricts. They are there for the purpose of sur-
veying and disposing of the agricultural lands.
The machinery of these offices extends every-
where over the Republic, and whether it ap-
plies to the gold and silver lands or not. I want
to know why these offices cannot be used in the
settlement of these difficulties.
Mr. McIfcUER. I would ask the gentleman
if the registers and receivers of the land office
have final jurisdiction over these questions, and
if every single case brought before them is not
subject to appeal to the Land Office in this city V
Mr. J ULIAN. I will answer the gentleman.
1 supposed he knew, having been in California,
and knowing all about these questions, that
there is an appeal from the local land offices to
the General Land Office in Washington. But
let me say further that I can imagine no reason
why the United States, owning these lands in
fee, should not have the right on final appeal
to determine the question of title. It may be
attended with expense. It may be that a poor
man in Nevada could not carry up his case to
Washington, while a rich man could, but still
the nation ought not to thrust itself in the way
of supplicants for relief. Why should we close
the door against them ? And let me say, that
under the bill of the Senate, there may be
litigation in the Federal courts at all events.
If there is a claim between citizens of dif-
ferent States that delay and litigation which
the gentleman so much dreads might occur.
He does not wholly evade the difficulty by
taking the jurisdiction from the local land
offices; but I venture to say that in ninety-nine
cases out of a hundred the final adjudication
will be before the registers and receivers of
the local land office. It would only be in rare
cases that an appeal would be sought. All
disputed claims beween preemptors and pur-
chasers and homestead claimants on the pub-
lic lands go before these officers, and the
claimants of mineral lands certainly ought to
have the right to appeal if they should desire it.
But, Mr. Speaker, I need not dwell upon
that. If this bill is not disposed of in the way
that I desire, by the adoption of the substitute
I have offered, then I shall propose to amend
certain features in the way I will now indicate.
Where it requires the purchaser to pay five dol-
lars per acre, I would change it so that he may
pay hut SI 25 per acre, in conformity with our
laws in other cases. The object is not to make
money by the sale of these lands so much as
to develop them. And any policy which stim-
ulates exploration and development is the wisest
policy for the Government, for individual wealth
is national wealth.
I also propose to strike out that clause which
requires the minerto have expended $1,000 on
his improvementbefore he can obtain a title to
it. I think if a man spends $500, or even $100,
on a vein, he should have a title; or even if
he has expended a dollar on it, and will go on
it, and work it and develop it, the Government
ought to give him a title. I would not cripple
the exploration and settlement of these lands
by the interposition of this obstacle of $1,000.
It might .do for my distinguished friend, the
Senator from Nevada, to exact a condition of
that kind ; it might put money in his pocket,
for aught I know. But it cannot serve the in-
terests of the rank and file, the poor men who
are exploring these mines and desire to find
homes. And I propose further to provide, in
accordance with the views already expressed,
that the settlement of disputed cases shall be
determined by the land department' of the
Government, as in other cases, subject to the
right of ultimate appeal to the Land Office at
Washington.
If we adopt this bill at all it certainly should
be with the amendments I have indicated. But
I hope the substitute I have, offered may pre-
vail. I wish to inquire of the Speaker, before
I take my seat, whether it is now in order for me
to move to commit this bill to the Committee
on Public Lands, as I gave notice the other day
I would do, that committee now having charge
of the subject.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order.
Mr. JULIAN. I will make that motion.
As I said before, this bill is in the Committee
on Public Lands, who have partially matured
it. We are now completing the consideration
of it, and perhaps after another session we will
be through with it. The bill has been reen-
acted by the Senate under a false title, and is
hurriedly brought hefeforthe purpose of oust-
ing a standing committee of this House of its
jurisdiction. That action, 1 claim, ought not
to receive the sanction of this House, unless we
are willing to take from our standing commit-
tees their powers in the preliminary examina-
tion of questions upon which we are to act. I
now move that this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
message from the senate.
A message from'the Senate, l>y Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced to the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, a
House bill (No. 776) in relation to the unlaw-
ful tapping of Government water-pipes.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with an amendment, a joint
resolution of the House (No. 190) in regard to
rations of Union soldiers held as prisoners of
war, in which amendment the concurrence of
the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 133) to change
the place of holding the terms of the circuit
court for the district of West Virginia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) for the
benefit of the Illinois Soldiers' College and
Military Academy.
leaves of absence.
. Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, asked and obtained
indefinite leave of absence for himself.
Mr. SCHliNOK. My colleague, Mr. Bundv,
is compelled to leave on imperative business,
and I ask leave of absence for the remainder
of the session for liim.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted.
printing of testimony.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Territories, reported certain testimony taken
by that committee, in pursuance of the order
of the House, in connection with Utah ; which
was laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
leave op absence.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask leave of absence
for my colleague, Mr. Bcckalew, after Wed-
nesday next.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must object to
any further leaves of absence being granted
this session, unless some very good reason is
assigned.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
absence for the gentleman from Iowa, Mr.
Grtxnell.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair- asks leave of
absence for the gentleman from Missouri, Mr.
Noell.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the votes this morning show the presence of
only eighteen more than a quorum.
