1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
reservation of the eleven rebellious States on
the same basis as the loyal States of the Union.
Thus, by the action of Congress in appor-
tioning direct taxes and representation, the
status of the eleven seceded States was fixed,
anil the States included" within this Union.
Alter the action of Congress in so many in-
stances declaring these States to be in the
Union, it seems to rne a declaration now by
the same Congress that these States are out of
the Union, having no political existence, not
entitled to representation, is a proposition so
monstrous that it will fall upon the ears of the
country, and especially those of the soldiers
who fought to maintain the proposition that
those States could not go out of the Union,
with astounding effect.
Now, sir. I desire to present some of the
views entertained by our lamented late Chief
Magistrate, Abraham Lincoln, on the same
point, showing that he was desirous of carry-
ing out the same plan of reconstruction and
entertained the same views that are found in
the message of President Johnson, to wit:
That the eleven seceded States whose citizens
have been engaged in a rebellion for the pur-
pose of dividing this Union and setting up a
separate government for themselves have sig-
nally failed, and the legitimate and logical re-
sult of that failure is, that the Union is not
divided ; a separate Government is not in ex-
istence ; the States are not out but in the Union.
Instead of two Governments we have but one
—one Constitution and one llag ; and in the
name of the Constitution of this proud Repub-
lic, the flag of this glorious Union, the thou-
sands of bones of Union soldiers bleaching on
southern soil, I do here protest against this
House, by its legislation, blotting out eleven
stars from that glorious emblem of our unity
and strength: a thing that was tried for over
four years by hundreds of thousands of armed
men in rebellion and which they most signally
failed to accomplish.
*1 will now call the attention of this House to
the proclamation of President Lincoln, issued
December 8, 1803, in which he fully sustains
the position I have taken :
" I do further proclaim, declare, and malte known,
that whenever, in any ol' tlie States of Arkansas,
Tex.is, Louisiana, J'-.li. :-lj-51E-J>i. Tennessee, Alabama,
Georgia. Florida, South Carolina, and North (Jaro-
lina, a number of persons, not loss than one tenth in
number of the votes east, in such State at the prc-i-
dential election of the year of our Lord ISfiO, each
having taken the oath aforesaid and not having since
violated it, and being a qualified voter by the election
law of the .State existing immediately beior.e the so-
cailed act of secession, and excluding all others, shall
reestablish a Stategoyernmentwhiehshallbe repub-
lican, andin nowitecontiaveningsaid oath, such shall
be recognized as the true government of the State,
and the State shall receive thereunder the benefits of
the constitutional provision which declare-; that 'the
United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion.'"
You see from the reading of this proclama-
tion that President Lincoln's idea was to main-
tain these States in the Union, and to give to
the loyal portion the right to control the State
governments, thereby forming a nucleus around
which the loyal and true might rally in oppo-
sition to the disloyal and untrue. A very dif-
ferent position from that taken by some mem-
bers of this House, who, by refusing to recog-
nize loyal members electcd by the loyal people
of one of those States, place them on a par
with rebels, giving no encouragement what-
ever to the men who have been loyal and true
during the whole rebellion in the southern
States, whereby they might organize such a
strong and powerful party as would give full
and complete protection to the rights of all,
both black and white.
And again, sir, on the 11th day of April last
President Lincoln spoke to the people of Wash-
ington, just three days belore his assassination,
from which I quote the following:
"In the annual message of December, 1863. and
accompanying proclamation, I presented a plan of
reconstruction, (as the phrase goes.) which 1 promised,
if adopted by any State, should bo acceptable to and
sustained by the executive Government ot the na-
" This plan was, in advance, submitted to the then
Cabinot, and distinctly approved by every member
of it." * * * * " Every part and parcel
of the plan which has since been employed or touched
by the action of Louisiana."
"Some twelve thousand voters in the heretofore
slave State of Louisiunahaveswornallegiancetothe
Union; assumed to be the righttul political power of
the State; held elections; organized a free govern-
ment: adopted a free State constitution, giving the
benefit of public schools equally to black and white,
and empowering the Legislature to confer the elective
franchise upon the colored man. Their Legislature
has already voted to ratify the constitutional amend-
ment recently passed by Congress abolishing siaveiy
throughout thenation. These twelve thousand per-
sons are thus fully committed to the Union, and to
perpetual fieedom in the States, committed to the
very things, and nearly all the things, the nation
wants, and they ask the nation's recognition and its
assistance to make good that committal.
"Now, if we reject and spurn them, we do our ut-
most to disorganize and disperse them. We, in etfect,
say to the white man,' You are worthless, or worse;
\\ e will neither help you nor be helped by you.' To
the blacks we say, 'This cup of liberty which these,
your old masters, hold toyour lips, wcwill dash from
jou, and leave you to the chances of gathering the
spilled and scattered contents, in somevague and un-
defined when, where, and how.' If this course, dis-
couraging and paralyzing both to white and black,
has any tendency to biins Louisianainto piopei prac-
tical relations with_ the Union, 1 have, so tar, been
unable to pcreeive it.
"11, on the contrary, we recognize and sustain the
new government of Louisiana, the converse of all this
is made true. Wo encourage the hearts and nerve
the arms of the twelve thousand to adhere to their
woik, and argue for it, and proselyte for it, and fight
for it, and feed it, and prow it, and ripen it to a, com-
plete success. The colored man, too, seeing all united
lor him, is inspired with vigilance and energy and
daring to the same end. Grant that he desires the
elective franchise. Will he not attain it sooner by
saving the already advanced steps toward it than by
running backward o\or tliem? Concede that the
new government of Louisiana is only to what it
should be as the egg is to the fowl, wc shall sooner
have the fowl by hatching the egg than by smashing
it.'' * ■■ ' * Y
" I repeat the question, ' Can Louisiana be brought
into proper practical relation with the Union sooner
by sustaining or by discaiding licr new State govern-
ment ?' What has been said of Louisiana will apply
generally to other States."
From the foregoing remarks of Mr. Lincoln,
it is e\idcnt that the executive branch of the
Government was and is committed to the policy
that these States are in the Union as States.
The evidence is abundant that Congress by its
legislation; the President by his proclamation,
had. no other purpose than to perpetuate the
Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights
of the several States unimpaired. This same
policy and principle was indorsed by the con-
vention at Baltimore that nominated Mr. Lin-
coln and Mr. Johnson; and was most triumph-
antly confirmed at the polls by the people
who elected tliem President and Vice President
of the United States.
It will be remembered that the policy inau-
gurated by Mr. Lincoln, known as his recon-
struction policy, and attempted to be carried
out by Mr. Johnson, was as much ratified by
the people as any other part of Mr. Lincoln's
administration.
I may, however, bo asked by what right has
the President appointed provisional governors
for the rebellious or seceded States? I think
the President was justified in doing so. and that
it was his imperative duty so to do. ' The States
had been in rebellion. The rebellion had been
conquered; they were leit without any State
governments, and the duty devolving upon the
Executive in the execution of the laws and the
Constitution, and in guarantying to each State
a republican form of government. It became
a necessity in order to put the machinery of
the State government in proper shape and mo-
tion. The same as out of necessity grew the
authority for the issuing of the emancipation
proclamation, an inherent power, residing in a
government higher and above the Constitution
—the right of self-preservation.
As Chief Executive of the nation it was his
sworn duty to enforce the execution of the Con-
stitution and the laws passed in pursuance
thereof, and to prepare the way for the loyal
people of'those States to have that protection
which our Government should afford them ; to
give them protection in the exercise of an in-
herent right that is older than the Government
itself; the right to regulate their domestic af-
fairs in thc-ir own way, subject alone to the
Constitution of the United States; and that
they might restore their constitutional relations
with the Government of the United States by,
adopting for themselves a constitution and Stats
government that would be republican in form.
Now, Mr. Speaker, those who have followed
the thread of my remarks will see that I claim
our forefathers to have intended to make this
Union perpetual, and tliat the late war was pros-
ecuted for the purpose of perpetuating that great
principle. The blood of our brothers and sons
was shed upon many a battle-field for the pur-
pose of preserving and saving those States as
a part of the great whole, and not for the pur-
pose of destroying or wiping them oat of exist-
ence. Every act of the Government during this
bloody conflict has recognized them as insurgent
States, with a view to their restoration to their
former relations to the General Government,
and not with a view to their destruction as States.
Hence it will be seen that I do not subscribe to
the theory of "dead or defunct" States, but
insist, in the language of President J ohuson,
that the whole cannot exist without the parts,
nor the parts without the whole.
I believe it is admitted by all that the Union
was designed to be perpetual. If that be true, it
must from necessity follow as equally true that
the States are perpetual. I contend that the
Government was administered during the four
years of rebellion by Mr. Lincoln upon the idea
of the perpetuity of the Union and the States,
and that Mr. Johnson shows clearly in his mes-
sage that his intentions are to administer it upon
the same loyal, legal, and proper principle.
This great principle lias been canonized in
the hearts and minds of the loyal people of the
United States, and I am curious to know why
it is the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stuvexs,] and those who hold to
the same new-fangled ideas, are so extremely
anxious to abandon the safe line that has car-
ried us so successfully through so many storms
and over the boisterous billows of the Red sea
of the rebellion and landed us safely upon the
broad platform of the Constitution.
There must ho some reason for it that I can-
not see or understand that lies deep beneath
the surface that will only show itself when their
objects are accomplished. I wish I could be-
lieve that this new and startling doctrine of
" dead or defunct'' States were the result of an
honest conviction of the better judgment of
these gentlemen. I could then have more
charity for their views.
But I believe tlicir object to be, first, to reduce
those States to a territorial condition, and then
to legislate for tliem by Congress, and in that
w.ay, by act of Congress, declare universal suf-.
frago, or in other words, give the negroes the
right io vole in those eleven seceded States.
To this I am opposed. First, because Con-
gress has no right to destroy the States. Sec-
ond, Congress has no right to regulate the suf-
frage question in any State, that being a right
guarantied to the people of the different States
by the Constitution of the UniledStates. Third,
1 think it would be proper in us of the northern
Slates to change our own State constitutions so
as to enfranchise the black man at home before
we undertake to force this doctrine upon States
with whose domestic affairs we have nothing to
do, and who are not here represented and can
have no voice in the affair.
I may be asked, however, what action I would
take in reference to these southern States? In
answer I would say that I would treat them
with as much kindness as their conduct from
time to time showed tliem entitled to receive.
I would keep a sufficient military force in each
one of those States to insure a prompt and faith-
ful execution of the Constitution and laws. 1
would guaranty such protection to the frcedmen
as w onia insure them against harm or violence,
and give them full and complete protection iri
all their rights. I would admit the lo3ral dclo-
,rates sent here from T ennessee, that State hav-
iii"- been exempted from the emancipation proc-
lamation of Mr. Lincoln as a loyal State, the
members-elect from that State being loyal and
true men, one or more of them scar-worn vet-
erans, who have served during the whole war
in the Union Army, and being in favor of thus
