*08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB'R
December 21,
tmctioh of color. Thepetitioners proceed to say
that "without this political privilege we will
have no security for our personal rights and no
means to secure the blessings of education to
bur children." "The State/' they add, "needs
our vote to make the State loyal to the Union
tod to bring its laws and administration into
harmony with the present dearly-bouglit policy
of the country, and we respectfully suggest that
had the constitution of South Carolina been
free, as we now ask that it shall be hereafter,
this State would not have led one third of the
United States into treason against the nation.
For this object your petitioners will, asin duty
bound, ever pray," &c. I take pleasure in being
able to say, Mr. President, that the persons
whose names appear to this petition are real
persons, and that very many of them have ren-
dered important services to the cause of the
Union during the rebellion. I ask that the
petition may be referred to the joint committee
on reconstruction, so-called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ref-
erence will be ordered.
* REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Joshua D. Todd, a lieutenant in the Navy,
praying to be allowed the difference of pay
between master and passed midshipman dur-
ing the time he was acting master, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 57} for
the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant Joshua D.
Todd, late of the United States Navy, deceased.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
joint committee to investigate Indian affairs to
offer a resolution, which I shall ask to have
considered at the present time. It relates to
the publication of the report of that committee
and the evidence taken by it; and as Congress
is about to adjourn over the holidays, I will say
to my honorable friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, that I exceedingly de-
sire that it be acted on to-day in order that the
printing of the testimony may be going on during
the recess. There will bo less crowding on the
printing office now than there will be at a sub-
sequent period in the session, and if the print-
ing is begun during the recess the committee
will be able to make their final report at an
earlier day. The committee had the subject
under consideration in their meeting this morn-
ing. and agreed to recommend that two thou-
sand fivo hundred additional copics be printed
for the use of the Senate, one thousand for the
use of the Indian Bureau, and six thousand
five hundred for the use of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which would be ten thousand
copies in all. The resolution is as follows:
llciohcd, That the report of tbe.iomt committee (o
investigate Indian affairs lie inintcd, and that two
thousand fivo hundred additional copies be printed
and bouiidibrthoa.se of the Senaf e, n ml one thousand
additional copies for the use of the Uureau of Indian
Affairs.
The committee were also in favor of the print-
ing of six thousand five hundred copies for the
use of the House, but. under tho rules, each
House orders the printing for itself, and there-
fore this resolution is confined to tho printing
for the Senate and the Indian Bureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule, this resolution will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. If tho object of tho Sen-
ator from W isconsin is to have a report from
tho Committee on Printing to-day, it would be
hardly practicable. One of our colleagues is
absent, and it would bo impossible to obtain
from tho Superintendent of Public Priming an
estimate of the cost, without which the Com-
mittee on Printing are r.otin tho habit of making
any reports. As to the necessity of printing
this document and the number of copics to be
printed, wo should be governed entirely by the
views of the committee of which the"Senator
from Wisconsin is chairman. I think, there-
fore, that by unanimous consent whatever num-
ber of copies the committee think best to have
printed on the part of the Senate had better be
assented to at once without a reference. It
is not customary for the Senate to order piint-
ing for the House of Representatives. That
would not be proper.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not contained
in the resolution. I will state in reply to my
honorable friend, that this matter was under
consideration this morning in a full commit-
tee, and they were unanimously of the opinion
that there should be printed two thousand five
hundred extra copies for the Senate, one thou-
sand for tho Indian Bureau, and six thousand
five hundred copies for the House ; but this is-
simply a resolution as to the printing for the
use of tho Senate. I hope we may, by unani-
mous consent, order the printing, for it will
come at some other time, and it had better be
begun now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks the unanimous cop-
sent of the Senate to consider this resolution at
the present time. Is there any objection? No
objection being made, the resolution is before
the Senate, and the question is on its adoption.
The resolution was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
54) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate a national military and naval asylum
for the relief of the totally disabled officers
and men of the volunteer forces of the United
Stateswhich was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to tho Committee on Military Affairs
and tho Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 55)
to maintain and enforce the freedom of tho in-
habitants of the United States : which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent Obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
50) granting a pension to Mary C. Hamilton;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRAG-IN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States: which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S. No.
G) supplying appropriate legislation to enforce
i the amendment to the Constitution prohibiting
! slavery, was taken from the table, read a sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S. No.
7) to enforce the guarantee of a republican form
of government in certain States whose govern-
ments have been usurped or overthrown, was
taken from the table, read a second time by its
title, and referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction.
COXi'IXEMEXT 03? JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent. and agreed to:
Whereas tho Constitution declares that "in all
the
uiy
     avo
been committed:" and whereas severvl months have
elapsed since Jefferson Davis, late president of the so-
called confederate States, was captured and confined
lor acta notoriously done by him as Mich, which acts,
if dutv proved, render him guilty of treason against
the United States, and liable to the penalties thereof:
and wbereai hostilities between the Government of
the United State* and the insurgent,;havc< cjj-rd, and
not one of the hitter, so far as i -■ known to the. Senate,
is now helil in confinement ior the part he may liave
acted in the rebellion except said Jefferson I>avis:
Therefore.
]U:inlvd, That the President be respcctfnlly re-
quested, il compatible with the public safetv, to in-
form tho beuato upon what chaige,-> or_ for what
reasons said Joiieivon Da.vi.s is still held in confine-
ment, and. why ho has not been put upon his trial.
MILITARY TRIALS AT T1II0 SOUTH.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jlesnh'nl, That the Secretary of. War he directed to
eomaiunieatc to the Senate a copy ot the records and
proceedings, -with the review of the same by the
■fudge Advocate General, of tho mil i tary roinmisjions
by which tho following-named persons were tried
and eonvietod, namely: 1. li W. Andrews, of South
Carolina: 2. J. M. Brown and C. C. Keete, of Geor-
gia: 3- J. L. McMillan and Nicl AletJUl, of North
Carolina.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted tho fol-
lowing resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency
of abolishing tho franking privilege now allowed to
members of Congress, except upon written commu-
nications.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the following bills be printed :
A bill (S. No. 35) to grant one million acres ef pub-
lic lands for tho beneflt of public schools in the Dis-
trict of Columbia:
A bill (S. No. 49) more effectually to provide for the
national defense by establishing a uniform militia
throughout tho United States: and
A bill (S. Ho. 50) in relation to tho Freedmen's
Bureau.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That the hill (S. No. 34) in relation to tho
qualification of jurors and to writs of error in certain
cases be printed.
DEBTS DEE TIIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolution
and ask for its present consideration:
lir-nnlved, That the heads of the State, Treasury,
War, Navy, and Interior .Departments, and thePost-
niaKer General, report by alphabetical lists tho
name*! of all persons indebted to the United States
according to the recoids and papeis of their respect-
ive Departments, reporting tho amount owing by
each person up to the 3Uth of J one,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomerot
in the chair.) This resolution can only be con-
sidered by unanimous consent at the present
time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not rise to object to
the resolution: I have never objected to a res-
olution of inquiry since 1 have been in the Sen-
ate ; but I should like to have the Senator from
Kentucky explain the object of this resolution.
I suppose it, would take twenty clerks three
months to prepare such a report as is called for
by the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the honorable Senator's
estimate of the work that will be required to
respond to this resolution is greatly exagger-
ated unless the books are very imperfectly kept.
I suppose one or two clerks in a very short time
could compile all the information asked for in
the resolution. My reason for offering it is this:
I believe from information I have received that
there is a large number of defaulting debtors to
tho Government, and I want to know who they
are, where they are, and what steps are being
taken to hold them to an accountability for their
defalcation.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection, sir.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. I think the resolution
had better lie over; and upon the general sub-
ject of resolutions of this kind I desire to say a
few words, but I wish my friend from Kentucky
not to regard the remarks I am about to make
as having any particular reference to thib more
than to other cases.
Tho little experience that I had as a Depart-
ment officer satisfied me tha t if tho members of
Congress understood how much labor they gave
occasion for, and how much expense in print-
ing by tho calls which are mado for informa-
tion. they would before offering resolutions of
this kind in the respective Houses take pains
to inquire in the first place and ascertain ex-
actly what they do want and what would prob-
ably be tho result of the call. In the Treasury
Department those debts and defaults of one
kind and another have been accumulating for
a great number of years ; and recently, accord-
ins to my information—f know the proposition
was made while I was in the Treasury Depart-
ment—a special agent has been appointed with
