1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3093
tiling looking to restoration; and not only that,
but the citizens of those States which have
been in rebellion, whether loyal or disloyal,
are deprived of any right they may have to
assert their claims upon the Treasury, or to
occupy any position under the Government.
Sly friend from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] some
weeks ago offered a resolution by which they
are debarred from admission to the West Point
Academy. The children of these Tennessee
soldiers, who have laid down their lives that
the nation might live, when they come up and
ask places at West Point are told that they
cannot be allowed admission there. I would
like to hoar the gentleman's answer to one of
these boys, whose father has fallen in the ser-
vice of the country and whose mother has paid
taxes to support, the Government and lias con-
tributed to this fund for the support of West
Point, when he applies for admission to that
institution. I should like to know what ho
could say to such a son of such a father. And
yet that resolution would deprive all the people
of the insurrectionary States, without regard to
whether they are loyal or disloyal, of the right
to receive any of the advantages of Vv est Point.
Now, if that is not frittering away all the
results of this war, if that is not rendering null
and of no effect all that we have striven to
gain, I do not know what is. Tfanythingwoise
than that could be done, 1 cannot imagine what
it would be. It is placing the loyal and disloyal
on tlie same footins, insisting that they shall all
be disfranchised alike. 1 have only to say to the
men on this floor who choose to turn their backs
on the loyal men of the South, who have been
true to tlicm and to the cause of their country
through this war, that if 1 had held out the in-
ducements they did urnl then turned my back-
on them when the time for the exercise of power
came, I would hang my head ill shame ; I would
not look in the face of any gentleman whom I
hail so inveighed into riveting the shackles upon
the limbs of his own people.
But we will not submit to this. There will
be no trouble about it in time. We will have
a hearing before the people, and then all this
mailer will be righted. I do not believe the
people of this nation will give up the Govern-
ment in this way. 1 do not believe they will
allow anv man,"whether ho claims to be loyal
or disloyal, to destroy it. I do not believe they
will allow the Union for which they fought so
bravely to be broken up in this manner.
We have heard a great deal said about seces-
sion, and about its being a crime. I hold it to
be as much of a crime as other men do, but
did the doptrine of secession originate in the
South? Not at all; it came from the very men
who are now the bitterest and the most pro-
scrintive in this the time of the nation's trouble,
ft comes from the State of Massachusetts, from
Josiah Quincy and John Quiney Adams, who
taught secession to the men of the South.
Now, as long as John Qi;incy Adams lived I
was one of his warmest admirers. When I
was a boy I was an " Adams man,'' and I ad-
mire him to this (lav. although in his latter
days he insisted upon the right of secession, as
did Josiah Quincy, and taught it to these
people of trhe South. Yet I denounced seces-
sion and do now all the same. Let me read
you what John Quincy Adams said in 1843
about secession:
"Wo hesitate not to say that annexation [of Texas]
effected by any act or proceodingof tbcFederal Gov-
ernment, or any of its Departments, would be iden-
tical with dissolution. It would be a violation of
our national compact, its objects, designs, and the
great elementary in ineiples which entered into its
formation, of a character so deep and fundamental,
and would be an attempt to eternize an institution
and power of a nature so unjust in themselves, so
injurious to the interests and abhorrentto the feel-
ings of the people of the free States, as in our opin-
ion not only inevitably to result in a dissolution of
the Union, but fully to justify it."
That, sir, is from John Quincy Adams, in a
document published by him and signed by him
and nine other members of Congress at that
time. He insisted upon the right of breaking
up the Government if Texas was annexed.
Josiah Quiney started the same theory long
before on a question precisely similar. And I
wish to read what he said on that subject. It
is as follows;
" If this bill passes ["for the admission of Louisiana]
it is my deliberate opinion that it is virtually a dis-
solution of the Union, that it will free the States from
their moral obligations, and^s it will be the right of '
all, so it will be the duty of some, delimtolyto pre-
pare for a separation, amicably if they can, violently
if they must."
That is an extract from Gales & Seaton's
Annals of Congress of 1810 and 1811, and,
strange to say, Mr. Quincy gives the very same
reasons that the secessionists gave when they
began this effort to break up this Government,
that when, a contract was broken by one of the
parties to it, of course the other party had a
right to repudiate. He gave this reason :
"Is there a moral principle of public law better
settled or more conformable to the plainest sugges-
tions of reason than that tho violation of a, contract by
ono of the parties may be considered as exempting
the others from its obligations?"
There, sir, is the beginning of the doctrine
of secession! A portion of the southern peo-
ple attempted to carry out this principle. We
put it down : but let those who taught tho doc-
trine not insist upun too much castigation of
others for well learning what they so well
taught.
Now, sir, I should be ashamed of myself if
I should come upon this floor to arraign the
people of Massachusetts, to denounce and
abuse them for any opinions which may have
been held by the ieading men of that State;
1 should be ashamed of myself as a member
of Congress, or as a private man, if J should do
so unworthy a thing. But,, sir, how often have
we, had those flings at the State of Kentucky.
And where do they come from? 1 wish,
sir, to call the attention of the House to what
was said a few days ago by a Senator from the
State of Massachusetts: and 1 wish, once for
all, to denounce this self-righteous coneeit, let
it come whence it may.
Senator Wn.sox, on the floor of tho Senate,
used this language:
"I havr; felt that this struggle, which was a con-
test of® as, of thoughts, of acts, and of blood, was a
logical and philosophical contest. It was a contest
between men trained in the spirit of liberty; that
spirit which embraces in its affections all the chil-
dren of men of every clime and race; that spirit
which pulls not the highest down, but lifts the low-
est up, on tho one hand, and on the other the dark,
malignant spii it of shivery, which shrivels thomind
and debases the soul. Tor two hundred years the
one side had been trained to the love of freedom,
justice, and humanity, a ml the other had been trained
in the spiiit of cn-te. it was a content of giants; it
was the ' irrepressible conflictand it came to blows;
and when it did come to blows it rocked the conti-
nent with its power. We have tiiumplied."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I protest^ against any
corner of this nation, or any considerable por-
tion of it, assuming to itself the right to give
morals and laws to the remainder of the world ;
and I especially object, sir, when such an at-
tempt is made by a portion of the country
whence came not only the doctrine of seces-
sion and revolution, and appeals to resist the
measures of Congress, but where was origi-
nated in this country the system of slavery
itself. The first place, sir. upon this conti-
nent to which slaves were ever brought was
Boston. I wish to detain the House a mo-
ment, in showing that slavery had its origin on
this continent in that portion of the United
States, and that it legally continued there,
though virtually abolished, but by law remain-
ing until a very late day, a few months ago.
I read from Moore's History of Slavery in
Massachusetts:
" Slavery having never been formally prohibited
by legislation in Massachusetts, continued to 'sub-
sist in point of law' until tho year 1866, when the
grand constitutional amendment terminated it for-
ever throughout tho limits ol the United States. It
would be not the least remarkable of tho circum-
stances connected with this strange and eventful his-
tory, that although virtually abolished before, the
actual prohibitionof slavery in Massachusetts as well
as Kentucky should be accomplished by tho votes ot
South Carolina and Georgia."—Page 242.
Now, sir, I insist that it is not for the repre-
sentatives of such a community to come here
asserting that wo shall learn our notions of
morals or law or liberty from them. _ Sir, there
is no doubt, from the evidence of history, that
at an early day the leading men of Massa-
chusetts did enslave their own race; enslaved
the Indians; enslaved the negroes. They sold
into bondage the children of Quakers, because
the latter disagreed with them in reference to
religious matters. Tliey sold into slavery the
Indians who had surrendered to them on a
promise to be treated as prisoners of war. ^
I hold in my hand a book in which these faets
are proved by historical and documentary evi-
dence, and 1 have as yet seen no attempt at a
contradiction of these statements in any of the
papers of the country, although always alive to
matters of this sort.
Now, sir, that Senator tells us that for two
hundred years his people have been "trained
to the love of freedom, justice, and humanity."
Sir, 1 shall proceed to read some extracts from
Moore's History of Slavery in Massachusetts.
1 find on page ^07 advertisements published in
that State as late as the year 1780, after the
Declaration of Independence, by which all men
were asserted to be free and equal.
From the Continental Journal, November
25, 1779:
" To be sold, a likely negro girl, sixteen years of
age, for no fault, but want of employ."
From the same, December 1G, 1790;
" To be sold, a strong, likely negro gill," &c.
From the Independent Chronicle, March 9,
1780:
" 'J'o be sold, for want of employment, an exceeding
likely negro girl, aged sixteen."
From the same, March 30 and April 6, 1780:
" To be sold, very cheap, for no other reason than
want of employ, an exceeding active negro boy, aged
lil'tccn; also a likely negro girl, aged seventeen."
From the Continental Journal, August 17,
1780:
"To be sold, a likely negro boy."
From the same, August 24 and September 7:
"To be sold, or let for a term of years, a strong,
hearty, likely negro girl."
From the same, October 26, 1780:
"To be sold, a likely negro boy, about thirteen
years old, well calculated to wait on a gentleman.
Inquire of the printer."
What do we have immediately after that?
" To be sold, a likely young cow and calf. Inquiro
of tho printer."
[Laughter.]
From the Independent Chronicle, December
1-1, 21, and l>8, 1780:
" A negro child, soon expeetcd, of a good breed,
may bo owned by any person inclining to take it, and
money with it."
Mr. Speaker, slavery is a crime. I know it,
and perhaps as many wrongs have been done
in the South as in any country where slavery
has been permitted ; but never, sir, have I heard
that unborn children were sold or promised to
be given away—never, sir, have I heard of that
in the South. We have had great complaints
about, slavery in the South ; we have heardof
things which disgrace the South, the separation
of mothers from tlieir children, but southern
mail as I am, 1 have never yet heard of a child
being sold down there or promised to be given
away before it was born in order not to lose a
day of the services of its mother.
Shall we, then, be told by gentlemen who
live in this land where all these things have
been done that they alone have been true m
the cause of liberty," and that all the liberty we
are to enjoy shall be taught and secuied by
them? Shall they come to teach us hbertv?
Are they the men who are fitted to do it. 11
this be the liberty and if these are the morals
which they wish to bring into the South, in
God'sname, I say, let them keep them at home !
We may be bad enough as it is, but we would
be infinitely worse if we followed such teach-
111 Much has been said about good, brave old
Kentucky in this contest. It has been said she
was one half on one side and one half on the
other. Unjust flings have been made against
her upon this floor.
Now, I wish to say that not only secession
and slavery were inherited from Massachu-
setts, but, sir. this doctrine of neutrality also
came from there. In 1812 Governor Strong,
