THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4(0iS3
It has also bfeen brfote" the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and they approve of it. And, sir, I
hope that' this House will pass the bill just as
it came ffijm the' Senate, without any further
amendment; because there is an imperative
necessity for something being done that will
SsS'ure the people in those regions that the Gov-
ernment does not mean to undermine them. >
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. HIGBY. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Nevada.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker,
as a matter of course, in the brief space allowed
me, I cannot discuss this bill fully. There are
two or three objections that have been urged
to this measure as if they were of vital impor-
tance. It is objected, first, that our local rules
in regard to mining are conflicting. In regard
to that, I will gay that they are not so much so
as the report which was read this morning
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
would indicate. There are differences, it is
true, but by no means to the extent indicated,
as some of us know by experience.
Again, it is said that this bill is to overturn
the whole land system of the United States.
Sir, the United States has had a system appli-
cable to farming lands, but since the discovery
of our gold and silver mines, I will ask any
gentleman to tell me what system this Gov-
ernment has had. In 18-50 it was proposed
to legislate upon this subject. A discussion
took place in the Senate, but ultimately noth-
ing was done, on the ground that, Congress
was not sufficiently informed, and it would,
therefore, leave the people of the mining re-
gion to get along as best they could. Accord-
ingly, they were let alone, and for seventeen
years they have been going on under their own
local rules. Rights of property have grown
up. Men have spent seventeen years of their
lives there, and invested their capital. Their
future hopes are all centered in that country.
They have considered themselves safe hereto-
fore, and I tell you if we could be sure that
the Congress of the United Stales would never
interfere with our occupation of these lauds,
would never survey and cut them up into
square parcels and sell them at auction, we
would not come here asking you to dispose of
these lands in the manner proposed by this
bill, because the local title would be consid-
ered safe.
Sir, we ask gentlemen not to put us off. We
want security. We have lived there almost a
generation, and is it too much that we come
here and ask you to pass this measure ? Are
we to be charged with being impudent because
we are earnest and want you to believe us? Wo,
as American citizens, ask that we shall have
the same rights as you have. You own your
property here. We ask that the Government
of the U nited States shall give us the same titles
to ours. I know that the response of every
true man is that we arc right. Why should we
be lessees and tenants always ? Is that the sys-
tem that the American Government wishes to
establish—that all the rest of you may own
your homes, but we who delve in the earth for
the precious metals shall be tenants and serfs
always? I ask the House now to say "no."
Heretofore the United States has had no sys-
tem in regard to the mineral lands. Now we
propose that the people shall hold these lands
under their local rules. This is a legalization
of the system by the United States, a thing
which has never been done except by permis-
sion heretofore. We ask that our occupation
may be declared legal, simply retaining the
right on the part of the United States to dis-
pose ultimately of these lands to the possessors.
That is the first section of the bill.
This bill gives a permissive right to a man
in occupation of a mine or lode to buy of the
United States provided he has expended $1,000
upon it, showing that he is in earnest and has
settled in good faith, and is not seeking to seize
it and hold it for speculative purposes. Now,
there have been disputes between men over what
they consider valuable mines, involving some-
times millions of dollars. The rights of the
different parties to this dispute are dependent
on our local rules. We occupy upon the doc-
trine of possession, upon that great common
law that the people'have established for them-
selves during the twenty years past, of which
you know nothing and with which Congress
has never undertaken to meddle. That deter-
mines our rights as between ourselves. Now,
we say it is nothing to the United States who
buys the land, but it is of immense importance
to us that the man should be held to be the
owner who, under our rules, regulations, and
customs, is entitled to possession.
It is objected to the bill that we are to settle
that question in our local courts. I tell you
all our rights in these mining regions depend
upon local rules and customs, and they must
be settled there. We will trust to ajury of our
countrymen and to the mode of procedure in
our courts, our interests, our homes, our whole
possessions much more freely and with much
more confidence than we will trust them to any
man who happens to be appointed to political
position in the Government, whether he be com-
missioner in a land office or Secretary of the
Interior, or a clerk who may be deputed to
decide upon our disputes. Our rights that have
grown up under the common law give us that
equal protection that Englishmen and Ameri-
cans have always claimed, that their disputes
shall be submitted to the courts and to a ver-
dict, of their peers. I ask this House not to
change that, but let these disputes be settled
there in our courts, for we can decide them
much better there.
Further, let me tell this House that if Con-
gress shall say that these disputes must go to
the Land Office, it will have the effect of open-
ing litigation which has been settled for years
past, and mining claims that are now supposed
to be worth fifty, sixty, or one hundred thou-
sand dollars, will become worthless the moment
the information reaches there that this Con-
gress has decided that the Secretary of the In-
terior shall have the final decision of these
claims.
Sir, there is not a man from those States and
Territories who dare go home and face the
indignation of that people if he should vote to
throw this property into litigation again, after
it has passed through the ordeal and had the
determination of our highest courts. I have
stated now all the overturning of our land sys-
tem which this bill contemplates. You have
never had any system as to our mineral lands.
Now, we ask that the determination of the
question as to who are rightfully in possession
shall be left to our courts, and not to the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
I know 1 have been a little broken in my
argument, for I cannot state it fully and regu-
larly in the brief time that is allowed me. I
think I have referred to the prominent objec-
tions which have been made to this bill. In
regard to whether the amount to be expended
by a miner to entitle him to a title to his claim
shall be $1,000 or $500, we are satisfied with
the sum as it is in the bill, $1,000. We would
not object to $500, except that it would involve
delay to amend the bill. And so, too, in re-
gard to the price per acre. We would not
object to $1 25, except that the bill now has it
five dollars per acre, and we think it better be
passed that way and changed afterward by
another bill, if it should be considered neces-
sary.
Mr. IIIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I find that any
bill asking for the settlement of questions per-
tainingto the groat West, of the country beyond
the Rocky mountains, has to be fought here
through a terrible struggle before we can get a
vote on it. Other questions of vast impor-
tance-are settled here in a very few minutes
if they only relate to matters near at hand.
But when a bill comes up, for instance, to,quiet
land titles in the State of California, embody-
ing the simplest proposition that could be pre-
sented to this body for its action—'and he who
would take the bill and read it would see how
full of justice it was—it was subjected to a con-
test of several days. And the chairman of the
Committee oaPublie Lands, [Mr. JtrilAir,] who
was instructed by his committee to report the
bill favorably, occupied some two hours and a
half of that time in an effort to defeat the bill.
And now when we come before this body with
a bill that has met with the sanction of the
Treasury Department, and of the Interior De-
partment, and of every man who represents
any portion of the mineral regions of our
country, the minds of all coinciding in refer-
ence to the terms it contains, we find the very
same man with his concentrated hostility try-
ing to get this House if he possibly can to de-
feat the bill. He speaks of the bill as a swin-
dle, and calls us pickpockets. Sir, that is
undignified language to be used upon the floor
of a body like this.
A few words, now, as to the merits of this
bill. Let me first show the manner in which
it came here, and the means and manner by
which it went to the Committee on Public
Lands. It was sent to the Committee on Mines
and Mining of the Senate, that being the legit-
imate committee to consider it. The Senate
gave that committee the eare and custody of
that bill because it properly belonged to that
committee, it being a standing committee of
that body.
The bill passed the Senate and came here,
and we supposed it was proper that it should
go to the Committee on Mines and Mining of
this body. I moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining; but the member
from Indiana, [Mr. Jcijas,] as an amendment,
moved its reference to the Committee on Pub-
licLands, to which committee it was sent. That
committee may have many respectable mem-
bers upon it; one of them is my colleague [Mr.
McKueb.] But I do not know whether he has
ever been much iu the mineral regions or not.
But I presume from the character of the busi-
ness he has pursued, he is at least conversant
with the great question pertaining to the min-
eral lands. But, sir, the Cpmmittee on Pub-
lic Lands are by no means well fitted, in
comparison with the Committee on Mines and
Mining, to take charge of this question; for
we have upon the latter committee three mem-
bers from the mineral belt, as well as members
from other mining regions of the country.
That was the proper committee. But by the
malice and petty spleen in which the member
from Indiana seems to have been indulging on
this occasion and one other we are justified in
believing him hostile to every interest of the
Pacific coast. It has been stated here by a
member of the Committee on Public Lands
that a majority of that committee are ready to
report a bill precisely similar to the bill now
before us. The Committee on Territories have
had the same subject before them ; and I un-
derstand that the members present when the
question was under consideration agreed unan-
imously to report a measure of this character.
That bill having gone to the Committee on
Public Lands, the Committee on Mines and
Mining felt that they had the right, with the
mass of matter which had been referred to
them, to report a bill and ask this House to
pass it. A bill which was a precise copy of
that which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands and of the bill now under con-
sideration, has been considered and carefully
examined by the Committee on Mines and
Mining, who have unanimously decided to
report in favor of the bill.
Thus the bill has the recommendation of two
committees, as it would have of a third com-
mittee, but for the fact that its chairman is
determined to stand in the way of the great
interests of the mineral belt, and therefore
prevents the committee from reporting upon
the question. The Representatives from the
States interested in this measure are unani-
mous in favor of its passage. It has also the
approval of the Treasury Department and the
Interior Department, as well as of the Senate
Committee on Mines and Mining, and the same
committee of this body. I trust it will also
receive the approbation of a large majority of
the members of this House.
