1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
former Vice President of tho United States
should present himself here, he would be in
favor of excluding him. I simply desired to
understand the ground of the distinction which
my colleague makes between the cases of these
two individuals, both of whom have been prom-
inently engaged in the rebellion. 1 am glad
that he has defined his position. I will leave
him to explain to his constituents why he pre-
fers the vice president of the confederacy to
the ex-Vice President of the United States.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another grave
question to which I want to call the attention
of this House ; that is, the settlement forever
of this question that has so long taken up the
entire time of Congress, the question of the
African race. It appears to be impossible to
have legislation on any other subject until this
question is finally settled.
I come, sir, from the great Northwest, whore
the people are a producing people, and more
interestedin the price of beef, pork, corn, wheat,
oats, &e., than they are in the negroes being
made their equals at the ballot-box. Let us,
then, talce such steps as will forever drive this
question from the Halls of Congress and give
us peace and quiet the balance of our days.
1 may be asked how this is to be done. In
answer I would say, I would make a treaty with
the republic of Mexico, and arrange with them
to colonizo the American citizens of African
descent in the warm climate and rich valleys
of Mexico, with all the rights pertaining to them
of Mexican citizens. I would enforce the Mon-
roe doctrine, drive Maximilian out of the coun-
try, assist in reestablishing a republican form
of government, secure to the negroes lands,
give them a fair start in the woild, give them
all the assistance incumbent on a Christian
people to do, and there let them under the
fnidaace of Piovidence and protection of the
'nited States mark out their own destiny.
The Monroe doctrine has been indorsed by
all the political parties of this country for (lie
last forty years, and never would have been
infringed upon by any foreign Power had it not
been that we were engaged in the suppression
of a great and gigantic rebellion.
Taking advantage of this, the Emperor of
Franco caused to be established in Mexico, an
empire, and placed on the throne Maximilian,
and we sit quietly by to allow a sister republic
to be crushed and ground to dust, in violation
of the doctrines that wc have always espoused
and advocated, and in violation of one of the
resolutions of the platform upon which Lincoln
and Johnson were elected.
I here read the resolution which was last
adopted by the Baltimore convention:
"Bfsnlrt'd, That wc approve the position taken by
the Government th-i t tho people of Eho United States
can never repaid with nulifTcrciice tlie attempt of any
European Power toovcitbrowby force or to supplant
by fraud the in-,titution= of any republican govern-
ment on the western continent, i prolonged applause,]
and tlmt they witi view with extreme jealousy, us
menacinc,' to 1 he peace and independence of tiieir own
country, the efforts of any such Power to obtain new
foothold^ lor inonnrehiciderovernnientK, sustained by
foreign military force, in near proximity to the Uni-
ted Slates."
The indorsingof this resolution by the Amer-
ican people showed that they were in earnest
oil this question, and Maximilian's remaining
in Mexico is a part and parcel of the late re-
bellion. and it will never be finally crushed out
until he is driven to an abandonment of his
throne and across tho broad waters of the
ocean.
I propose here, sir, to read a letter written
by Thomas Jefferson on the 14th October, 1823.
to Mr. Monroe, then President of the United
States:
" The question presented by the letters you have
sent me is the most momentous ever ottered to my
contemplation since that of independence. That
matte un a nation: this sets our compass and points
our course which we are to steer through the ocean ot
time opening on us; and never could wo embark on
it under circumstances more auspicious. Our first and
fundamental maxim should be, never to entangle our-
selves in tlio broiis of Europe. _ Our second, never to
suffer Europe to intermeddle with cisatlantic affairs.
America, Noi th .and South, ha* a set of interest dis-
tinct from tho ;e of Europe, and pe/.ubnrly her own.
She should, therefore, have a vvslem ot her own, hopa-
rate and apavt from that of Europe. \v hue tho ia&t
is laboring to bccome the domicile of despotism, our
endeavor should surely be to make our heimsr*hero
tbat of freedom. One nation, most of all, could dis-
turb ns in this pursuit; she now offers to lead, aid,
and accompany us in it. By acceding to her proposi-
tion we deiaeh her from the band of despots, bring
her mighty weight into the scale of free government,
and emancipate a continent at one stroke, which,
might otherwise linger long in doubt and difficulty.
Great Britain is the nation which can do us the most
harm of anyone, or all on earth; and with her on
ourside we need not fear the whole world. "VVithher,
then, we should most sedulously chcrish a cordial
friendship; and nothing would tend more to knit our
affections than to be fighting once more, side by side,
in the same cause. Not that I would purchase even
her amity at the price of taking part in her wars. But
tho war in which the present proposition might en-
gage us, should that be its consequence, is not her
war, but ours.
" Its object is to introduce and establish the Amer-
ican system of k ecpin g out of our 1 and all foreign Pow-
ers, of never permitting those of Baropo to intermed-
dle with the affairs of our nation. It is to maintain
our own principle, not to depart from it; and if, to
facilitate th Is,we can effect adivisioninthebody of the
European Powers, and draw over to our side its most
powerful member, surely we should do it. But I am
clearly of Mr. Canning's opinion, that it will prevent
instead ot provoke a war. AVith Great Biitain with-
drawn from their scale and shifted into that of our
two continents, all Europe combined would not un-
dertake such a war. For how would they propose to
get at cither enemy without superior fleets ? Nor is
the occasion to be slighted which this proposition
offers, of declaring our protests against the atrocious
violations of the rights of nations, by the interference
of any one in the international affairs of another, so
flagitiously begun by-Bonaparte, and now continued
b^ the equally lawless alliance calling itselfholy.
" But wc have first to ask ourselves a question : do
wc wish to acquire to our own confederacy any oneor
more «>f the Spanish province*? J candidly confers
that I have over looked on Cuba themostintcrest-
ing addition that could over be made to our system of
States. The control winch, with Florida point, this
islandwould give us overtlieGulf of Mexico, and the
countries and isthmus boidorin? on it, as well as all
those whose waters ilov; into it, would fill up themeas-
ure of our political well-being. Yet. as 1 am sensible
that this can never be obtained, even with her own
consent, but by war: and if its independence, which is
our soeond interest, (and ei-pecially its independence
of England.) can lie secured without it. 1 have no hes-
itation m abamloningmy jir&twi>h to future chance,
and accepting its independence, with poa.ee and the
liiendship ofUuedand, rather than its associations at
the expense ofw.tr and her enmity
" L could hone>tly, I hcrefore, .ioin in the declaration
proposed, that we aim not at the acquisition of any
of those possessions, that wc will not stand m the
way of any amicabic airanuenmit between them and
the mother country, but that we will oppose, with all
our means, the forcible interposition of any other
Power, as auxiliary, stipendiaiy, or under an> other
form or pretext, and most especially their transfer to
any Power by conquest, cession, or acquisition m any
other wnv, I should think it, therefore, advisable
that the Executive should eneoui ago 1 he "British Gov-
ernment to a eontmuaivein thedispoi-itions expressed
in these letters bv an a^-manee of his concurrcnee
y?ith them as far a^ his authority goes; and that as it
may lead to war, the declaration of which requires
an act of Congress, the ca«e shall be laid before them
for consideration at their first meeting, and undcrthc
reasonable aspect in which it is seen by himself.
"I have been so long weaned from political sub-
jrcK and have so long sensed to take any interest in
them, that I am sensible I am not qualified to offer
opinions on themwoithy of any attention. But the
question now proposed involveseonsequeneessolast-
inc, and efteeU so decisive of our future destinies, as
to rekindle all the interest I have heretofore- felt on
such occasions, and to the hazard of opinions whit h
will prove only my wish to contribute still my mite
toward anything wlwh mavbe useful to our count) y.
And praying you to ac copt it at.only what it is worth,
I add the a^umnee of my constant and affectionate
friendship and respect."
Mr. Monroe, finding that he had tho support
of Mr. Jefferson, on the 2d of December,
issued his message to Congress, and enunci-
ated the doctrine known as the Monroe doc-
trine.'' which, summed up, is as he stated it:
"As a principle in which the rights and interests of
the United States are involved, that the American
continent, by the free and independent condition
they have assumed and maintained, are henceforth
not to he considered as subjects for future coloniza-
tion by any European Power.-"
In tho letter of Mr. Jefferson and the mes-
sage of Mr. Monroe the doctrine is so well
stated that f have given the statements to the
country, and I now insist that we hold this doc-
trine sacred and will maintain it. The people
are for it; they are for driving Maximilian out
of the country, and 1 am for it.
Now, sir, having given my views unrestrained,
I will say they are the doctrines upon which I
was elected and upon which Mr. Lincoln was
elected, and I am determined to stand by them,
come weal or come woe.
Now, sir, hoping that the legislation of the
country may be directed in such a channel that
the country shall be calmed and peace and .quiet
entirely restored, and believing that the ship of
state will be guided through the present troubled
seas without being stranded upon the rocks of
passion and prejudice, and having great faith
in the wisdom of the American people, believ-
ing all will yet be \vcll? I shall, so far as my 6w4
action is concerned, attempt to do that whicE
I believe to be right j and, trusting in a kind
Providence to guide me in the right direction,
I have faith thatl will succeed in doing justice
to all.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, having some
weeks since introduced into this House a bill
which has for its purpose to prescribe the oat|i
of office, so as to make it conform to the require-
ments of the Constitution of the United States,
and to repeal tha act of J uly 2,1862, commonly
known as the test oath, 1 desire to submit a few
considerations to the House why, in my judg-
ment, the act of July 2,1862, should be repealed.
It is as follows:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne Arms against the United
States since I have been a citizen thereof; that I hav©
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons engaged in armed hostility
thereto; that I have never sought nor accepted, nor
at( empted to exereiso the functions of any office what-
ever under any authority or protended authority in
hostility to the United States; that I have not yielded
a voluntary support to any pretended government,
authority, power, or constitution within the United
States, hostile or inimical thereto. And X do further
swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my knowledge
and ability, I wdl support anddefend the Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance
to the same; that J take this obligation freely, with-
out a ny m enta I reservation or purpose of evasion, and
that! will well and faithfully discharge tho duties of
the office on which I am about to enter,5' &c.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that this
oath, at least so far as it relates to Senators
and .Representatives in Congress, is unconsti-
tutional.
Section two, article one, of the Constitution
declares:
"No person shall bo a Representative who shall
not have attained the age of twenty-live years, and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that
State in which he shall be chosen."
And in relation to Senators, it is provided
that—
"No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained the age of thirty years, and been nine years
a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when
electod, be an inhabitant of that State lor which ho
shall be chosen."
Article six provides that—
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the memheis of the several State Legisla-
tures, and all executive and judicial officers, both of
the United States and of the several States, shall be
bound by oath or affirmation to support this Consti-
tution."
Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, speaking of the House of Repre-
sentatives, section 024, says:
"It would seem but. fair reasoning upon the plain-
est principles of interpretation, that when the Con-
stitution established certain qualifications a3 neces-
sary lor office, it meant to exchtch all others. From
the* verv nature of such a provision the affirmation of
these qualifications would seem to imply a NEGA-
TIVE OF ALL 0TH15RS."
Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, commenting
on the same subject, says:
"The qualifications of the elected being less care-
fully and propei ly defined by the State constitutions,
and bein? at the same time more susceptible of uni-
formity, havc been very properly considered and regu-
by the Convention, A Representative ot the
United State-?mu>t hoof the acre of twenty-five years;
muvt have been seven years a citizen ot the United
States; must at the time of his election be an inhabit-
ant of the State he is to represent, and durintf tho
time of his service must be in no officeunder the uni-
ted States. Under these reasonable li/niiatiomthe aoor
of this part of the Federal Government is open to
merit of every description, whether native or adopt-
ive whether young or old, and without regard to pov-
erty or wealth, or to any particular profession or re-
ligious faith.'*—Federalist, No. 5-..
But, Mr. Speaker," if Congress had authority
to proscribe this tes£ oath of 1862, it lias the
power to add other and different qualifications
for Senators and Representatives than those
provided in the Constitution, and thus change
the organic law by legislative enactment; and
wc have hardly advanced far enough yet for
such a claim of power as that*
