1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a mender of this House, I cannot reconcile it
to my sense of duty and propriety to allow the
question to be taken without some explanation,
but 1 will be brief and endeavor to say what I
have to say in a very few words, for no one ap-
preciates more than I do the value of time at
this late stage of the session. I will simply
remark that the testimony sliows that Mr.
Painter was 011 his way to the committee-room
in the lower halls of the Capitol, and was en-
gaged in conversation with a friend, when he
was met by this man Beveridge, knocked down,
kicked several times in the head and leg, and,
in the opinion of some of the witnesses, but
for the interference of some who were present,
as well as those who came to his assistance,
he would have been killed. Such briefly arc
the facts, as the evidence will show.
Now, in regard to the authority for arresting
and keeping in custody Beveridge, I will re-
mark that there are a great many precedents
for the action of the House, which I will not
trouble the House by now referring to. In
innumerable instances have Congress and the
Legislatures of the States, when a breach of
privilege has been committed, arrested and
imprisoned the person, committing the breach
of privilege. The most prominent case of the
kind that has come under the observation of
the committee, is the case of Anderson vs.
Dunn, which was taken up to the Supreme
Court of the United States and there decided.
The decision sets forth the authority of Con-
gress at length. As to the duration of impris-
onment, the court says:
" And even to the duration of imprisonment a pe-
riod is imposed by the nature of things, since the
existence of the power that imprisons is indispensable
to its continuance, and although the legislative body
ceases to exist on the moment of its adjournment or
dissolution. It follows that imprisonment must ter-
minate with that adjournment."
This language seems to be susceptible of two
constructions, and lawyers are not agreedupon
the proper construction to be putupon it. The
committee are of opinion that we have not the
power to imprison this man beyond the present
session of Congress; and that unless some meas-
ure is adopted, such as I have reported from
the select committee, this man must be released
when the present session of Congress shall
terminate, and thus receive no adequate pun-
ishment. in view of that fact it was deemed
best to report the resolution I have submitted,
to have this person turned over to the civil
authorities to be prosecuted for this assault.
Mr. FARNSWOJRTH. I do notlike to have
it go upon the record that I, as a member of
this select committee, hold the law to be at all
as stated by the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Alley.] I do not understand that the
committee came to any such conclusion. My
opinion is very clear that Congress has the right
to imprison this person until the 4th day of
March next. I do not see why it may not as
well imprison over the recess until December
next as over a recess of three days or one day.
Mr. ALLEY. I have consulted several of
the most eminent lawyers in the House and in
the Senate, and with a single exception they
all came to the conclusion t.hatwe had not the
power to imprison beyond the present session
of Congress. I am no lawyer myself, but I
will remark that it has been decided by the Su-
preme Court, by all the commentators on the
Constitution, Kent, Story, and others, that
when Congress terminates by adjournment or
periodical dissolution, any person imprisoned
by its order mustjbe liberated. Now, there is
a difference of opinion in regard to these terms
used by the Supreme Court in this case. Story
and Kent both held that adjournment and pe-
riodical dissolution, in the sense used by the
court, are synonymous terms, and almost every
one with whom I have consulted holds the
same giew, that they are synonymous; that
when Congress adjourns permanently, that is,
adjourns sine die, it terminates and the person
must be liberated. Now, in regard to the pe-
riod of dissolution, some hold that that term
applies to the termination of Congress on the
4th of March. Others hold that it applies to the
annual termination of Congress by the adjourn-
ment sine die at the end of each session, such
as will probably take place now in a few days.
The committee, I understood, with perhaps one
exception, to take that view "of the case. That,
at any rate, is the view taken by almost all the
lawyers with whom I have consulted.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I desire to state merely,
as a member of this committee, that while I do
not desire to say anything against this resolu-
tion reported by the majority of the committee,
I desire to place myself right upon the record
by stating that I am not in favor of the major-
ity report. My ideas of the laws and of the
powers of Congress differ somewhat from the
ideas of the chairman [Mr. Alley] and I be-
lieve the majority of the committee. I am of
opinion that this House has the power, and
having the power it ought to exercise it to keep
this manin confinementunt.il the 4th of March,
1867. I believe the power of the House ex-
tends that far, but in that opinion the majority
of the committee did not agree with me. I
desire to make this statement merely to place
myself right on the record.
Mr. ALLEY. It is true, as the gentleman
observes, that he did not concur with the ma-
jority of the committee in their opinion as to the
construction of the law. With this exception
I understood the committee to be unanimous.
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fakns-
wortii] now says that he dissents.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. I do not dissent from
the resolution. I believe that it was originally
my own proposition to turn this man over to
the civil authorities. But I dissent from the
statement that the committee came to the con-
clusion that this House has no power to imprison
this man beyond the present session. I main-
tain that the- House has power to hold him in
custody till the 4th of March next.
Mr. ALLEY. I understood the gentleman
to say that he was opposed lo the resolution.
I was somewhat surprised at this, because, as
I have presented it, it is almost identical in
form with a resolution which the gentleman
himself drew up. The committee reluctantly
came to the conclusion that it was the best
course to report a resolution similar to that
which the gentleman first proposed. I under-
stood the gentleman to maintain in committee
that it was a matter of great doubt whether the
House has the power to hold this man beyond
the close of the present session, and that he
for one believed we had no such power. I of
course accept the gentleman's correction. I
have only mentioned this to show that I had
reason for representing him as in favor of the
resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, my
only purpose is to put myself right on the rec-
ord, as this case may be cited as a precedent
hereafter. I concurred in reporting this res-
olution partfy for the reason that I thought
it well enough to turn this man over to the
civil authorities, to be punished by them, but
chiefly because the person assaulted, although
an officer of the House, was not at the time in
the performance of his duty, as sueh officer;
and therefore a question might arise as to the
power of the House in such a case. The com-
mittee at first came to the conclusion to report
a resolution providing for turning the man over
to the civil authorities, to be kept in close con-
finement in the jail of the District of Colum-
bia until the further order of the House, the
object being to keep him there.till the close of
the next session of Congress. Subsequently
the committee revised that conclusion, and.
thought it best, on the whole, to report this
resolution, in which I concurred. I think it
best, on the whole, that the resolution should
be adopted.
I rose simply to protest that I did not concur
in the opinion expressed by the chairman of
the committee, that the House has no power
to hold this man in custody beyond the close
of the present session. As this report may be
cited hereafter as a precedent, I want to go
upon the record as in favor of the right of
either House of Congress to punish a man for
contempt or breach of its privileges by con-
fining him until the termination of the Con-
gress—its dissolution, and not' the mere end
of the session.
Mr. ALLEY. I will add but a few words,
and then I will call the previous question'.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment? i
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRIMBLE. _ Mr. Speaker, I'heartily
indorse this resolution, with the exception of
that part which instructs the Sergeant-'at-Arms
to prosecute this man. I think that part is
rather a reflection upon the local authorities of
the District of Columbia. ■ Still-I presume that
those authorities will not regard it in that light.
I have been in favor all the time,' since hear-
ing the evidence, of turning this man over to
the civil authorities, to be dealt with in accord-
ance with the laws passed by Congress for the
government of such casae in this District.
Consequently I am in favor of the resolution.
At the same time I do not believe that we
have the power to keep this- man in custody
one moment beyond the close of the present
session of Congress.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker 
Several Members. Question 1 Question !
Mr. ALLEY. I understand my rights on
this floor. Gentlemen may call "Question" as
much as they please, but it does not affect me.
This is an important matter, important as a
precedent, and involving the rights and liberty
of a citizen of this District.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. What is
the question? I do not understand any one
objects.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say a single word in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois, and then
I will call tor the previous question. The
committee felt that this was a most aggravated
assault, entirely without reason or provoca-
tion; and if it were in the power of this House
to punish this man we all thought he deserved
it, and we were disposed to inflict the severest
punishment upon him. I understood most
distinctly that they believed it was very doubt-
ful at any rate whether we had the power, and
therefore instructed me to oifer the resolutions
I have reported. It was for that reason, and
that alone, I consented to report the resolu-
tions. I believe the punishment inflicted upon
this individual should be of the severest char-
acter, as for a great and heinous crimc. But
doubting our power to punish, as I do, after
consultation with the best lawyers in both
Houses of Congress, I have submitted the
proposition before the House. I now demand
the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. For how many papers does Mr.
Painter report?
Mr. ALLEY. I do not yield for any pur-
pose and insist upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
TENNESSEE QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. The Constitution declares that "each
House shall be the judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of itsown members."
On Friday last this House declared by res-
olution as follows:
"That the Si ate of Tennessee is hereby declared to
bo restored to her former proper, practical relations
to the Union, and again entitled to bo represented
by Senators and Representatives in Congress, duly
elected and qualified upon their taking the oaths of
office by existing laws."
As I suppose this House will not stultify itself
by refusing those gentlemen seats in this Hall,
I now move as a question of privilege that N.
G. Taylor, .T. W. Leftwich, and Edward Cooper
be sworn in as members of this House.
The SPEAKER. The Constitution does
declare that each House shall be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members; but the House of Representa-
tives has decided, withvthe concurrence of the
Senate, that certain States, not represented
during the last four years in the Congress of
