1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3095
moment, if you will only allow it, the lately bel-
ligerent sections will embrace and be friends.
If Congress will but stand aside, the contend-
ing factions will come together and restore the
Union. All has been done but one thing,
namely, the admission of representatives from
the States lately in rebellion ; and Congress
will not do"that, but upon a hearing the people
will direct this to be done, and then this war
will not have been fought in vain.
Mr, WINDQM resumed the floor.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for ten or fifteen minutes?
Mr, WINDOM. I do not desire to go oil
to-day, and if I can yield for fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pkice] without
losing my right to the floor or having it come
out of my time I will do so.
The SPEAKER. That arrangement can bo
made only by unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to give notice
that when my colleague [Mr. Price] shall have
concluded his remarks I shall claim the floor
for a personal explanation in reply to some
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Rousseau,] who, I hope, will remain here and
listen to what I may have to say.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I shall remain, and
endeavor to hear patiently what may be said.
CLAIMS AGAINST VENEZUELA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 10th ultimo, calling for
information relative to the claims of citizens
of ^he United States against the republic of
Venezuela, I transmit a report from the Secre-
tary of State.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington*, D. C., June 11, 18GC.
On motion of' Mr. BANKS, the message, with
the accompanying documents, was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
REMOVAL OF SIOUX INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a report from the acting
Secretary of the Interior, communicating in-
formation requested by the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 21st ultimo
in relation to the removal of the Sioux Indians,
of Minnesota, and the provision made for their
accommodation in the Territory of Nebraska.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., June 9, 18(36.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. PRICE. I presume I need not assure
the House that I have not risen to make a
speech. And if the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Rousseau] had allowed me to put in
Colonel Stokes's remarks upon the question
of restoration, I would not have asked the
privilege of detaining the House at this time
for even ten minutes.
I do not propose to discuss the question
whether Massachusetts or Kentucky are most
at fault for keeping alive the institution of
slavery. I do not propose to discuss the ques-
tion whether we are the parties who with the
poniard drew the blood of our brothers un-
provoked and without cause. I do not pro-
pose, at this late hour, to go into any of these
questions, whether immediately or remotely
connected with the institution of slavery. I am
very thankful, however, that I have lived to
see the day when slavery with all its incidents
and concomitants, I hope, is dead, and noth-
ing remains but to have its dead carcass buried
out of sight, never to be resurrected.
But I have risen to say just a few words,
within the limit of time which has been al-
lowed to me, in reference to the difference
between the President and Congress on the
question of reconstruction. I think it of vital
importance to the country that that question
should not be misunderstood, for in my opin-
ion upon the decision of that question depends
the weal orthe woo of this country for all time
to come; and not only of this country, but of
all countries for all the years of the coming
future. And the men of this Congress have
the privilege, and I thank God for my belief
that they have the power, to establish now the
institutions of this country upon a basis that,
shall be so broad and so deep that the revolu-
tions of all the future will not bo able to un-
settle them in the least degree whatever, and
for the proper exercise of this power the coun-
try and the world will hold us to a strict
account.
I say, that in view of the great questions
that now agitate the minds of the American
people, I think it of great importance that the
people of this nation should not be misled in
regard to the difference which now exists be-
tween the radical members of this Congress
and the President of the United States. I
understand that difference to be simply this:
the President insists that the States recently
in rebellion shall be, and should have been at
the commencement of this session, uncondi-
tionally admitted to representation upon this
floor ; at least without any condition-precedent,
except the one that their Representatives shall
be loyal men.
Mr. ANCONA. And legally elected.
Mr. PRICE. And legally elected ; that in
reference to the condition of the States, and in
reference to the condition of the constituencies
by which these men were sent here, no inquiry,
no investigation, no judgment should be given
by the Congress of the United States ; that, in-
deed, there was to be no power in Congress to
direct or even to advise how this should be
done so as to secure the safety of the nation in
tho future. This is purely a difference of
opinion which might fairly exist between hon-
est men inside of this Hall and the President-
Each, I grant you, has a perfect right to his own
opinion on this subject, but neither has the
right to proscribe the other because of that
opinion. But I am sorry, sir, to be compelled
to say in this House, in the hearing of the
country, that the President has so far forgotten
himself and the position which he occupies
as to proscribe men simply for the expression
of that opinion. This is a fact so patent that
no man in his senses dares to deny it, for official
heads are falling almost every hour into the
basket prepared for that purpose, and for no
other reason but because of a difference of
opinion with the President on this question.
But I rose more particularly to reply to a re-
mark of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Rousseau] when speaking of the gentlemen
elected from the State of Tennessee. So far
as I know them they are loyal men. Some I
know are, but I do not know them all. Now,
when he referred to those gentlemen as in-
dorsing his statement that they opposed the
action of Congress and sustained the action of
the President on this great subject, which at
this time is agitating this country and the world;
I say when he named Colonel Stokes, I thought
it was a pretty good opportunity 1o let Colonel
Stokes speak for himself. If I had been allowed
to read what Colonel Stokes said on the sub-
ject I would not have troubled the House with
these few crude remarks.
The gentlemen who come from Tennessee
are good men. No man upon this floor will
receive them with more open arms or give
them a more coi-dial welcome when the hour
arrives that they can be admitted with safety
to the Union than I will. I think they are
entitled to great credit for the noble stand
which they took during the troublous times of
the late civil conflict. I say that when the
safety of the country will justify the reception
of these men upon this floor as members of
Congress no man will go further and no man
will be more rejoiced than I will be. I ask it
to go upon the record, that when I express
these sentiments I only express the opinions
of the radical members of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
Colonel Stokes risked his life on the battle-
field in support of the Government, and has
been elected by as loyal a constituency as
any gentleman from Tennessee; and I think
he ought to be presumed to know as much
about the matter as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. He goes before tho people and gives
his statement of the whole question. I am
perfectly willing that the people of the U nited
States shall, on his statement, decide between
Congress and the President. We are told by
the friends of the President that the battle is
to be fought at the ballot-box on the second
Tuesday of October next, and later this fall.
Yes, sir, the battle is to be fought there, and
there it is expected to defeat the radicals and
hand tho country over to the men who favor
the President's policy. Well, sir, we are pre-
pared to meet them. We only want the issue
to be fairly understood. We want the people
to know before they deposit their ballots who
have been to blame, whether Congress or the
President. When the question is fairly sub-
mitted I have a perfect confidence on which
side success will be. I am perfectly willing
to let the case go to the jury of the country
and abide the judgment. I feel confident it
will not be with those who sustain the policy
of the President.
Now, what does Colonel Stokes say? He
knows what ho talks about. Notwithstanding
what my friend from Kentucky has said about
slavery in Massachusetts and slavery in Ken-
tucky, I am perfectly willing to let the people
decide the question at the ballot-box on the
testimony of Colonel Stokes. Let me read
what he says:
"But it is said a radical Congress will not admit Union
men of the South. I am one of those men, and an
applicant for a seat m Congress. I believe when tho
pioper time comcs Congress will do its duty in regard
to Tennessee andany other State that takes thesame
position. Why is it not done now? Wo have had a
war for four or five years. You cannot expect Con-
gress to ileal all these differences in a few days. It
was their duty to examine the condition of the gov-
ernment of these States, to examine their constitu-
tions and laws, and when their loyal government is
properly established to recognize it, and then one
point is settled. After that comes tho question as to
tho qualification of members. Congress had a right
to prescribe a test oath, and I say here that I would
sit in my seat until I froze to death before I would
ever vote to repeal that oath until tile southern
people and their papers show a different tone toward
the Union men of the South.
" Now, the President has said himself that Congress
must declare the State government properly estab-
lished before it can become valid. Why, then, are
these States not admitted? Because they have not
complied with the President's own requirements?
But. Tennessee has; why is she not admitted? I will
tell you. Congress asked for evidence as to these
States. It asked for the proclamations, constitutions,
documents, laws. The President never sent them to
Congrc.-s until March. But. meanwhile it had been
gathering proof lrom other quarters, and at length it
was just ready to admit Tennessee. Then one branch
of the Legislature was disorganized, and the rebel
element, not being willing to submit to the rule of the
majority, sought to break up and destroy tho govern-
ment. They left the House without a quorum, and
it is still without a quorum. And 1 say that whiio tho
government was in that condition there is not a man
of you who would think that State should be recog-
nized. We therefore do not complain of the delay.
We know that admis-aon now would destroy tho
Union clement of those States. Congress is domg
right in holding them back. When the rebel armies
first surrendered, there was everywhere a disposition
toward loyalty; but I stand here to-night to say that
there is now a tecling as bitter toward the Union men
of the South as there ever was in I860 or 1861. And
tho facts have proved that Congress, m its cool and
deliberate treatment of tho matter, deserves the
thanks of all Union men in giving opportunity for
these rebels to show their hands. Time will show
that Congress was right. But all these things will bo
settled wisely and safely, and when loyal men get
contiol of these governments there will then bo no
difficulty, and all these questions'willbe satisfactorily
settled. In Tennessee we shall elect new members to
make a quorum on Saturday next; then the franchise
bill, securing control to loyal men, will pass; and
then I haveno doubt that Congresswill act promptly
and rightly."
There, sir, is the opinion of a man who lives
in Tennessee, a loyal man, an honest man, a
fearless man, in whoso face these doors have
