1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
plan safer to the Government and more just
to the parties, I would be willing to do> it. I
have considered the subject in every light pos-
sible. I thought myself that the safer way was
to adopt the report of the board, but as Sena-
tors for whose judgment I have a great deal of
respect thought that was giving too much, and
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
proposes twelve per cent, on the contract prices,
a reduction, I believe, of more than one half,
I thought we might agree upon that.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator the
difficulty which is likely to occur, and which
will embarrass us, perhaps, to some extent.
Here are some forty-two or forty-throe of these
claimants put into one bill. They do not in-
clude all this class of cases; and we are con-
tinually in the receipt of letters from other par-
ties, who say, " We do not claim anything upon
our contracts; we took a contract, we have ful-
filled it, and though we have lost by it, we are
bound by it; we do not ask anything; but if
these parties are to be relieved by a general
bill, we ought to be relieved also." How can
the Senate resist such an application?
Mr. HENDRICKS. So far as my knowledge
goes on that subject, I think this bill, with the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, really covers about all the cases that
have any equity. There is one case, 1 will
state to the Senator, which is not here, but
■which I think will address itself forcibly to the
Senate, and that is the case of Mr. Webb, who
constructed the Dunderberg, a grand vessel,
perhaps the greatest vcsscl-of-war in the world.
I shall be in favor, so far as I know anything
about his ease, of giving him some relief. I
think he has produced the greatest vessel, per-
haps, in the world; but he could not present
his case to the board, and he will have to
appeal upon the merits of his separate case.
I do not know of any other than that one.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
postpone the consideration of the present and
all other orders, and proceed to the considera-
tion of the special order, which is the bill for
the admission of Colorado into the Union.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope the Senator from Kansas
will withdraw that motion long enough to enable
us to get a vote on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senate is ready to
vote on this question I am willing to allow the
special order to be laid aside temporarily for
that purpose; but if we are to have no vote
upon it 1 think we had better proceed to the
consideration of the specal older.
Mr. CLARK. It is pretty evident, if the
Senator will allow me. that we cannot come to
a vote at onee. There is pending the motion
of the Senator from Missouri to postpone the
bill until the first Monday of December next,
and, then, if that is defeated, and the bill is to
pass, I desire to propose an amendment, to it
before it does pass, and that will necessarily
take some little time.
Mr. POMEROY. It could not be passed
to-day, probably.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know, but I think
we had better go on with the subject that is
regularly before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that is the view of
the Senator, I will move that this bill be made
the order of the day for to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
now before the Senate is to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill for the admission of Col-
orado into the Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that this sub-
ject be made the .special order for to-morrow
at half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another motion before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Kansas
will withdraw his motion long enough to allow
the motion to be put on postponing this subject
until to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be made
a special order in the morning hour.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to
this bill being considered to-morrow, and I am
willing to make it the special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock ; but I think we had better
proceed now with the consideration of the spe-
cial order. It has. been postponed from time
to time, and by a sort of unanimous consent it
was agreed that it should be considered to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is nobody oppos-
ing that. My motion is that this subject be
madethespecial order athalf past twelve o' clock
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
before the Senate is to postpone the present
and all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the special order, and that motion
must be put unless it be withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. I will withdraw that in
order to allow the motion of the Senator from
Indiana to be made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that this
subject be made the (special order for to-mor-
row at half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion really before the Senate is the bill making
appropriationsforthc PoslOIlice Department,
but that bill will be considered as laid aside,
if there be no objection, in order to entertain
the motion of the Senator from Indiana, which
is, that the bill recently before the Senate l'or
the relief of certain naval contractors be post-
poned to and made the special order for to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it- will not be in-
truded into the morning hour.
Several Sexatoiis. Say one o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I will say
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. rOMEROY. I now renew the motion
to postpone all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of the bill for the admission of
Colorado.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Post Office appro-
priation bill is the unfinished business, and I
hope will take but. little time, I think we may
as well proceed with it. There will be time
enough to pass both bills to-day. I hope, there-
fore, that the Post Office bill may be proceeded
with for awhile, and if we find that it is going
to take up much time we can then postpone it.
It is now in order and is before us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if the Colorado bill was not the order of the day
at one o'clock.
The PRESlDENT^rotoyjore. Itwasmade
the special order for to-dny at one o'clock, by
a vote of the Senate, but the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, by the rule of the Senate,
takes precedence of the special order, and the
unfinished business is the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is my opinion that
the ruling of the Chair in this particular case
is not according to the law, and I will state my
reason as a point of order. The special order
supersedes the order of business, and if the
Chair determine upon reflection to rule other-
wise I shall be compelled to take an appeal:
because these are laws that should be under-
stood, and have to bo studied to be learned.
A special order overcomes the .regular order of
business, both in the House of Representatives
and in this body, as I have understood it. I
think if the President of the Senate will con-
sider for a moment he will agree with me that
a special order made b/ '.lie Senate, for action
upon a particular subject at a given hour, gov-
erns the regular order of business. In rising to
question the judgment of the President I do
not propose to reason : I rather rose to suggest
that Senators may consider the subject, for it
is a matter which, as a precedent, may be of
great importance. When the Senate make a
special order it is to bo relied upon as the voice
of the Senate, giving the right to the subject-
matter at the hour appointed, independent of
the ordinary course of business. So it has been
understood always, as far as my knowledge
runs, in regaid to parliamentary law. I do not
profess to be very highly versed in these things,
but it seems to me that logically it must be
true ; and I think if the President will consider
carefully he will agree with me. If the Pres-
ident insists upon the ruling which he has made
I shall he compelled to take an appeal from the
decision, for the purpose of ascertaining what
is the law of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will call for the reading of the fifteenth rule
of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"15. The unfinished business in which the Senate
was engaged at the last preceding adjournmentshan
have tho preference in the special orders uf the day."
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no doubt at all
about the rule. It is not only clear by the
rule, but it has been the daily practice of the
Senate ever since I have been a member of
the body; probably fifty times in the session
the unfinished business takes precedence of all
other special orders. But I rose to say that I
find it is the desire of the Senate, as this day
was set apart for the consideration of the Col-
orado bill, to proceed with it, and I the-efore
have no objection to postponing the Post Office
appropriation bill. I give notice that 1 shall
call it up at an early day, in order to get it
passed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. "When ignorance is
bliss, it is folly to be wise." My wisdom I
withdraw.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the present and all prior
orders to proceed to the consideration of the
Colorado bill.
The morion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the motion submitted by
Mr. Wn.sox to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate rejected the bill \S. No. 74) for the
admission of the State of Colorado into the
Union, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, on the 13th
of March last, after a debate of two days, the
Senate rejected a bill for the admission of Col-
orado as a State into the Union. This was by
a vote of 21 nays to 14 yeas, being a majority
of 7. And now, after an interval of more than
a month, a motion is made to reconsider that
vote. An attempt is made to revive a ques-
tion which at that time seemed to have been
bnr'ed. Of course those who press this motion
have a right to do so, if they are satisfied in
theirraindsthatthemotion ought, to be pressed.
I do not complain of them. But. 1 meet the
proposition on the threshold. I do not con-
tent myself by waiting to another stage and
entering into the discussion after wo have al-
lowed the reconsideration. I oppose the recon-
sideration. I insist that this subject, once closed
by such a majority, and on such good grounds,
as I shall proceed to show, shall not again be
opened in this Chamber.
Sir, the proposition concerns the admission
of a State into this Union. I need not remind
you that in other days no such proposition could
be made in this Chamber without excitinggreat
interest. Some of the most remarkable de-
bates that have occurred in (he Senate have
been on such propositions. The proposition
has two aspects : first, as it concerns the peo-
ple in the Territory itself, who, I submit, are
not prepared to assume the responsibilities of
a State government; and secondly, as it con-
cerns the other States in the Union, who, I
submit also, ought not to be obliged at this
moment to receive this community into full
equality as a State.
On another occasion I felt it my duty to
remind you of the position, the responsibilities,
the powers, and the prerogatives of a State in
this Union. I held up before you what you
would undertake to convey to this small com-
munity if yon invested it with the character of
a State. I showed you that you would
to it a full equality in this Chamber with the
largest States in the Union; with New York,
with Pennsylvania, with Ohio, with Massachu-
setts ; and that in the exercise of this equality
the Senators from this small community on all
