-1056
THE C0NGEB8&IO2SFM. GLOBE.
July 23,
the United States, shall not be entitled to rep-
resentation again until by concurrent action of
both branches they shall be declared to be en-
titled to representation. The House, there-
fore, declared it hs|& no constitutional right so
to judge. The Chftir overrules the demand
that gentleman claiming seats from Tennessee
shall be sworn in-
Mr. TRIMBLE. From that decision,, with
all due deference, I tafe an appeal.
Mr.'STEVENS moved that the appeal be
laid npon the table.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays w6re ordered.
The question *was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays' 18? not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ame?, Anderson,
Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bid well,
Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,Buckland,
Reader W. Clarke, G^>b, ConMing, Davis, Defrees,
Dclaito, Dixon, Driggs, Ecklcy, E<rgleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Abner 0.
Harding, Hart, llnyes, Higby, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, John H. Hnbbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Julian, Kelley, Koontz, Laflin, Latham. George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence. Loan, Lynch, Mar-
ston, McClurg, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morris, Mouiton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Orth*, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, William
H. Randal], Raymond, Alexander if. Itice, John II.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scohekl, Shellnbar-
ger, Spalding, Stevens, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
Wclkcr, WentWortli, "Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—9-1.
-NAYS—Messrs. Ancona. Bergen, Boyer, Dawson,
Ftnek, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Hogan, Lo
Blond, Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rit
ter, Ross, Shanldin, Sitgreaves, Taber, and Trim-
ble—is.
XOT VOTING — Messrs. Delos R/ Ashley, James
M Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brande-
.Buiidy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cullom,
Culver, Darling, Dawes, Doming, Deni.-on. Dodge,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eldridge, Goodyear, Grider, Gnn-
nell, Grisvvokl, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hill, De-
mas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Inger-
soll, .Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr,
Ketciiam. Kuykendall, Lonoryear, Marshall, Mar-
vin, ^IcCuliough, Mclndoe, McKee, NibLaek, Noell,
Patterson, Phelps, Pomcroy, Rogers, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Winfield, and Wright—09.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
"report of committee on manufactures.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed of the report, of
the Committee on Manufactures, lately submitted,
twenty-five hundred extra copies for the use of the
committee, and five hundred extra copies for the use
of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker'stable.
The motion was agreed to.
soldieks' and sailors' national union.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the Senate's amendment to House bill No.
587, to incorporate the Soldiers' and Sailors'
National Union of Washington, District of
Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
soldiers' and sailors' orphan iiome.
The next business in order on the Speakers
table was the Senate's amendment to House
bill No. 779, to incorporate the National Sol-
diers' andSailors' Orphan Home.
The amendment was agreed to.
post roads.
■ The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the Senate amendments to House bill No. 775,
£o establish certain post roads.
Amendments to the Senate amendments
were moved by Mr. Cobu, Mr. Conkling, Mr.
A>.cona, Mr. Newell, and Mr. Moulton,
which were severally agreed to.
The Senate amendments, as amended, were
then agreed to.
tennessee.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
joint resolution No. 83, declaring Tennessee
again entitled to Senators and Representatives
in Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand a separate
vote on the amendments.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strikeout of the resolution the words "duly
elected and qualified upon theus taking the
oaths of office required by law," so that the
resolution'would read as follows:
lie it resolved by the Senateand House of Represent-
atives of ike United States of America in Congress as-
mabled, That the State of Tennessee is hereby re-
stored to her former proper, practical relations to
the Union, a-nd is again entitled to be represented by
Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the preamble of the House and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Whereas in the year 1361, the government of the
State of Tennessee wasseized upon and taken posses-
sion of by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants of said State in-pursuance of au
act of Congress were declared to be in a state of in-
surrection against the United States; and whereas
said State government can only be restored to its
former political relations in the Union by the con-
sent of the law-making power of the United States;
and whereas the people of said State did, on the 22d
day of February, 1805, by a largo popular vote, adopt
and ratify a constitution or government whereby
slavery was abolished and ordinances and laws of
secession and debts contracted under the same were
declared Void: and whereas a Slate government has
been organized under said constitution, which has
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States abolishing slavery; alsfl the amend-
ment proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
h as don e other acts proclaiming and deno ting loyalty:
Therclore.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire if the preamble
is voted down, the resolution being adopted,
would there not be a disagreement between the
two Houses?
Mr. GARFIELD. If the House should vote
this down would it not kill the joint resolution ?
Mr. LE BLOND. It is not likely the House
will kill it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the lightning should
kill all the members the bill would not be
passed. [Laughter.]
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays '26, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Defrees, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Earns-
worth, Earquhar, Eerry. Garfield. Abner C. Harding,
Hart, Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester L). Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoli,
Julian, Itelley. Ketcham, Koontz, Kuykendall. Laf-
lin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, Marston, MeClurg, McRuer, Mereur, Miller,
Moorhead, MorrillfMorris, Mouiton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price, William
H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spal-
ding, Stevens, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, Ward,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Amcona, Bergen, Boyer.Dawson, El-
dridge, Einck.Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Jenckes,
Johnson, Latham, LeBlond, Marshall, Niblack,Nich-
olson, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rit-
ter, Ross, Shanklin, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thorn-
ton, and Trimble—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy,
Chanler,Reader W.Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Cul-
ver, Darling:, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dcni-
son. Dodge, Dumont, Goodyear, Grider,Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Demas
Hubbard, EdwinN. Hubbell, Humphrey, Jones, Kas-
son. Kelso, Kerr, Longyear, Marvin, MeGullough,
Mclndoe, McKee, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Rogers, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwel), Thayer, Francis Thomas, Upson, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Winfield, and Wright—62.
So the Senate amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Ashley, of
Ohio, had paired with Mr. Dawson.
Mr. LATHAM said: Believing that the pre-
amble states what is not true, and believing
that Tennessee is entitled to representation as
well without this preamble as with it, I vote
" no."
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next 'amendment of the Senate was to
strike out ihe title and insert in lieu thereof
the following: "Joint resolution respecting
Tennessee and her relations to the Union."
Mr. BINGHAM. On that I move the pre-
vious .question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to—-ayes 88,
noes 9.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the title was amended ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rations op union prisoners.
The last business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate's amendment to House joint reso-
lution No. 190, in regard to rations of Union
soidiers held as prisoners of war.
The Senate's amendment was in the nature
of a substitute, allowing payment of rations
during imprisonment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
withdrawal 01' papers.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, asked
and obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Fred-
erick Laracker.
deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rijleswere suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 791) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for other
purposes.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk
proceeded to read it by sections for amend-
ment.
The Clerk having read the following para-
graph :
For mail steamship service between the United
States and Brazil, from November 1,1865, to June 30,
1866, $100,000-
Mr. KASSON said: I move to amend by
adding " Or so much thereof as may be due."
My impression is it is not due.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I move to amend the
bill by inserting after line eighty the following:
Salary of the deputy solicitor of the ffourt of
Claims:
That the salary of the deputy solicitor shall be the
same as the salary of the assistant solicitor of said
court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bilk
