1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
recently passed the following preamble and
resolution:
" Whereas in tho debates upon the question of re-
construction in the national Congress, the enemies of
the policy of President Johnson arc endeavoring to
mislead puMic, opinion by tlio grossest misrepresenta-
tions of the opinions and sentiments of the people of
this and other south ern^Statcs: Therefore,
"/> it fpiolveibythe Senate and House of Represent-
ative* of the State of Louisiana in General Azxenihly
convened, That, as representatives recently elected hy
the people of this State, and being fully conversant
with their opinions and sentiments, we do declare
that they havewithunparalleledunanimity accepted
the results of the war as a final settlement of the ques-
tions at issue therein; that there does not exist an
intention or desiro to reopen tho agitation of those
questions; that they acquicsco in tho abolition of
slavery as an accomplished fact, and they are ready
to extend to tho late slaves theprotection of'tholaws
in the enjoyment of their rights; that instead of en-
tertaining any hostility to th e negro raco in the south-
ern States, they hold for them thokiiidly feelings
"which grew out of their former relation to-tho white
race, and recognize it a-: t heir interest as well as duty
to do whatever is pi opt r to advance them in intelli-
gence, morality, and religion. That tho professions
of the people of Louisiana, that they are willing to
subsci 1 be to the national authoi i(y and constitutional
Uovenimont of the United Stated, aro sineero and
iinqinilii.cd, and that any accusations made in con-
ti.idu-u™ of the above statement, from whatever
sunn o or en whatever authority, we pronouneo to be
withou t inundation m fact, and are infamous at! acks
xipon Ihe honor, courago, andgoodfaithof thopooplc
of Louisiana."
Sir, this Government is certainly not what I
supposed it to be. it' after the war lias ended,
and these people have returned to their alle-
giance to the Constitution, they cannot bo in-
trusted with the lull exeicisc of the rights
■which belong to Ihem under Ihe Constitution.
A fl el1 the rebellion has been overthrown, it,is
too lale (o speak of an entire people as rebels
find Irailors. The war has done its work mosl
etleeliially. hot its now have ponce, and (he
retiirn of all Ihe iegilimatc relations of peace.
Have we. indeed degenerated? Are we less
patriotic, less magnanimous, less merciful, and
controlled more by the base passions of hate
•and revenue, than were the statesmen of Home
two thousand jears ago? 1 trust nol.
In reading a speech delivered on the Hill of
January last, by a distinguished cil izen of Ohio,
Once a leading member ol Ihe Senate of the
United Slates, and who 1 regret is not, now 111
tlu1 councils of Ihe nation, I was reminded of
an event in the history of the Roman people
which it would bo well for us nol to forget.
Neatly a hundred yeais before the Christian
era there was an attempt made by some of Ihe
Roman Slates lo.s-ei'afc from the Italian Union.
A war ensued like our own, most bloody and
destructive, and lasting about the same period
of lime. l!ul Ihe confeileral.es then, as now,
wore ullerlyanil completely del'ealed. How,
let mo i!ir|uire, did (lie great men of Rome, ou
whoso minds no lav bad yet, been shed of thai
divine religion which our Saviour came upon
earth nearly a century laler to establish, treal
thi' eonquoied people of those Slate::? l>id
iloniun senators, like, American representa-
tive:, propose to hold those Stales as subju-
gated territories and deny to their people the
j'ielils el'citizens? No, sir; no sueh unwise
counsels prevailed in the Unman senate; bed,
with a true n isdoui and magnanimity, which
even at thisday mus,I, command our warma.dmi-
ratinn. t hey genei on.- ly conceded to Ihe people
of the insurgent Stales the full i ights of Roman
eili'/ens. and merged the remnant of the armies
of the lale confederates with the legions of the
republic, marching them together under the
Roman eagle to ieoo\or the territories which
had been overrun and occupied by a foreign
onctity during the social war, tints preserving
the power, and strength, and glory, of there-
public.
Cicero, in one of his beautiful orations, speaks
ill terms of the most eloquent praiseof the cus-
tom which had prevailed among tho Roman peo-
ple of granting the rights of cil izens to conquered
enemies. Other instances of the exercise of Ihe
same wise and liberal po iicy might, be cited from
Roman history.
And now I may be allowed to inquire whether
it, is possible that the Congress of ihe United
States at this clay, in tho full blaze of Christian
civilization, will be less magnanimous lo our
brethren of the South than were the Roman
people two thousand years ago to their con-
quered enemies ?
Sir, I am not insensible to the fact that the
events of the last four years have produced
estrangements and divisions which time alone
can fully restore; that wounds have been in-
flicted which are yet too fresh to allow us to hope
for that perfect restoration of cordial friendship
and amity for w hich every lover of his country
and his race will most ardently pray.
But it seems to me that it would be the part
of true wisdom in us, after having so completely
crushed the rebellion, and when these peopie
have so unanimously and sincerely, as I believe,
resolved to return to their duties and obliga-
tions to tho Ceneral Government, to treat them
willi that clemency and kindness which will not
fail to win their affection, and thus settle more
iirmly the foundations of the Union, and add
additional luster to tho brilliant victories we
have achieved.
1 know they have committed a great wrong,
hut I ask, now that wo have vindicated before
the world that no right exists under our Con-
stitution for a Slate to secede, after we have
exhibited a determination which admits of no
misconstruction or doubt, that wc will have but
one Constitution and one (lag, would it be the
part, of wisdom and magnanimity, in this hour of
our triumph, to seek to crush and degrade these
men who we have determined shall live with us
as brethren of the same common country?
No, sir; no, sir; this is the hour for clem-
ency and forgiveness. Let us generously say
to these people, "It is true, indeed, that you
ha\e committed a great crime in endeavoring
to break up this Union, made by the sacrifices,
tho toil, and the wisdom of your fathers as well
as ours, but you have abandoned your error and
expressed your desire to return to the common
household. Wo know how to be generous in the
council chamber, as our armies have been mag-
nanimous, gallant, and bravo in the held, and
however great has been your error, you are still
our countrymen. Come, let us again ho sin-
cere friends. We trust and believe that in the
tuture you will be as devoted and patriotic to
the Union as you have been brave and heroic
in a mistaken cause in the past. Let us once
more unite in the pleasing task of advancing
tho true glory, happiness, and prosperity of our
common country. Come, let us enjoy as equals
ami as brothers the rich blessings of this price-
loss heritage which has come down to us from
an illustrious ancestry."
Let us not forgot, 1 beseech you, Mr. Speaker,
the petition in thai, best of prayers which was
pronounced by the lips of our divine Redeemer
himself, and which was taught us at our mothers'
knee, '' Korgi\ e us our I respasses as we forgive
them who trespass against us." And as we
prostrate ourselves in humble adoration before
the Supreme Ruler of nations, to beg His bless-
ing and the forgiveness of our many transgres-
sions, oh let us not forgot that lie is the com-
mon halher of us all, and that in order that
our prayers may bo heard, we, too, must for-
give- every ono from our hearts.
Sir, I believe Ihe pure precepts of Christian
charily will be a much safer guide for us in this
crisis of our histoiy than the principles of hate
and revenge. 1 have always been opposed to
the doclrines of secession. I was determined
in my opposition to the rebellion. 1 have always
been devoted in my attachment to the Union of
these States. All my interests aro in the North.
There sleep the ashes of my ancestors. There
live my kindred and my friends, those whose
love and friendship make life happy. But, sir,
I shall never forget that every State of the
thirty-six is a part of my country, and that their
citizens aro my countrymen. 1 shall never for-
get, Mr. Speaker, that tho independence of this
nation was achieved and the union of these
Stat es formed by the united toil and sacrifices—
the blood and wisdom of both sections; and my
most earnest prayer to-day is that this whole
people may again be true friends, and that all
of these States may once more gather around
the common altar of tho Union, linked to-
gether as equals by the strong and enduring
ties of mutual confidence and affection.
Mr. ORTH obtained thefloor.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. ORTH. I will.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. THAYER asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Moorhead for four days from
next Monday.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, the
House (at kalfpast four o' clock p.m. j adjourned,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
tho rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BftOOMALL: The petition of 375 citizens
of Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying forarnodi-
fleation of the tariff law so as to afford protection to
American industry.
Also, the petition of citizens of Delaware county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an appropriation to im-
prove tho harbor of Marcus Hook, on tho Delaware
river.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petitions of Fall River Savings
Bank; Five Cent Savings Bank, of Fall River, Mas-
sachusetts; Citizens' Savings Bank, of Fall Itivcr,
Massachusetts, respectfully praying that savings in-
stitutions not having capital stock may not be subject
to certain taxes.
By Mr. MOOXIIIEAD: The petition of 6G0 citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for protection to American
labor.
By Mr. STEVENS: Tho petition of Alexander
Dunbar.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 5, 18G6.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. IT. Gray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present to
tho Senate a communication from the Governor
of North Carolina, inclosing certain resolutions
passed by the General Assembly of that State,
accepting certain lands donated to that Stato
by the Congress o£the United States by an act
passed July 2, 1802, entitled "An act donating
public lands to the several States and Territo-
ries which may provide colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts." This
communication and these resolutions will be
laid on the table and printed, if there bo no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has also received and been requested to present
to the Senate a petition of Benjamin llawls, of
Columbia, South Carolina. The petitioner de-
scribes himself as an old man, niuety-threo
years of age. lie says that ho was the owner
of a house, with furniture and other property
connectcd with il, at Columbia, worth at least
ten thousand dollars, which was all the prop-
erty he possessed, being the fruits of a long life
of labor and industry, and that it was all de-
stroyed in a single night by the Army of the
United States, leaving him in a condition not
able to buy a loaf of bread. lie says that he
has always been loyal to the Government of
the United States, has taken an oath to support
the Constitution, and has never broken it; that,
during the days of nullification he suffered pe-
cuniarily for his devotion to the Union cause,
and has never yielded in his devotion from that
day to this. The last sentence of his petition
is very short, and with the permission of the
Senate the Chair will read it:
^ "May theGrand Architect of the universe, who,by
His wisdom, founded the earth, and by His under-
standing established the heavens, supervise and direct
all the deliberations end losaslativo acts of your hon-
orable body to the total extermination from our re-
motest borders of the evil spirit of strife, discord, and
war, and erect in its stead the beautiful temple of
peace, harmony, and friendship throughout the Uni-
ted States."
The petitioner prays that Congress will make
some provision for the loss that ho has sus-
tained. This petition, if there be no objection,
will be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WADE. 1 present a petition .numer-
ously signed by citizens of Ohio, praying Con-
gress—
I. Not to restore any Stats that has rebelled
