m
i, "'
TO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
tive power, broken, shivered, conquered, sub-
jugated. No people since the morning of crea-
tion ever fought a braver battle than oar rebel
countrymen} and no men were ever so defeated,
so subjugated, so conquered—conquered in the
field, their ideas annihilated forever, their power
broken; and their fortunes lost. No men have
been so conquered and so punished: and, sir, I
have'it'not in my heart to seek their lives or
their blood.
I believe it to be the sentiment and will of the
country that we should demand the amplest
guarantees for the future; that in demanding
those guarantees we should say nothing and do
nothing to humiliate or degrade anybody. I
believe that it is in our power by a firm and in-
flexible adherence to principle to secure all the
guarantees that the patriotic and liberty-loving
men of the country require. I believe the Pres-
ident of the United States has labored accord-
ing to his sense of public duty to prepare the
rebel States for restoration, and to secure the
liberties of the enslaved people of the country.
I would have acted differently in some things,
but he has done nothing to prevent thg Congress
of the United States from moving right straight
forward and onward in the adoption of , the ne-
cessary legislation to complete the great work
of unity and liberty. He has made no issue
with Congress, and Congress has made no issue
with him. He does not undertake to dictate to
us; he has pursued his own line of policy. And
we ought to follow the convictions of duty ; if
wo believe that we should go further than he has
gone, let us pass the needed legislation; if then
the President shall take issue with us, an issue
will be made. I do not believe that any issue
will be made by the President. I have an un-
doubtiug faith that if ive enact the needful legis-
lation to secure the equal liberties of all men
and bring back the rebel States into Congress,
it will receive the sanction and approval of the
Executive.
I know, sir, that it has been and is the pol-
icy of the Democratic party to represent that a
great and inevitable conflict is to come between
the President and Congress. . It was so repre-
sented before the country last autumn. We met
it then; met it in the West; met it in New J er-
sey; met it in Pennsylvania; met it in the great
State of New York; and to-day, of the twenty-
five loyal States of the country, twenty-three
are in harmony with us of the Republican party
upon this floor; our sentiments and our opin-
ions are more strongly sustained to-day than
they have been on any other day that the sun
ever shone upon, and will be stronger to-moi-
row. There are some men who profess to be
more devoted to the President than the great
mass of the men who elected him. It is our
duty to give the President a manly, generous,
and earnest support; 1 am sure he wants none
other. Let us look with hope and confidence,
let us be prudent in speech, but let us be as in-
flexible as destiny itself in the maintenance of
the cause of equal, universal, and impartial lib-
erty throughout the whole country—that sacred
cause, for which three hundred and twenty-five
thousand Union soldiers sleep in their bloody
graves to-day: that holy cause, for which more
than four hundred thousand scarred and maimed
heroes tread the soil of the Republic. • Thegal-
'lant heroes of twenty-six hundred actions have
done their duty, their whole duty: they have
trampled the rebellion down under the iron heel
of war. Let us do ours.
It is committed not to the President alone, not
to Congress alone, but to an Administration and
a Congress placed in power by the American
people when the land was convulsed with civil
war, to restore the Union, and so to ve,-tore it
that there shall be no slave, no black law, no
rule, no regulation,'nothing whatever to op-
press the men we have made fiee. Tlie\ ai e
our wards, to use the words of the President
ot the Ignited States. Abraham Lincoln pledged
him-'elf to his country and his God fin- their i
emancipation and the maintenance oft heir liber- ;
ties; and i hat pledge, I believe, every depart-
ment of this Government, executive, leia-da- I
tive, and judicial, will inflexibly maintain. |
Measured by the state of things that existed
last. April we have made progress in many re-
spects—in some sections of the country a great
deal of progress, in others less. Peiliaps in some
localities we have gone backwards, but there
has been general progress in the country dur-
ing the lagt nine months. Comparing the con-
dition of things that existed 'when the Presi-
dent entered upon his duties, and looking at
the rebel section as a whole, we have made
progress—not so much as I wish we had made
and as I think we could have made ; but if in
the past we have made less progress than we
desired, we must make more in the future, and
that progress is to be made only by fidelity to
the great cause by which we have stood during
the past four years of bloody war. For twenty-
five years we had a conflict of ideas, of words,
of thoughts—words and thoughts stronger than
cannon balls. We have had four years of bloody
conflict. Slavery, everything that belongs or
pertains to it, lies prostrate before us to-day,
and the foot of a regenerated nation is upon it.
There let it lie forever. 1 hope no words or
thoughts of a reactionary character are to be
uttered in either House of Congress. I hope
nothing is to be uttered here in the name of
'' conservatism,'' the worst word in the Eng-
lish language. If there is a word in the Eng-
lish language that means treachery, servility,
and cowardice, it is that word '' conservative.''
It ought never hereafter to be on the lips of an
American statesman. For twenty years it has
stood in America the synonym of meanness and
baseness.
I hope, too, that we arc not to make apolo-
gies here for our action. It docs not fit our lips
or our ears. The way to settle the question,
growing out of this great civil war, is to say to
the rebels, "We do not want to degrade you ;
we resisted for twenty years your aggressive
policy for slavery ami your barbarian ideas;
we bore the dishonor and disgrace of your policy:
you plunged us into the fire and blood of civil
war to perpetuate slavery and make the ideas of
slavery dominant in Christian and republican
America; we resisted your aggressions before
the people; we shrank not. from a civil war; we
met the contest; you fought bravely, with a
bravery worthy of a better cause, but you. were
defeated, crushed, annihilated, ground to pow-
der ; not a flag of yours waves between the cap-
ital and the iiio Grande: not a soldier bears a
rebel bayonet on the continent; we do not seek
your Ih es or your blood, and you have got but
little property left for us to seek if we would.
All we ask—and this we will ask and this we will
have as sure as God rules the world—is that the
■ men emancipated by war, emancipated by legis-
lation, emancipated by the proclamation of the
martyr Prerident, emancipated by that great
crowning act, the constitutional amendment,
shall be as free as wo who proudly tread our
native hills." I want every rebel and every
rebel sympathizer, every repentant and unre-
pentant rebel in the country, to understand that,
the loyal men of this nation who vifted their
treasure and offered up their blood, who gave
their son= to the preservmion of the menaced
Union and the imperiled cause of liberty, have
sworn it. they have written it on the lids of their
Bibles, they have engraved it on their door-
posts, that the>e enfranchised men shall be free
indeed, not serR not peons, and that no. black
laws nor unfriendly legislation shall linger on
the statute-book 01 any Commonwealth in Amer-
ica. They are sure to triumph, and all around
may as well understand it at once. The men in
this country who committed themselves to the
cause of liberty, justice, humanity, and Chris- '
tian chilization are baffled sometimes, but de- I
featcd never. They have put men up and put j
men down. They have grappled with ideas and '
with organizations, and they have come oil vie- j
tors. With the attributes of Almighty God, j
everything puie and holy on earth and ill
heaven inspiring to action, the) are sure to tri-
umph in die futare .:- in the past. Jf anybody
doubt; this, let hiui look back over the last
twenty-five years of conflict in our country and
see on every rod of our march the political
graves of great and able men who hesitated,
wavered, faltered, and went down tinder the
stern condemnation of a Christian and liberty-
loving people.
Sir, 1 hope thatwc, the men who carried the
country through the war, who gave the Govern-
ment men and money and everything it asked,
who stood by it, who reelected Abraham Lin-
coln, and took Andrew .Johnson from his Ten-,
nessee home and made him Vice President
because he had been bravo and true to the cause
of the country, will be as bold, as firm, ay, and as
prudent now as we were when the land was bap-
tized in the blood of.our sons. We should look
hopefully to the future ; but to do that we must
not close our eyes to the facts that are about us.
We must take nobody's fair, soft words; we
must not trust to anything but irreversible
guarantees of liberty. I will not trust repent-
ant rebels with the liberties of the meanest man
that treads the soil of the Republic ; 1 will not
trust ourselves, nor will I trust others. I hold
that there is not a freedman treading the soil of
a rebel State to-day who is not entitled to the
protection of just; humane, and equal laws as
much as I am or any man that sits about me.
Wo may differ and we do differ in regard to
some modes of action, but I trust there are no
differences among us in regard to the great pur-
pose to be attained. That purpose is to make
this country a united country and a free coun-
try: to make it the great North American Re-
public, the admiration of all the nations and
all the ages. We differ in regard to modes of
action. Well, sir, let us differ; we can afford
it. The friends of liberty and the country have
differed for twenty-five years, and they grew
and strengthened and prospered by a free and
manly discussion of great public cpiestions. I
say to my friend from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
buey] that he does not know the men who have
fought this battle for the country and for liberty
if he supposes that, those men, accustomed to
speak their thoughts upon all questions with
the freedom that becomes American citizens,
are to sever, disunite, and bo disrupted for the
benefit of men who have linked their names
forever with the cause of human slavery on this
continent; and some of tlietn with the cause of
the defeated rebellion.
Sir, this measure will not pass at present as
1 hoped it would; but the ideas embodied in
this bill are to go upon the statute-book of the
nation; they are to be enforced—enforced by
the President, enforced by the judiciary, en-
forced by the Army, and enforced by the voice
of the regenerated nation. The committee
we have appointed, and to whom we have re-
ferred these great measures will, I am sure, act
wisely. Every source of testimony will be open
to them ; they will see to it that they fully under-
stand the exact condition of every rebel State ;
thev will report proper measure?—what the
needs of the country demand; Congress will
pass them; the President will sign them : and
at no distant day tlu^e vacant, seats v.Tll be
filled, and filled by men who, whatever may
have been their errors in the past, v.ill support
the cause of our united country and the cause
of liberty in America. These ffoodinen.ground
and degraded by two routine-' of slavery, will
in all respects be free; they will go on with us
and of us in the career of elevation and im-
provement; and we of the Noith and they of
the South, of every race, will contribute to de-
velop and elevate and make immortal our great
Continental Ucpublie.
Mr. SAULSiiUliY. Mr. President, the ref-
erence of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts to a remark which i made yesterday
con'titules my apnloaj" fur-trespassing for a
moment, and only for a moment, upon the
attention of the Senate.
'The honorable Senator seems to labor under
a very great mi-take. lie seems to Icive un-
dcr.-uiod me as saying that the Democratic party
of this country «as to come into power again
through the agency of the present Executive.
I said nothing of the kind. Since the com-
mencement of this se-rion the Democratic mem-
bers of this body have sat in their seats in per-
