1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2137
our people. But here the reverse has occurred.
If you ask the reason why, it is plain. The
Territory of Colorado is vast in extent^ situ-
ated oil the two opposite sides of a chain of
mountains, like Italy "parted by the Apen-
nines," sparsely settled, with few centers, with
scanty resources, so that, emigrants arriving
there from foreign lands or from the East,
instead of being tempted to stay are seduced
to go still further West.
"Westward the star of empire takes its way,"
and they finally plant themselves in Montana,
or Idaho, or Oregon, leaving behind them Col-
orado, so that-in point of fact this Territory
can hardly be said at this moment to have what
may be called a permanent population. It is
a floating population not yet attached to the
soil, but still subject to change, and still sub-
ject to the temptation of emigration to other
Territories.
Thus, for instance, Hon. Samuel McLean,
Delegate in Congress from the Territory of
Montana, says in reply to inquiries addressed
to him, that he was a resident of Colorado from
1850 to March, lbG2 : he then went to Montana,
and in the fall of 1861 was elected Delegate.
Ho estimates the population of Montana at
nearly forty thousand, "one fourth of whom
went there from Colorado and are still going.''
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator if there
is any other way of getting to Montana from the
East except by goiu . through Colorado. Do
not they all have to go through Colorado ?
Mr. SUMNER. When he says they went
there from Colorado I interpret that he meant
that they made Colorado a temporary home.
Mr. POMEiiOY. They may have staid
there over night.
Mr. SUMNIiU. He could not mean any
such thing. That would be playing with words.
Ho says he "estimates tho population of Mon-
tana at nearly forty thousand, "one fourth of
whom went there li-om Colorado and are slill
going.'' What is the natural meaning of these
words? Obviously that they are emigrating
from Colorado to Montana.
Mr. POMEROY. They come to my own
State in the same way from the East and from
Europe. They go to Massachusetts in the
same way, and then go on; but we do not
argue from that that Massachusetts is not a
State, or that Kansas is not a State. This star
of empire goes westward. These emigrants
stop for a time in all the States. That is what
that means, that they staid for a time iti Col-
orado and then they wont on to Montana.
Mr. 8UMNEU. Put the figures I have read
it seems to me are sufficient. They explain
themselves and answer the Senator from Kan-
sas. They show this constant decrease; and
thus, for instance, at the last election there
were only 5,905 voters. The Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] refers me to a veto of
*7.000 which occurred, as I understand, at the
Governors election. I have been told that
there are some circumstances of a peculiar
character, some persons call them frauds,
which affected that vote, so that T have not
undertaken to discuss it. It was not cited
in our debates the other day, and I have not
chosen to introduce it into the discussion now.
Mr. NYE. I have it here.
Mr. SUMNER. The statement that I have
before me from a citizen of Colorado, I will
read, then:
" The last vote in Colorado is not given for the
reason that the canvassers throw out a fcreat many
of theballotsbecause illegally cast, or rather because
of monstrous frauds. Over a thousand, it is cur-
rently reported, were thrown out from one district.
The number returned trom the several voting pre-
cincts was over 7,000."
Assuming that over 7,000 were returned and
that 1,000 were thrown out in one district for
fraud, you have that cut down at once to 6,000:
but assuming that it is 7,000, what is all this
compared to the original 10,000 votes with
which the Territory began, and compared also
to the splendid promises %vhieli the Senator from
Ohio made with regard to the Territory when
he first called the attention of the Senate to it?
And how do you account for this falling off,
except by the supposition that the population
re tempted to other lands westward?
I have said that the Territory had been fail-
ing in population. I now remind you that it
has also been failing in agriculture. On that
head I quote the authority of the surveyor gen-
eral of Colorado in his report dated August 15,
1865, as follows:
"No land can he cultivated without irrigation.
"The great drawback to the settlement of Colorado
is the want of system in the method of irrigation.
"An emigrant generally leaves the Missouri river
early in the spring, and arrives here in time to make
a crop, provided he could find a farm already pre-
pared for working; this he cannot do, and to dig the
ditch necessary to irrigate a farm will consume the
whole summer, and take more money than most
emigrants have. Theeonsecjuenceis.thatthousaiids
come here, spend a few days trying to get a farm,
and so on further west."
There, again, is an answer to the inquiry of
my friend from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.] It
seems that the surveyor general of Colorado
says that these emigrants, after spending a few
days at Colorado vainly trying to get a farm
there, go on further west.
Mr. POMEROY. They do precisely that
when they are in Illinois, and when they are
in Missouri, and when they are in Kansas.
Those men who arc moving west only stop a
little while. If they are not suited in one place
they go on to another. That is precisely what
this statement proves.
Mr. SUMNER. But the figures here show
something more. We have also a statement iu
the same report of the surveyor general to the
effect that grasshoppers have interfered with
the'products of the soil. Its agriculture has
been essentially impaired by that insect. Here
are bis words :
"The only diawback to the cultivation of land is
the grasshopper."
Again, speaking of the crop of 1865 he says:
"The grasshoppers havedestroyed all of two thirds
of the grain crop."
As no crops can be raised without great
expense at ditching, and appealing to that irri-
gation which was essential to the agriculture
of ancient Egypt, while there is no Nile in
Colorado to contribute from its abundant
waters, and as the grasshoppers destroy two
thirds of the crop before it is raised, we see
easily why the farming population of Colorado
has diminished.
Then, sir, we come to the mineral resources.
Coloiado is a mining Territory ; its population
is mining. But here there has been the same
retrogression. Instead of going forward the
Territory has been going backward. Thus, for
instance, the same official report which I have
already quoted, speaking of the mining, says,
" the gold crop of the present year, 1804, has
been almost a failure." Then, again, thissame
authority, in the report of 1865, says :
" Gold mining is almost at a xUnidsti/L Only fifteen
hundred ounces per week is being produced ill the
whole mining region of Colorado, and the product
for the year will not cxcoed one million dollars.
"The speculations of last year caused an entire
ntoppvfie <>( all the old mills.
"A few of the new mills are now ill motion, but at
the present cost of labor, and everything else, they
cannot moie than pay expenses. Many companies
are doing nothing, some waiting for better times,
some waiting for machinery, some experimenting on
now processes, and some fooKiip away their money by
trusting their affairs to ignorant men, and some-who
never intend to mine outside of Walt street."
Such is the official testimony with regard to
the mines, and yet we are told in the pam-
phlet which is on our tables and to which I
have already referred, that " Colorado, as a
gold-producing country, is second only to Cal-
ifornia." In point of fact there was a time
when it was second only to California, but that
time has passed. If j^ou look at the statistics
you will find that the figures give an unerring
auswer. Take, for instance, the finance report
for the year ending June 30, 1863. There it
appears that California produced $13,501,000
of gold in that year; Oregon, S3,016,000; Col-
orado, $2,893,000; so that in 1863 Colorado
instead of being the second was the third.
Then take the same report for the year ending
June 30, 1864, we find that California that
year produced $15,071,000 of gold; Idaho,
$2,306,000 
Mr. STEWART. "Who makes that report?
Mr. SUMNER. I give these figures from
the finance report.
Mr. STEWART. That'must be the amount
that went to the Mint. California has never
produced less than forty million dollars in any
year.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; it is the report,
so far as it goes, of the Superintendent of the
Mint, founded on the receipts of that institu-
tion.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I desire to inquire if
the Senator is giving us the figures officially
communicated by the Director of the Mint?
Mr. SUMNER. These figures are taken
from the finance report of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. That gives a very small
fraction of the actual production.
Mr. SUMNER. It goes on the basis of what
is received at the Mint.
Mr. STEWART. But a very small portion
of the product of the country goes to the Mint.
We are producing annually in the United States,
according to the best estimate we are able to
get, $100,000,000 of gold and silver, while,
according to the report on which the Senator
relies, only about twenty millions go to the
Mint.
Mr. SUMNER. I was commenting on the
statement in the pamphlet, as follows:
"The report of the Superintendent of the Mint
shows that Colorado, a  a gold-producing country, is
seeond only to California."
I answered this statement by the finance
report, showing the contrary ; so that, accord-
ing to this highest authority, whatever may
have been* the position of Colorado five or six
years ago, during the last three years it has not
been the second gold-producing region of out
country.
When the Senator interrupted me, I was
giving the figures from the finance report for
the year ending June 30, 1864, showing from
California $15,710,000 of gold, from Idaho
$2,306,000, from Oregon ยง2,102,000, and from
Colorado $2,136,000; so that in 1864 Colorado
stood fourth on the list, instead of sta ding
second. Then comes the finance report lo i the
year ending June 30, 1865, where it appears
that California produced $13,332,000 of gold,
Idaho $4,971,000, Montana $1,767,000, and
Colorado $1,622,000; so that during this last
year Colorado was again fourth on the list,
instead of being the second. For the years
1861,1862,1863, and 1864, Colorado, according
to this testimony, produced over two millions
annually, but in 1805 it produced considerably
loss than two millions; less in 1864 than in
1863; less in 18G2 than 1861. Therefore, sir,
according to this unanswerable evidence, you
find that her mineral wealth has been failing,
and that this Territory has been less productive
than it was at the beginning.
Sir, there is another illustration which goes
to show how this Territory has been fallingoff.
I refer to the Post Office. I need not remind
you that there is no part of our system which
quickens, increases, and expands with time
more than the Post Office. There is no person
who does not write more letters this year than
he wrote the year before. So with all families.
The interchanges of affection and of business
grows naturally rather than diminishes. If
you find, therefore, that there is a falling off in
the Post Office, if is "because thepopulation there
has essentially failed, showing there is not the
same need of a Post Office that there was before.
In this respect the fall has not been great, but
it has been enough to indicate a retrogression.
It shows what I have been aiming to exhibit
from the beginning, that this Territory has been
going backward. According to the report of
the Postmaster General for the year ending
June 30.1863, there was received from letters
in this Territory $1,440, from papers $993,
from the sale of stamps $14,263, making a sum
total of $16,697 received by the Post Office
from this Territory. For the year ending June
30, 1864, you had from letters $1,185, a fewer
number of letters than the year before; you had
