1865:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
feet silence, without saying one word in refer-
ence to any of the issues that seem to distract
the councils of the Republican.- party. I did
say, however,_ yesterday, that the apprehension
seemed to exist in the minds of some in the
other end of the Capitol and in this Chamber
that the Democratic party of the country was
again to come into power, and through the
agency of the present Executive. I waa ex-
pressing no opinion of my own, but stating the
simple fact that such an apprehension seemed
to exist. Was I not justified in that remark?
I recollect reading in the newspapers a speech
made in this city by Mr. Thaddeus Stevens, a
distinguished citizen of Pennsylvania, in which
he openly advocated the exclusion of the south-
ern States from representation in the Congress
of the United States on the ground that such
a representation would be destructive of the
liepublican party. He is high authority in that
Eolitieal church, I believe. I appeal to the
onorable Senator from Massachusetts to know
whether, in the speech made by his colleague
[Mr. Sumner] yesterday and the extracts read
from private letters which he said he had re-
ceived from southern people, the same appre-
hension did not seem to exist.
But, sir, I did not rise to express any opin-
ions of my own as to whether that apprehension
was well or ill founded. I am in no position
to know whether it was well or ill founded. I
have known the President of the United States
as a distinguished Senator upon this floor. I
served with him for several years, and our
relations were always of the most kindly and
friendly character, and I will take occasion here
to say that, although not of his party now, when
he was of mine I entertained for him high per-
sonal regard, and though he may have strayed
into wrong company, still for him individually
I entertain great personal respect and kindness,
and for one, so far as his actions shall conform
to the Constitution of the country and the just
rights of the States of the Union, I shall stand
by him, finding no fault, but lending him my
humble support, not however because 1 suppose
the result of that course will be to break up a
party which is a great and glorious and noble
party, as the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts would have us believe—aparty whose
heroes never retreat, but always go forward.
We shall see whether they will be as successful
in the accomplishment of party purposes in the
future as they have been in the past.
But I will say to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts that, with or without the agency
of the President of the United States, the Dem-
ocratic party is not in such a hopeless condi-
tion as he seems to suppose. He volunteers
his kind advice that it needs reconstruction.
Let me tell that honorable Senator that how-
ever offensive the word "conservative" may
be to him, that party is a conservative party.
It does not make sudden changes; it does not
require frequent reconstruction; it needs no
new or modern architects to build it up:
"Wo know what masters formed its keel,
"What workmen wrought it1? ribs of steel,
Who made eaeh mast, and sail, and rope,
"What anvils rang, what hammers beat,
In what a forge and what a heat
Wero shaped the anchor of its hope."
Sir, it was formed by the great and the good
men of the country who formed the Constitu-
tion of the country which this Congress, and
some of the party to which the honorable Sen-
ator belongs, seem so anxious to reconstruct
and to improve. Why, sir, I believe it was
only yesterday that an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the country—the work of those
"old fogies" of a former age who did not seem
to "understand their business, the men who laid
the deep foundations of this Government firmly
in the principles of constitutional liberty—was
offered in the other branch of Congress, and
passed through without debate under the pre-
vious question, and hurried into this body. The
Senator does belong to a progressive age and
to a progressive party! The work which cost
such men as George Washington and James
Madison and the founders of the country
months of anxious deliberation, is now e^secy
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 8,
day the subject of patchwork in the Congress
of the United States; and there is no states-
man, however young or inexperienced, or un-
known to fame, that does not feel himself per-
fectly competent to amend the workmanship
of such men as the founders of this Govern-
ment.
Mr. President, let me say to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts that however offen-
sive the word "conservative" may be to him,
if this work of amending the fundamental law
of the land is to be proceeded with so rapidly
and is to continue, 1 apprehend that the num-
ber of the Democratic host will swell, and that
there will be more conservative men who, ven-
erating the_ work of their fathers, will solemnly
protest against the inconsiderate andhasty legis-
lation of the present times.
As I said before, I am in no situation to know
the views of the President of the United States
further than he chooses to communicate them
in his written messages to this body. While I
shall support the President in all constitutional
measures, I would not have it understood that
I agree with him in much that he has done. I
have no doubt that he has acted patriotically
and as he thought right. I am perfectly will-
ing to give him credit for that. But, sir, his
theory of restoration is not my theory of res-
toration ; neither is the theory of the destruc-
tion of the southern States as advocated by
others my theory. I will simply state in one
moment what I mean, without entering into this
question now; it will be time enough to do so
hereafter.
I hold that when armed resistance to Fed-
eral authority ceased in the southern States, and
the Federal authority was acknowledged, those
States never having been out of the Union, but
always in it, their ordinances of secession being
absolute nullities, the people of those States had
a right to assemble as citizens of the United
States, elect their own Stale Legislatures, elect
their own Governors, and put into operation
the machinery of government, without the in-
tervention of the President or Congress or any-
body else. Although 1 never had the honor to
see the distinguished worrier "'ho did as much
if not more than any other in suppressing armed
resistance to Federal authority—I refer to Gen-
eral Sherman—I take this occasion to say that the
only true and wise solution of this national dif-
ficulty was that which General Sherman adopted
in his negotiations with General Johnston. Had
his action been approved and his programme
been carried out in good faith, peace would not
only have reigned from ocean to ocean and from
the lakes to the Gulf, but happiness and con-
tentment would have everywhere prevailed, and
the vacant seats in these Halls of Congress would
have been filled with representatives from the
southern States, not in enmity to the Govern-
ment of the United States, but rejoicing that
they were again back under that same old flag
which they in former years adored, and which
their fathers followed and worshiped.
But, sir, that mode of settlement was not
adopted. The President of'the United States
acting, as I have said I have no doubt, patriot-
ically, adopted his mode of restoration of the
relations of those States to the Federal Govern-
ment; and I am glad that he does not use the
word "reconstruction." The people of the
southern States have themselves aequiesccd in
that mode of restoring their relations to the Fed-
eral Government. It then is not only the Pres-
ident's plan, but it becomes, by virtue of the
adoption of the people of the southern States,
their plan, and may be treated as the act of the
people of those States. Therefore, I can legit-
imately and properly support the President in
his plan of restoration, the people of those States
having the right themselves to act upon it, and
having adopted it as theirs. Upon no other
ground could I support it. How much nobler,
how much wiser, how much more statesmanlike
is that plan than the plan presented by some,
of treating eleven States of this Union as for-
eign territory conquered and held by military
power, subject to the control of the conqueror,
ami to'be disposed of according to his sovereig-ti
will! The President's plan, as adopted by the"
people^ of those States, gives them the sstote-
status in the Union that they always had before
they forcibly opposed Federal authority. It
secures to the people of those States the regu-
lation of their own internal affairs, and is an-
tagonistic to that proposed by the advocates of
the opposite theory.
One word more, sir ; and it may as well fee-
said now as at any other time. TVc arc toid by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts and
others of like opinions with himself, that the
second section ot the amendment to the Cde-
stitution^ as it is called, but which I call the un-
constitutional pretended constitutional amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
confers ample power upon, the Congress of the
United States not only to go into the southern
States, but into any State of this Union, and to
legislate in reference to the condition of what
are termed the freedmen. I have never had
but one opinion in reference to that amend-
ment. I acknowledge that as a matter of fact
slavery does not exist in this country. Other
things have brought about the abolition of sla-
very. It has been abolished by the military
power of the country. I think the honorable
Senator and others are greatly at fault when
they suppose that there is any great desire to
restore slavery in this country. I do not be-
lieve, from my intercourse with some of these
southern gentlemen since the commencement
of this Congress, that in some of the largest
slaveholding States in the South they
they could,- restore slavery. Still, sir, as I call
it an unconstitutional pretended constitutional
amendment, I will say that 1 do not believe the
Congress of the United States had a right to
pass it. Three fourths of the States have no
right to say whether slavery shall exist in my
State or not. It is a matter foreign to the ob-
jects of the Government when formed, a matter
never intended by the parties to the compact,
as there are a hundred other things which were
never intended to be intrusted to the decision
of three fourths of the States. It was no more
intended by them than it was intended that
three fourths of the States should decide whether
there should bo slavery in Massachusetts or not.
But, sir, what is the meaning of the phrase
" appropriatelegislation?" The honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Tbcmbtjll] the other
day asked me what it did mean. Having had
nothing to do with it in its passage, I remarked
that I did not know what it did mean; but I
think I can judge of the meaning of language.
The amendment itself was an amendment to
abolish slavery. What is slavery? That is the
subject-matter of the amendment. Slavery is
a status, a condition; it is a slate or situation
where one man belongs to another and is sub-
ject to his absolute control. The slave can own
no property of his own; he cannot work for
himself, but he is subject to the command of
his owner. Cannot that status or condition be"
abolished without attempting to confer on all
former slaves all the civil or political rights that
white people have? Certainly. Your "appro-
priate legislation "is confined to the subject-
matter of your amendment, and extends to
nothing else. "Congress shall have power by
appropriate legislation to carry this amendment
into effect." What amendment? The amend-
ment abolishing slavery, abolishing the status,
the condition of slavery; but there is nothing
in your amendment which gives Congress the
power to enter my State and undertake to reg-
ulate the relations existing between classes and
different conditions in life. When the passions
of the maddened hour shall die away and rea-
son shall resume its throne, and the clear-headed
jurists of the land shall sit in judgment upon
such a question as this, I have no doubt as to
what the decision will be. Tt, has been said that
it was never questioned that Congress had such
a power. I have great respect for the opinion
of learned gentlemen of this Senate, but I con-
fess that if I were to ask a student of six months
in myoffice such a question as that, andhewere
to express such an opinion, I should really con-.,
aider that his term of study in the office sKouIaf
