1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3097
ing the person then oecup3'ing the chair [Mr.
Grinxell] to be so exceedingly polite to me
during my speech I asked a gentleman the
next morning to introduce me to him that I
might thank" him for his attention to mo,.
Hence I was much surprised to learn from
the Globe a clay or two afterward that I was
charged by Inm with having uttered sentiments
that degraded my State ; that I had threatened
to shoot an officer in the discharge of his duty.
Why, sir, it was not the duty but agrfinst the
duty of this man to make au arrest of this sort,
to invade the privacy of a man's family and
to outrage the laws by a violation of personal
rights ; and it was this I complained of.
Sir, there was 110 reason for that assault
upon me. I replied to it upon that occasion
in what seemed to me fitting terms, and the
matter passed by. To-day, in alluding to the
State of Kentucky, I referred to it again. The
member from Iowa had said very cavalierly
and with much contempt that he did not know
whether I fought on one side or on the other,
on the rebel or on the Federal side. I have
said to-day, and believe now that members
will sustain me in the assertion, that he did
know on which side I fought.
Mr. GlilNNELL. I never said that.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Well, if the Globe does
not bear me out in my statement of the mem-
ber's language I will acknowledge that I have
been mistaken. What the member said was
that he did not know whether I had fought four
years on the Federal or four years on the rebel
side, but that I had uttered a sentiment which
degraded my State. That is my recollection of
the matter,and I am sure that I am not mistaken.
i Mr. GlilNNELL. What I said was that I
did not care whether the gentleman had fought
on the one side or the other.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Sir, the member's lan-
guage, as I have quoted it according to my best
recollection, seemed to me at the time to be
highly improper and exceedingly unjust. The
first declaration was that I degraded my State
by having uttered that sentiment. Now, sir, I
believe there is not a member in my hearing,
unless it bo the member from Iowa, who would
not utter the same sentiment, and who would
not do what 1 declared I would do—who would
not stand by his wife and children in defend-
ing their rights when illegally and oppressively
invaded. Tlie man who would not do this is
unworthy of the name of man, and I believe
that even the member from Iowa himself would
not prove so recreant to all the principles of
manhood.
That member lias been pleased to-day to
make some personal allusions to me. I will
not resent anything lie can say, because, as J
understand, he declares that he cannot be in-
sulted. With such a man I can have no quar-
rel, and because 1 look with utter contempt
upon anything he could say.
Mr. GRINNELL. No, sir, I never said that.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. There is one incident
which that member has mentioned about which
I desire to say a word. He refers to an anec-
dote which may he found in the Annals of
the Army of the Cumberland—a history of
the war in the West. This anecdote was told
by General Jeff. C. Davis one evening at table
with General Roseerans and some thirty offi-
cers, to the great amusement of all. The mat-
ter is this: 1 had been absent from the Army,
visiting this city, endeavoring to get leave to
raise some troops. On my return, wherever I
went, my troops cheered me, as was their cus-
tom after an absence. Cheering among the
troops at that time was somewhat unusual: for
I regret to say that at the beginning of the
war there was' not so much enthusiasm with
regard to general officers as could have been
wished. This cheering always created a com-
motion in the camp. There was also another
cause of shouting and cheering.
The soldiers, whole regiments, often got
after a rabbit, and surrounding him, would
shout and chase him almost scaring him to
death till they caught him. Such shouting and
cheering occurring one day, General Jeff. C.
Davis, as lie stated at General Rosecrana's
table, as before pientioned, asked the sentinel
before his door what it meant, who replied ho
did not know, but supposed it was either Rous-
seau or a rabbit. The whole Army is ac-
quainted with the joke, and the member from
Iowa can find it in the book referred to, set
down as a compliment to me. It was, in fact,
a by-word in the army of the Cumberland. 1
was proud of it, for it evinced my popularity
with the brave men I commanded.
I care very little what such a man as that
member may say of my deportment as a sol-
dier. I tell that member, sir, there are more
than fifty regiments from the great Northwest
who served under me, and the history of no
one of them can be truthfully written in which
my name will not be honorably mentioned. Go
to the men from Iowa, the member's own
State, and I will give my right arm if he can
find one of them, from the highest to the low-
est, who will not testify to my soldierly bear-
ing in all things. Thank God, my name shall
go down to posterity linked in honor with theirs.
\Yre endured together the hardships, and faced
the dangers of a soldier's life, and wo have
reason to know and rcspect each other.
The member is mistaken when he says no
Iowa troops were under me. The fifth Iowa
cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Patrick, were with
me ou various occasions and fought under me.
They were among the best of my command in
the expedition which destroyed thirty-five miles
of the most important railioad one hundred
and thirty miles in the rear of Johnston's army
while in front of Atlanta. Let that member
lead the history of troops from his own State,
or let him ask any man of the fifth Iowa cav-
alry who was their commander in crossing the
Coosa river and in repelling the various raids
of Forrest and Wheeler.
1 have a warm place in my heart for the sol-
diers of the Union, and when I speak of them
I hmst say what I feel.
11' I am six feet high, as the member has
said, it is no fault of mine—I am as God made
me; and if I have had courage to serve my
country 1 am thankful. I thank God I have
had the courage and strength to do it. I have
never dreamed of making a parade of it, and
certainly not when I call upon par excellence
stay-at-home patriots upon this floor, who de-
nounce the friends of the President as lick-
spittles, to know in what manner theylnue
served their country cxccpt in denouncing
rebels, filling offices, and drawing salaries.
I hope now that I have heard the last of the
member from Iowa. I hope 1 shall never have
occasion to recur to the subject again. What-
ever glory he has gained iu this contest [ am
content, he should wear.
Mr. GlilNNELL. The occasion is no fault
of mine.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, (at
four o'cloekand lifiy-oight minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, \tc., were presented under
the rule and referred to tiie appropriate committees:
By Mr. BAXKS: The memorial of llorntio Nut in:,
claiming compensation for services rendered to the
Census Office, Department of the Interior.
liy Mr. HUBBA-RD, of West Virginia: The peti-
tion of I. II. Atkinson, of Hancock count;", West Vir-
ginia. asking compensation tor property taken and
used bv the tioops of the United States.
By Mr. if A LK: The petition of John 1'. Atelier,
of Washington, District, of Columbia, praying that a
share of the rewards offered for the detection and
arrest ot the assassins of President Lincoln may be
awarded to the petitioner.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of D. It. Ra«back,
and others, citizens of Madison county, New York,
for rciu at or modification of law imposing tax often
per cent. upon banks paying out the notes of State
banks after July 1,18ti0.
By Mr. PHRHAJI: Thememorial of Maria Accardi
Jennings, guardian of Edward J. Accardi and La-
vinia U. E. Accardi. for pension.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of David Dines,
Nancy Dill, and 42 others, pcnsioneis, praying that
suitable provisions bo made to prevent. United States
pension agents from deducting fees from payments
made to pensioners, and protesting against any hill
allowing the United States pension agents fees for
prepaying papers and administering oaths.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 12, 18C8.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. LAN-E, of Indiana, and
by unanimous consent, the reading of the Jour-
nal of yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Darius Ferris, of Wcstport, New York, pray-
ing for a pension on account of naval services
rendered iu the war of 1812; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of Marengo, a petition of citizens of
Galena, a petition of citizens of Geneva, and
a petition of citizens of Freeport, all in the
State of Illinois, praying for the passage of a
bankrupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of John
McNally, and others, employes around the
President's House and grounds under the ad-
ministration of Mr. Lincoln, praying for com-
pensation for extra services rendered by them;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of mer-
chants of the city of Baltimore, engaged in the
importation of coffee, sugar, &c., praying that
the benefit of the provision in the bill now
pending relating to sales made by or author-
ized through another wholesale dealer on com-
mission, shall be so extended in the ease of
commercial brokers as to exempt them from
the payment of a tax on sales of any goods,
wares, or merchandise in cases where a tax
on the sales is paid by wholesale dealers as
such ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Abraham Lansing, who was in the
naval service in the war of 1812, praying for a
pension, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. !50i>) granting a pension to Abra-
ham Lansing. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was or-
dered to be printed,
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
844) to incorporate the Niagara Ship Canal
Company, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CONN ESS. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(S. R. No. sj8) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and China," approved February 17, 180-5, have
instructed me to make a report in writing.
This is a joint resolution concerning the ap-
plication of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany for a release from that portion of their
contract which required them to stop at the
Sandwich Islands on their route to Japan and
China. The committee recommend the pas-
sage of the resolution. t will state that the
report embraces some very valuable statistical
and other information furnished from many
sources: a very valuable report from the Post-
master General upon this subject. I there-
fore move that, in addition to the usual num-
ber of copies of the report, one thousand ad-
ditional copies be printed; which motion, I
suppose, will go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That, motion
will go to the Committee on Printing, and the
printing of the usual number of the report will
be ordered.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
whom was referred a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 123) for the relief of Elizabeth Woodward
and George Chorpenning, of Pennsylvania,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs ; which was agreed to.
reconstruction report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for
to
