1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3099
He did expend it where he thought best; there
was a universal scramble for his opinion. I
do not think it ought to be so. It is a fore-
gone conclusion in regard to most of the places
named in this bill where improvements are pro-
vided for. There are some of them, to be
sure, that are new to me and about which I
•know nothing and have nothing to say; but
the great mass of them are old works which
have been prosecuted on according to surveys
made in former years. This provision which I
have moved to strike out gives the engineer a
broad discretion to say that they are not use-
ful, and that no money shall be expended upon
them. I think such a provision is unusual in
bills of this nature, and I hope it will not be
retained Here.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, in considering this bill, have consulted
with the engineers and with the committee of
the other House, and after mature considera-
tion have recommended the clause which the
Senator from Ohio moves to strike out. It is
well known that many of these surveys were
made a long time ago, and recommendations
were made a long time ago, which now it may
be deemed expedient to change. This pro-
vision simply leaves with the Secretary of War
the discretion of making such changes as he
thinks best. I hope the bill will pass as it
came from the committee. I trust this pro-
vision will not be stricken out. I believe it
has been heretofore customary to put in just
such a provision.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio is emi-
nently proper. If you are going to put such a
proposition as this into this bill, you will put
ll in the bill that will be passed next year, and
then 
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Sen-
ator that we have already ordered new surveys
for the coming year, as the Senator will find
if he reads the fourth section, so that in the
future it will not bo necessary. At this time
it is necessary.
Mr. GRIMES. If this second section con-
fined its operation to new works, it would be
very well, but it does not apply to new works-;
it applies to all.
Mr. CHANDLER. We intended that it
should.
Mr. GRIMES. In that respect I think it is
wrong. General Totlen, when at the head of
the engineer department, sent out his sub-
engineers, and tliey made surveys at various
places. Money has been expended on the
strength of the recommendations which Gen-
eral Totten made to Congress, and improve-
ments have been partially completed. Now we
have a change in the administration of the
engineer department; another gentleman is
theic, equally competent, I suppose; but he
entertains different opinions from those enter-
tained by his predecessor. He will have new
surveys, at a considerable expense, and change
the method of construction. Next year ho
dies, or is superseded by an order of the Pres-
ident or Secretary of War, and another gen-
tleman comes in as chief engineer, and then
you have another change, and so you go on;
instead of following out one particular systerii
you have as many systems as you have chief
engineers of the department. If the Senator
from Michigan will make his proposition so as
to say that no money shall be expended upon
any new works until the engineer department
shall have decided that they ought to be made,
and shall have specific plans 
Mr. CHANDLER. This is no new work.
There is not a single new work here.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether there
is any new work or not, but I confess that on
reading this bill I have discovered that I am
exceedingly defective in my knowledge of
geography. There are a great many places
that I never heard of before. I would inquire
where is the place which is named in the third
clause, on page 7, in line one hundred and
forty of section one; and I should like to
know how the Senator pronounces it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Aux Bees Scies, [0-
bis-sa.]
Mr. GRIMES. It is said to be in Michigan,
but where is it? Is not that a new work?
Mr. CHANDLER. Hardly a new work.
It has been surveyed; there is not much of a
harbor there now. It is a harbor of refuge.
The same amendment was put on the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill last year, which was
allowed to die.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a new .work, though,
I take it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The provision for ithas
been two or three times put on the miscella-
neous appropriation bill. This is the exact
amount that, was estimated by the engineer.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not a word to say
against it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have argued the Aux
Bes Scies ease before the Senate two or three
times, and the Senate has every time agreed to
the appropriation.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know anything
about.it. I only alluded to it to get the Sena-
tor's pronunciation of the name, and to get
myself posted up in regard to the geography
of his State.
Mr. CHANDLER. If you want the exact
location, it is near Thunder bay, between that
and Grand Traverse. I want, the Senator to
be posted in the geography of the lakes.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio is manifestly proper
and ought to be adopted. If not, there is
going to bo no end to the expenditure of
money, if you arc going to vary these surveys
every year as there may happen to be a change
in your engineer depaitmcnt.
Mi. CHANDLER. I will give an illustra-
tion. On the Thames river a system was
adopted of keeping that river clear which was
found to be defective. Now, would the Sena-
tor go on with a defective system because it
bad been adopted years ago, or would he adopt
the improvements of the age? In my judg-
ment he would adopt the more recent im-
provement rather than go on with the old
plan. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted. The bill is as perfect now as the
two Committees on Commerce could make it.
I am willing that any other committee should
take charge of it if they can make a better bill.
If they can, all right; but 1 hope the Senate
will stand by this.
Mr. WADE. I do not find fault with the
general provisions of the bill; but! believe this
provision is an unusual one. I have looked at
the bill somewhat, and I believe that all the
appropriations which it makes are upon the
recommendation of the Department founded
upon the estimates and surveys of the engineer.
Most of these, I am told, are old works where
money has hei'etofore been expended, and
where for many years we endeavored to get
improvements made but failed, sometimes from
one leason and sometimes from another; but
they are all, or nearly all, places where large
sums of money have been expended, and with-
out. the improvement of which the navigation
of our rivers and lakes must almost cease. A
great many of those harbors are in a condition
of dilapidation and going rapidly to decay.
Here is a discretion vested in the engineer
to go back, and if he sees fit to say that, in
his judgment, a work upon which we have
expended so much money heretofore, is not
proper for the public interest, then he need not
expend the appropriation for it; and I do not
know how during this season you will do any-
thing with this provision in the bill that no
money shall be expended until the engineer
has made an examination there and perhaps
caused a resurvey. We want something done
this season on the lake harbors at all events ;
and as I said before, I take more interest in
them than in any others, because I know more
about them. I do not know that they are any
more necessary than the others, but it is of the
first importance that the work on those harbors
should be done just as soon as it can bo done.
As for the propriety of expending money
upon them, every engineer who has ever been
sent out for the last forty years has made the
same report, that it was absolutely essen-
tial that it should be done. Money has been
expended there heretofore. The works are
now dilapidated. Why, then, vest the engi-
neer with the discretion to say whether the
work is useful or not, and that no money shall
be expended until he does say that, and that
he may cause a resurvey to bo made before
anything is to be laid out there? I know very
well what will be the result of such a provis-
ion. There will be a universal scramble for
these appropriations, to find out where the engi-
neer will bestow his favors, and where he will
not. These works have all passed under the
supervision of the Government. Every Con-
gress for years has passed upon the propriety
of almost the whole of them ; and why now go
back and say to the engineer that he shall go
there armed with despotic power to declare
whether a work is useful or not, and that he
may cause a resurvey and dilly-dally with it
another season before a cent shall be laid out
upon it? I can see no possible benefit to be
derived from such a provision. I know that
these lake harbors, and it is well known to all
navigators, and well known to all engineers,
have been estimated for from year to year and
their importance determined; and certainly we
want no such resurvey there. We want the
money expended under an engineer competent
for the business; and having passed upon it
already I see no reason for going back or delay-
ing the work any longer than is necessary to
pass the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one reason that
with me is conclusive why this amendment of
my colleague ought to be adopted ; and it is
this: there are plans for all the existing works,
or all thq old works of improvement on the lake
harbors and on the river harbors with which I
am most familiar. Now, if an appropriation
is made for an improvement at a particular
harbor, and it is left to the engineers—because
it is to be decided by the engineers rather than
by the Secretary of War—to change the plan,
they may fritter away this appropriation in the
adoption of some new plan contemplating fur-
ther expenditures ; and as this bill is framed
upon the idea that the money expended under it
shall complete the improvement of these works,
I think it would be very unwise to leave the
engineer officers the power to change their
plan and to expend this money probably in
some new plan which has not yet been sub-
mitted to the judgment of Congress. I would
much prefer that*Congress should take upon
itself to determine the amount to be expended
at particular places, and adopt the old plans
which have been submitted to Congress, rather
than authorize the engineers to adopt new
plans. We know by experience that the en-
gineer department, under whose supervision
this money will be expended, are generally
pretty extravagant in their notions. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment of my colleague
will be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the Secretary
to report the amendment again.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section two, line one, after the word
'•that" to strike out the following words:
The Secretary of War, before expending any part
of the money herein appropriated, shall, where the
public interests require it, cause a reexamination
and resurvey of the public works hereby appro-
priated for; and he is hereby authorized to change
or modify the present plan, if in his opimon the
public interest will be materially benefited thereby.
And.
So that the section -will read :
That the money appropriated by this act shall bo
so applied as to complete, or make the neaiest ap-
proximation to completing, the work tor which each
specific appropriation is made, &e.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that amendment. It is not material. I did
not understand it fully before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to move a slight
amendment in t|ie fifty-fourth line of the first
section. The clause now reads: "for improve-
