1865.
THE OONGEESSIO.NAL GLOBE.
I#
ought never to recognize arty Government which has
been imposed on any nation on this continent by the
amis ol any jiuropean Power.
CHANGE 01 REFERENCE.
Mr. KASSON. I introduced the other day,
before the appointment of a Committee on
Mines and Mining, some resolutions; which
were referred to what was at that time the
proper committee—the Committee on Public
Lands. I now move that that committee be
discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPHING IN THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads lie instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a national system of telegraph-
ing, by which all telegrams shall be forwarded under
a similar system to our present postal service, within
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. VOORHEES asked unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the message of the President of the
United States, delivered at the present Congress, is
rogarded by this body as an able and patriotic state
paper.
Resolved; That the principles therein advocated for
the restoiation of the Union are the safest and most
practicable that can now be applied to our disordered
domestic affairs.
Resolved, That no State, or any number of States
confederated together, can in any manner sunder their
connection with the Federal Union, except by a total
subversion of our present system of government; and
that the President ill enunciating this doctiinc inliis
late mos,-age lias but given expression to the senti-
ments of all those who deny the right or power of a
State to secede.
Resolved, That the President is entitled to the
thanks of Congress and the country for his faithful,
wise, and successful efforts to restore civil govern-
ment, law. and order to those States whose citizens
were lately in insuriection against the Federal
authority; and wo hereby pledgo ourselves to aid,
assist, and uphold him in the policy which he has
adopted to give harmony, peace, and union to the
country.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move that the resolu-
tions be referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions have not
yet been received; but the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Voonnmcs] asks unanimous consent
to submit them at. this time.
Mr. BAKER. I object to the introduction
of the resolutions.
LAND CLAIMS IS ARIZONA.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the settlement of
private land claims in the Territory of Arizona,
and for the survey thereof; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
JEFFERSON DAVIS AND OTHERS.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution, upon which
I desire action at this time :
Resolved. That the President of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, to communicate to this House any report or
reports made by the Judge Advocate General,or any
other ofiiccr of the Government, as to the grounds,
facts, and accusations upon which .Tefierson Davis.
Clement C. Cfay, Stephen R. Mallory, and David L.
Yulce, 01 eithei of them, are held in confinement.
Mr. JOHNSON". I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Comujxc] that
this resolution should be addressed to the Pres-
ident, asking for the reasons why he, as the
head of this Government, keeps these persons
in confinement, and not ask the reasons of the
Judcje Advocate General.
Mr. CONKLING. That i? a separate subject
of inquiry not embraced in my resolution. This
simply calls for the reports on file.
Mr. KASSON. 'Is the gentleman willing to
add. "and all other information," so that the
President may not be confined exclusively to
reports?
Mr. C0XKL1NG. I will agree to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must object to the intro-
duction of the resolution at this time.
LAND TITLES.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the issue of patents
for lands in certain cases ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to bo printed.
LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McRUER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill confirming the title to certain
lands in California, and provide for the survey
of the same; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
E. W. EDDY, PAYMASTER UNITED STATES NAVY.
Mr. McRUER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of the estate
of E. \V. Eddy, late paymaster United States
Navy; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
PILOTS AND PILOT REGULATIONS.
Mr. McRUER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill relating to pilots and pilot
regulations ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN OREGON.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill providing for the payment of
expenses incurred in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities in the Territory of Oregon in 1854 ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
l'OST OFFICE, NEW YORK CITY.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission to purchase a site and
erect a building for the post olliee in the city
of Now York ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MILLER. I a--k unanimous consentto
submit the following resolution, upon which 1
ask action at this time :
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House thattlie
volunteers who entered the Army of the United States
in the year ISiil, and faithfully seivcd therein, should
be paid a bounty equal to the highest sum given by any
act of Congress to thuse who subsequently enlisted.
Mr. TIIAYER. 1 object. I do not think
there is a quorum present.
Mr. CONK UNO. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
calling of committees for reports.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ooxkuvg] will withdraw the
call for the regular order till we can present
bills for reference. There is a slim House this
morning, and we might a? well spend the time
in the presentation of bills.
Mr. CONKLING. Veil. J withdraw the call.
Mr. McKEE. I renew the call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the colling of committees lbr reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on Indian Affairs.,
GEORGE C. JOHNSON AND OTHERS.
Mr. Y'INDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back, with a recommen-
dation that it do not pass, House bill lor the
relief of George C. Johnson, and Ewing &
Clymen; which was laid on the table.
PENSIONS FOR HUNDRED DAYS7 SERVICE.
Mr. SC1IENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to move that
that committee be discharged from the further
consideration of joint resolution to grant pen-
sions to relatives of soldiers who enlisted for !
one hundred days and died in the service, and
to move its reference to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
The calling of committees for reports was
continued, and no further reports were pre-
sented.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the calling of States for resolutions, com-
mencing with the State of Indiana, under which,
call bills may bo introduced on leave.
PART OWNERS OF FORFEITED PROPERTY.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill for the relief,
of loyal .ahd innocent part owners of personal
property forfeited on account of the criminal
acts of other part owners of it; which was read,;
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. VOORHEES offered the following res- "
olutions, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That tho message of the President of the
United States, delivered at the opening of the present
Congress, is regarded by this body as an able, judi-
cious, and patriotic state paper.
Resolved, That tb e principles therein advocated for
the restoration of the Union are the safest and most'
practicable that can now be applied to our disordered
domestic affairs.
Iiesolved, That no State or number of States! con-"
federated together can in any manner sunder their
connection with tho Federal Union, except by a total
subversion of our present system of governmentrand
that the President in enunciating this doctrine in his"
late message has but given expression to the senti-
ments of all those who deny the right or power of a
State to secede.
Resolveel, That the President is entitled to the:
thanks of Congress and the country for his faithful,
wise, and successful efforts to restore civil govern-
ment, law, and order to those States whose citizens
were lately in insurrection against tho Federal
authority; and we hereby pledge ourselves to aid,
assist, and uphold him in the policy which he has
adopted to give harmony, peace, and union to the
country.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he had better-not insist upon having the
House act upon these resolutions now. There
arc so few members here that I suppose that
we should not bo able to act to-day on any-
thing if it comes to a test. The gentleman can
allow the resolutions to be referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. VOORHEES. T will state to the gen-
tleman that my only fear in pressing the matter
is that we may develop the fact that there is not
a quorum present; and I do not desire to inter-
fere with any business which the House may
desire to transact.
Mr. STEVENS. That is what I fear myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has counted
the members present, and there are- only about
eighty—less than a quorum. There may pos-
sibly be other members in the outer rooms.
There might perhaps be a quorum, if all the
members in the Capitol were in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. There may be some other
members in different parts of the Capitol; but
if the gentleman calls for the yeas and nays, we
will find ourselves without a quorum. Let the
gentleman postpone its consideration until after
the holidays.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will do so. I do not
want to interfere with the business of the House,
and on the statement that there is no quorum
present I will let it go over until after the holi-
days. I would of course like to have an expres-
sion on it now.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House:
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have not yielded the
floor. I move that the further consideration of
the resolutions be postponed until the 9th of
January next.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. VOORHEES moved to reconsider tho
vote by which tho resolutions were postponed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the mble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
so that we may call committees for reports.
There may be bills which perhaps ought to be
printed and put upon our tables when we meet
after the holidays.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw thetnotioii
