3100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
merit of Thames river, Connecticut, $8,000."
X move to increase the appropriation $2,000,
making it $10,000. That is in harmony with
the evidence before the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I desire to move an amend-
ment in line one hundred and nineteen of the
first section, on page 0, in the clause making
an appropriation for the improvement of Ash-
tabula harbor. Since the surveys were made,
that harbor has become much more important
than it was before. There is a railroad ex-
tending from the harbor down into the coal
and oil region some forty or forty-five miles,
and it is nearly ready now to commence busi-
ness. That railroad will make this one of the
most important harbors on the lakes. Ashta-
bula harbor is at the mouth of Ashtabula creek ;
the railroad comes in there ; and on account
of the immense quantities of coal, oil, and
everything else that will be likely to meet there,
this harbor is more important than it ever was
before. The appropriation here is a very small
one considering the importance of the work.
I will therefore move that there he $10,000
added to it, so as to make it ยง34,708 82 in-
stead of 8-4,708 82.
Mr. CllANDLKR. The two committees
adopted this rule in joint meeting, that they
would include no appropriation in this bill
winch was not recommended by the Depart-
ment. If we step outside that rule and in-
crease the appropriation in one Case, we shall
be compelled to increase it in a hundred oth-
ers. The bill is as near perfect as we could
get it, and I hope no additional appropriation
will be placed upon the bill. It will endanger
the whole, t hope the Senator will withdraw
his amendment.
.Mr. WADE. 1 know it is important that n
larger sum should be expended at this point,
but. il lias not the sanction of the engineers :
and as it would be an invasion upon the char-
acter of the bill, the committee haling fol-
lowed the recommendations of the engineers
all around, notuithstanding my wish that, this
increase should lie made, 1 will withdraw the
amendment, as it might embarrass the bill
and lead to other amendments.
The PHKKIDHN'lVo tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It. was rend the third time and passed.
MUSSAliU FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by .Mr. McPiikkma', its Clerk, announced
thai [he House of Representatives had passed
n resolution for the appointment ol'a commit-
tee to coopeiate with such committee as inay
be appointed on the part of the Senate, if one
should be appointed, to consider and report
on the propriety of an address before the Con-
gress of the United States commemorative of
the life, character, and services of the late
Brevet. I.ieulenant General Winlield Scott.
enrolled bills siune11.
The message also announced that, the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.-
A bill (II. R. No. 021) to regulate and se-
cure the safe-keeping of public money in-
trusted to disbursing officers of the United
States ; and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. <i0) making
an appropriation to enable t.he President to
negotiate treaties with certain Indian tribes.
order ok ih'sixess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Imove that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
_Mr. POJIEROY. I should like to proceed
with the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to take up the
appropriation bill to-day. I gave notice yes
terday that I should do so.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTION LAW.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the leave of the
Senator from Maine, I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 477. It was the special
order for to-day at one o'clock. I believe it
will occupy no time whatever, and it ought to
be passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iyieldto that bill with
the understanding that it will not occupy time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreedto; and the Sen-
ate resumed the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 477) further to provide for the safety
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, to reg-
ulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and
for other purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only say that, t.he
objection made by the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] yesterday, and which has
been stated in a pamphlet laid upon Senators'
tables, is met by the amendments to the bill,
so that the parties who complained are entirely
satisfied with it.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC , .U'l'IlOPIUAU'IOX HILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. li. No. 213)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judieialexpenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of .lune, 1867.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read, and the amendments reported by
the Committee on Finance will be taken up in
their order, as the reading of the bill is pro-
ceeded with, unless objected to, as that course
will save time.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
'The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was m line fitly-one, under the head
of "contingent, expenses of the Senate," to
strike out the word "three"1 and insert "five,"
so as to make the appropriation for newspa-
pers i^o.OOO instead of $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the following clause among the
"contingent expenses of the Senate'' in the
seventy-sixth line:
For Capitol police, $19,170.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to propose an
amendment to that clause, and I may as well
offer it. as we go along. It, is rendered neces-
sary by having more Capitol police than we
had at the time the bill was drawn. I move to
btrike out " $10,170'' and to insert" $21,-180,"
and then to add the following proviso:
I'ntviiM. That. S'wO of the appropriation for the
Onpitol police may bo used during the present fiscal
year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued to line
one hundred and nine.
Mr. FI3SSENREN. f wish to make an
amendment 011 the fifth page, corresponding
to the one made for the Senate. In line one
hundred and nine I move to strike out,
"$]!),170" and insert "$21,480: provided
that $330 of the appropriation for the Capitol
police may be used during the present fiscal
year." This comes in undcrthcheadof "con-
tingent expenses of the House of Representa-
tives."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That makes it neces-
sary to change the amount of the gross ap-
propriation for the IIousc salaries on page
6, line one hundred and twenty-eight, from
"$110,838" to " $113,140."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the appropriations for compensa-
tion of the Superintendent of Public Printing
and the clerks and messengers in his office, lines
one hundred and sixty-one, one hundred and
sixty-two, and one hundred and sixty-three.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to make an
amendment there. By another bill there has
been a clerk added to that office, and it is ne-
cessary to increase the amount. I move 011
page 8, line one hundred and sixty-two, after
the word "office," to strike out "nine" and
insert "eleven," and in line one hundred and
sixty-three to strike out "seven" and insert
"five;" so that the clause will read:
For compensation of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, and the clerks and messengers in his
office, $11,514.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the appropriations for the Library
of Congress. The Committee on Finance pro-
posed, in line one hundred and eighty-four, to
strike out "three" and insert "five;" in line
one hundrod and eighty-five to strike out "ten"
and insert "twelve;" and in iine one hundred
and eighty-six to strike out " eight" and insert
"six:" so as to make the clause read:
For compensation of Librarian, five assistant libra-
rians, messenger, and laborers, $-12,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line two hundred and thirteen,
after "judgments," to strike out "which may
be;" and in line two hundred and sixteen to
strike out " three " and insert " five " before
" hundred thousand so as to make the clause
road:
For payment of judgments rendered by the court,
in favor of claimants, in addition to the unexpended
Inilance of the appropriation for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1865, 6500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to offer an
amendment to come in by way of proviso at
the end of line two hundred and seventeen:
Provided, Ttlnt judgments already rendered may
be paid out of this appropriation at any timo after
the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the rending of the
bill to the items for the Department of State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the increase of twenty per ccnt. to laborers,
which is provided for by the seventh section
of the bill, and it will have to be struck out. in
different places of the bill. There is a section
that covers the whole, reported by the com-
mittee as an amendment.
The PRESIDENT tempore. It is moved
in lines two hundred and thirty-five ancl two
hundred and thirty-six to strike out:
For increase of twenty per cent, for seven laborers,
$810.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was to insert after line two
hundred and forty-one these words :
Fov publishing the laws of the Thirty-Seventh and
Thirty-Eighth Congresses in two newspapers in caeh
of the lately insurgent States, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading down
to the appropriations for the Northeast Execu-
tive Building.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Thatshouldbeamended
for the same reason as I just now stated. In
line two hundred and fifty-eight, "four" should
be stricken out and "three" inserted ; "three"
tit the end of the line should be "six," and the
words "and twenty," in line two hundred and
fifty-nine, should be stricken out; so that the
clause will read:
For compensation of four watchmen and two la-
borers of the Northeast Executive Building, S3,600.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
changes will be made in order to make the
bill correspond with previous amendments of
the Senate.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the appropriations for the salaries
of the Secretary of the Treasury, assistants,
clerks, etc.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An amendment should
be made there, in line two hundred and sixty-
eight, to strike out "nine" and insert "two,"
and strike out "and twenty," so as to make
the amount $118,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
