1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
serted that at the time of the passage of the
enabling act they allowed negroes to vote;
that after it had passed Congress and before
it was signed--!))' the President^ they repealed
that law and passed a law which prohibited
the negroes from voting, and that they had
.thereby (if there is anything in the argument)
deceived Congress, and that Congress would
not have acted as it did if there had been a
law on the statute-book of Colorado prohibit-
ing negroes from voting. I asked him what
Congress' had done at the same time in the
ease of Nevada, and he tells me that that is
irrelevant. I say that what Congress did in
the same breath, at the same time, and under
the same circumstances, is some evidence of
their intention at that time. Nevada, in 1861,
had inserted the word '' white'' in fixing the
qualification of voters. That law was upon
her statute-book; the world knew it; and
what did Congress do ? On the 21st of March,
1864, the same day on which the Colorado bill
was passed, Congress passed an act to enable
Nevada to form a State government, and in the
third section of that act provided us follows :
"That all persons qualified by law to vote for rep-
resentatives to the General Assembly of said Teni-
tory at the date of the passage of this act shall be
qualified to be elected, and they are authorized," &e.
Expressly confining it to persons who were
qualified by the laws of Nevada to vote for
members of the General Assembly. The laws
of Nevada at that time expressly excluded
negroes from voting, and therefore the organic
act expressly prohibited the people of N evada
from taking the negroes into account in the
organization of a State government, and gave
the power to form the State government to a
particular class. Congress did this on the same
day that the enabling act for Colorado was
passed; and now the Senator from Massachu-
setts would have us believe that Congress would
not have passed the enabling act for Colorado
if she had had such a law upon her statute-
book.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not said that. It
was not in my argument.
Mr. STEWART. Then there is nothing in
the argument to the effect that Congress was
deceived. There is nothing in the argument
that Colorado changed her law. There is
nothing in the argument that there was any
bad faith on the part of Colorado in changing
her law that influenced Congress, because Con-
gress on the same day in acting on a like sub-
ject expressly confined the organization of a
State government to the whites; selected as
those who should be voters in forming the State
government those who had been selected by
the territorial law, and those were whites, and
whites alone. Then I say that Congress, in
March, 1804, were willing, at the time they
extended this invitation to Colorado, that a
government should be formed by the whites
alone and that the negroes should be excluded;
and they expressed that willingness in the case
of Nevada if they did not in that of Colorado.
Whether the laws as they existed in Colorado
excluded them or not, they were practically
excluded there, and Congress was willing that
the new State should be formed exclusively on
the white basis for suffrage, becausc on the same
day it provided that another State government
should be organized and that only whites should
vote. The people of Nevada, supposing that
it was not incompatible with the wishes of
Congress to put in their constitution the same
provision that they had in their laws, their laws
having been by the enabling act approved and
adopted as a guide for the formation of a
State government, when they formed their con-
stitution put in the word "white" the same
as Colorado has done. The people of Colorado
had no reason to believe that Congress would
object in consequence of any action that bad
previously been taken by them.
Now, a question is raised whether this con-
stitution is republican in form or not. There
is much difference of opinion as to what con-
stitutes a government republican in form.
Every man has his own ideas on that subject.
I think that is hardly a question that can be
raised here. The question with us is whether
it comes up to the theory and practice of our
Government, and whether it corresponds with
the invitation by Congress. If it does, and
they have acted in good faith thus far, let us
receive them, and let us go forward and an-
nounce hereafter the principles that enter into
a republican form of government. We cannot
expect these people in organizing their govern-
ment to do more than we invite them to do.
If Congress had prescribed the rule of suffrage
for Nevada, or Colorado, or any of these Ter-
ritories, or intimated by any letter or line in the
enabling act that they .desired the suffrage to
bo extended to the negroes, and that that was a
condition that would be required of them, and
they had formed a constitution prohibiting the
negroes from that right, then there would be
just cause for excluding them.
Now, it is stated that Colorado is decreasing
in population. Having been in Colorado last
year, and knowing something of their peculiar
situation, I will state again, uslhave once stated,
the reasons for this apparent falling oft'. In the
first place, when the war broke out Colorado
became more or less isolated from communi-
cation with the rest of the country ; her mail
facilities were cut off; there were hostile Indians
on the plains; and she sent four thousand of
her adopted sons to the war. This of course
impaired her prosperity, and injured her prog-
ress to some extent, probably more so than any
other Territory situat ed upon the western slope.
She was dependent upon the East for commu-
nication and for supplies. Itis along distance
from the Missouri river to the Rocky mount-
ains, a distance of about five hundred miles,
through a hostile Indian country ; and during
the war it was impossible for Colorado to pro-
gress as her natural resources and condition
will warrant for the future. Then, they bad
grasshoppers there, which were a great incon-
venience. They come into that country, I am
told, once in ten, fifteen, or twenty years, and
they remain one or two years; and 1 believe
other parts of the country are visited by them
also. They cut off the crops last year. They
have never been known to exist more than two
years at a time before they disappear. Every
part of the country is subject to accidents which
destroy the crops. The ground sometimes bo-
comes too wet, and they have had that incon
vcnience in Colorado.
But when Senators speak of its want of agri-
cultural resources, they are very much mis-
taken. Colorado is a State of vast agricultural
resources. I recollect the time very well when
California was pronounced to be a country unfit
for anything but mining, when it was said that
it had no agricultural resources ; now it is uni-
versally admitted to 1)0 equal, if not superior,
to any State in the Union in an agricultural
point of view alone. Its amount of rich agri-
cultural lands is equal to any State in the Union.
When I first went to Nevada it was supposed
that there were not three hundred acres of agri-
cultural land there; now there is an active,
large population cultivating the lands there, and
doing it profitably. I was told that none of the
country, or comparatively very little of it, could
be cultivated, but every year proves that it is a
much better country for agricultural pursuits
than was at first supposed. The first tiling that
a person visiting the western country, and pass-
ing through Colorado, will be struck with, is
the vast amount of fine agricultural laud there.
1 do not believe it is true, as stated by the sur-
veyor general, that crops cannot be raised in
that country without irrigation. Certainly some
kinds of crops will need irrigation ; but there
are a great many crops that can be raised with-
out it, wh en th ey understand the seasons belter,
and understand the country better. Itis aState
that is going to be not much inferior to many
of the western States in agricultural resources.
As to its mineral resources they are certainly
remarkable. It bears the marks of a perma-
nent mineral country. The veins are proper
fissure veins, well defined, such as have been
worked in other countries for thousands of
years. It is a remarkably well constructed
country, geologically, for mining. The veins
have all the regular formations that geol-
ogists say indicate permanence. Heretoforo
they have had some drawbacks in mining.
They were cut off fi^m communication with
the. Atlantic States; they could not get machin-
ery there, aud, of course, that impeded the
progress of mining, and that is held up as a
reason why these people should not be admit-
ted as a State. Last year, when I was there, -
there were a vast number of new mills being
erected, and there was machinery along the
road, notwithstanding hostile Indians were
scattered all the way from Atchison to Denver.
The country really appeared to be pushing for-
ward, notwithstanding the difficulties, notwith-
standing supplies had been cut off, with re-
markable energy, and with very tine prospects.
Now that the war is passed; now that this new
machinery is coming in, and one year of eropa,
I believe Colorado is to be one of the most
prosperous Territories in the whole country,
and will make a very prosperous State. It
will not be a year from now until every one
will be willing that Colorado shall come in;
but as they have come here now with a consti-
tution every way unexceptionable, as we for-
merly understood constitutions to be, every
way unexceptionable as constitutions were
understood to be at the time they formed it,
not having any in! iination from Congress that
it would not be accepted, and having been in-
vited to come here by Congress, and having
had the question of population passed upon,
it. seems to me hard for those people to bo
sent, back, to be turned away on the ground
that they have not population enough, when
there has been a standing invitation before
them to come with what population they have.
It is hard for them to be turned away be-
cause they have had a failure of crops in con-
sequence of grasshoppers. It is hard for them
to be turned away because they were delayed
in getting transportation in consequence of
Indians, for a short period. All of these em-
barrassments ha\e now been removed, and
they are on the high road to prosperity. It
seems to me it is unnecessary, after they have
gone to all this trouble of organization and have
organized a government and sent men here
entirely unexceptionable, to send them back.
1 do not see any good reason for it. Gentle-
men may complain of tliem now. but I assure
you that Colorado one day will be classed
'among the large States. There will be very
many States in ten years from now that will
be casting a smaller vote that Colorado, and
will be more unequally represented. Yes, sir,
in five years from now there will be a large
number of States that will have a larger rep-
resentation, in proportion to population, in this
body than Colorado, because she has great
resources. She is on the great line of over-
land travel. The Pacific railroad is going to-
ward your borders and will soon help her. I
think her situation is such and the circum-
stances are such that it would not be good
taith now to turn her away.
I did not intend to make any remarks on
this subject, but I deemed it due to say thus
much, and I hope Colorado will bo admitted.
Mr. GUTHRIE. When this matter was
under discussion before I made up mv mind
that Colorado* ought not to be admitted as a
State ; that she had not the population nor
the ability to sustain a State government; that
she could not demand, from the amount of
her population, to 1)0 placed on an equal foot-
ing with the other States. She has not popu-
lation enough to entitle her to a Representa-
tive in the other House. If she should he
admitted, she would be entitled to two Sena-
tors here, which would be greatly in dispro-
portion, and overbalancing with another small
State the popular majority of the large States
in this body. I thought it was not best for
Colorado that she should come in and under-
take the burdens of a State government at this
time. 1 still think so after listening to all
that I have heard. I have no doubt that she
