1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
wept and rejoiced with us. This victory is
not simply American, it now belongs to man-
kind, and its blessed results shall be a legacy
to the race.
The fathers planted the principles of a free
Government here two and a half centuries ago.
Tbev planted, as I said, upon a virgin soil in
this western hemisphere, where their eyes lin-
gered in golden sunsets and the day faded in
hope! They founded Government upon some
new and quite original principles, and in the
elements of its structure is found the true idea
of the "republican form" for which the Gen-
eral Government went surety and became the
"guarantor" for each State to the whole Uni-
ted States.
I am thankful they did not attempt to patch
up the old Confederation into a Union for a na-
tional Government. That had independeneics,
but no unity and power as a Government. And,
too, they did not attempt to reconstruct upon
the ruins of a decayed dynasty, or to sandwich
in between despots and serfs. No, sir, it was
equality of rights and duties among the people,
the whole people, man as man, that lay at their
foundation. That was good seed sown upon
good ground. It had the rain and the sunshine,
the night and the day, the pure light of heaven,
and the free breath of mountain air, coming
down from some of its loftiest summits, near
to where God dwells, and the pure snows are
eternal.
Slavery had a milder climate and a better soil.
Indeed, in some respects it had superior advan-
tages to freedom. It had a central position in
the country, and soon secured power and influ-
ence in the Government. Freedom took a high
northern latitude, contended with a hard soil,
long, consuming winters, "barren rocks and hills;
but labored on in the midst of difficulties and
triumphing overall obstacles, quarried its gran-
ite into gold, and skimming its frozen waters,
sold the products in southern markets.
The early settlements were made amid the
old forests of centuries which towered in
magnificence, and the wilderness before them
was as broad and dangerous as ihe ocean
that murmured behind them. It took a cen-
tury for these pioneers to ascend the Alle-
ghanies, and another to awaken to civilization
and to li fe the sleeping valleys of the Ohio and
the Mississippi. But this third century has
opened half the continent, placed the pioneer
in the midst of the Koeky mountains, and
given us the golden States of the Paciiic. Thus
these two institutions, freedom and slavery,
undertook the work of possessing and subdu-
ing the continent; and "by their fruits ye
have known them." Freedom, taking the
path of empire westward, with her loyalty un-
tarnished, and with her literature and her re-
ligion lias given a distinctive character to her
progress across the continent, planting all the
way monuments of its civilization upon the
banks of every stream, beside the lakes of the
great Northwest, in the valleys of the Missis-
sippi and the Missouri, and amid the everlast-
ing mountains which are piled beyond them,
and over them even to the shores of the peace-
ful Paciiic; everywhere has this basis of her
strength been laid in that Christian civiliza-
tion which recognized the equality and rights
of all men.
Slavery, on the other hand, "dragged its
slow length along," degrading labor, dethron-
ing manhood, prostituting womanhood, im-
poverishing the earth, and polluting the air;
so that it has borne mingled wails of agony
and tears of anguish. And this picture deep-
ened often by the very drapery of despair.
This institution has, from the beginning, been
the chief disturbing element in our social and
political system. Especially during the last
twenty-five years it has put on power and as-
sumed everything, and introduced to our pol-
itics the most infamous and dangerous dogmas
ever taught in any political ciicles. It resisted
the Confederation in 1707, and opposed the
adoption of the Federal Con-titution in 17DS. |
and, what was worse, ever afterward perverted i
its meaning. Georgia and South Carolina re-
fused to come into the Union until there had
been secured three compromises for slavery:
1. The throe fifths representation in Con-
gress.
2. The slave trade until 1808.
3. The rendition of fugitive slaves from the
other States.
Slavery began with a majority of the States
in its interests, got a recognition, I am sorry to
say, in the Constitution itself. The fathers
gave it a place there, but, thanlc God, they left
it without a name. But it grow into strength,
always a unit for itself, and finally was able to
make and control Presidents and Cabinets,
shape our legislation at home, and our diplo-
macy abroad among the nations. And the de-
mand for compromise lines, as in 1820, or their
repeal as in 1854, was never rejected. Slavery
triumphed everywhere—in elections, in Con-
gress. in the Supreme Court, in every depart-
ment of the Government, in the Navy and in
the Army, on the sea and on the land, un-
checked everywhere until it was undertaken
upon the soil of my own State ; and there only
after the struggle of three years and the dis-
grace of two Administrations was the thing
successfully mot and vanquished.
That Kansas record I regard as a forerun-
ner of the late rebellion; a pocket edition of the
same work. Mr. President I now come to the
conflict and the triumph of arms produced by
the rebellion of 1860-01.
Now, sir, let me inquire, what occasioned the
rebellion of 18G0 and 1801? For what was the
attack upon the Government and the Union
made? And who made it? Who were the ene-
mies of free government? Who had predicted
and planned our overthrow? Sir, the opposi-
tion to free government was inherent in sla-
very, could not have been avoided, and ought
to have been anticipated. It is more of a wonder
that it was delayed than that it was produced.
It had threatened the li fe of the nation for twenty
years. It could not live as one of the institu-
tions of a free Government. Its existence was
only intended to bo temporary, and was given
only a reluctant recognition in the Constitution.
Still it should be remembered that the fathers
constructed Government amid the storms of the
Revolution, and had neither history or experi-
ence to shine upon their work. They could not
tell more than other men what the years would
bring forth ; but trusted, I have no doubt, that
it would fade away and become extinct before
the light of that freedom which should rise high,
and still higher, and become perfect in a more
perfect day.
Why, I ask again, was the blew aimed at such
a Government, and the old flag of the Union
left trailing in the dust? I answer once for all.
It was slavery. In 1860 it was found that the
Government could not be further prostituted to
the extension of human slavery, and when found
indisposed for that purpose it was to bo thrown
off, and then slavery plunged us into a four
years' war, drew from us our blood and treasure
in rivers. It left half a million young men dying
upon battle-fields ; starved to death fifty thou-
sand more in the prison-houses of the South ;
and at last, as a crowning act, struck out the
life of the President and left the nation in tears
while the whole civilized world paid tributes of
mourning.
Here, then, I repeat, was the cause of the
great rebellion ; not originating in the election
or defeat of any one man, as President or Vice
President of the United States, but it was the
culminating point to which have tended the
teeming events of a half ecntury; no one of
which could have been sufficient of itself, but
combining with the antagonisms of all pre-
vious issues about slavery, made the occasion
of the first election of Mr. Lincoln the long-
threatened hour, and their own soil became
their chosen battle-field. Thank God, the day
did at last come by the first Mow being struck
in the interests of slavery. It, was to lie that
the offense must come from that quarter. The
blow at liberty must of course be struck by
slavery; and, by the same necessity, the Mow
at the heart and life of slavery, to be signifi-
cant as well as effective, must be dealt by its
own bloody hand ; and whoever writes the his-
tory of its death-struggle must begin and end
by declaring that the rebellion was the suicide
of slavery.
Freedom might, I think, have been justi-
fied in striking a blow of resistance to the ag-
gressions of slavery long, long years ago, but
did not, when territory was purchased and the
Treasury drained for its payment. It might
have said no, but did not, when Indians were
hunted with hounds, sacrificed, and removed
for the propagation of slavery,and $*200,000,000
spent in disgraceful Indian wars. Freedom
might have made resistance, which it did it not,
when Texas was seized for slavery and Mexico
was warred upon for the same purpose. Free-
dom might, have held backTboth the purse and
the sword, (it had the votes to do it,) but it did
not, when, as in 1854, the great landmarks of
freedom were obliterated by one stroke of the
pen and slavery became nationalized, and at
the same time the Supreme Court prostituted
to^ its power and to its interests. Freedom
might have echoed back that divine decree of
Omnipotence to the ocean wave, "Thus far
shalt thou comc, but no further; and here
shall thy proud waves be stayed;" but no
voice was potent enough in Congress to carry
the vote, and no arm eould hold back the
executive approval, and so the struggle was
carried to the Territories.
Now, sir, I ask, can we, standing upon such
an eminence and in the face of all the nations,
do less than complete the work given us to do?
The soldier, wearied of long marches and
hard lighting, has laid aside his musket and his
uniform.
The prisioner, wasting away in southern
prison-houses, has been restored to the home
of family and friends. The dead, laid aside
hastily in raide and unmonumented graves, are
now decently buried; and, as far as possible, the
name has been snatched from oblivion, and
hereafter to be honored as one only is who dies
for his country.
Now, the missions of mercy to our Army and
Navy in those organized charities that have
been unsurpassed are closing up their books,
and committing their records to the judgment
of mankind.
Sir, wlion the soldier was mustered out Con-
gress was mustered in, and there is thrown
upon us the work of securing and perpetuating
the victories of the battle-field. In two bills
already passed this Senate, something has been
done and gained. What is now proposed is to
make it all unrepealable by ingrafting into the
Constitution itself security for civil and politi-
cal rights in the spirit of the framers of that
instrument, and as a guarantee of republican
governments for all time to come. Why not
then make it complete and indisputable by suuh
an amendment as shall leave no chance' for
evasion, perversion, or uncertainty?
This is the golden opportunity, which comes
but once in the lifetime of individuals, or of the
country. This is the forming and molding
period, and the stamp now given to the organ-
ized form of both sentiment and law will re-
main and bear that impress, it may be, forever.
Why then temporize or compromise? Instead
of leaving anything in doubt or uncertainty, wliy
not give it perfection and completeness in one
act, and not leave even the possibility of dis-
franchisement or inequality to be again enacted
into law? The resolution of the joint commit-
tee is as follows:
representatives arid direct taxes shall ho appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to then- respective
number?, counting the whole number of P<pons m
each State, excluding Indians not. taxed: Provided,
That whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of laee or color,
all persons of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
That does allow in a certain contingency
just what now exists under the Constitution—•
every iniquity of the old slave code to be again
