1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Ill
bounty, provided by the act of July 22, 18G1.
to tho legal representatives of men who enlisted
without a bounty during that year, and who left
their commands without authority, but subse-
quently returned, and were killed in battle, or
died from wounds received while in the service;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HENRIETTA L. ELD RED.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a "bill for the relief of Henrietta L.
Eldred, widow of James E. Eldred, who was
a lieutenant of the sixty-seventh regiment of
Pennsylvania volunteers; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
order o)? business.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. KBLLBY. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the regular order of busi-
ness, that I may have the opportunity to intro-
duce a bill merely for reference.
Mr. BALDWIN. _ I move that the House
now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I appeal to my colleague
[Mr. Spalding] to withdraw his motion to ad-
journ, as it will inevitably break up the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to break up the
House.
" Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] withdraw his motion to
adjourn with this understanding, that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Finok] shall take the
floor, and that no other business shall be done,
and no other person heard?
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays upon the motion of Mr. Spalding to ad-
journ.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Tho question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Baldwin, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STEVENS. It is understood that no
business is to be done, and no other speaking
but by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Finck.]
Several Members. Oh yes!
Mr. SPALDING moved a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Baldwin was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boutwell in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, upon which Mr. Finok was entitled to the
floor.
reconstruction.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Chairman, when the Thirty -
Eighth Congress adjourned, large armies were
in tho field resisting the authority and jurisdic-
tion of the United States. We were then in
the midst of the most terrible civil war that has
ever afflicted any people. Sir, I congratulate
you, and I congratulate the country, on the fact
that this war has terminated successfully to the
arms of the Federal Government, and that to-
day there is not a single arm raised to resist the
authority of the United States, within tho limits
of the Republic. Peace once more blesses the
American people. But, sir, allow me to inquire
why it is that the States which have not been
represented here for the last four years, still con-
tinue unrepresented on this floor ? Is it possible
that, having failed successfully to resist the ju-
risdiction of the United States, and break up
tho Union, that they now stubbornly refuse to
send representatives to the national Legislature,
and to return to their duties and obligations to
the Federal Government? No, sir ; such is not
the case. The people of these States, having
failed in the mad schemes organized by their
leaders, have wisely and really abandoned all
further resistance, and have, with a unanimity
and frankness worthy of the highest commen-
dation, determined to yield a cheerful obedience
to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and to discharge their duties and obli-
gations as loyal citizens. Why, then, sir, are
they not represented on this floor?
Sir, during the continuance of the late terrible
struggle, I looked forward with the most hopeful
expectations to the period when the war should
cease by the complete vindication of the national
authority, and all the States be represented
once more in this Hall. We have, by the bless-
ing of Heaven, lived to see the termination of
the war, but wo meet in a time of profound
peace, and find that eleven of the States of this
Union have no Representatives on this floor.
Sir, allow me again to inquire why this is so?
Mr. Chairman, it is because there exists
within this Union a body of men who are to-
day, as they have always been, opposed to the
Union, unless they can mold and shape its
policy to suit their peculiar views. Can it be
possible, sir, that after a straggle of four years,
after the sacrifice of half a million of brave and
heroic men, and the expenditure of four thou-
sand millions of treasure, after the war has been
brought to successful termination, and the flag
of the Union, and none other, floats from the
capitol of every State, still nearly one third of
the States are to be deprived of representation
in the national councils?
Sir, I protest against this attempt to subvert
the true principles of this Government, and
thus seek to separate States from it which be-
long to it, and to preserve which, a four years'
war has been waged. What was the avowed
and proclaimed object of the war? For what
did our brave and gallant men fight and die?
It was, sir, to preserve this glorious Union, to
maintain and vindicate the jurisdiction of the
United States. This was distinctly and plainly
announced in the resolution passed, by almost
entire unanimity at the extra session of Con-
gress in 1801, in these patriotic words:
"That iu this national emergency, Congress will
forget all footings of mere passion or resentment, and
will recollect only its duty Io the country: that tho
war is not waged on our part in any spirit, of oppres-
sion, nor in any spirit of conquest or subjugation, nor
for the purpose of overthrowing or interfering with
the rights or established institutions ol those States,
but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and preserve the Union with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States unimpaired;
and as soon as these objects arc attained tlie war ought
to cease."
The great issue submitted to the settlement
of the sword was that, nf the Union. The in-
surgents sought to break it up, and the United
States sought to preserve and maintain it. Our
arms triumphed, and our purpose was accom-
plished, namely, the preservation of the Union.
The States which passed ordinances of seces-
sion, and attempted to withdraw from the CJnion,
have failed in their purposes. They have never
been out of the Union, but have always con-
tinued to be, and are to-day, States within the
Union.
This doctrine I understand the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
controverts; and in his speech delivered on last
Monday, takes the same ground which he an-
nounced in his speech, delivered in this House
two years ago, namely, that the insurgent States,
by their acts of secession and organized rebel-
lion, became a separate government; Hint,they
were outside of the Union; and their armies hav-
ing been defeated and conquered, we now hold
these States as conquered territories, and that
this Government has the right, by the law of
nations, to treat the people of these States as a
subjugated people; and that before they can
resume their former relations with the General
Government, these States must bo readmitted
into the Union as new States.
Sir, the distinguished gentleman by his argu-
ment has admitted that secession was an ac-
complished fact, and has added another exam-
ple to the common saying, that extremes meet;
for his views on this point coincide with those
of the most rabid secessionists,
The gentleman has recognized by his argu-
ment,, that most dangerous of political heresies^
the right of secession, which is at war with- the
safety and perpetuity of the union of these States.
I deny, sir, that these States, or either of them,
were ever out of the Union. The Union has
never been, and I most earnestly trust never
will be, dissolved. The ordinances of seces-
sion were invalid and unconstitutional, and'rio
force which \|as brought by those in rebellion
to sustain these acts could give them legality.
The gentleman has quoted from 'writers on (he
law of nations, to show that a war between
two nations annuls and abrogates the treaties
which had existed between the belligerents.
Sir, these States were not held together by the
force of treaties, but by a Constitution adopted,
and assented to, by each of them, and by their
people through their conventions.
It is however true, that when a- civil war
breaks out between different members of the
same Government, the contending parties are
each entitled while the war continues to the
rights and usages of war, as against each other.
This, sir, is a rule of necessity, and is dictated by
tho soundest principles of humanity and Chris-
tian civilization. The doctrine is thus laid down
by Mr. Wheaton in his learned work on Inter-
national Law, page 520:
"A civil war between different members of the same
society, is what Grotius calls a mixed war: i t is accord-
ing to him public on the side of tho established Gov-
ernment, and private on the part of the people resist-
in? its authority. But the general usage of nations
regards such a war as entitling both the contending
parties to all the rights of war as against each other,
and even as respocts neutral nations."
But I deny that there is anything in this
sound and necessary principle of public law
which implies in a case like ours, that the late
insurgent States were outside of the Union, or
constituted a distinct or foreign nation. In all
our cartels for the exchange of prisoners, we
were governed by the principles laid down in
Wheaton.
But tho gentleman would have us to believe
that, it was just as absurd to say that the States
could not go out of the Union, bccause the
Constitution forbids it, as it would be to say,
in a case of deliberate murder, that no murder
was committed, because the law forbids that
crime.
Sir, I most respectfully submit that the eases
are not at all similar ; and the illustration does
not in tho least aid the gentleman's argument.
In the case of murder which he puts, the crime
was actually committed, and the murder had
taken place. If it had been a mere assault
with intent to commit murder, and the person
assaulted was not killed, it would not have con-
stituted the crimc of murder. So in relation
to these States. It was on their part an at-
tempt to withdraw from the Union, which was
resisted and prevented; and the act of seces-
sion was not, and could not, be consummated,
except by the success of the rebellion, but that
having been defeated, the secession of these
States was thus preventod from becoming a
consummated act.
But when the gentleman further argues that
we have conquered tho people of the late in-
surgent States, and have the right by the law of
nations to impose upon them such conditions as
may be imposed by the conqueror on a subju-
gated people, lie forgets the real character of
the late struggle. It was not a war with a for-
eign nation. It was a struggle to preserve the
just power and jurisdiction of the United States,
and maintain the Union. Our jurisdiction had
been ousted over a portion of the Republic by
an armed and organized force; and we exerted
force to remove this resistance, and reassert
our rightful jurisdiction, which had thus been
invaded. We have successfully overcome that
resistance, and can now enforce the laws of the
United States in every portion of the Union.
We have not by the war gained a particle more
jurisdiction or power than we enjoyed and ex-
ercised before the war commenced. We have
merely vindicated the right to exercise that
jurisdiction and authority which we asserted
before secession was attempted. It is not at
all similar to a war with a foreign Power, in
