4062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
Mr. WEIGHT demanded tie yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. McRUER, moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS 0 I0WA.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) providing for
the appointment of a commission to examine
and report upon certain claims of the State of
Iowa; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PRICE. I desire that this bill may be
acted upon at the present time, and I call the
previous question.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, provides that the President of the Uni-
ted States be authorized and required to ap-
point three commissioners, whose duty it shall
be to examine and report on or before the 1st
day of December next upon the claim of the
State of Iowa for forage, transportation, sub-
sistence; and clothing furnished by that State
to certain volunteers of the State, who, under
the command of Colonels Morledge and Ed-
wards, and at the request of certain officers
commanding troops of the United States in the
State of Missouri, marched into the State of
Missouri to cooperate with the troops of the
United States in that State in suppressing the
rebellion; also the claim of the State of Iowa
for repayment of certain moneys paid by the
State in raising, arming, equipping, paying, and
subsisting certain troops of the State maintained
by the State on the southern and northwestern
borders hereof during the late rebellion, for the
purpose of defending the State against attacks by
bushwhackers and Indians; and also the claim
of that State for compensation for certain for-
age procured and barracks built by the State on
the northwestern border thereof and turned
over by the State to and used by the United
S
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would like
to offer an amendment to this bill.
Mr. KASSON. I trust that will not be done.
There is no land and no money in the bill; it
is a simple proposition to state an account.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
enlarge the scope of the inquiry of this com-
mission. I wish to amend by providing that
the commission shall also inquire into the
claim of the State of Ohio for forage.
Mr. KASSON. That should be put in a
separate bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
BRITISH SHIP MAGICIEXNE—AGAIN.
_ Mr. "BANKS. I-understand that the objec-
tion to the passage of the bill forlhe payment
of the award in the case of the Magicienne is
withdrawn; and I move that, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill, that it may
be put upon its passage now.
There being no objection, the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (S. No. 297) entitled "An actforthe relief
of the owners of the British vessel Magicienne."
Mr. BANKS. This award, made under an
agreement between the President of the United
States and the Queen of England, is to pay for
a vessel wrongfully seized by the Government
of the United States in 1863. Wc cannot es-
cape the payment of the award, because it is
made in pursuance of our own agreement. I
trust the bill may be passed. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STROUSE. I ask_ unanimous consent
to present for consideration at the present
time a bill which I am instructed to report
from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I insist on the
regular order.
JAMES POOL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 311) entitled "An act for
the relief of James Poolwhich was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that the Secretary of the Interior be author-
ized and directed to pfty to James Pool the
sum of SI,287 10, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; $487 50
of the amount to be paid out of any annuities
or moneys payable to the'Senecas and Shaw-
nee Indians, if there be any, and if none, then
the whole sum to be paid out of the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. ROSS. I make the point of order that
this bill, containing an appropriation, must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask my friend from Illi-
nois to withdraw his objection to this bill. I
investigated this claim during the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, and it is ceitainly correct.
Mr. ROSS. I insist on my objection.
COMSTOCK LODE, NEVADA.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the bill (S. No. 352) entitled an act granting to
A. Sutro the right of way, and granting other
privileges, to aid in the construction of a drain-
ing and exploring tunnel to the Comstock lode,
in the State of Nevada; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, a
bill similar to this was introduced in this House
about four weeks ago and referred to the Coin-
mil lee on Mines and Mining, who have unani-
mously agreed to report in favor of it. As the
measure involves to some extent the question
of the right of way over public lands, I some
time ago called the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands to the bill,
and asked him to consider it that he might
decide whether the public interests required its
reference to his committee. I am not author-
ized to state positively, but I understand that
he does not consider it necessary that the bill
should be so referred.
It has become absolutely necessary for the
development of the great Comstock lode that
there should be a deep draining tunnel, which
will be about four miles long, and the con-
struction of which will require a large amount
of capital. The bill is designed, not to grant
any greater rights than exist under the present
law, but to give to the parties investing their
money in this undertaking a greater assurance
that their rights will be secure.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say that a bill similar to this, having been re-
ferred to the Committee on Mines and Mining,
has been examined by each member of that
committee. By the chairman it was referred
to me. I have given it a thorough examina-
tion; I have ascertained all the facts connected
with it; and I am satisfied that the construc-
tion of this tunnel is one of the greatest enter-
prises ever undertaken on the American con-
tinent. As the completion of the tunnel will
require a large expenditure of capital, it is
necessary that the enterprise shall have the
sanction of the American Congress. This
great work when constructed will be of vast
benefit, not only to the Pacific slope, but to
the country. The Committee on Mines and
Mining are thoroughly satisfied that the bill
should pass.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
in the first section that for the purpose of the
construction of a deep draining ana exploring
tunnel to and beyond the Comstock lode, so
called, in the State of Nevada, the right of way
be granted to A. Sutro, his heirs and - assigns,
to run, construct, and excavate a mining, drain-
ing, and exploring tunnel; also to sink min-
ing, working, or air shafts along the line or
course of the tunnel, and connecting with the
same at any points which may hereafter be
selected by the grantee, his heirs or assigns.
The tunnel is to be at least eight feet high and
eight feet wide, and to commence at some point
to be selected by the grantee, his heirs or assigns,
at the hills near Carson river, and within the
boundaries of Lyon county, and extending from
said initial point in a westerly direction, seven
miles, more or less, to and beyond the Com-
stock lode; and the right of way is to extend
northerly and southerly on the course of the
lode, either within the same or east or west
of the same, and also on or along any other
lode which may be discovered or developed by
the tunnel.
The second section grants to A. Sutro, his
heirs and assigns the right to purchase, at
$1 25 per acre, a sufficient amount of public
land near the mouth of the tunnel for the use
of the same, not exceeding two sections, and
such land is not to be mineral land or in the
bona fide possession of other persons who
claim under any law of Congress at the time
of the passage of this act, and all minerals
existing or which shall be discovered therein
are excepted from the grant. It is provided
that upon filing a plot of said land, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall withdraw the same
from sale, and upon payment for the same a
patent shall issue. And Sutro, his heirs and
assigns, are granted the right to purchase, at
five dollars per acre, such mineral veins and
lodes within two thousand feet on each side of
the tunnel as shall be cut, discovered, or devel-
oped by running and constructing the same,
through its entire extent, with all the dips,
spurs, and angles of such lodes, subject, how-
ever, to the provisions of this act and to such
legislation as Congress may hereafter provide.
The Comstock lode, with its dips, spurs, and
angles, is excepted from this grant ; and all
other lodes, with their dips, spurs, and angles,
located within the said two thousand feet, and
which are or may be at the passage of this act,
in the actual bona fide possession of other per-
sons, are also excepted from the grant. The
lodes herein excepted, other than the Com-
stock lode, are to be withheld from sale by the
United States ; and if such lodes shall be aban-
doned or not worked, possessed, and held in
conformity to existing mining rules, or such
regulations as have been or may be prescribed
by the Legislature of Nevada, they shall become
subject to such right of purchase by Sutro, his
heirs or assigns.
The third section proposes to enact that all
persons, companies, or corporations, owning
claims or mines on the Comstock lode or any
other lode, drained, benefited, or developed
by the tunnel, shall hold their claims subject
to the condition—which shall be expressed in
any grant they may hereafter obtain from the
United States—that they shall contribute and
pay to the owners of the tunnel the same rate
of charges for drainage, or other benefits de-
rived from the tunnel or its branches, as have
been or may Hereafter be named in agreements
between such_ owners and the companies repre-
senting a majority of the estimated value of
the Comstock lode at the time of the passage
of this act.
The_ bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, moved to recon*
sider the vote by which the hill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
