2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
has less population now than she had even at
the time that the enabling act was passed.
There was then a great outcry about gold
there, and miners rushed there from all parts
of the country because they desired to search
new fields. They leav^jthose places as soon
as they find they are disappointed and rush to
some other jjoint. I have no doubt there is
less population there now than, there was in
the beginning; and 1 feel very sure that she
will not come as California did when she was
admitted, and when she had such a great pop-
ulation. I do not believe that the people are
able, from the production of the soil and the
mines, to retain a population there that can
support a Stale government.
I have no feelings of prejudice against Col-
orado or any of the northwestern States. They
are peopled principally by the frontiers and
from the frontiers with some adventurous spirits
from the original States. They are a hardy,
adventuresome people, but they are not attached
to the soil, and tliey never will be until the
country has become old and those born and
residing lliere have learned to like the country.
I am opposed to the admission of Colorado
for these reasons, and not for the reasons given
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. 1 should
not object to her Constitution because it had
the word "white" in it in relation to voters. 1
do not believe that black people are citizens of
the United States even though they are born
here. That may come-from my western resi-
dence and western prejudice and having been
raised in a slave Stale. I am willing to admit
that there is something thai grows up in the
feelings and habits and thinking of people who
are raised in slave States and have acquired
all their ideas from there, and that there is
something strange in the fury gentlemen get
into about equal suffrage and equality and all
that. 1 hope the very best will come from the
emancipation of the negroes—the best for them
and for the whites—but I have not the absolute
faith of those who have been missionaiies in
the cause, and started and originated it, and
have brought themselves into conspicuous
•places in this tlovernmenland before the world
as the advocates of that policy. I do not enter
into any sympathy with them oil that point, and
1 am not moved to act, upon this subject by their
reasons.
1 think we could increase the number of
votes in the Senate very legitimately by ad-
mitting those southern Senators who have been
here for almost four months knocking at our
doors and seeking admittance. I do not be-
lieve a tithe of what has been said about, the
discontent of the South. 1 believe if we had
admitted them in the first month of the ses-
sion they would have been more contented,
more harmonious, and more in union with us
than they are now; and I believe the longer
we delay it the greater will be the difficulty to
be overcome. I am not surprised that gentle-
men of the North who have been preaching in
favor of the freedom of the negroes, and have
formed characters and habits upon it, feel
rather hostile to us who have been in slave
States; but 1 think they will have to abate
somewhat of their opinion, and their estimate
ot the southern people, before we can get to-
gether again. 1 hope they will take occasion
to revise their opinions, and search their own
hearts, and.their own bosoms, to know how
much ot it is prejudice, and how much has
been partisanship. In lighting this great bat-
tle they think they have been fighting for hu-
manity and the freedom of the negro and the
groat name tliey are to make in history. If
we were to sit down and take an account of the
beneiits and advantages they have brought upon
the negro population, 1 think the balance would
lie greatly against them at this time, and they
would have to draw upon the future for the
great advantages that are to result from their
measures. I hope that profits will accrue from
them. I think it is better for the African that
he should be goierned by the people where he
lives, who know his habits, and understand all
about him. It is better for him, and 1 think
it is better for the whites, that we should set-
,tle this matter, settle this question of govern-
ment, and let them be governed at home. It
is not at all surprising that the negroes were
misled by this sound of freedom and liberty,
and supposed they were to live idly without
labor and without work, and somebody was to
support them. We know that to a great ex-
tent they did obtain those ideas. They are
now abandoning them to some extent, and
going to work. They are likely, in many places
in the South, to prove a useful and industrious
population, and add to the productions of the
soil. I hope the very best from it. I think
slavery being abolished, all sides should act in
harmony, subdue their prejudices, if they have
any, and come together united as far as we can
for the interests of the country.
I think it is far more to the advantage of this
country that we should admit the southern
States and admit their representatives than that
we should take in this new State that is not able
to support a State government, in my judgment,
and which will find it exceedingly onerous, as
many of these States have already found it to
be. I shall vote against this reconsideration
as I voted against the admission of this State
before, but not for the reasons given by the
Senator from Massachusetts. The Senator in-
timates that perhaps some have changed their
minds because they want a few more votes in
this body. I wish the Senator had changed his
mind before he led the onslaught upon the New
.Jersey Senator when they wanted but one.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, T was absent when
this subject was discussed before, and hence I
had no opportunity to cast my vote for this bill.
If I had been here, I should of course have
voted for the admission of Colorado. The per-
mission to Colorado and the State that I have
the honor in part to represent to form States
was given at the same time, and the laws by
which we were to bo admitted are the same
except, in the change of the names of the Ter-
ritories. The Senate will bear in mind that at
the time this permission was given the Gov-
ernment was casting about to see where it could
gain corresponding strength against the weak-
ness incident to the rebellion. It occurred, and
I think wisely, to the Congress of the United
States that if the process of making new States
cou Id be successfully carried out on the more dis-
tant portion ofthccontincntit would stiengthen
us in that direction and make a counterbalan-
cing power to the southern element that was (ly-
ing off. I think they acted wisely; and I think,
as a matter of sound governmental policy, that
we should have continuous States across this
continent; and 1 shall not stop to inquire frac-
tionally whether these persons who desire to
take upon themselves the burden of a State
government arc correct or not. I satisfy my-
self with the answer they have given that they
are willing to assume that responsibility. They
are the judges, and not the Senator from Ken-
tucky. or the Senator from any other State.
They know best their ability, and knowing it,
act in their good judgment as seemeth best to
them.
I have seldom differed with the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, and whenever I
do, I differ with great diffidence, for J know his
power, and I expect to feel it if I differ from
hi in ; but, sir, feeling a little of that strength at
this present moment that the stripling of Israel
did when he warred with the giant of Gath, I
venture upon the forbidden ground.
It seems to me that he hardly treated this
question with his usual fairness in the com-
mencement of his argument to-day. I knew
when he commenced that somebody was to be
slaughtered, but who or how I did not know
till I saw him plant his artillery upon the bac-k
of the distinguished Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] from the committee on the conduct, of
the war, and fire at one of the Senators-elect
from Colorado. I could hardly then see its
relevancy; and why he should take one of
the distinguished gentlemen selected from that
State to represent it in the Senate, I hardly
knew; and yet it soon came out. He was going
to attack the veracity of this little pamphlet
which I hold in my hand—a candid, truthful
statement of the condition of Colorado, giving
facts and figures, which, with all the research
of the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts, he will pardon me for saying ho has not
shaken in a single portion. Ho has not carried,
with all his artillery, an outpost, or driven in a
sentinel set by the distinguished gentlemen who
compiled this pamphlet. Against what he called
assertion he brings in what he calls fact. The
honorable .-Senator need not have gone out of
this pamphlet to find just what he read as an
overthrow of the whole thing. There it is,
within five lines of where he was reading, and
they cite the very authority that the distinguished
Senator said was melted down by a single breath
of the distinguished surveyor general of Colo-
rado. They quote the surveyor general of
Colorado.
But the difficulty lay here: my friend, who
was not reared upon agricultural plains or
mountain heights, but always breathed the
purer air of bricks and mortar in Boston and
the larger cities of Europe, had yet to learn
that there was a difference between agricul-
tural and pastoral lands. Sir, that difference
has existed ever since the old poet sang. That
difference has existed always. The difference
is this: our agricultural lands produce the
cereals, the vegetables, and the grains; the
pastoral lands produce grasses upon which
herds and flocks feed, on the mountain-side
where the plow could not be held.
The distinguished Senator seems hardly will-
ing, when he is driven from that point, to let
the population of Colorado alone, and seems
to convey the idea that as the report upon the
conduct of the war had said something about
the testimony of one of the witnesses, there-
fore the population that he represents must
necessarily be bad. In a word, he made out this
fact, taking his own assertion to prove it, that
the population, the mining interest, the agricul-
tural interest, and every interest in Colorado was
dwindling and dwarfed to such an extent that
I hardly thought it magnanimous in the giant
of this Senate to hit it another blow ; and yet,
after all, Colorado survives.
I am not going to busy myself or detain the
Senate by a detailed account of Colorado. Her
history is as patent to all this Senate and the
country as the history of Massachusetts. It
has been written in much shorter time and in
as indelible characters. In 1858 Colorado was
an unbroken, untrodden wilderness, if plains
can be called a wilderness. In 1858 the dis-
covery of gold was made, and from that time
to the present—and I challenge the gentleman
to show to the contrary—no Territory within
the boundaries of this Government lias made
more manly, more permanent, and more en-
during strides than the Territory of Colorado.
Sir, Colorado was in existence before Nevada
was born. Her hills and her mountains were
populated thickly by the intelligent, energetic,
persevering men of the East and of all climes.
In 1864, when the very atmosphere was thick
with the elements of dissolving empire, Con-
gress gave Colorado and Nevada a chance to
set their stars amid the galaxy of the older,
not brighter, stars. Colorado fell into this
mistake: she nominated her State officers to
run at the adoption of her first constitution.
That will kill any Territory. We tried it once
in the Territory where I live, and the consti-
tution was beaten, as it always will be if you
arouse the jealousies of contending political
factions. That is the reason why Colorado
was not within the letter of this enabling act.
We tried the experiment in Nevada before the
enabling act came, and we had learned a les-
son. I remember well writing a letter to Gov-
ernor Evans, who was Governor in a neighbor-
ing Territory, warning them not to fall into that
error, but they did not heed it.
Now, sir, what is the true policy of this Gov-
ernment ? These Territories arc costly incum-
brances. They make, if I may use the expres-
sion, as large drafts upon the Treasury of this
