1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
framed into law. If that is allowed in any
contingency to men smarting under the defeat
of (heil cause and loss of their slaves, still liv-
ing in open day before their own eyes, what
can we expect but that if there is a constitu-
tional allowance they will embraec it, making
the legal stains of those slaves and their pos-
terity even worse than before ? If violence and
robbery must be enacted to '' organize,'' as they
call it, ''the labor of the South," let it be done
outside the Constitution, or under the old form
and construction, and not under its amended
provisions. For, say what you will, .if that
resolution becomes part of the Constitution,
and a State chooses to relinquish a portion of
its congressional representation, it may then
tinder this regenerated Constitution not only
disfranchise the freedman but legislate him
again away from the ballot-box, the court-
room, and the school-room. This amended
Constitution will be then made the instrument
of this injustice, and nothing will be left the
black man whose loyalty through all the vicis-
situdes of our struggle was unfaltering, and
even prophetic, adorning him amidst treason,
about him as a crown of glory, but again to bo
legislated away from the rights of his manhood,
not. only, but also from the fountains of learn-
ing, literature, and religion, dooming him oueo
more and forever to the grave and hope of the
brute.
It is not suflieiont to tell me that, thev can do
it now under the Constitution as it is, for that
is the very tiling I would avoid. it, is tho change
that. 1 .mi seeking. It, is tin; change that is de-
manded, for no matter what- men may say. the
heart of the American people is not so dull as
not to pereehe that two lifths more of repre-
sentation added to the South is too great a re-
ward for treachery and treason, ft cannot be
acquiesced in uncomplainingly if sixteen more
members of Congress shall lie added to the
southern Representatives while they east actu-
ally less votes than betore. Whoever heard
betoie thin of uoonquered people making more
Out. of a contest than the conqueror? What
other people ever were so rewarded for rebel-
lion? Ami those who insist, upon no change
must delend and maintain this monstrous in-
justice. For mv pur!, 1 denounce it, and will
never be reconciled 1o such an increased rep-
resentation with no increase of voters. And
this injustice is the more apparent when we
remember that, this increase of representation
is obtained while the true, loyal black man is
allowed no \ote and no voice. What, kind of
compensation is that for nil his long years of
fidelity to our old flag? What, an answer to
his earnest prayers for his freedom and oui'tri-
tnnph ! \\ hut a reward for his faithful nursing
and kind treatment, of our Union soldiers and
prisoners! Oh, the very statement of such prop-
ositions is its own answer.
It cannot bo that rebellion is now to be re-
warded and loyalty punished. Are the enemies
of the Cnion to wield hereafter tin1 strength of
theirown numbers andtlie st length of the freed
millions beside? Then, indeed. Imvc we fought
"without success, and victories of the field are
lost to the nation by the inetlieiency of Congress
to transfer their triumphs over the enemies of
the Union into the laws of the Union, 'file
soldiers will have succeeded ; Congress will have
failed and surrendered. 1 said that when the sol-
dierwns "mustered out'' Contrre^s was mus-
tered in and the victories of the battle-field
are now to lie preserved or lost. And nothing
is made certain in reorganizing civil society
that is not secured in the fundamental law. I
was then for an amendment to the, h'ederal
Constitution, and for that form of amendment
which is most likely to produce the result 1 aim
at, namely, securing justice and equal rights to
every citizen in the land ; and I mean all the
righUenjoyed by any American citizen. There
is no justice short of this, and hence no safety,
no security.
I ho resolution introduced by the Senator
from Missouri on this side of the Chamber,
and ably sustained by him in a most convin-
cing argument, is of the two the most com-
plete, and if its force could be secured by any
statute, which we have not no w a right to pass,
might be, perhaps, unexceptionable. Here
it is:
"No Stato, in proscribing tho qualifications requi-
site for electors therein, shall discriminate) against
any person on account of color or race."
And what is the penalty if they do? Ah!
there is the weak point. If a State does make
a '' discrimination on account of race or color,''
where is your remedy?
But what is law, or constitution even, with no
penalty? Supposing that the reorganized States
should neglect or refuse to ingraft this provis-
ion in their statutes, or, in spite of it, should
make'such qualifications for the elective fran-
chise as they have always had, what remedy
have we? What remedy have the colored peo-
ple? What appeal can they make successfully
when once the States shall have been admitted
to full fellowship in the reorganized Union? We
shall only have added two lifths to their repre-
sentation in Congress, with less loyal voters
than ever before, if, indeed, there can be found
a white loyal constituency at all! With such a
result [ ask, what has been gained by the war,
and who are the gainers? Not the loyal men
of the South, for they have lost all. Not the
black man, surely, for without his rights of
manhood lie had butler remained a slave ; for
with a master the self-interest of his owner was
some security to the slave, liutto be outlawed
ami outraged and no protection in statute or
interest as property, then, 1 repeal, " the last
state of that man is worse than the first.-' It
is adding insult to the long injury of centuries
to give them the shadow of liberty without the
substance, to invite them to freedom and not
give the guarantees. Such neglect violates the
pledge ol the nation given by the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy in that immortal
pi oelamation of emancipation, in which it was
said that " this nation would maintain the free-
dom of tho slave.-' Now, then, 1 ask how can
the freedom of men be maintained under out
form of Government when there is left out un-
protected a wdiole race, it may be a majority,
without, one of tho constitutional safeguards of
personal freedom?
A nd what are the safeguards of liberty under
our form of Government? There are at least,
under our Constitution, three which are indis-
pensable—■
1. livery man should have a homestead, that,
is, the right to acquire and hold one, and the
right to bo safe and protected in that citadel of
his love. 1 f he can have no lit le to real estate, as
in these old slave States t hey have again enacted
this into law, how can ho have a homestead !
li. lie should have tho right to bear arms for
tho defense of himself and family and his home-
stead. And if tho cabin door of tho freedman
is broken open and the imi udei enters for pur-
poses as vile as were known to slavery, then
should a well-loaded musket be in the hand of
tho occupant to send the polluted wretch to
another world, where, his wretchedness will
forever remain complete; and
3. lie should have the ballot, for he has no
security short, of it. With that in his hand be
is respected and smiled upon at least one day
in tho year, the election day. On that day and
all t.lie days of the ensuing year he will be
treated as a man. for he then is a man among
men ! And where the balance of power may j
be in the hands and votes of black men, each j
party, to secure that power, will vie with each
other to maintain every right and mete out full
justice to the men who hav,e this power. The ;
ballot is his weapon of defense and offense. It ]
will work out the regeneration of his race, so- ■
cure their elevation, education, and a full do- !
veloped manhood. And why should all this
not be made secure? Are white men so weak
that they need legal protection ? Must the black '
man be. kept down by legal inequalities? Is he \
so sure to win in the race of life that he must ■
i un under the accumulated weight of ignorance, !
prejudice, and law. I
No, sir, no! we need no protection, and if
we did, we ought not to have. it. If they are
an " inferior race," then we need not fear, we
shall survive, and our elevation above them will
forever remain unapproachable. 1 f there is no
inferiority in natural rights and gifts, then why
make them in Constitution and law ? Why not
let the track be clear, the burdens equal, and the
race of life open and unobstructed to all? And
when there shall have been as many centuries
of freedom enjoyed as there have been of sla-
very endured, then, and not till then, can we
begin to decide questions of inferiority or of su-
periority. I repeat, that to start with, every per-
son should have the safeguards of law weighed
out in equal and exact balances, and the home-
stead, the musket, and the ballot are entirely
indispensable.
Mr. President, the constitutional amendment
that would be entirely unobjectionable 1 fear
cannot pass. I do not know as wo need one.
This nation, although severely disciplined, has
not yet reached the point of giving- to all men
their rights by a suffrage amendment: three
fourths of the States are not ready. And any
patchwork, any "step toward it" (as said the
chairman of the committee) which does not
reach it, I fear to take. Because but one op-
portunity will ever be afforded us to step at
all; anil lost opportunities are seldom repeated.
The golden moment of exacting what was just
and equal for all men in tho rebel States by
executive power and influence passed, it may
be, during the months of April and May last.
That opportunity was afforded in the surrender
of the rebel forces, and in the power and in-
fluence our cause obtained in the Assassination
of our Chief Magistrate. One thing could then
as well have been demanded as another. Where
all rights were forfeited in rebellion, no terms
were or could be insisted upon. Men who lose
all. and aie condemned of all, arc in no posi-
tion to demand; it is only suitable for them to
receive. 1 would not inflict degradation or in-
equality, much less would I allow caste, pro-
scription, or servitude. The power that could
inaugurate civil government where govern-
ments had failed, or had been usurped and
destroyed, could give just such form of govern-
ment as the Constitution prescribes as republi-
can, or as tho enlightened convictions of man-
kind would justify. If one qualification for
voting could be prescribed, so could another.
If a portion of the people worth over y20,000
could be disfranchised, then another portion,
" not knowing where to lay (heir heads,-' could
be enfranchised by the same executive power.
For, as a question of power, is it any more of
an exercise of power to make a voter than to
unmake one? If one qualification could be
urged and enforced, then could two, three, and
all. At that moment equal and exact justice
could have been secured to all loyal men, and
exact punishment or disfranchisement could
have been allotted to the disloyal. And all
just men and just Governments tho world over
would have approved the act. With this weapon
of government, forged of ballots, they had once
not only been breakers of the peace and liable
to ordinary indictment, but had actually warred
upon the General Government and dealt heavy
blows at the very life fountain. Would it have
been a cruel or unheard-of punishment to have
disarmed such offenders, or gone one step fur-
ther and taken security for good behavior in
the future ?
Acting for the millions yet to live, what
could have been demanded less than the com-
plete restoration to rights of that race so long
enslaved but now and forever to be free ? Sir,
there is a law of compensations in this world
whether we enact one or not. There is one
handed out to us from eternity whether we ever
read it or not, and is legible in every passing
e\ent, whether we can see it or not.
That fatal shot which was fired at Sumter,
was aimed at liberty and a free Government.
It has, nevertheless, been returned and lodged
in the very heart of slavery. Tliey have deso-
lated their own homes and countrymen, putting
