3102-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
it at so large a figure that probably it would
cost us more than the employment of temporary
clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see it stated in the
newspapeis that they arc discharging clerks
constantly, and that they have more force than
they need. That has been stated within a few
days.
Air. FESSENDEN. Sometimes when busi-
ness does not press so much they discharge to
save money, and at other times they employ
again. If anybody wants the Department to
keep a number of men there for. months when
they are not needed, fix the number by law ;
but then we should have to pay them all the
time. The idea has been to employ temporary
clerks aa they might be needed. Sometimes
business presses more than at others. Again,
the principal reason for those discharges is
that experience shows some clerks to be use-
less ; they do not answer the purpose; they do
not do their duty and then they are discharged,
and afterward, when business presses, their
places are filled up again. Let me tell the Sen-
ator that from my experience in the Depart-
ment I am prepared to say to him that he need
not base any action of his—he cannot with any
safety—on what be sees in the newspapers.
The newspapers do not know anything about
it; they say anything that comes in their heads.
Mr. THUMB(JLL. I supposed they might
state a fact as to clerks being discharged.
Mr. FKSSIiNDEN. Oh, yes; but they state
anything that conies in their heads about the
Departments as well as about us. The Sen-
ator's experience of newspaper remarks, I
think, should satisfy him that it is quite as
well to omit paying any attention to them. I
came to that conclusion long ago. If they
■would examine and be sure of their facts, and
understand them before they made their state-
ments. it would save a great, deal of difficulty
and trouble, lint they take, as Senators do,
floating rumors about what they hear, and they
make articles upon them as Senators make
speeches upon tliem, without knowing x'eally
what they are talking about in many eases.
The condition of business in the Depart-
ment, as t have said, requires that there should
be power to appoint temporary clerks. When
I was in the Department 1 found another dif-
ficulty which required a remedy. The busi-
ness of the Department became very much
dependent upon a certain class of clerks, and
those generally the ablest and most, important
men in the Department. It became depend-
ent upon them, and they could not be dispensed
with in point of fact. It became necessary,
therefore, to provide some way in which they
could be kept, because banks were being in-
stituted and all sorts of business corporations
all over the country, and looking out for accom-
plished men, men who could conduct their
affairs. They came here and they took a great
many men out of the Treasury Department and
would have taken a great many more but for
the steps that were taken to retain them. It
became necessary, in order to conduct the
business of the Department, that there should
be power to raise the salai ies of a certain class,
to increase the pay of a ccitain class of clerks.
Everybody was petitioning for an increase of
salary. On examining into the matter I be-
came satisfied that there was no necessity for
increasing the salary of the largest number of
the clerks; that it would not do ; that the first-
class clerks and most of the second-class clerks
received as much pay as they ought to receive.
To be sure, some of them who had families
could not live very well upon their salaries;
but you cannot make distinctions between
clerks and pay those who have families more
than those who have not. They are divided
into classes, and perform the same duties. You
can get any number of them. The applications
are innumerable. You can get any number
that you please at any time, and for the great
mass of them the pay is high enough. Conse-
quently it would not do to increase the pay all
round there 'is no necessity for it, and it
would involve an enormous expense.
Under those circumstances, and to obviate
that difficulty, I drew, with my own hand, the
amendment that I wanted passed to enable me
to get along in the office and keep the services
of those men who must be kept in order to do
the business. Into the appropriation, which
Congress had been in the habit of making for
the employment of temporary clerks, I inserted
a provision that in eases where the Secretary
deemed the public service to require it, he
should have the power to increase the pay of
clerks. I drew it with that object, to increase
the pay of those men who were absolutely
essential to transact the business of the office,
who were resigning at the rate of six or seven
a week, sometimes, because they could get
very much larger pay elsewhere. The cases
were numerous where a man receiving $1,800
or $2,000 was offered $3,000, and sometimes
more, to become cashier of a bank, or some-
thing of that description ; and there was great
danger that we should lose many competent
men, especially in the office of the Comptroller
of the Currency, and in the office of the
Treasurer, where you must have trustworthy
and able men. I therefore had that clause
inserted, with a view to remedy the difficulty
without unnecessarily increasing the expenses
of the Department.
The present Secretary of the Treasury was
then Comptroller of the Currency. He under-
stood it perfectly; and when, after the appro-
priation was made according to my recom-
mendation, he went into the office of Secre-
tary of the Treasury, ho applied the money
precisely as I intended it should be applied and
as he understood it ought to bo applied, a cer-
tain portion of it, just as little as lie could pos-
sibly get along with, to the men whose services
were absolutely necessary. All at once an
outcry was raised by the lower classes of clerks,
who received all that it was intended they
should receive, that this money, instead of
being given to those who received the least,
was used to swell the salaries of those who re-
ceived the most. They got up a noise about
it; and people did not understand it; if was
not understood outside; nobody took pains to
inquire of the Secielary of the Treasury what
was meant. Articles were written in the news-
papers on the subject, and a great noise was
made. The House of Representatives, I see,
when they passed this bill, in the clause which
the Committee on Finance have moved to
strike out, wont to work, yielding to that out-
cry, thinking they were doing justice, and ap-
propriated a certain sum out of this money to
those who received not over $1,200 a year and
giving the balance to the first-class clerks and
to the second-class clcrks. The increase has
been given in a great many cases to the fourth-
class clerks, as it was intended it should be,
and to some of the third-class clerks ; but as
this section came from the House of Repre-
sentatives it would leave out the third-class
clerks and give something additional to the first
and second-class, which it was really intended
should not be increased at all.
1 have drawn this amendment precisely to
cover the ideas under which the original pro-
vision was drawn. The sum which 1 have put
in here is not so large as the Secretary of the
'Treasury or those who are more conversant
with the business of the Treasury Department
than he is—because soino of the subordinate
officers are necessarily so—think will absolutely
be required ; but I think they can get along
with it. If this amendment is not made, the
result will be that there will be no power to
retain the services of men who must be retained
in order to carry on the business of the Depart-
ment ; and it is too late in the session now to sit
down and revise the whole arrangements of the
Department and classify the clerks anew. I
think it would not be wise, and it would lead
to a large increase of expenses, and especially
for those very classes which are already suffi-
ciently provided for. I think the storm for
getting men in will be over, before long ; and
if wc get back to the specie basis, as 1 think
we shall in the process of time, the old sala-
ries will probably be enough for all the classes
of clerks. This is a temporary expedient, re-
sorted to only during the existing state of things
and to save the necessity of passing a law which
shall fix increased rates of salaries, which we
shall find it exceedingly difficult to get rid of
at a time when we may desire to do so, because
it is always hard to strike down; it is much
easier to strike up.
I have now given an exposition of the whole
matter. I think that the view which has been
taken by my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts is founded in misapprehension and error,
and that we should be doing great disservice
to the Department in refusing to make this
appropriation.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. My attention has been
called to this section, not precisely upon the
point which the Senator from Massachusetts
has raised, but another. It appears that in
1865 there was an appropriation of $250,000
for the employment of temporary clerks and
increasing the pay of the permanent clerks in
the Treasury Department, and a portion of
that money remains unexpended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. And the Senate com-
mittee have changed to some extent the dis-
tribution of the unexpended sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. According to the bill
as it came from the House of Representatives,
of that unexpended sum $100 is proposed to
be given to each appointee whose salary is less
than SI,200, and the remainder is to be divided
per capita among the clerks of the first and
second classes. As amended by our commit-
tee, from that unexpended balance there is a
sum of $100 given to each clerk or counter
whose salary is less than $1,000, which oper-
ates in substance the same as the House sec-
tion thus far, I think ; but nothing is done with
any remainder that there may be of that unex-
pended balance. Now, I have been spoken
to, as other Senators have been, by disap-
pointed cleiks, who insist that it is but reason-
able and fair, that after giving the $100 to
those who receive less than $1,000, or less than
$1,200, it would be but fair to allow whatever
balance there may be to be distributed among
the clerks of the first and second classes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'The Senator can judge
for himself. Because we give $100 to those
who receive only $720, it is therefore fair to
give it to those who receive $1,200 and $1,400.
That is the argument.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. There are a good many
of those receiving $1,200 and $1,400 who are
heads of families, who have a wife and children
dependent upon them. Those who are receiv-
ing less than $1,000,1 apprehend, are very few
of them in that position.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Many of them are.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. As the bill came from
the House of Representatives it gives to those
persons receiving less than $1,000 just what
theamendmentgives them, but the amendment
then cuts off the unexpended balance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It leaves that in the
hands of the Secretary to be appropriated to
the general purposes of the provision.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Ithinkitwould be better
to adopt the House plan, and let this small sum
—it is but a pittance anyhow—go among those
who have a hard time to get along.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This ''small sum" ig
about $60,000. If the Senator thinks it is
better to give away $00,000 to these clerks,
when you can get a thousand of them at any
moment just as good as these are, be it so.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I suppose you can; and
yet I have heard a great deal said, and there is
a_ great deal of truth in what is said, about
giving more compensation to the higher class
of clerks; but I know men to-day in these De-
partments receiving $1,800 who can do and
have the ability to do the work of men who
receive $3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think he is. I think
