1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2143
country as any other system or portion of our
Government. I have satisfied myself from a
long experience that the territorial governments
made here are not sufficient or ample or ade-
quate to meet the emergencies and exigen-
cies of a thriving, growing, prosperous people.
They are discontented with it, for the reason
that most of the persons that are sent to rule
over them are sent from abroad. I have often
heard it talked of. The judiciary provided for
by the organic acts under the territorial gov-
ernment is entirely inadequate to meet the
exigencies and demand of any mining country.
I speak of no particular person; but I know
this from experience. The people of the Ter-
ritory of Nevada saw before the enabling act
reached them the perfect inefficiency of a ter-
ritorial government to meet its wants, its inter-
ests, its demands, and they met and adopted a
constitution much like the one we adopted
recently, but it failed for the reason that at-
tached to it were officers running to fill the
State offices when it was organized.
Now, Mr. President, what is the real condi-
tion of Colorado? Is she as poor as my sym-
pathizing friend from Massachusetts thinks
she is? Is she so poor that even the distin-
guished Senator fiom Massachusetts cannot
do her reverence ? She has more tillable
land twice over than'tho State of Massachu-
setts. She has more acres surveyed than the
State of Massachusetts can have survej'ed
within her borders. She has as many preemp-
tion rights already taken up as would twiee
cover the State in which the Senator now pre-
siding [Mr. Anthony] resides. She paid more
taxes to the internal revenue last year than
Oregon, a western State, and more than Ne-
vada in some items. The total amount of in-
ternal revenue, except from stamps, in Colo-
rado last year, this poor and miserable place,
was $130,052 01; in Nebraska, $50,054 50;
in New Mexico, $49,042 28; and in Utah,
$41,525 93.
Tax of six per cent, on clothing and other articles
of dress in—
Colorado $705 59
Nevada C05 01
Oregon...  591 35
Tax of six per cent, ou furniture and oilier aitides
made of wood in—
Colorado $1,372 77
Nevada  309 02
Oregon  335 52
Tax on manufacture of iron eastings in—
Colorado S21G G1
Minnesota  200 50
Kansas 105 99
Oregon  330 23
Tax ot one eighth of one percent, on brokers' sales
of merchandise and other goods in—
Colorado $1,K76 05
Nevada  591) 05
Oregon  8.50 55
Kansas  ?,69 32
Minnesota  522 02
West Virgima  8S3 92
Delaware  1,31 S 9(3
Connecticut  1,201 16
Vermont  919 36
Maine  l,8t>8 28
Colorado paid more on the one eighth of
one per cent, on brokers' sales than Nevada,
Oregon, Kansas, Minnesota, West Virginia,
Delaware, Connecticut, Vermont, or Maine.
If does not seem to me from these amounts
that Colorado is dwindling very rapidly. They
show most conclusively—and this pamphlet
goes on to give the figures in detail—that Col-
orado is in a vigorous stale of giowth. It is a
feet known to every man who reads that within
the last six or eight months there have been
developments in the mode of working the ores
of Colorado that are inviting the attention of
the civilized and scientific world. Their pro-
ductions from the same ore that they have been
turning o.ut these millions upon have more than
quadrupled; and to-day, and I speak advisedly
when 1 say it, there is more attention being
paid to the mineral wealth of Colorado than
that of any other State or Territory of this
nation. Why? She is nearer the borders of
the surplus capital of the East. Capital has
to fill up as it goes. It does not jump over
States and Territories to find a distant shore,
but it marches straight along with its inter-
ests and with its requirements; and Colorado,
before twelve months roll round, will have a
population more than double what it has now.
I know how these mining countries fill up; I
know how the population surges back and for-
ward like the restless waves of the sea; hut, sir,
it comes back again to its place. After it has
tried Montana, Idaho, Nevada, California, and
gone as far as mining enterprise can see a
mountain, it comes back again; and I know
that last year population was returning to Col-
orado as well as going westward from it. In
my own State I have met men from Colorado
who had come to see with their own eyes and
determine for themselves whether it was better
to move. I saw men who thought it was not
and returned.
But, sir. after all, I expoct that the trouble
with my distinguished friend from Massachu-
setts is in regard to this word " white." He
scemsto abhor that word ; it has a sort of terror
for him. It has none for me; nor "black"
either. I have here the amendment which my
friend intended to propose to this bill, striking
out the word "white," in the constitution of
Colorado, and requiring the Legislature to give
effect to it. I apprehend that at the time he
offered that amendment he saw none of the
visions of this pauper population passing be-
fore him ; he saw no reason to overthrow the
reputation of Governor Evans. There was no
necessity then for the erroneous statistics which
have been furnished by somebody. The word
"white" it is that has so fearfully disturbed his
equanimity. I have been as ardent an advocate
in the interests of the black, if not as potent
in his advocacy, as has been my friend from
Massachusetts. I have panted for the day that
we have arrived at now as the hart pants for
the mountain stream, and! have lived to see it.
But, sir, I am not going to vote against the
admission of this State because that word is in
her constitution ; and why? I hear the tread
of coming millions. I see that by the logic of
events, whether this word is in or not, the day
is not far distant when we shall see realized
what this paper word "white" means. Sir,
quicker than wo can discuss this question will
the phantom "white" disappear from Colorado.
The sun will not make his annual course before
you will see white men and black men voting
in Qolorado. It is the next step in the prog-
ress of this great reform, and men who lie
across its pathway will bo crushed before the
moving power of a determined people.
Therefore, sir, 1 am not as particular as I
should have been some years ago. I labored
to get that word "white" struck out of the
constitution of the State of Nevada. I was
not a member of the convention. It was
retained; but I venture the assertion that before
twelve months roll around, colored men will
vote in Nevada. Not half the stride will that
bo in the progress of Nevada that has been
witnessed, for when 1 first wont there it was at
the peril of a man's healthy existence to talk
about a negro or to claim to be an abolitionist;
but, sir, they have received line upon line, and
precept upon precept, not from me, but from
others, until Nevada to-day is as radical a State
as the State of Massachusetts. I would appeal
to her population with as muoli assurance of
being sustained in any step that moves to the
culmination of this great reform as I would to
Massachusetts itself. They are a young, vig-
orous. thriving, daring, noble people, and they
dare do what is right, and tlioy will. Before
the tread of this march all bars of prejudice
are breaking down; and my friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Dooijttle,] when he was laboring
to keep the blacks from voting in Wisconsin
last fell, did not know that there was an exist-
ing statute on the book that allowed them to
vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me, I wish right there to state a fact
that has escaped his attention. With his per-
mission, I may as well state it here as at any
other point. Twenty years ago 1 advocated
colored suffrage and voted for it. In the State
of Wisconsin, ever since I have resided in the
State, I was willing that colored men should
vote in it. This very fall that he speaks of, 1
advocated before our people to allow colored
men in Wisconsin to vote, and I voted for it at
the polls.
Mr. NYE. That is good.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But let me say to the
honorable Senator from Nevada, there was
another thing that I advocated, and it was this:
that each State had a right for itself to deter-
mine the question, and that the Federal Gov-
ernment had no right or constitutional power
to impose on a State negro suffrage; that the
right of a State to determine that question for
itself was one of the reserved rights of every
State, under the Constitution. I give the hon-
orable gentleman notice now that if he, or the
men who act with him here, shall undertake
to impose negro suffrage upon a State of this
Union, coming from the Federal Goyernment
as an exercise of authority here, he and any
party or set of men who advocate it will be
crushed undefcthe force of public opinion and
swept out of power and out of existence. I say
to the honorable Senator that the rights of
States are of as much consequence as the rights
of individuals. It is not the first time that on
this subject I have been misrepresented here
and elsewhere.
Mr. STEWART. Let meinquire ofthe Sen-
ator whether he wishes to be understood that
an attempt to amend the Constitution so as to
effect that end would crush the party.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say that any party that
advocates 
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. To reply to both the
Senators from Nevada at once on the subject
is more than I bargained for. I rose to correct
my friend from Nevada, on my right, [Mr.
Nye.]
Mr. GRIMES. Answer that question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will answer it if the
Senator from Nevada on my right is willing
to give way. I am perfectly frank to say that
any party, political or otherwise, which shall
go before the people of the United States %>on
the idea that the Federal Government or the
Federal Constitution is to impose upon the
States negro suffrage against the will of the
States, will go to the wall.
Mr. STEWAKT. That is not the question
I asked.
Mr. DOOTjTTTLE. The question the gen-
tleman asked was, whether the States will
accept a proposition to amendthe Constitution
giving negro suffrage. 1 answer no, sir, they
will not. Join the issue as soon as you please
here or elsewhere, and out of New England
there are not three States inthis Union, neither
Nevada nor Colorado, nor any ofthe new States
or the old States that will vote for an amendment
of the Constitution of the United States by ■which
negro suffrage shall be imposed upon the States.
Mr. COWAN. Nor amend their own.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In reference to that, I
will not say. There are other States that will
amend their own constitutions on the subject.
I simply rose to set my friend from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] right on that question. While I,
as an individual, have advocated the right of
each State to determine this question for itself,
and in the State of Wisconsin have advocated
giving to the colored men there the right of
suffrage, because the negroes who are residing
there, generally speaking, as a class were able
to exercise that right, and exercise it properly,
I still insisted that it did not belongto the
eral Government to impose it on other States
as a condition to their being in this Union.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I have said noth-
ing upon that question. It seems to be the
nightmare that haunts my friend from Wiscon-
sin ; and I receive his assertion with every de-
gree of allowance that is necessary for a per-
son that does not seem to express the wishes
of his own State as expressed by the Legisla-
ture. and therefore 1 doubt his authority to
speak for the public on that question. It is
j Banquo's ghost with him.
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me a word on
i that point.
