1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Van Horn] has discovered that in
the engrossment of the amendments to the bill
(S. No. 285) granting lands to the State of Kan-
sas to aid in the construction of the Kansas and
Neosho Valley railroad and its extension to
Red river, the word "not" was accidentally
omitted. Is there any objection to ordering
the recall of the bill from the Senate that the
mistake may be corrected?
There was no objection; and it was so or-
dered. :
ethan ray clark, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 402, to confirm the title
of Ethan Kay Clark and Samuel Ward Clark
to certain lands in Florida claimed under a
grant from the Spanish Government; which
was read a first and second time.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio,
the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
purchase op pettioru's library.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 79, to author-
ize the purchase for the Library of Congress
of the law library of James L. Pettigrn, of
South Carolina; which was read a first and
second time.
It authorizes the Joint Committee on the
Library to contract with the heirs of the late
James Louis Pcttigru for the transfer of the
law library left by him to the Library of Con-
gress, and appropriates the sum of $5,000 out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for that purpose.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the joint resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
Mr. ICELLEY. Ithas been before that com-
mittee, and has met with their approval.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to join in doing honor to the memory of
that good man.
Mr. STROUSE. The library is worth far
more than we offer to give for it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If it be referred
let it be with authority to report at any time.
Mr. LOAN. I object.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The motion lo refer was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question on the passage of the
joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved that the
joint resolution be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays ; and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UEIMBURSEMENT OF MASSACHUSETTS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 121, providing
for the auditing of the accounts of the State of
Massacliusettsfor moneys expended during the
war for coast defense ; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
alois klaus.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 164, for the
relief of Alois Klaus; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. DELANO. It is to pay a poor soldier
$32 90.' He paid his own transportation from
Chicago to Port Smith. It is all right.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
election of senators.
Tlie next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 414, to regu-
late the times and manner of holding elections
for Senators in Congress; which was read a
first and second time. It is as follows : •
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representee-
tivea of the United States of America in Confess assem-
bled, That the Legislature of each State which shall
be cnoscn next preceding tlio expiration of the timo
for which any Senator was eloctcd to represent said
State in Congress, shall, on the second Tuesday after
the meeting and organization thereof, proceed to
elect a Senator in Congress, in the place of such Sen-
ator so going out of office, in the following manner:
each House shall openly, by&viva voce of each mem-
ber present, nam© one person for Senator in Con-
gress from said State, and the name of the person so
voted for, who shall have a majority of the whole
number of votes east in each House shall bo entered
on the Journal of cacli House by the clerk or secre-
tary thereof; but if either House shall fail to give
such majority to any person on said day, that fact
shall be entered on the Journal. At twelve o'clock,
meridian, of the day following that on which pro-
ceedings aro required to take place, as aforesaid, the
members of the two Houses shall convene m joint
assembly, and the Journal of each House shall then
be read, and if the same person shall hn,vo received
a majority of all the votes in each House, such per-
son shall be declared duly elected Senator to repre-
sent said State in the Congress of the United States;
butif the same person shall not have received a ma-
jority of the votes in each House, or if either House
shall have failed to take proceedings as required by
this act, the joint assembly shall then proceed to
choose, by a viva voce vote of each member present, a
person for the purpose aforesaid, and the person
having a majority of all the votes of the said joint
assembly, a majority of all the members elected to
both Houses being present and voting, shall bo de-
clared duly elected; and in case no person shall ro-
ceive such majority on the first day, thejoint assem-
bly shall meet at twelve o'clock meridian of caeh
succeeding day during the session of the Legislature,
and tako at least one voto until a Senator shall be
elected.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That whenever, on
the meeting of the Legislature of any State, a vacancy
shall oxistinthe representation of such State in the
Senate of the United States, said Legislature shall
proceed, on the second Tuesday after thccommence-
mentand organization of its session, to electa person
to fill such vacancy, in the manner hereinbefore pro-
vided for the election of a Senator for a full term:
and if a vacancy shall happen during the session of
the Legislature, then on the second Tuesday after the
Legislature shall have been organized and shall have
notice of such vacancy.
Skc.3. Andbe it further enacted, Thatitshallbe the
duty of the Governor of the State from which any
Senator shall have been chosen as aforesaid to certify
his election, under the seal of the State, to the Pres-
ident of the Senate of the United States, which cer-
tificate shall be countersigned by the secretary of state
of the State.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LE BLOND moved that the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on laying the bill
on the table, it was decided in the negative—
yeas21, nays 87, not voting 78 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Eldridge, Finck,
Aaron Harding, Hogan, Johnson, William Lawrence,
Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson, Itadford, Hitter, iloss,
Strouse. Taber,Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Winfield,
and Wright—21.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, Maker, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Oonkling,
Cullom, Davis, "Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper. Ifotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, James It.
Hubbell, Hulbiml, Jenckes, Julian, Ivasson, Kelley,
Ivoontz, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch. Marston.Mclluer,Morcur,Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill,Morris, Moulton, Myers,O'Neill,Orth,Paine,
Perham, Pike, Price, William II.liandall, Alexander
II. Kice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek,
Scofield, Shellabargcr, Spalding, Stevens, John L.
Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—87.
NOT V QTIN G—Messrs. JamesM. Ashley, Baldwin,
Beaman. Blame. Blow, Boyer, Brandegee, Bundy,,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Culver, Darling,
Dawson, Dentins, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Bumont,
Eggleston, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Grinn&ll,
Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hayos, Hendersori. Sill,
Asahel.W. Hubbard, Domas Hubbard, John H. Hub?
VCWU, AXCil, XkVtUUUrlll, JLVXWllUUill, Ajl) JJlOQU, I ftlTlg*
year, Marshall, Marvin, McGlurg, McCullouri), Mc-
lndoe, MeKe'e, Noell. Patterson, Phelps, Plants,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rogers,
Q U ft«lrl in CiAwta Ct; 1 11
Warner, Elihu B. Washburnc, Henry D. Washburn,
WilliamB. AVashburn, and Welker—73.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move that
ihe House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time, and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed—ayes seventy-
eight, noes not counted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reimbursement 01? massachusetts again.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the Massachusetts claim was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. It is precisely
like the one in reference to Iowa, merely to,
authorize a statement of the account. I think;
there can be no objection to it. Several of
them have passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The bill creates a couple
of commissioners, and I do not know whether
their salary is fixed or not. I doubt very much
the necessity of settling this question in that
way. I have now ready to report from the
Military Committee a bill giving authority to
the Secretary of War to audit the accounts of,'
the Territory of Colorado for services of the
militia of that State called out and actually
employed in the Army of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want anybody but
the^Secretary of War to do this.
Mr. SCHENCK. It can bo done by the
accounting officer without creating a commis-
sion and having two or three officers to be paid
liberal salaries, or eight or ten dollars a day
for doing what the accounting officer ought
to do.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me I will enter the motion to reconsider and
prepare an amendment. I will also demand
the previous question so as to bring it up to-
morrow morning. w
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon (at
ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rulo and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees:
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of S. T. King, and 32
others, of Calais, Maine, for inter-State insurance
law- , , ,,
Also, the petition of L. Leighton, 2d, and others*
for reimbursement of money defrauded from them
by claim agent.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of 1.0. Rogers,
and others, citizens of Madison county, New lork,
for Bureau of National Insurance.
By Mr. RAYMOND: The petition of Ignatius T.
Ohutkowski, of the eity of New To?k,praying com-
pensation for real and personal property used by the
United States.. .
Also, two memorials of hardware dealers of New
York and Philadelphia in regard to the tariff.
