1865.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
etm
Sir, T deny the right of this Congress, or of
the Federal Government, either directly or in-
directly, to regulate the right of the elective
franchise within the several State. No .'such
power has been conferred upon it. We mu4,
if we expect to continue our free system of
Government, agree, like frank and candid men.
that there is no difference in the rights of the
several States of this Union; that each State
is the equal of the other, and has the same
rights and privileges; and if you can interfere
by the General Government, to regulate the
question of the elective franchise in North Caro-
lina, you may by the same power regulate the
same question in Massachusetts and Ohio.
The Federal Government cannot dictate to
the States in this matter of suffrage. Hie Con-
stitution of the United States, second section
of article one, declares that—
"Tho Itonso of Represents ives shall be composed
of members chosen every sccond year by the people
of tho several States, and the electors in each State
shall have tho qualifications requisite lor electors of
th c most numerous branch of the State Legislatures."
The qualifications of electors of members of
the Legislatures of the States have been fixed
and regulated from the earliest period of the
adoption of government by the American peo-
ple, by each Stale for itself, and the section
already quoted expressly recognizes this right
as belonging exclusively to the States.
Sir, the claim to regulate the elective franchise
in the States unrepresented on this floor cannot
be sustained upon any other theory than that
advocated by the gentleman from Pennsjh ania,
namely, that these Stales, whose people were
lately in revolt, were actually out of the Union;
that the Union was broken up and dismembered,
and that we have conquered these States, and re-
duced them to Territories. But again, we have
been told that the people of these States must
remain unrepresented until they exhibit signs
of true loj'alty. How long ; five, tea, or thirty
years
Charles Sumner tells us that time is neces-
sary. He says in his speech of September 14.
18(>-i, before the Republican State convention
of Massachusetts, that—
" For thirty years and more this wick educes was ma-
turing. Who can say that the same time will not be
needed now to mataie conditions ot permanent peace'?
"Who can say that a sell elation must not elapse before
those rebel communities have been so far changed as
to become sale associates in a common Government ?"
And again, in the same specch, he says:
"As thosewl;o have foujht against us should bo
disfranchised, so those who fought lor us should be
enfranchised." * * * " For awhile the
ireetlman will take the place of the master, thus veri-
fying the saying that the last shall be first and t he li;r
shall be last."
Another distinguished citizen of the same
State, General Butler, has told us in a speech
which he has made somewhere in Massachu-
setts, thai we have fullpowerin our own hands,
and that wo can refuse to let a State bo repre-
sented until the State shall permit the colored
man to vote. And this seems to be the scheme
of the radicals, who are seeking tp defeat the
policy of a patriotic Executive to heal up the
wounds of the country, and bring all tho States
together again in this House of the people's
Representatives. I trust that conservative gen-
tlemen 011 the other side will not be overawed
by tho Senator from Massachusetts and the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsyhania.
Sir, the southern people have ened deeply j
and terribly, but have they not also most griev- !
ouslv suffered? No brave or gallant man would
at a time like this cry out for more punishment '
upon this people. A magnanimous people,
and a great and magnanimous Government will
not allow it. Now, that the war has ended, !
every honest effort should be made by all true
citizens to restore friendly relations between j
the different sections, and cement more firmly i
than ever tho bonds of the Union. All further
effort to punish this people by the forfeiture of
their political rights should end, except in so
far as the public interests may imperatively ;
demand punishment; and then let it be in ac- ;i
eordaiiee with tho Constitution and laws of (he j
land. If indeed we have peaee, let it be a peace '!
in reality. Let our conduct be such as will be li
approved by that calm, deliberate, and thought-
ful public opinion of the Christian and civil-
ized world, which will most assuredly pass its
judgment on the conduct of our Government.
St. Lam glad to be able to say here to-day
that in the main 1 approve the course and policy
of the President on this question: and shall feel
it my d'lty to gi\e him my suppo.t. in every
proper and constitutional effort to restore to
these States their just rights, and to heal up the
wounds which have been inllicted upon tho
country. It is indeed a high and noblo mis-
sion in which the Executive is engaged, and T
regret to find ho has not the cordial support of
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyh ania,
and who concur in the views of that gen-
tleman as announced on last Monday. Now
that the war is over; since we have vindicated
before the world the abilityof this Government
to maintain itself and to preserve ihe Union,it
seems to me that it is ihe duly of every public
man to study, without partisan bitterness, the
remedies best adapted to restore quiet and con-
fidence to the country, and to show to the world,
that while this Government is determined to
maintain the integrity of the Union, cost what
it mav, and to crush with a strong hand all op-
position to its rightful authority, so. too, in Ihe
hour of triumph, when the opposition to the
Government has surrendered, and given evi-
dence of its return to obedience, that we know
hovv" to practice that generous clemency and
kindness which cannot fail to win back the
affections of the-e people, many of whom have
been misguided and deceived t and thus exhibit
to the world that our people are as much dis-
tinguished lor their magnanimity and forbear-
ance as for their gallantry and courage. Sir.
there is great wisdom in the noble language
of Edmund Burke, when he exclaimed, that
magnanimity in polities is the truest wisdom,
and a great empire and little minds go ill
together.
liul, sir. the great mass of the southern peo-
ple have been included in the amnesty procla-
mation of tho 1 're- ident, and many who were
not m> included have since, by Ihe action of the
Executive, received special paidous. iiy what
law or principle are you lo deprive there men,
after the\ have taken the oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, from the ex-
ercise of the right of suffrage, and the great
constitutional right of being represented on this
floor? Sir, you cannot rightfully thus inflied
penalties and forfeitures upon them.
Putt I insist that by the well-settled principles
of public iaw the great masses of the people of
these southern States, who did not engage in
organizing the rebellion, and only were eanied
along with it. al'ler it was organized, because
they could notresistit. are not guilty of treason.
It is a well-settledprineiple of public law 'hat
protection and allegiance are reciprocal duties :
and that Government which claims allegiance,
must afford protection. The majority of tho
people of the South were opposed to secession.
On the direct issue made in Yuginia in 1801,
there was an overwhelming majority against it ,
and a fair vote in the other Stales would have
exhibited clear majorities against secession,
unless we should except South Carolina. And
I ask would if not be inouslrous for thin Govern-
ment which failed to pro'eel the great masses
of the people of the southern States from the
usurpation of those who conspired to breek up
the Union, nov, to punish this same people wil li
the nn.sf severe and grave p( nahms. namely,
the forfeiture or' high political rights, because
they submitted to the trained power \ihieli
they were unable to resist?
Sir. the areat principle of justice, us applied by
the common sanction of the civilized world is.
thai principle already named, that allowance
and protection are reciprocal dunes, and the
Government, which lias jailed to protect any
portion of its citizens from the usurpation ol
any other power, foreign or internal, cannot,
when such power has been ovetlhtown.'punish
the unfortunate people who for tho.limc being
vvere subjected to such usurped power forvi eld-
ing it obedience. This doctrine is wall settled
in England, and clearly laid down.by manyof
her eminent law writers. And has also been
solemnly recognized and applied by the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of the
United States vs. "JUice, in 4 Wheaton's- Re-
ports. page 21(5. .
"Why longer delay the admission of the Rep-
resentatives from these States? Will- it male
their jieople better citizens, and inspire them
with more love and devotion to tile Govern-
ment? Every man who understands human tia-
ture must know that such a course is only calcu-
late''] to harass and annoy this people, and divert
tho public mind from the consideration of other
questions of great interest to the country. Why
refer this question to a joint committee of the
Senate and House, when the Constitution pro-
vides that each House shall he the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members! Why this attempt to stifle all debate
on a question of so much importance to the
States and to the entire Union?
I know gentlemen dislike to give up power,
and arc alarmed at the idea that power "may
indeed pass from their hands. They may indeed
for a while annoy and interfere v.ith the Presi-
dent in his patriotic, jeft'orts to unite and har-
monize, the whole country, North and South;
but gent] emeu are mistaken if they believe they
can defeat the purposes of the Executive.
Sir, the people will canvass this great ques-
tion. and will inquire why it is that eleven States
of this Union are unrepresented here; and
sooner or later public opinion, which will sweep
everything before it, will demand that these
States shall be represented. The people, sir,
will sustain the President in every honest and
patriotic effort to discharge the grave and re-
sponsible duties which have devolved upon liim;
and gentlemen cannot long evade the issue which
has been so frankly and distinctly made by the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania with
the policy of the Chief Executive.
But, sir, much of this attempt to disfranchise
the while men of eleven St ales unless they con-
sent to give the ballot to the negro, (and X say'
it itliuut. iuicndiug tie.- least disrespect to the
able and distinguished delegation from that sec-
tion.) comes from New England, and finds a
zealous and able advocate in the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
New England fears that, unless her policy is
adopted, her power to control this nation will
be lost, forever, and knows that if it is sanc-
tioned and adopted by the American people,
she may rule this nation for generations to come.
Sir, there is much in the histoiy of New Eng-
land which 1 admire ; she has produced many
great nud noble sons; but there is also much
m her hi itory which v. e have to deplore—much
ill her intermeddling, narrow, uneasy, and ag-
gre-sive spnit, that is at war with the true inter-
ests of tlie American people. She will not be
satisfied unless the tun ruh and coutiol the
policy of this Government. If New England,
and New England policy, can regulate and con-
trol the question of suffrage in there eleven
States, she believes that she may bo able to con-
trol the financial legislation of this country, and
kindly fix tho amount of our tariffs, and inter-
nal taxes, for the next fifty years to come. Sir,
it is a bifid attempt and well w orth all the effort
that Iter Stunners and Phillipse.i cm exert to ac-
complish: but it will 1'a.il, as it should fail, for
if it could succeed, the great principles of our
system of government would be overthrown,
h is an at'empt to disfranchise our own race
and kindred, and transfer their political power
into the hands of another race. Can it bo pos-
sible that the prejudices, pas dons. and.-supposed
interests of one portion of the_white men of
this Union, shail lead them so far as to attempt
to strip their own iacc of political rights, in
orih r to confer them upon the nesro?
Sir. let us cud; uvor to be equal to the great,
work before its. Instead of postponing the
admission of the members from these States
now asking admission, let us generously wel-
come their return to representation in this com-
mon si-oerhood of Smtes. and in place^ of at-
tempting to confer on tho negro the right of
