2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. NYE. You liave drawn me off, and I
should like to proceed with my remarks.
The PBESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman speaks
of my misrepresenting the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. NYE. No. You read the resolutions
the other day that requested you to vote one
way, and yet you voted the other way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
must address the Chair.
Mr. D 00 LITTLE. I will not interrupt the
Senator if he does not desire an interruption;
but on that point I desire to state to him that
the convention of Wisconsin last fall unani-
mously declared in favor of the doctrines to
which I have adverted on this occasion.
Mr. NY E. Sir, the world has moved mightily
since last fall, though the gentleman may stand
still. Wo have been moving, and so has his
State. But I was not saying anything about
Congress imposing negro suffrage on the States.
1 was simply saying that the logic of events,
which is stronger and more powerful than the
laws of Congress, is sweeping on to that goal
by its own resistless power, if they had not
i'ound a legislative enactment in Wisconsin that
allowed black men to vole, I should think, the
gentleman being a lair exponent,of that Slate,
that they would have negro suffrage in Ken-
tucky before they had it in Wisconsin.
But, sir, to return to Colorado, she lies right
in the pathway, and is the first stopping-place
from the Missouri river westward to the Pacific.
Iler plains are extensive, beyond the concep-
tion of the dwellers in northern cities; her
mountains are so high that they literally reach
the clouds. In her productive valleys and on
her mountain sides is heard the reverberation
of the pick, the shovel, the mill, and labor in
nil ils phases as it perlains to mining. The
surplus capital of New York and the eastern
States finds a field for ils use, and ils opera-
tions are expanding and increasing beyond all
precedent.
The distinguished Senator from Massaehu-
srl Is l,i Iks about her product ivcu ess being only
(wound a half millions last year. Sir, bef'oie
we got counting money by thousands of mil-
lions, it would have made IJoston's oars stand
erect to hear of a discovery in the West that
was producing two ami a half millions of gold
in a year, and everybody that was out of their
library and mil. of business would have gone
to Colorado to see the rich mountains out of
which if was dug; many of boston's citizens
are there now; anil they behold with wonder
the rich products that they gaze upon. The
dazzling brilliancy bewilders the miuds of those
who are unaccustomed to such scenes and they
fail to comprehend its vastness; and hence we
cannot, be surprised, however much we may
regret, that linaneial statements are presented
that create such misconceptions in others.
Why, sir, the young Slate from which 1 come
produces $:XMKl(),00() of silver a year. Colo-
rado spared four ibousand of her nous to servo
t he country in tin: tented Held, and the Senator
borates her for her diminished productiveness.
The sound of the hammer was not heard
tipou the anvil, the plow stood still in the fur-
row, men left, their civil avocations, they quit
digging for the rich treasures of gold to hie to
the field where richer treasures were to be pre-
served than gold could purchase; and my friend
from .Massachusetts really discovers that Col-
orado is dwindling! No, Mr. President, Col-
orado never showed as many evidences why
she should be admitted as a Slate as is pre-
sented by the very fact that regiment after regi-
ment was sent from her territory to guard and
protect Hie travel across the plains from the
savage and to contcud upon the field of strife
with the rebels themselves. Sir, 1 am loath
to turn my back upon any population that has
sIiom u such devoiion to the Federal Govern-
ment a.> Colorado has done. I assert that she
comes here to-day clothed iu the attractive
habiliments of loyalty, the proudest vestment
with which man was ever clothed; out of her
misfortunes and from the smoke and din of
arms she conjes here and presents herself with
the spotless robes of undying loyalty. See it
exemplified: here come two men clothed with
the garments that you so much admire. Why
do you not let them in ? The answer is that
my distinguished friend has heard it whispered
—I never listen to whispers—that we want two
more votes. Sir, I want twenty and two more,
but I want them loyal, and I care not how
many votes we have if they are of the right
kind; and I do not intend that we shall have
any other here, by my vote; do you?
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. NYE. Very well; then you are safe
and so am I.
My friend says she grows poorer and poorer;
the vote of last yearis less than everbefore, and
he says that that is at war with all the philos-
ophy of the settlement of these Territories.
That my distinguished friend thinks so, I have
no doubt; but that the fact is exactly opposite
I know. I have seen the time when the State
of Nevada had ten thousand more population
than it has got now. You see the same thing in
every mining country. They roam and pros-
pect and develop until there are no more
mountains to find, and then they come back.
That is the history in a word of mining popu-
lations. Let the hue and cry go up that there
is a richer placer somewhere else, and down go
the pick and spade, away they go, and they go
to remain until they ascertain that they cannot
fill their stomachs on east winds, and back
they come to their first love, and there they
stay.
My friend was so unkind in his strictures
upon poor Colorado aa to afflict them with
grasshoppers. [Laughter.] If my friend is
spending his time in readingthe surveyor gen-
eral's reports to keep up with the progress of
grasshoppers, he is attending to small business.
[Laughter.] 1 supposed ho was engaged in
higher, nobler purposes than looking after the
march ol'grasshoppers. [Laughter.] Why, sir,
1 have seen grasshoppers in Massachusetts as
thick as locusts in Egypt. Grasshoppers go
wherever grass grows; and my friend,when he
establishes the fact that there is a good crop
ol'grasshoppers there, establishes the fact that
there are pastoral lands there ; for they never
go but where there is something to eat.
lint everything conspires to give Colombo a
forbidding aspect in my friend's vision. With
all the noble qualities that 1 so much admire
in my distinguished friend, there is one thing
lm will pa rdon mo for saying that ho has yet to
learn—that is a bold assertion for me—he. has
got to learn to take defeat gracefully; or in
other words, ho must learn that toproeure suc-
cess he is only entitled to use such means and
such arguments as are legitimate to the sub-
ject and to the question to which they are
applied.
Mr. President, if you take one step west of
Colorado, what do you find there? You find
there one of the strongest arguments and rea-
sons why there should be the strong govern-
ment of a State in Colorado. You find Utah,
with all of her calamity, and with nil of the
dangers incident to it, nestled right, in there
with a large population. Step beyond Utah
and you find the State of Nevada. To say
much of her would not become me ; but I
assert this of her : Nevada is a State that has
furnished as many troops in proportion to her
population as any State in this Union ; she
has done much substantial work; her people
are a law-abiding people, and they love the
Union. Beyond Nevada we come to that
mighty barrier, the Sierra Nevada; leap over
that, and you come to the flourishing State of
my distinguished friend from California. [Mr.
Coxxnss,] all glittering with gold; and yet,
sir, California is no richer than Colorado, in
my judgment; no richer than Utah, no richer
than Nevada, Montana, or Idaho.
What next do we see? We see the mighty
power this nation puts forth, to do what? To
link these two great oceans together with books
of iron^ and steel, and already is seen and heard
from either ocean the steam whistle on the
Atlantic starting for the West, and in July they
will be challenged above the clouds of the
Sierra Nevada mountains bidding and beckon-
ing them onward to the western coast. Right
in this pathway lies Colorado, the first great
stopping-place. Colorado, in two years from
this time, will have a population that will pay
more into the Treasury of this Government
than many States whose locks are whitened
with years. I know the abounding elasticity
of these youthful States. I know with what
vigor and strength they increase and go for-
ward, and you cannot keep them from popu-
lating rapidly. Strike the music of the chord
that echoes to "go," and population will flow
into them, even from Massachusetts.
Show me where these rich treasures are
found, and where, after all, we have got to
look for the very material to light from oil'the
shoulders of this nation its now crushing bur-
den, and I will show you a population in point
of intelligence, vigor, and numbers that will
be satisfactory entirely to my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts, and it will drive
out the phantom that seems to haunt him, and
it will give certain demonstration by its pro-
ductions of its ability to be a State. " Poor
Colorado" will settle with my fiieud one of
these days; it will show him that he little knows,
and has paid but little attention in his re-
searches, to the treasures of her mighty mount-
ains. Sir, there is a people there who have
gone deep down under the mountains, and by
ilieir science and their skill, and above all,
by their indomitable will and perseverance,
have demonstrated to the world that there in
Colorado lies wealth untold.
Sir, my friend has one habit that I thought I
should never fall into, but I have got to do so
now; and that is reading letters. [Laughter.]
1 have got nobody to telegraph me for the occa-
sion, [laughter,] but 1 have a letter here by
accident. [Laughter.] It, is a letter written
by the mayor of Denver City, and directed to
me ; he is now in New York. I will read it:
New Yokk City, March 22,18C6.
Bear Sir: Ihayo .lust finished reading the report
of the discussion in the Senate on the admission of
Colorado, and must say that I was very much sur-
prised at some of the statements made. As a citizen
of Colorado, lean but regret that such statements
place our young Territory and people in a very false
position before the people of the United States as
regards our population, mineral wealth, and agri-
cultural resources. I have been a ro-ident of Colo-
rado tor ttie past six veais, and from the positions I
have occupied, think that 1 am well posted in regard
to all of these matters.
Our population t honestly believe to-day is of per-
manent inhabitants thirty-five thousand, if not more.
1 do not think, in so large a Territory, that the vote
ut. any election is a fair index of population. Our
people are scattered over thomounta-insand valleys,
and in a number of localities no elections are held.
I know it was the ease at the last, (State) election.
Monwhoarc receiving iivo dollars per day wilt not
leave their work nod travel eight or ten miles to cast
a vol e.
Our young Teriitorv scut thiee regiments to the
war and at the close of the rebellion they were mus-
tered out in the_ States, hut most of them after a
short visit to their friends are now on the way back
to their homes and property in Colorado. There
were also hundreds of men who went from Colorado
to their homes in the States and enlisted, who are
now making their prepai at ions to return to Colorado
this spring. All of ihesemen claim to belongin Col-
orado, as they hold property and pay taxes in that
JLerutory to-day.
So much for onr population, which I claim is on
the increase daily instead of dcerease. As regards
our mineral wealth, [ would say that 1 do not think
there need be any question in regard to that. I will
give a few facts which have eome under my personal
knowledge. I was connected with the private mint
ot Messrs. Clark, Gruber&Co.. in the years 1861,1862,
and Ibl).,, and during that time theystiuck off of their
own com $ /oO.OOp, and during tin- same period bought
golddust and snipped east ovcr^OOO.MOof gold bars,
run hum dust bought ill Colorado. This is the busi-
ness of one house. Thei e wore at the some time four
other houses engaged in tlie same business, namely,
banking, Irom the owners of five hundred feet on
c'li°nn,w?S017 "I1"0 there was bought in that time
I I* ! ,o -'^d. Distinguished professors state m
published works that Colorado has the largest extent
i "eh quartz veins of any mining country on the
glolte. lwillsay lierethatouroresarc what is termed
refractory, and it requires a vast amount of machin-
ery and siiilled laborto workthem. There have been
termed in the eastern cities over seven ty-fi'-e mining
companies, involving a working capital of over ten
million dollars. When thesecompanies get in full and
successful operation, I thmk Colorado will demon-
strate to the world that she is a rich gold and silver
producing country. Besides gold and silver, we have
