ffiEE C0HGB1SSI0MAL GLOBE.
July 24,
v ^ : IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 24, 1866.
Prayer, by the Chaplain, Re.v. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous conae-nt, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed -with.
reports of committees.
Mr. SUMNEB,,from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred resolu-
tions of the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York in favor.of timely and adequate
appropriations for exhibiting the products of
the American Union at the Exposition at Paris
in 1867, in such a manner and oil such a scale
as shall maintain its just rank among the na-
tions of the earth, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed
to. «
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James Roache,
praying for compensation for services rendered
in Ireland during the late rebellion, in behalf
of this country, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
pacific railroad bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred a bill
(H. R. No. 772) to authorize the issue of certain
bonds in denominations greater than SI,000, to
to report it back without amendment, and as it
relates to a matter very simple in itself, I ask
that it be put on- its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that hereafter the
bonds of the United States authorized by the
act of July 1, 1862, to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri river to the Pacific ocean, and by all acts
amendatory thereof, may be issued in denom-
inations greater than $1,000, at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury; but it shall
at all times be optional with any railroad com-
pany whether they will receive bonds of a larger
denomination than $1,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate^ ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad to whom was recommitted
the bill (S. No. 387) to secure the speedy con-
struction of the Northern Pacific railroad and
telegraph line, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes, have had the same again un-
der consideration, and have instructed me to
report it back to the Senate with certain
amendments. In making this report, I beg
the indulgence of the Senate for one moment,
while I say that the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad do not expect that at this late period
of the session it will be possible for the Sen-
ate to act upon the bill further. Indeed, many
of them are of opinion that it is not expedi-
ent under the circumstances to proceed further
with the consideration of the bill at the pres-
ent session, and I shall be content for one to
have its consideration postponed until the
commencement of the next session of Con-
gress.
The amendments of the committee, I beg to
say, are very brief, and I seize upon this oppor-
tunity of stating substantially what they are.
The committee amend the scheme of guar-
anty embraced in the bill by dividing the whole
route of the Northern Pacific railroad into three
sections, the first section commencing at the
eastern terminus on Lake Superior and running
westwardly to the one hundred and eleventh
degree of longitude, the distance being about
one thousand one hundred miles, and on this
section the amendments guaranty the interest
on stock at the rate of §16,000 per mile, that
is, for one hundred and sixty shares^ the shares
of the company being $100 each. The second
section commences at the one hundred and
eleventh degree of longitude, running west to
the one hundred and nineteenth degree, being,
according to*the bill which was referred to the
committee, five, hundred and twenty miles in
length. This is the mountain region and is
called the mountain district. On this section the
amendments of the committee guaranty interest
on stock at the rate of $48,000 a mile, or four
hundred and eighty shares per mile. The third
section commences at the one hundred and
nineteenth degree, running to the western ter-
minus, that is the main trunk to Puget's sound
and the branch to Portland, in Oregon; and
on this section the amendments of the commit-
tee guaranty interest on stock at the rate of
$82,000 per mile, or three hundred and twenty
shares. Th.e distance to Puget's sound is sup-
posed to be about two hundred miles, and the
length of the branch, as near as it can be esti-
mated by the materials which the committee
have in their possession, is about four hundred
miles.
The scheme presented by the amendments
of the committee gives to the company the same
rate of aid in guarantying stock per mile as
the Union Pacific railroad has in bonds, and
is in fact a reduction of the aid claimed in the
original bill by nearly one half the whole amount
of guarantied stock, that amount being by the
scheme presented in the amendments about
sixty million dollars in such stock so far as the
distances can at present be estimated.
I present the following, Mr. President, as a
rough estimate of each of the three sec tions of this
Northern Pacific railroad route: the first sec-
tion says eleven hundred miles at $16,000 guar-
antied stoekper mile would require $17,600,000
of guarantied stock. Of course I speak of prin-
cipal. The second section, being by the bill
as originally presented five hundred and twenty
miles, at the rate $48,000 per mile would re-
quire $24,060,000. The third section, including
the branch to Portland, Oregon—these lines
measuring, the main line to Puget sound, say
two hundred miles, and the branch to Portland
say four hundred miles, amounting together to
six hundred miles, at the rate of $32,000 per
mile, would require $19,200,000. The total of
aid in the shape of guarantied stock being thus
$61,760,000. The annual interest upon it would
be $3,705,600, and the whole interest for twenty
years $74,112,000.
I avail myself of this opportunity of making
this statement in order that the facts may ap-
pear upon the reports of our proceedings, and
I ask that this bill be postponed until the next
session of Congress, with a view to elicit dis-
cussion throughout the country upon the part
of all persons who have an interest in the prose-
cution of this great enterprise. I therefore sub-
mit the motion that the bill be postponed until
the next session of Congress, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In connection with this
subject I desire to present a resolution, and I
hope the Senate will take it under present con-
sideration. It is simply for the purpose of ob-
taining information from the War Department
and from the Interior Department with a view
to the ultimate cost and expense of building
this road, and the amount of transportation
which the Government will find it necessary to
have upon it. I hope the resolution will be
passed. It will lead to no debate, I am sure.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish to the Senate such information as may be
in the possession of the W ar Department touching the
probable cost of constructing a railroad on the route
mentioned in the charter of the Northern Pacific
Kailroad Company, together with estimates of the
probable amount of Government transportation on
said road, derived from such data as may be in his
power, and that the Secretary of the Interior render
him sueh aid he may call for in answering this res-
olution.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 448) to credit sea service to officers of
the Navy who have served during the war to
suppress the rebellion who may have resigned
prior to said rebellion; which was read twice
by its title and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
449) authorizing special juries in the District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions of the Senate without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 164) for the relief of Alois
Klaus;
A bill (S. No. 297) for the relief of the own-
ers of the British vessel Magicienne;
A bill (S. No. 352) granting to A. Sutro the
right of way and granting other privileges to
aid in the construction of a draining and ex-
ploring tunnel to the Comstock lode, in the
State of Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 414) to regulate the times and
manner of holding elections for Senators in
Congress;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 79) to authorize
the purchase for the Library of Congress of the
law library of James L. Pettigru, of South
Carolina; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) providing
for the appointment of a commission to ex-
amine and report upon certain claims of the
State of Iowa.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 224) granting lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of a south-
ern branch of the Union Pacific railway and
telegraph from Port Riley, Kansas, to Port
Smith, Arkansas, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had corrected the error in
the engrossment of its amendments to the bill
(S. No. 285) granting lands to the State of Kan-
sas to aid in the construction of the Kansas and
Neosho Valley railroad and its extension to
Red river, and had returned the bill and amend-
ments to the Senate, and asked the concurrence
of the Senate in the amendments.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing1 bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 480) to provide for and to
regulate the weighing of exports, and for other
purposes j and
A bill (H. R. No. 795) to authorize the entry
and clearance of vessels at the port of Calais,
Maine.
military peace establishment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the mili-
tary peace establishment of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply state that in
March last the Senate passed an Army bill,
which is the one now pending, and, some weeks
ago passed another. On the very day on
which we passed the last bill, the House of
Representatives took up our Army bill that had
lain for four months on their table, and passed
it with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute. I propose now to concur in that amend-
ment, first striking it all out after the word
"that," which is the first word in it, and insert-
ing a bill which is the same that we last passed,
with one or two small changes. I make that
motion now, and as the amendment I offer has
been passed by the Senate, it is not necessary
to read it. I suppose this will put the matter
in a shape that will lead-to a committee of
conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves that the amend-
ment made to this bill by the House of Repre-
sentatives bo amended by striking out. all after
theword "that" and inserting what he has sent
