1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3105
P. M. Myers, a broker in Wall street, and a nephew
of the Secretary, cannot be less than about one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. This is all wrong;
the Government has'all the machinery in motion
here in its Assistant Treasurer, Mr. Van Dyok, for
selling gold without one dollar for commission. -The
gold has to be counted out over tho counter of the
Assistant Treasurer and paid for there, and tho sales
can be made at thecounterof thesub-Treasuryniuch
better than by the nephew of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
"This P. M. Myers is a purchaser for the bccre-
tary of the Treasury of such Government securities
as lie wishes to purchase, and there must be a com-
mission paid for this."
I believe that the present Secretary of the
Treasury, after the position ho has taken,
should be held, as other public officers should
be held, to a strict accountability to the laws ;
that the law ought to be clear and definite. The
effect of it will be to create ill-will and com-
plaint in the Department. I have heard over
and over again since this provision was first
passed of complaints made in regard to it, and
it cannot be otherwise. I think it tends to
favoritism on the one hand, and on the other
to a subserviency that ought not to exist. 1
think these clerks ought to have their defined
salaries.
There is no disguising another matter, and
I think we have a right to meet it, and for one,
I choose to do it now, here and everywhere,
although I have ceased to have any anxieties
about the result, and I do not think anybody
now has much doubt about the result in the
country. There is no man living in America
who began so early, who has been so dogmatic,
domineering, and defiant in regard to the best
and holiest sentiments of the mass of the men
who brought this Administration into power as
the Secretary of the Treasury. He has gone
beyond any other public man in maintaining a
policy that ninety-nine out of every hundred
of the men wlio brought the Administration
inlo power always have opposed, and are op-
posed to to-day. As was said a moment ago
by the Senator from Michigan, when others
were retreating, when there were signs from
various quarters of coming down, and acknowl-
edging that there was a Congress of the Uni-
ted States, and a people and Congress together,
that there was a power in the country, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury rose here in this city,
and in a speech which I will not characterize,
assailed the Congress of the United States.
Under such circumstances, I, for one, do not
choose to put uncalled-for discretionary powers
in such an officer's hands to use to build up a
class of Department clerks who get together
and denounce Congress for its acts. I do not
want to encourage and reward that set of men.
Let the Secretary of the Treasury act under
authority of law well defined; and let every
man that fills an office under him, whether he
be a friend or foe. have his fixed salary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are two things
that I dislike very much, although perhaps it
is very bad taste in me to dislike them. One
is to seek the occasion of a mere matter of
business to make political speeches, dragging
politics into every bill that affords an oppor-
tunity to make a political speech upon. It
interrupts the ordinary course of business, cre-
ates bad feeling, and is, allow me to say, in
excessively bad taste. If it leads to any con-
clusion whatever, it is that politics is the only
subject upon which gentlemen feel at home
and can make a speech, and not upon matters
of business.
Another thing that I dislike, although that
is a matter of taste and Senators can do as
they please, is assailing absent men who are
not here to speak for themselves and defend
themselves. The habit in Congress of abus-
ing different individuals, not for particular acts
when those acts arc under discussion, but upon
matters of business, whenever a chance can be
got to do it. I think is in bad taste. I think,
moreover, that it has another effect, and that
is to injure ourselves exceedingly. The people
of this' country are a very sensible people, tak-
ing them as a whole, and I have the impres-
sion that they do not look upon that kind of
way of doing business as the most beneficial or
39th Cong}. 1st Rkss.—No. 195.
the mosff becoming in men who are presumed
to know how to do it; but as I said before, that
is a matter of taste and opinion upon which we
may well differ.
Now, sir, as the Secretary of the Treasury
is not here to speak for himself, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has seen fit to com-
ment upon him with some severity, I wish to
say a word on the other side. I do not believe
that at the present day anybody will suspect
me particularly of being in favor of the Presi-
dent's policy, so called. I have defined my
.position on that subject quite as distinctly as
anybody else ; but I do not want to talk about
it on an appropriation bill. I think we have
had quite enough occasions during this session
upon which wo could discuss all those ques-
tions, and that if we are to bring them up on
appropriation bills and other business matters
duringthe residue of the session, gentlemen will
not be likely to get away by the middle of July,
because we shall have it over and over again
upon the different subjects that conic up. 1
know* that the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury docs not at present stand m that relation
to Congress which I should like to have him
occupy; but I really believe that much of the
fault that is found with him as Secretary of the
Treasury nothing would have been said about
and no complaints made about if it had not
been that he did not agree with the majority
of Congress upon political subjects. It always
happens that when a gentleman who is at the
head of a Department or in any other public
position antagonizes with any party, majority
or minority, they criticise his acts with a feel-
ing and in a manner that they would not do if
he was their political friend; and therefore T
think such discussions in Congress, if they are
not called for, are exceedingly unprofitable.
I think the Secretary of the Treasury en-
deavors to perforin his duty as Secretary of the
Treasury honestly and faithfully. I did not
agree with him in the speech that he made in
response to a set of gentlemen who called upon
him the other evening to draw him out. I think
that speech was in bad taste, and an unfortu-
nate one, a portion of it. But I think that the
nature of the speech was rather due to the feet
that ho was not accustomed to public speaking,
and did not know where lie was going when he
began exactly, than to any other cause.
Mr. GRIMES. It was written out and com-
mitted to memory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the Senator's
opinion, not mine.
Mr. GRIMES. It is my opinion founded
on the fact that I was present at the time, and
heard him recall sentences just as a man always
does when he is attempting to recite a speech
that he has written out beforehand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why, sir, I recall sen-
tences when I am speaking, although I never
write speeches ; and so does the Senator from
Iowa, and every other Senator present.
Mr. GKIMES. That was altogether a differ-
ent matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only proving the
kind of jaundiced eve through which, or by the
help of which, the honorable Senator looks at
everything the Secretary of the Treasury does.
That is the amount of it. Now, treat every
man fairly. I do not agree with the Secretary
about that speech ; I think it was in very bad
taste, but I do not hold him responsible for any
design to insult Congress. Why, sir, if he in-
sulted anybody he insulted me. If wo weie
all " linkers" I have been placed in a position
where I was considerable of a tinker.
Several Senators. The chief.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The chief tinker, if yon
please. I did not think of taking any personal
offense. 1 do not believe that the Secretary
of the Treasury meant, to insult me or offend
mo, or anybody else, and I am not going to
abuse him for that reason, because if I did 1
should be guilty of very bad taste myself.
Now, sir, with regard to the other charge
that the honorable Senator made, that the Sec-
retary appointed men to office who could not
take the oath, I know how that was brought
about. He believed, and honestly believed,
and others believed with him, and to this day
I am very much of the same opinion myself,
(although I should not have taken the course
he did, because I think that a man is respon-
sible to the law, and he must obey the law,)
that in order to collect the revenue, he must
take the course he did; and it was not done
by himself of his own motion and alone. I do
not believe he is any more responsible for it
than many others, good and patriotic men, who
advised him to that course. It was a state of
things that came up owing to the settlement
of our controversies. It was necessary to col-
lect the revenue. We must have officers. The
Secretary believed that under the circumstances
the best thing that he could do was to appoint
these men, with the perfect understanding that
unless his act in doing so was confirmed, they
were not to be paid, according to the law; to
let them collect the revenue and let Congress
settle the question ; and he believed Congress
would settle it in a -particular way, and that is,
authorize, and they will authorize, the payment
of these men, although they will not repeal the
law. It is not proved which is right on that
subject of the revenue, whether Congress is <
right, or the Secretary. That remains to be
proved. But still, that being the law of the
land—men act differently—I should have let
the revenue go, and say, "There is the law,
and I cannot help it."
Mr. JOHNSON. I doubt that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think 1 should: I
might, and 1 might not. But I do not think a
man is to be visited with much indignation for
an error of judgment of that description. Many
others would have acted as he did ; and although
1 might not have done tho same thing, I never
fell like imputing fault to tho Secretary about
it. Now that Congress has considered the sub-
ject, and settled it, the matter is at an end.
How it will eventuate with regard to the col-
lection of the revenue in that country remains
to be seen ; I do not know.
That the Secretary supports the President iu
his policy is true. Therein he and I differj
and therein I differ with the President himself;
but we cannot remove the Secretary, and why
should we be continually bringing up that fact
in a matter of business'.' We are here to pro-
vide for the administration of the Department.
The question is, how it can be best adminis-
tered ; and gentlemen, in discussing the ques-
tion how it ean be bestadministered, talk about
the Secretary. Why, sir, that has nothing to
do with the question, if the Secretary is a man
who tries honestly to manage the affairs of his
Department successfully and well and •fairly ;
and that f really believe tho present Secretary
does. That he may make mistakes would be
true of any other man. I know I made some
when I was there; but nobody found it out and
talked about it, except the Democrats, and tliey
said I was mistaken from beginning to end. I
did not care a sixpence what they said, and do
not to this day ; but I knew I made some mis-
takes, and those they did not find out.
Mr. JOHNSON. You never told them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did not tell them. I
got along with them just as well as I could.
Any man would do so necessarily. But with
regard to the honest intentions of the present
Secretary of the Treasury to administer liiB
Depaitment fairly, faithfully, and for the good
of the country, so far as he is able to do so, I
have no manner of doubt whatever ; and I stand
here to sav so in spite of the fact that he sup-
ports the President's policy and 1 do not: and
[ do not mean, having those opinions with re-
gard to him, to have what I consider an injustice
done to him in that particular.
Now, sir. leaving that subject, and hoping
that politics will not again come into the ap-
propriation bills, (for my personal relations
with the Secretary are sueli as compel me to
bear testimony to his worth when -I hear him.
assailed thus publicly,) let us come to the
question that is before the Senate. The pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury is in no degree
responsible for it. If it is a bad principle, I
