1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
opinion was, I thought it would be better to
enlarge this appropriation a few thousand dol-
lars, and let iMiss Barton goon in her own way
precisely as she has been doing heretofore. I
think it is the sentiment of everybody who has
examined into the labor of Miss Barton in this
connection that she deserves well of Congress,
and that she has accomplished a most humane
and excellent work.
Mr. NBSMITH. I do not desire to be un-
derstood as interposing any obstacle or objec-
tion to the resolution. I simply made the in-
quiry for information. It was my own fault
that I was not present when the resolution was
considered by the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not understand the
Senator as opposing it.
Mr. NESMITH. Certainly I should be the
last Senator to interpose any objection to the
accomplishment of so laudable an _ object as
this. My simple object was to ascertain whether
there was any guarantee for the proper dis-
bursement of this money.
The joir.t resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WINXEBAGO RESERVATION IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 121.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. Mo.^ 121) to provide for
the enlargement of the Winnebago reservation,
in the Territory of Nebraska, and other pur-
poses.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have reported a substitute for the
entire bill, and I suggest, therefore, that the
substitute only be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be taken if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment reported
by the committee, which was to strike out all
of the bill after the enacting clause and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the President of the United States be, and he
hereby is, authorized to reserve from entry, sale, or
location tlie unoccupied and unsold sections and
parts of sections numbered thirteen, fourteen, twenty-
three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six. thirty-
five, and thirty-six, in township twenty-seven north,
of range eight; fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen,
nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-
three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six.^twenty-
seven. twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one,
thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, and
thirty-six, in township twenty-seven north, ot range
nine ; nineteen, twenty, twenty-nine, ana thirty, m
township twenty-seven north, of range ten east ot
the sixth principal meridian, in the territory ot JNe-
braska, or such portions of the sain© as he may deem
necessary for the purpose and to attach the same to
the reservation recently acquired by the Winnebago
Indians by purchase from the Omahas for their iuture
k°SEc! 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the President
:>f the United States be, and he is also hereby, author-
ot tue unueu states uc, mm
ized to purchase such portions of said sections as nave
been sold or otherwise legally disposed ot by the Uni-
ted States, together with the improvements thereon,
as he may deem necessary for the use and welfare ol
said Winnebago Indians, for which purpose the sum
of 860,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, is
hereby appropriated out of any uioneym the ire as
ury not otherwise appropriated; / rmuled, That be-
fore any portion of the amount appropriated by this
section shall bo drawn from the Treasury an appraise-
ment of such portions ot said sections as have been
sold or otherwise legally disposed of by the United
States, and of the improvements thereon, shall be
made by three discreet and disinterested men, to be
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior for that
puipo^e, who, before makingsucli appraisement, shall
severally take an oath that they wilt diligently in-
quire into and ascertain the actual ca^li value of paid
lands and improvements, anci will laitliiully, fairly,
and without partiality make and return an appraise-
ment of the same to the Secretary of the interior,
which appraisement shall be submitted to and exam-
ined by the superintendent of Indian affairs for the
northern superintendency for the time being, and the
a^ent lor the Winnebago Indians,who shall each make
oath that they havecarefullyexaminedsuch appraise-
ment, and that they believe the same to be a iair
iust, and impartial cash valuation and appraisement,
and shall also be approved by the Secretary of the
Interior; And provided farther, That no portion of
the sum so appropriated shall be expended m the
purchase of any portion of said lands at any Price
exceeding the valuation of the same as shown bysaid
aI^Ec'l^. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$100,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary lor
that purpose be, and the same is hereby, appropna-
39th Com 1st Ssss.—No. 15.
ted out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to enable the Secretary of the Interior
to reimburse the Winnebago trust fund for moneys
drawn therefrom and expended in their removal irom,
the State of Minnesota, the same to be invested by
the Secretary of the Interior in United States regis-
tered bonds, and the interest thereon to be paid an-
nually to the Winnebagoes, as their other annuities
ure paid, or expended lor their benefit, as the said
Secretary may deem best.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs whether this appropriation of $60,000 is
to be taken out of the Winnebago fund realized
out of the sale of their lands in Minnesota?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. The whole reservation was
ordered to be sold for their benefit, and I im-
agine that would yield a fund sufficiently large
to purchase any land they may require in their
new reservation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What the honorable
Senator says may be true, and yet it is not just
to the Winnebago Indians. The Winnebago
Indians were not engaged in that war in Min-
nesota. They were peaceable and had no part
in the massacre; but the Government of the
United States compelled them in fact to leave
the State of Minnesota, to give up their choice
lands on the Minnesota river, many of them
having good farms and good houses. They
were induced to go or pressed to go by assur-
ances on the part of this Government that their
removal should bo at our expense and not at
theirs. We took eighteen hundred or more of
them up on the Missouri river, and although
we promised them that they should have just
as good lands as they had in Minnesota, it is
the truth (and I say it in shame and sorrow)
that the lands to which we took them are bar-
ren. Many of the Indians suffered and almost
starved, and the Government was compelled
to take them away from the reservation on the
Upper Missouri, and permitted them to come
down on to the Omaha reservation, where they
have remained. It is but a matter of justice
that we ourselves should pay that expense and
not take it out of the fund which belongs to
these Winnebago Indians.
That was the sentiment of the committee,
and that course is strongly recommended by
the Interior Department, and is enforced by
the facts which are stated in the report of Mr.
Taylor, the superintendent of Indian affairs,
which accompanies the papers. I would read
from his report, if it was not taking up too much
time of the Senate, a brief statement of the facts.
I say to my honorable friend from Minnesota,
that in this ease, inasmuch as the Indians were
not at war and yet we pressed them to go under
the circumstances, with such assurances as were
made, it is injustice to this feeble band of peo-
ple if we insist that the expense of all this must
come out of their fund. That is my judgment
about it, and that is the judgment of the com-
mittee. ,
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a great sympathy
for the Winnebagoes ; 1 think they were very
hardly dealt with; but still, at the time, the
Government could do no otherwise than it did.
Nevertheless the fact is that they were removed
from a reservation of very valuable lauds—lands
that were of no especial use to the Indians, but
might be to white settlers in Minnesota. I think
tliey had twelve townships there. Those bands
have been ordered, by the legislation of Con-
gress within a year or two past, to be sold for
their benefit, and out of them they can cer-
tainly realize an abundant fund, quite sufficient
to purchase a new reservation for them. I do
not think there is any occasion to charge the
Treasury of the Government with this new pur-
chase, nor do I believe the Indians themselves
would be much benefited by it. I presume the
Government paid the expense of the removal
of the Indians. That is no charge upon their
fund. The Government placed them on this
reservation in Dakota, to which they were re-
moved, and now I think the expense of this
purchase in Nebraska may well be taken from
their fund, and they will still have a very large
amount realized out of the sale of the lands in
Minnesota. If I supposed tiiut they would be
benefited by any additional appropriation, X
should not oppose it; but I do sot think t&eyC
will be. From their character I do not thin}: .
they will profit by it. If it would be of' any
value to the Indians I should not make the
slightest objection; but I do not believe it will
be. The Government had much better keep
the money in its own Treasury, and at some
future day, if there is any occasion to make
them a donation of this kind, do it; but I
do not think, at this time, in their condition,
there is any occasion for it. The fund realized
out of the sale of their reservation in Minnesota
must yield much more than this. If they get
that money, in addition to our making this pur-
chase forthem, what will they dowithit? They
will buy horses with the money, ill all proba-
bility. This is a great passion which the Win-
nebagoes have.
Mr. GRIMES. And whisky.
Mr. RAMSEY. Whisky and horses, but
horses especially. Give them athousand horses,
and in twelve months there will not be one of
them left.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think my honorable
friend misapprehends the effect of this section.
It does not propose to give them any money at
all.
Mr. RAMSEY. But to leave in reserve a
large amount of money which they will receive
in some other shape.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It gives the interest to
the Winnebagoes.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not think it would bp
any kindness to them to save them this $6,000
per annum and take it out of the Treasury to
buy this land. It will be just as kind to them
to take the money from their own fund and buy
the land; and if the necessities of the Winne-
bagoes should at any time require, the Govern-
ment can take this amount of money out of the
Treasury and contribute it to their relief. I do
not know that they are in a condition at this
time to require it; I do not think they are.
What amount does this purchase comprehend,
I should like to know? There are but fifteen
hundred or sixteen hundred of these Indians
altogether.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have before me a map
sent down here from the Interior Department
which the Senate can look at. While my hon-
orable friend from Minnesota is examining the
map, I will call the attention of the Senate to
some facts.
These Winnebagoes, when they were re-
moved from their lands in Minnesota, went
with the assurance of the Government that they
should be removed to lands whore they could
earn their living, and that assurance entirely
failed. They have been fed out of their own
fund, using up, exhausting their fund in order
to support them, when we promised that they
should be removed at our expense and placed
upon good lands where they could make their
living and not eat up and exhaust their fund.
I think it is a very great hardship if we do not
• , P il _    . 1 AAC1 +
ca'-ry out this part of the arrangement at least
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the honorable chair-
man inform me whether the expense of their
removal from Minnesota to their new reserva-
tion in Nebraska was paid by the Government
or was a charge upon the Indian fund? If it
has been a charge upon their fund, of course it
ought to be reimbursed to them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that the
expense of their removal came out of their fund j
and the expense of their being fed while out m
this barren country on the upper Missouri has
come out of their fund ; and their fund bemg
exhausted in that way, is the very reason why
the Department urge that we should put this
S100,000into the Treasury to their credit, giving
them the interest of it. I think it is clearly a
Ca|L? RAMSEY. It is very singular that the
Government of the United States should have
taken these Indians without their own consent
and removed them and made the expense ot the
removal a charge upon themselves. Of course
if the chairman of the committee says so, it
must be so, but it seems to me very strange.
