1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. t I have before me a brief
history of the facts which if it is not trespassing
too much on the time of the Senate I will read.
Mr. GRIMES. Who writes that history?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is from the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. Who is he?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This report is made by
Mr. E. B. Taylor, superintendent of Indian
affairs, and Mr. Charles Matthewson, United
States Indian agent, which report accompanies
the recommendation of the Secretary of the In-
terior and the Commissioner of Indian ^Affairs.
In this report these gentlemen say:
" Soon after the massacre of the white settlers in
Minnesota by the Sioux it became apparent thatnot
only that tribe, but fill the Winnebagoes (who had
no complicity with the Indian murders) would bo
compelled to leave the State. Public sentiment in
Minnesota seemed to demand their removal, and ac-
cordingly an act of Congress was passed, (approved
February 21,1863,) providing for 'the removal of the
Winnebagoes and the salo of their reservation in Min-
nesota for their Ix^nelil:.* (See Annual Report Com-
missioner Indian Affairs for 1803, page 307.)
" This act provides ' that the President of the Uni-
ted States is authorized to assign and set apart for
the "Winnebago Indians a tract of unoccupied lands
equal m extent to their diminished reservation, (be-
yond the hmiN of any State,) the same to be well
adapted for agricultural purposes/
"The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for rho pur-
pose of complying with the requhxments of said act,
on the 10th of April, 1803, i^ued a letter of instruc-
tions to late Accent Baleoinbc, then in charge of the
tribe. (See page*.'!().">,,')()(vH)7, CommisMoncv-'s Report
18H3.) In this let! or the honorable (,'om minion or .says.
"* It has thus become the duty of the President to
set about their remo\al, and he has determined to
!t>i'iite t hem on the M Ksouri i i\'er, somewhere within
a hundred miles ot Jlanda.II, whero it is not
doubted they will be secure fiom any danger of in-
tni-ion lrom whites. Localities may be tound there
whero they can bo established with a river fiont, and
abundance of timber lor all necessary purposes, with
a rich and productive soil, easy of cultivation, where
they pan, with proper eflbits, live happily.
" * Superintendent Thompson has already trone for-
ward to make the proper select ion for their new homes,
and to purchase farming implements, animals, seeds,
nnd to engage artisans and laborers to build them
bouses and open farms, so as to make them more com-
fortable than they ha\ cover yet been. Kvorything
will be done foi t heir u el lure, ami they will be greatly
advantaged by (bechance. They will not only not bo
required to pay anything for the land they will oc-
cupy, but will receive, m such hum as will best ad-
vance their interest, the proceeds fiom the sale of
their present homes. You will evplain the ace:,m-
panymg net of Congress to the. h.ui.uis at the proper
tune, and the advent ages that will i c?>ult to them lrom
an early compliance therewirh, and direct all your
energies to that end.'" * * * i + •!
" ' I am well aware of the reluctance of the "Winne-
b'ttfoeq to abandon their present resorvation, and I
regret the necessity of t heir so doing, but [ am equally
satished the provision which is being made tor them
will be for their benefit, and you will fail in no efloit
lo convince thein of it.'
"Agent Balcombe complied faithfully with these
instructions. He ' failed m no effort toeouvmee them '
that their kmiiovuI would be'for their benefit.' He
toid them they were to bo made ' more comfort able
in their new homes than they hail over yet been ; that
they were, to be ^really advantaged by the change;'
that they Wei e not to bo required to pay anything foi
the land they were to occupy. All of these induce-
ments* and assurances had been made by the proper
authorises of the, Government. and the'a^ent had a
riirht to believe that they would be faithfully com-
plied with.
*'] Thus alined, the "Winnebafsoes peacefully left,
their comfort a hie homes in Minnesota, where they had
been <unouuded by all tiie comlorts ot civilization.
They were huddled together (nearly two thousand
souls) on strum boa Is and I I ed down t he Al i -
Mv-i.opi, lrom Ma.ukota.to (he motif h of the Missouri,
and up the M i^hiii i to (Yo\y ci eek, in Dakota Ter-
ritory There thev weie located b.\ Su| ei intenden'
j'liw- -  <-<ni.\v!to h.td bei n aut hoi i/i'd to make a « {>er
M'lecl ion' ioj ihrw, *>:  " .,!.•> - f r„ty Sahara of
si ei i ill v and d'^ohUiou, where no amount ot labor
will a\ .n Uo pi oduce a crop. Agent Ba loom be, alt er
becoming satisfied that this reservation was utterly
wm lilies l«>r agi icult ural purposes, so inlormed the
l)cp.i! fni'Mif. Acting Coinmis-ionn Mix, on the le-
ceipt of tins lnlormation, addrc sed a letter to the
agent, i see page 3^1 Co mm!.--lonerV Ueport, 1803.) from
which we make tiie following extract:
" ' You will infoj m them (the Wiunebagoos) that in
case their present location is found nnsuited to then-
wants, measures will be taken to secure tor them else-
where a location that fdnill not be liable to t-uch an
objection.' 'It is the determination of their Great
Father that a home that shall be healthy, pleasant,
and fertile shall be furnished to them at the earliest
practicable moment. I desire to impress upon >our
mind, and through you upon the Indians, that it is
the intention of the Government to deal with them
in good faith, and tu fulfill all the promises made to
them; aud, fmther, that in carrying this intention
into effect no unnecessary delay will be peunitted,
and m the mean time they will be supplied with the
necessary means of subsistence.'
These promises, under the circumstances, were
eminently just and proper. That they should have
been faithfully fulfilled no one will question. "What
are the facts ? They were removed at their own ex-
pense. One hundred thousand dollars of their trust
bonds were retained to meet this expenditure. They
have been subsisted from the day of their removal
to the present time from their own funds. And so
anxious are these poor people to obtain homes for
themselves, where they can subsist by honest indus-
try, that they have agreed with the Omahas to pay
them $50,000 for the reservation which they have re-
cently purchased, and to bear all the expenses of
fitting it up and providing themselves with horses,
farming implements, &c. The Government should
not permit this sacrifice on the part of this much-
abused tribe. Their new homes should bepurehased
for them without cost to their tribal fund. The cost
of their subsistence since their removal should be
reimbursed to them by the Government, and they
should be rendered comfortable and self-sustaining
at the earliest practicable moment. In every coun-
cil which wo have held with this tribe they recur to
those promises on the part of the Government, and
ask us why it is that the Winnebagoes, who have
always been peaceful and loyal, should bo thus
treated. Wo can only answer that tho Government
means to deal justly by them, and that their wrongs
will be speedily righted. "Wo sincerely hope that the
present year will vindicate the sincerity of these oft-
repeated promises, and that justice, though tardy in
its accomplishment, will be ample and complete."
Now, Mr. President, they have gone down
with the Omahas, and the arrangement has
been made to purchase a. part of the Omaha
reserve for them. This bill proposes to set
apart certain sections of our public lauds. On
a portion ol those lands there are some persons
who have sonic claim of right or title, and the
bill provides that for the purpose of gutting
those rights settled, a sum of money may be
expended under the diiection of the Secretary
oft.be Interior under the provisions of the sec-
ond section, which is as well guarded as a sec-
tion can possibly be drawn, I believe, to secuie
its proper and just expenditure ; and the third
section provider that $100,000 shall be set
apart in the Treasury for their benefit, and that
the interest of if shall be paid to them us apart
of their fund. Under the circumstances if cer-
tainly appeals lo mo as but an act of justice,
which i cannot deny, that the recommendation
of the Department shall be carried out.
Mr. RAMSEY. The reservation in Minne-
sota nmsl.have comprised nearly three hundred
thousand acres of land. Such land is selling
at from two to live dollars an acre. It must
yield them more than live hundred thousand
dollars. There can be no impropriety on the
part of the Government in asking of these In-
dians to pay for this new reservation. Ofcourse
the expense of their removal from Minnesota
to their new reservation in Nebraska ought to
be borne by the Government, but for myself I
should like to inquire whether or not this has
been done before passing on thismatler. The
sympathies of the Senator from Wisconsin are
perpetually drawn out for these Indians when-
cvt r their removal is spoken of. lie ought to
remember that in the year 1.SI52 they were re-
lroved lrom Wisconsin just as violently as they
l.ave been from Minnesota. They were taken
'/mm Wisconsin and carried into Iowa in 1<S: 2,
and they have had three or four removals since
then. They were then removed from the coun-
ties just immediately in the rear of the Sen-
ator's town.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and t he amendment was concurred in. 'The
bill was ordered to he engrossed for a third
leading, and was read the third time.
Mr. IIOWH. Belbie the bill is passed. T
wij-h to ask my colleague, the chairman of the
committee, if he knows what portion of tho
hinds which the bill proposes to set aside for
the use of the Winnebago Indians, have been
purchased and are now owned by individuals.
I tow much will the Government have to pur-
chase?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ilere is the map fur-
nished by the Department with the names of
the persons claiming any portion of these lands.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have that
question answered, and 1 should like further-
more to know how much land it is proposed to
set apart for the Winnebago Indians.
Mr. HOW E. I see that it is thirty-four sec-
tions, or about twenty-two thousand acres.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is rather difficult for
me to explain in words, without looking at the
map, the situation of this land which is pro-
posed to be added by the Government to the
reservation which has been obtained for the
"Winnebagoes. The reservation is bounded on
the east by the Missouri river. The Govern-
ment proposes to grant the sections named in
the bill, thirty-four sections which are repre-
sented on the map. In a portion of the coun-
try there are some private individuals who have
gone in upon the lands. The proposal is to
purchase out the claims of these individuals
up to a certain lake which is called on the map
"Fish Lake," which abounds in fish. They
will have the control of this section without
any whites in their neighborhood.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the prop-
osition is to add to the lands that are already
devoted to the uses of the Winnebago Indians,
and which embrace several million acres of
land, some thirty-four sections, or aboutatown-
ship, for which wo are to appropriate some
sixty thousand dollars. 1 am going to vote
against that, proposition, and I will state the
reason why.
When I first knew anything about the Win-
nebago Indians they were, as the Senator from
Minnesota has said, situated in Wisconsin.
The Government bought out their reservation
there—a purchase made lor the benefit of their
traders and Indian agents and persons con-
nected with them—and sent them over into
Iowa. After they had been in Iowa a certain
number of years, the Government bought them
out again, tho principal part of the money going
into the hands of the men who were connected
or associated with the Indians, their agents,
traders, blacksmiths, and other parties. After
remaining there a few years they were bought
out again, and sent into Minnchota, and there
they have sold out their lands, realizing, as the
Senator from Minnesota has stated, about half
a million dollars, and have been sent over into
Dakota, where they had set apart to them sev-
eral million acres of land. Next year, or the
year after next, when the pockets of the gentle-
men who arc conncctcd with these Indians shall
have been nearly exhausted of their money,
there will be strenuous efforts made to induce
us to make an appropriation to enter into nego-
tiations again with these Indians to remove
them to some other Territory. There are only
fourteen hundred of these Indians altogether.
You have already assigned to them several mil-
lion acres, and why do you propose to add
thirty-four sections more, and to buy out white
settlers, men who have gone there to make bona
fide, impro\ements, and lnt\e established their
homes and their farms for the purpose of tak-
ing their land and setting it aside for the ben-
etit of these Indians, that thev may establish
barbarism where civilization now exists?
But it is said the land assigned to these In-
dians is not productive; that they cannot sus-
tain themselves. Sir, they will not sustain
themselves, send them where you may; you
cannot make them produce anything; you can-
not make agriculturists of them. T suspect
the Senator from Minnesota will so inform you,
and he has lived in their neighborhood, he has
treated with them, he has been Governor over
them, and he knows something about them. I
suspect that he can tell you that all they need and
all they will cultivate during any one year will
be live or six acres of bottom land, where they
will raise a little squaw corn, and five or six
acres of land with a running stream, where they
can occasionally fish, is all the land they want.
Mr. COWAN. This is lo give them a lake
to fish in.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to give them
the lake, but I do not want to buy the land.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read from the
printed document which 1 hold in my hand on
the subject—the report of the superintendent
of Indian affairs, upon which the recommenda-
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the
Secretary of the Interior is based.
Mr. POMEROY. The present Secretary or
the former Secretary?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. ThepresentSccretary.
