THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
grant, donation, loan, or power, franchise, aid, or as-
sistance, to its own use for the purpose aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A. message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following Senate bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 149) for the relief of Daniel
Winslow;
A bill (S. No. 281) to authorize the Chesa-
peake Bay and Potomac River Tidewater
Canal Company to enter the District of Co-
lumbia and extend their canal to the Anacos-
tia river: and
A bill (S. No. 374) for the relief of James
P. Johnson.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
Senate bill and joint resolutions, with amend-
ments to Oiich, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 3'J) to amend the acts relating
to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of New
York;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 31) manifesting
the sense of Congress toward the officers and
seamen of the vessels, and others, engaged in
■ the rescue of the officers and soldiers of the
Army, the passengers, and the officers and
crew of the steamship San Francisco from
perishing with the wreck of that vessel; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) providing
for the examination of the accounts of the
State of Massachusetts for moneys expended
during the war for coast defense.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives has passed the following
bills and joint resolution, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. li. No. 797) granting a pension
to Daniel Lucas;
A bill (H. R. No. 798) for the relief of
Quincy A. May; and
A joint resolution i'H. R. No. 104) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to pay
Charles M. Pott a pension of fifteen dollars
per month.
MILWAUKEE AND ROCK RIVER CANAL.
_ Mr. HOWE. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate joint resolution No. 10Z
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 102) construing and giv-
ing effect to the joint resolution entitled "A
resolution for the relief of the State of Wiscon-
sin," approved July 1, 1864, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
so to construe the resolution for the relief of
the State of Wisconsin, dated July 1, 18G4, as
to entitle the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal
Company to reimbursement, out of the canal
land fund therein mentioned, for the amounts
which are proved to have been paid out by it
for interest in carrying on the work mentioned
in the former resolution in the same manner
as for other sums by it expended ; also for the
amount which is proved to have been expended
by it in necessary repairs and management of
the canal after the date of the resolution, but
before the date of the settlement made there-
under ; but the company is not to receive more
than the amount of the residue of the trust
fund arising from the sale of the canal lands
charged against the State in the settlement and
not heretofore paid over to the company; and
the Secretary of the interior is to complete
the settlement by making these further allow-
ances to the company up to the amount of the
residue of the canal lands fund, and they are
to be paid to the company out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
404) to regulate the selection of grand and
petit jurors in the Territory of Utah, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A joint resolution was
passed a moment ago without attracting any
attention ; I did not myself observe it until it
was on its passage; and I desire to move a
reconsideration oi the vote by which it was
passed. I refer to the joint resolution to settle
certain matters with the State of Wisconsin.
I do not recollect the title of it. It is a sub-
ject which the Committee on the Judiciary had
under consideration for several weeks and
investigated very elaborately, and we were
divided as nearly as a committee could be
divided on such a question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator wish the question put on the motion
to reconsider at the present time ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the motion to
reconsider entered, to bring it before the Sen-
ate, that the Senate may understand what the
resolution is. I do not wish to delay it; I am
willing to dispose of it now; but I think that it
is'a resolution that- ought not to pass. It is a
resolution that takes $25,000 out of the Treas-
ury, in my judgment, without the least particle
of claim.
Mr. HOWE. I of course shall have no
objection to the Senator entering that motion
when the motion can be entertained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a privileged" mo-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I understand there is another
subject before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can enter the motion,
I presume. It is a privileged motion that I
can make at any time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
proper motion, and the Chair can entertain it.
Mr. HOWE. I would inquire if a motion
to reconsider can be entered while another
question is pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it can. It can be entered at any time,
being a privileged motion; but when another
subject is pending, it cannot be put without
common consent.
Mr. HOWE. Then the effect of a motion
to reconsider may be the most fatal possible, be-
cause it gives the enemies of a bill all the bene-
fit of tying up the bill, preventing the progress
of the bill, and still subjecting the other side
to the risk of being able to get the motion
taken up.
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
motion is not taken up, the bil,l would stand
passed. The entering of the motion does not
annul the vote of the Senate passing the bill.
Unless the motion is considered the bill stands
passed.
Mr. HOWE. If the motion has no other
effect I have no objection.
Mr. CLARK. I think that has not been the
ruling of the Senate. - I think the motion to
reconsider detains the bill here until it is dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It detains
it unquestionably, but the bill stands as passed
unless the Senate vote to reconsider it.
Mr. HOWE. Of course 1 shall submit to
the ruling of the Chair, but it really seems to
me the motion ought not to be entertained
except when the Senate are prepared to con-
sider the motion. It should be made on the
conditions that all other motions are.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will permit me
to suggest that that cannot be so, because the
time for entering a motion to reconsider is lim-
ited to two days. It is, therefore, considered
a privileged motion, to be made at any time
within the two days. It may not be considered
for a month afterwards.
Mr. HOWE. I believe the bill before the
Senate is one which was taken up on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio. I wish he would
allow it to go over.
Mr. WADE. There are but a few minutes
of the morning hour left for anything.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another bill pending—the bill called up on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator con-
sents to have that bill laid aside.
Mr.WADE. It is along bill, and I suppose
there is not time to go through with it before
the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to make a
report from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chaii
will receive it if there be no objection.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to thebill
(H.R.387) making appropriationsforthe current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1867, having met
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House ofRepresentativesrecedefrom their
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate num-
bered 9,10,11, 12, 18, 22, 23, 24, 25. 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31,
32, 33, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45,46, 47,48. 49. 50, 51.53,
54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59. 60, 61, 62, 63, 64,65, 66, 67, 68,69, 70,
71,72,73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80. 81, 82, 83, 84, 85. 86, 87,
88, 89, 90, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97. 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103,
104,105,106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 111, 112, and 113. and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from theirseventeentb, one
hundred and fourteenth, and one hundred and fif-
teenth amendments.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
theamendmentof the House to thesixth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the one hundred and
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the secondamendmentof the Senate,'and agree to
the same with amendments as follows: in line one,
after the word "for," insert the following words:
"gratuitous for;" andin line four ofsaid amendment,
before the word "thousand," strike out the woid
"five" and insert in lieu the word "three;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
eighteen, page 16, of the engrossed bill, strike out the
words " last of ten " and insert in lieu thereof the
words "ninth of ten;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
three of said amendment, after the word "in," insert
the words " money or;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in line
four, )jage 17, of the engrossed bill, strike out the
words "last of ten,"and insert inlieu "ninth of ten;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twentieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
seventeen, page 17, of the engrossed bill, strike out
the following: "last of five," and insert in lieu the
words "fourth of five;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
thirteen, page 18, of the engrossed bill, strika out the
words last of ten," and insert in lieu the words
ninth of ten;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eighteenth amendment of the
kenate, and agree to the same with an amendment
as follows: add to the end of said amendment tho
following proviso: "Provided, That no part of the
money hereby appropriated shall be paid until a full
examination shall be made by the Secretary of the
Interior and the First Comptroller of the Treasury;
and they snail ascertain that the money is justly and
equitablydue under contracts made and executed in
entire good faith and for neccssary supplies actually
delivered to the Indians as aforesaid, at reasonahlo
prices, and for this purpose the Comptroller is hereby
authorized to take testimony and state the amount
due said,contractors upon principles of equity; and
no money shall be paid or allowed on accountof sup-
plies furnished after the passage of this act."
lhat the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
one oi said amendment strike out the words " Chey-
ennes, Arapahoes an;" and tho Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and nineteenth amendment of the
senate, and agree to the same with amendments as
follows: m line four of said amendment, after the
^°?d bond," insert tho following words: "to tho
Ji? ; States." And in line seven, after the word
trade,' insert the following words: "or by the Uni*
