2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
rule that lias been regarded as the true rule by
all careful, considerate statesmen for many
years. The spontaneous vote I before gave I
am bound to change, for I think that, then I was
•wrong, .and now 1 will try to be right. _ I shall
therefore vote against the reconsideration.
Mr. IIENDEBSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 24, 18GG.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. IIexry W. Bellows.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
JACOB P. LJOTiSK.
Mr. BID WELL asked unanimous consent to
offer the following joint resolution :
Iicsohed hi/ the Senate and Jlouse of Iiepreneniatives
of the United Staten of America in i})ngre.Ht aixcmblrd,
That the Secretary of the Treasnrv is hereby author-
ized anil direetedto pay to Jacob P.Ijeose, out of the
appropriation made "tor the ptiyment of judgments
to be rendered by the Court of Claims," under the
act approved Juno 25, 1801, the amount. of his etaim,
as fixed by a decision of the Court of Claims, ren-
dered December 24, 15(jU.
Mr. WASIIBUKNE, of Illinois. I object.
TELHliKAl'Il TO TUB WEST INDIES.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Commerce Sen-
ate bill No. concerning telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and the
island of Cuba, and other West India islands,
and the Bahamas. Amendments have been
made to ob\ialo all the objections which were
raised when the bill was before the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object, and call for the
regular order.
NI \({ AltA 1'AbLS PHIP-OANAIj.
The House accordingly proceeded to tlie con-
sideration of the special order of business,
being the call of committees for reports, the
pending (jucslion bcii'i.g the bill reported by the
Committee on K'oads and Canals, providing for
a ship-oamil around the fails of Niagara, upon
which Mr. Y.w lloux, of .New York, was enti-
tled to the lloor.
Mr. llULBUltl). By an agreement between
the gentleman who reported this bill [Mr. Van-
Horn, of New York, j and myself, 1 will oc-
cupy the remainder of his time.
I desire to call the attention of the House
to the nnportane.e of a ship-canal around the
falls of Niagara on the American side, not only
as a military measure, but as a commercial
necessity.
1 n the latter view, it is needed and demanded
by some lil'teen Slates of this Union. There
are directly interested in its construction some
ten million people.
1 piopo.'.e to occupy the biief time allotted
me in first n'-king the consideration of the mil-
itary aspocl of the question.
Jt is well known that by the treaty between
this country and Great Britain neither nation
is allowed to have more than one armed vessel
on Lake Ontario and two on the upper lakes.
But by means of its natural rivers and the
construction of different canals Canada or the
British Government can at any time build and
accumulate gunboats or other war vessels and
precipitate them upon the lakes : and all this
preparation it can make in its own waters and
of course without infringing the international
treaty. It was stated a year ago, whether cor-
rectly or not 1 cannot say, that Great Britain
then had a hundred gunboats ready, if need
he, to throw them upon Lake Ontario. It must
not he forgotten that Lake Ontario is the key
porition of the lakes if we arc at war with
Great Britain, or, what is the same thing,
with Canada.
We had upon that, lake a single vessel only
to meet that force; and we by the terms of the
treaty could have no more, and we had no
rivers or large canals upon which we could
build and store more, and have them in read-
iness. Now, oneobject of the construction of
the Niagara ship-canal is to enable the United
States in case of war, if need be, to make use
of our large upper lake fleet-of vessels, which
could be speedily fitted for such use. On On-
tario our merchant marine is outnumbered.
On the upper lakes we greatly outnumber the
Canadian or British marine.
It may be said that there is no speck of war
on the northern frontier at the present time;
that therefore this is but a contingent danger
to be provided against; that we can guard
against that, if need be, by volunteers or mili-
tia that may be called into service. I an-
swer that the experience of the war out of
which we have come, shows that even with a
half million or million armed men we could
not, or did not, guard effectually the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad or the Baltimore and Cum-
berland canal, so as to prevent forays or raids.
Such an experience shows that the great and
long canal of the State of New York, so neces-
sary and so important to the West and East, is
liable to be pierced and broken at any time by
a hostile invasion.
There is another feature in this case. Be-
tween Chicago and Ogdensburg, there are some
fourteen hundred miles of natural navigation,
with the single interruption of the falls of Niag-
ara. Canada on its side has constructed the
Welland canal, forty-two miles in length, with
a second opening on the lake, shortening it to
thirty-two tniies, with twenty-eight locks of the
dimensions of one hundred and eighty by twenty-
six and a half feet. This bill proposes to con-
struct a canal around the falls of Niagara,
makingthe distance but eight miles, with much
larger capacity in prism and in size of locks.
Thus, in caseofditlieulty wilhCanada,insteadof
having one hundred and fifty miles to guard to
prevent interruption of commerce between the
East and West, wesliould have only eight miles
to protect..
Now, Mr. Speaker, it may be said that this
is now a minor consideration. I admit that it
has not the importance which it once had. But
when it is considered by this House that on
those inland lakes there floats a commercial
interest twice greater than the entire foreign
c.ommercc of the United States, it is manifest
at once that there is on these lakes an interest
that should be cared for. While wo are making
appropriations year by year to build and fit
up and strengthen fortifications to protect our
Atlantic coast, is there not a reason why, in a
military point of view, we should have respect
to the great, interests of the North and of the
West to bo seriously affected and impaired in
case of war by a direct interruption of com-
mercial communication ?
An order in council now shuts at any time the
Welland canal against American bottoms, and
since the termination of the reciprocity treaty
this maybe done without a moment's previous
notice, as there are no treaty stipulations to pre-
vent it. Beiidep, the Canadian authorities dis-
criminate already against. American commerce
by refunding to Canadian vessels ninety per
cent, of the duties, and exacting one hundred
per cent, of the duties paid by American ves-
sels. unless these American vessels discharge
their cargoes at Montreal or some other Cana-
dian port, or go out to sea by the way of the
Gulf of St. Lawrence. These are reasons, in
a military point of view, which to my mind
I have a direct bearing on the propriety of the
i construction of this canal by the Federal Gov-
ernment.
In a commercial point of view it is stated,
and with truth, that, the commerce of the lakes
has vastly, rapidly increased. In 18-10 the first
vessel left Chicago with three thousand bushels
of wheat for the East. Five years afterward
the shipping trade of the lakes with the East
was so large that Congress was called upon and
passed a special act extending the admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction of the Federal dis-
trict courts to the lakes and navigable waters
connecting the same.
Six years later, in 1851, the constitutionality
of that act was raised, and after solemn argu-
ment was settled in the Supreme Court against
the technical objection that as there was no ebb
and flow of tide those inland lakes could not
be covered by the Kgis of admiralty.
In delivering the opinion of the court, the
Chief Justice took the broad ground that, tide
or 110 tide, these lakes were, in truth, great
inland seas, bordered by different States on one
side and having on the other a long foreign
frontier line of three thousand miles;_ that on
them already existed a great and growing com-
merce between numerous States and a foreign
nation; that on these lakes hostile fleets had
encountered each other; and admiralty juris-
diction had already necessarily been, indirectly
at least, extended and recognized.
To such importance and magnitude had com-
mercial interests and rights thus early grown
(1851) that he held, substantially, it would be
contrary to the first principles on which the
Union was formed to confine admiralty rights
and privileges to States bordering on the At-
lantic, and to tide-water navigation therewith
connected, and to deny such rights to the citi-
zens who border on the lakes. Certainly the
Chief Justice intimated such was not the inten-
tion of the framers of the Constitution, one
object of which, with them, was a perfect
equality in the rights and the privileges of the
citizens of the different States, not only in tho
laws of the General Government, but in the
mode ofadministering them. That equality does
not exist if the commerce on the lakes is denied
the benefits and the protection which the Con-
stitution secures to the States bordering on
the Atlantic. Of course I refer to Chief Jus-
tice Taney's opinion in the well-known case
in Howard's Reports, known as the Genesee
Chief case.
Now, sir, if it is found that the present ave-
nues of commerce and trade are inadequate,
and it has been found by observation and by
instrumental examination that only within the
State of New York'is there that natural dip or
depression of land lying north of the mountain
ranges and south of the frontier lino, then we
must look at existing outlets or easements of
trade and commerce in operation or projected
within the boundaries of that State.
Now, within that State is tho New York and
Erie railroad, which does what it can; the New
York Central railroad, which also does what it
can; and there is the New York and Erie canal,
three hundred and fifty miles in length ; adding
ten per cent, for the six hundred and fourteen
feel rise and fall of elevation, makes a working
length of four hundred and fourteen miles ; a
canal of narrow prism, of numerous locks, and
which is simply able to receive and carry boats
of two hundred and twenty-four tons burden.
It has been stated by the official authorities
of that State that for three years the capacity
of that canal has been tested to its utmost to
provide transportation for the products of the
States of tho great West, connected with or
bordering the upper lakes.
When the State of Illinois has but one eighth
of her land under cultivation; when the other
States of the West have but one tenth of their
land under cultivation, with present facilities—•
and there is no_ immediate prospect of their
increase—what is to become of the products
of these States ten or twenty years hence, when
they shall have, perhaps, the half of their tilla-
ble acres under cultivation? Where will they
find an outlet? Shall wc be told that they can
go down tho Mississippi? That may answer
for certain portions of the cercals of the West,
wheat., &c., but it is very well known that there
is a serious objection to that route by reason
of the heat of the climate for the transporta-
tion of corn to and its export from the port of
New Orleans. If I recollect aright, never in
any single year has the export of corn from
the port of New Orleans exceeded two hun-
dred and fifty thousand bushels, while the Erie
and Oswego canals of the State of New York
alone have transported a million and a million
and a half bushels a year.
But even if the Mississippi river was deep
enough, and its channel rendered navigable for
