122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
endeavoring, through four years of war, to re-
Store them and make them what they were before
the war. The victory in the field has given us
the means of doing this; we can now reestablish
the practical relations of those States to the
Government. Our actual jurisdiction over
them,, which they vainly attempted to throw oft',
,is already restored. The .eonquest wo have
achieved is a conquest over the rebellion, not-a
conquest over the States whose authority the
rebellion had for a time subverted.
• For these reasons I think the views submit-
ted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] upon this point are unsound. Let
jn,e next cite some of the consequences which,
it seems to me, must follow the acceptance of
his position. If, as he asserts, we have been
waging war with an independent Power, with a
separate nation, I cannot see how .we can talk
of treason in connection with our recent conflict
or demand the execution of Davis or anybody
else as a traitor. Certainly if we were at war
with any other foreign Power we should not
talk of the treason of those who were opposed
to us in the field. If we were engaged in a war
with France and should take as prisoner the
Emperor Napoleon, certainly we could nottalk
of him as a traitor or as liable to execution. I
think that by adopting any such assumption as
that of the honorable gentleman, we surrender
the whole idea of treason and the punishment
of traitors. I think, moreover, that we accept,
virtually and practically, the doctrine of State
sovereignty, the right of a State to withdraw
.from the Union, and to break up the Union at
its own will and pleasure. I do not see how
upon those premises we can escape that conclu-
sion. If the States that engaged in the late
rebellion constituted themselves, by their ordi-
nances of secession or by any of the acts with
which they followed those ordinances, a sepa-
rate and independent Power, I do not see how
we can deny the principles on which they pro-
fessed to act, or refuse assent to their practical
results. I have heard no clearer, no stronger
statement of the doctrine of State sovereignty
as paramount to the sovereignly of the nation
than would be involved in such a concession.
Whether he intended it or not, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] actually as-
sents to the extreme doctrines of the advocates
of secession.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg leave to inquire of
the gentleman whether the theory of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania- which he is combat-
ing, would not also, if carried to its legitimate
consequences, make those who resisted the
confederacy in the insurrectionary Slates guilty
of treason to the confederacy or to those
States ?
Mr. RAYMOND. I was just going to remark
that another of the consequences of this doc-
trine, as it Beems to me, would be our inability
to talk of loyal men in the South. Loyal to
what ? Loyal to a foreign, independent Power,
as the United Suites would becomounderthose
circumstances? Certainly not. Simply disloyal
to. their own Government, and deserters. 01
whatever yon may choose to call them, from
that to which they would owe allegiance to a
foreign and independent State.
Now, there is another consequence of the doe- !
trine which 1 shall not dwell upon, but simply j
suggest. If that confederacy was an independ-
ent Power, a separate nation, it had the right
to contract debts: and we, having overthrown i
and conquered that independent Power, accord-
ing to the theory of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, would become the successor?, the in-
heritors, of its debts and --is - . and we must
pay them. Sir, that is not simply a theory or
a claim thrown out in debate here; it is one i
advanced on behalf of the Go\ eminent of (J-reat
Britain as against us. Every centloman will !
remember the case in which cotton belonging
to the southern confederacy was claimed in
Liverpool, and the decision there was 
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow !
me to ask him a question? I
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly. !
Mr. JENCKES. From what information t
does the gentleman state that that point was
taken bv the Government of Great Britain?
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, sir, I do not mean
to be understood as saying that the point was
taken by the Government of Great Britain
itself 
Mr. JENCKES. That is a very essential
distinction.
Mr. RAYMOND. But that the point was
taken on behalf of the claimants in Great Brit-
ain, and the Vice Chancellor of England gave
a decision which substantially covered that
point and asserted the doctrine I have stated.
Mr. JEN CKES. But which is not law either
in England or in any other country recognizing
international law.
Mr. RAYMOND. That is a matter between
the honorable gentleman from Rhode Island
and the Vice Chancellor of Great Britain. The
point I wish to make is simply this, that our
Government has denied from the beginning, and
denies now. that the confederacy was ever such
a corporation, such an independent body of
men as could contract debts, whether we are
liable for them or not. The declaration of our
Secretary of State in his recent correspond-
ence on that subject shows that we have always
steadily denied that the confederacy was such
a corporation as could contract a valid debt,
whether we would be made responsible for it or
not. But one thing is very clear, thatif we rec-
ognize the doctrine that those lately in rebellion
against our Government constituted an inde-
pendent Power, we must concede their ability to
contract debts. Whether we as their successors
are to pay them or not is another question, but
the claim has been made, and denied only 011
the ground of the incapacity of the rebel con-
federacy to contract debts or binding engage-
ments of any sort.
Now. sir, I have dwelt upon these points
longer than I intended. I do not think that the
doctrine I have been combating is held by any
considerable number of the people of this coun-
try, or, indeed, by any considerable number of
the members of tliis House. I certainly do not
think these States are to be dealt with by us as
provinces—as simply so much territory—held
to us by 110 other tics than those of eonquest.
I think we are to deal with them as States,
having State governments, still subject to the
jurisdiction of the Constitution and laws of the
L1 nited. States; still under the constitutional
control of the national Government: and that,
in our dealing's with them we are to be guided
and governed, not simply by our sovereign will
and pleasure as conquerors, but by the restric-
tions and limitations of the Constitution of the
United States—precisely as wo ore restrained
and limited in our dealings with all other States
of the American Union.
Mr. FA LC.NS WORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman from New York whether he is
entirely sure we have the right to try Jefferson
Davis for treason inasmuch as our Government
has given to them belligerent rights, has reeog-
! nized and respected the commissions that he
has issued?
Mr. KAYJIOND. I have no doubt of it; not
the slightest. S do not think that the treason
of Jei*r'ei>on Davis has anything to do with the
fact that we conccded humane treatment to our
prisoners of war. I merely alluded to the mat-
ter —I might have elaborated it—when 1 said
that beeausc we had granted to these States,
as a Power '(raging war, rights usually ac-
corded to nations at war, we were not there-
fore concluded from proceeding against them
as traitor^.
The decision of the Supremo Court, to which
I have o;ico referred, if I understand it aright,
asserts that we lurse the right to proceed
aeain^t them a  traitors, or rather that \ye had
the right to exorcise against them both the
powers df sovereignty and of belligerents: that
the oue did not exclude the other. It would be
an extraordinary circumstance if. because we i
treated them humanely as prisoners of war, >
we have not the right to hold them responsible |
to the laws they have broken. j
" ft is a proposition never doubted"— I
says Justice Grier, in the decision so 'often re-
ferred to—
'! "that the brUivr'-rtt party who claonz to he sovcr-
; e mi man exorcise both IxJUvjcrent owl novere-'wa riohta
'■ Treating the other p;>rty a.s a belligerent, and using
ij only the milder oi coercion which the law of
!1 nations has intro-lueod to miticr-ilo the vigors of war,
cannot be a subject of complaint, [or of claim,] by the
party to whom it is accorded as a grace or granted as
a necessity.''
Now, if according to the view I have pre-
sented, we are to deal with those States as
Stales within the Union, the next question that
recurs is, how are we to deal with them? The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Fixck] who pre-
j ceded me took the ground that they had only
! to resume their places and their powers in the
national Government—that their Represent-
atives have only to come into this Hall and
j take their seats without question and without
conditions of any sort. I cannot concur, sir,
in this view. I do not think these States have
any such rights. On the contrary, 1 think we
have a full and perfect right to require certain
conditions, in the nature of guarantees for the
future, and that right rests, primarily and tech-
nically, on the surrender we may and must re-
quire at their hands. The rebellion has been
defeated. A defeat always implies a surren-
der, and in a political sense a surrender im-
plies more than the transfer of the arms used
on the field of battle. It implies, in the case
of civil war, a surrender of the principles and
doctrines, of all the weapons and agencies, by
which the war has been carried on. The mil-
itary surrender was made on the field of battle,
to our generals as the agents and representa-
tives of the Comm*ander-m-Cliiefof the armies
of the United States. But this is not all.
They have still to suriender 
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will al-
low me I will ask him a question. Was not
the surrender of the rebel arms made to the
people of the United States?
Mr. RAYMOND. It ought to be, and must
be to them through their representatives.
Mr. JENCKES. I made the remark to cor-
rect what seemed to be an erroneous impres-
sion.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well. I do not see any
correction in what the gentleman has said, or
any error in what I said. The rebels sur-
rendered to the generals of our armies, who
were commissioned by the President of the
United States, himself the representative of
the people.
Mr. JENCKES. Not to the generals as the
agents of the President, but as the representa-
tives of the military authority of the people of
the United States.
Mr. RAYMOiS D. Why certainly all author-
ji ity belongs to the people. It is a mere distinc-
]\ tion of words, and scarcely that.
jj Mr. JENCKES. I beg pardon of the gen-
l' tleman. It seems to me that il is an essential
| distinction.
| Mr. RAYMOND. Well. if it seems impor-
tant to the gentleman from Rhode I-dand or to
I anybody else, I am quite willing to make the
j| addition to my remark which he .suggests. I
1 will say then that in surrendering on the field
of battle, they surrendered to the generals who
!, were in command of the armies, as agents of
' the President of the United Stales, who was and
: is the representative of the people of the United
■ , States, iftbat explanation is satisfactory to the
j | gentleman I am very happy to make it; and
;! perhaps I am obliged to him for having enabled
j! meto state it a little more specifically and accu-
ji rately than I did at fir-t.
j Now. there must be at the end of the war a
I similar surrender on the political field of con-
trove) sy. That surrender is due as an act of
justice from the defeated party to the victorious
puny, it is due also, and we have a ritrht to
i exact it, as a guarantee for the future. Why do
1 we demand the surrender of their arms by the
| vanquished in every battle? We do it that they
I may not renew the, contest. Why do we seek
| in this and all similar cases a surrender of the
j principles for which they fought? It is that
Mhoy may never again be made the basis ol
