1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3107
were attempting to establish a tyranny in this
country, I say that I am not willing to intrust
any such extraordinary discretionary power in
the hands of the Secretary. I should like to
know whether or not the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has taken any notice of the action of those
clerks in his Department. Does the Senator
from Maine justify that proceeding? If he
were still Secretary of the Treasury, and his
clerks should denounce Congress in the manner
in which we were denounced at that public
meeting, would he still retain those clerks in
his employment? I am not willing to make
any appropriation to enable Mr. McCulloch to
pay those clerks or any other clerks who may
become associated with them in that depart-
mental club in denouncing Congress. Every
gentleman has his own ideas as to what self-
respect requires of him ; I do not pretend to
quarrel with other people as to what may be
their ideas of what their own self-respect re-
quires of them; but it seems to me that my
self-respect requires that I should not do it.
I have not been disposed any more than the
Senator from Maine to impute improper mo-
tives to the Secretary of the Treasury. 1 judge
of him by what has gone before ; I judge of him
by what has already occurred; and 1 am free
to unite in the opinion expressed by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, that I do not have the
confidence in the Secretary of the Treasury that
I had and that I would desire to have in a per-
son occupying the prominent position that he
does in the councils of the country and before
the people.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rose a short
time since because J felt called upon to correct
a statement made by the Senator from Maine,
but which I attributed entirely to misrecollec-
tion on his part. I rise now to correct a mis-
take which 1 cannot impute to any failure of
memory whatever. The Senator took occa-
sion to say that a similar appropriation to tiiis
now pending was made a year ago without any
objection; and I simply sought to remind him
that he was not entirely correct ia that by slat-
ing the fact that there was objection made. I
did notstate that I made the objection, although
I thought, by calling his attention to the fact
that objection was made, I would remind him
that I did object to it in committee. He thought
himself warranted in replying that if 1 did not
object to it, it was contrary to my usual habit,
and formed the exception to my rule of action.
I cannot attribute that statement to any failure
of memory, and I eeitainly do not assent to its
accuracy. Whether he meant to speak of my
conduct here on the floor of the Senate, and
to characterize that as captious, beyond the
conduct of other Senators, 1 do not know. If
so, I appeal against its justice to the records
that are kept here, and to the observations of
those who surround me. If he meant to tell
the Senate that that was my conduct in the
committee over which he presides, and on
which I had the honor to serve for several
years, I shall not contradict him. I shall sim-
ply leave that statement to be tried and ad-
judged by those who were associated willi both
of us on that committee. If his regard for jus-
tice or for his own reputation for veracity
does not commend to him the propriety of
making some qualification of that statement,
certainly I shall not enforce it upon his atten-
tion. It is proper for me to say, though, to
the Senate, in whoso favor I desire to hold
some sort of place, that I myself dissent from
the justice of that remark utterly and altogether.
I want to say one thing more: that nobody
knows better than that Senator himself that I
have consulted him more, not only upon ques-
tions pending before his committee, but upon
questions pending here in the Senate, than I
have consulted any one else; and I rather
think, in proportion to the responsibility I
have had for the conduct of business here,
oftener than anybody else in the Senate; and
if that, remark could be made of me with any
propriety by anybody, it can be made with less
propriety by the Senator from Maine than any-
body else.
But, sir, let that pass. This is one of the
occasions, whether it be within my rule or
otherwise, that 1 have thought it necessary to
object to a pending proposition. I supposed
it a constitutional right that I had to object;
and I have stated ray objection to this amend-
ment. I do not undertake to say that I under-
stood the bearing and the force of it exactly
when I was upon the floor before ; I am not
entirely sure that I understand the bearing
of it now; but as I understand, the facts, as
explained by the Senator from Maine, which
are thought to warrant this appropriation,
are something like these : an appropriation of
$250,000 was made for additional compensa-
tion to clerks and for compensation to tempo-
rary clerks a year ago ; of that sum $130,000
has been expended, leaving §120,000 of that
appropriation unexpended ; and of that unex-
pended appropriation it is proposed by a clause
in this amendment to appropriate some sixty
thousand dollars for the payment of clerks em-
ployed last j ear but receiving a salary of less
than §1,000 a year, leaving AGO,000 of the
last year's appropriation to be applied to the
next year's work; and in addition to that a
new appropriation of $160,000. If I am cor-
rect, that will be $220,000 for the next year's
work. Last year $130,000 was thought suf-
ficient and was made to answer the public
necessities. Notwithstanding the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance tells us
that the public business cannot be discharged
without this appropriation, I cannot, for my
life, understand why $220,000 is necessary this
year when $130,000 only was found necessary
last year. My understanding is that these
necessities ought to be diminished instead of
increased. 1 understood—I hoped it was the
fact—that the number of our disbursing officers,
the number of the employes of the Govern-
ment whoso accounts are settled in that De-
partment, was being very materially reduced,
and it seems to me there must absolutely be
less work at' the Treasury Department (o do
the coming year than there has been the cur-
rent year or the past year. If $130,000 would
answer last year, I cannot understand why a
larger sum should be absolutely demanded
this year.
But, sir, I do not propose to take any fur-
ther time in discussing this amendment. I
have not uttered a word upon the political
aspect, of this debate. The time has not come
when I feel authorized to say what my impres-
sions are upon those questions. I do not know
that the time ever will come. It is not now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose I ought to
say a word or two in reply, especially to my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.] All I have
to say to him is, that if he had represented me
correctly, or if he had understood what I said,
he would not have found it neccssary to make
the remarks that he did. What I said was, or
what I intended to say—and I think 1 did say,
for I generally say what I mean—that I thought
it bad taste to be assailing public officers on
occasions that did not requue it, and when we
had business matters under discussion ; and I
expressly put in, I remember, that when any
particular subject was under discussion which
called for comment, it was all very well, but I
thought it had better be omitted except at such
times. When I commented upon his model of
all that is admirable and elegant, the Secretary
of the Navy, [laughter,] the other day, it was
on a very peculiarly appropriate occasion. I
took occasion to say that the Secretary of the
Navy had refused to do a particular thing as the
reason for my action in that case. That was
all I said; that he had refused to do it; that 1
had been unable to persuade him to come to
that conclusion. 'The honorable Senator said
the Secretary had no power to do it. That
may be ; but the Secretary admitted that he
had the power, or at least did not deny it, and
did not give that as a reason for refusing to
comply with my request.
Mr. GRIMES. You attributed it to some-
thing altogether different.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I attributed it to the
fact that he did not mean to do it until we had
disposed of another question, because ho said
so ; and if he told the truth, 1 had the right to
repeat it, I take it. When the conduct of any
particular officer is properly before the Senate
in a given case that calls for remark upon it, I
think it eminently proper to speak of it just as
Senators please; and they will be their own
judges as to the style and taste of their oratory,
each one for himself. We cannot, of course,
have any rule to regulate that matter.
Now, as to my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] he and 1 have been friends too long
for us to separate upon a careless remark that
I made, rather sportive than otherwise, with
reference to him. I am sorry that it offended
him ; and if it did really offend him I will take
it back in whole and in part. I did not sup-
pose that he would take it in any other than in
a sportive sense : but, unfortunately, I am one
of those unhappy individuals that can never
even make a joke without its being taken seri-
ously. I do not know what it is owing to ; but
somehow or other I give offense when I do not
mean to do so. But my friend will allow me
to say in all sincerity, since he has appealed to
me, that lie is of a very questioning nature, and
is very apt to scrutinize things in a very sharp
and careful manner ; andl think he does differ
with other people, quietly and in a very gen-
tlemanly and proper way, a little oftener than
I do ; but I may be mistaken about that. Wo
never judge corrcctly about ourselves in rela-
tion to such matters. So far as our relations
on the Committee on Finance were concerned,
1 will say that of all things I would not give the
slightest intimation that ho was not otherwise
than just as he should be there, and I was ex-
ceedingly sorry to part with him when he went
off. Now, sir, I believe I have made an ample
apology, as far as my friend from Wisconsin is
concerned.
Mr. 1IO WE. Certainly if the Senator from
Maine was framing a joke when he made the
remark he did, I did misunderstand him, and
ho was misunderstood by others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my misfor-
tune.
Mr. HOWE. But, it is enough for me to be
told by him that that was what he was up to.
If he did not mean to give offense I am the
last man to take any offense, and he is the last
man that I choose to be offended by.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought so.
Mr. HOWE. But as to the other remark
he made, that I am after all more inclined to
question and object to measures than ho is
himself, I have only to say that if that is so, I
on my part ask pardon of the Senate and of
mankind. I did not know it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. I rise only to say a few
words on this subject. I regret to see the
opposition made to this provision in this appro-
priation bill, because I am convinced from the
expeiiencc I have had upon the Committee on
Finance that it is a necessary appropriation for
maintaining the branch of the public service
to which it is proposed to be applied. There
was great need during the war, and during the
enhanced value of commodities and the prices
of living in Washington, for an increase in the
salaries of men employed in the Departments,
particularly an increase in the salaries of the
ablest men employed in the Departments. But
it could not be done. The necessities of the
Government were greater than the necessity
of the increase of those salaries, and so the
committees of Congress aivvajs held. It was
found (as was stated here the other day in con-
nection with the bill for the reorganization of
the clerical force of the Interior Department)
that the best, the most able, the most practiced
and experienced men in tin: Treasury Depart-
ment were dropping out of their places, going
into private business, getting increased sala-
ries. and thus materially affecting, and injuri-
ously affecting, the public service. Therefore,
to avoid raising the question of a general in-
crease of the salarie.-, of clerks the mode that
is now before us in this appropriation bill was
pursued. That was done under former Secre-
