1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
boats all the year round, still there would be
an objection to it on account ot' tixe climate,
because the corn would heat and become dam-
aged, and of course depreciate in value.
The products of the West must, therefore,
find an outlet by northern and eastern routes,
or it must be burned for fuel or distilled into
spirits or fed to stock or rot upon the ground,
as it has sometimes done of late.
' Now, by the construction of the Niagara
ship-canal, eight miles in extent, the expense
of transportation is greatly lessened; and there
will be several outleis from Lake Ontario to
the sea-board and the great depot of this con-
tinent, namely, New York city. Therefore,
there will be 110 danger of accumulation there.
But, as my time is limited, 1 will pass to
another point. The State of New York, stand-
ing midway between the West and the East in
that respect, by or through her canal officers,
strangely assumes the position that this canal
will injure the revenues of the Erie canal, and
therefore it should not be constructed. But in
another breath thev admit and insist that the
canal interests of the State of New York have
been quite remunerative and productive, cost-
ing in round numbers, interest, loans, damages,
enlargement, " pauper laterals," &c., all told,
$100,000,000; and that between eighty-three and
eighty-four of these millions have been returned
to the treasury of that State, leavingonly some
fifteen or sixteen millions of disbursement ex-
pense and unreturned. The Erie canal proper
has paid for itself and $0,000,000 more. What
right, then, has the State of Now York to claim
that that canal, with its narrow prism and its
yet more restricted loeks, should require, as
it does, that the commerce of the West, how-
ever great, shall be forced through it, to market,
whether they desire it or not; at all events, such
portions of it as cannot go down the Mississippi,
and such portions of it as are too bulky and
weighty to be transported upon the railroads?
The very statement shows that no wrong is done
to the treasury of that State if the national Gov-
ernment makes this a national work.
Mr. DAWES. I am very desirous of vot-
ing for this bill, but I am not able to find just
the precise condition of the bill before the
House. I desire to ask my friend how efficient
its provisions are to give the United States
control over this canal so as to make it a
national work. I am led to make this inquiry
because the general drift of this bill is to make
a donation to such corporation as _ may be
formed by any State to carry 011 this work,
and I observe that the State of New York has
incorporated a company for this purpose, the
act of incorporation containing this provision :
"The said corporation may accept upon any terms
and conditions not inconsistent witli this charter or
the laws of this State, from the Government of the
United States, or of any State, any grants of land,
bonds, moneys, or credit which may be made to it,
for the purpose of constructing the canal ana works
connected therewith, and may hold and dispose of
such lands for that purpose. When completed, the
State of New York shall have the right to purcmise
the saiil canal and the works connected therewith,
by paying to the said corporation the cost ot con-
structing the same, with inteie&t computed to date
of the purchase, with the further addition of ten per
cent, thereon."
I desire to know whether in this bill you
have sufficiently guarded against any such con-
tingency as is provided for in that sectionof
the law of New York, and that by no possibility
this shall be anything but a national work.
Mr. HULBURD. " If one of my colleagues
had been hero he would have offered an
amendment that would remove that, difficulty,
taking it away from any State and giving its
construction and its control exclusively to the
General Government.
I wish to answer one other objection, and that
is, that if this commerce finds its way in large
vessels into Lake Ontario, it will go away from
New York on down and out to sea through
the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
Sir, those who are acquainted with the obsta-
cles in that pathway to the ocean—obstacles
that no time or expenditure of money or induce-
ments of drawbacks can, in my judgment, ever
surmount—would laugh to scorn the utter
absurdity of a serious apprehension from that
quarter. Canada has expended millions in
constructing the seven canals around the rap-
ids in the St. Lawrence river between Ogdens-
burg and Montreal. In thus canalling and
locking thirty-two and a half miles only one
hundred and sixty of the two hundred and
thirty-six feet of the elevation of Lake Ontario
above Montreal has been overcome, leaving a
tidal and channel current of seventy feet fall to
be surmounted by the steam and sail of inland
or upward-going vessels. She has expended
millions upon magnificent docks and wharves
to accommodate trade and commerce at Mon-
treal ; but thus far they have attracted there
no forest of shipping. At a vast expense she
has dredged the channel of that river to a depth
of twenty feet and to a width of three hundred
feet, miles and miles below that city, yet does
"that way out" remain difficult and danger-
ous, and comparatively unfrequented, and for-
ever will, in consequence of bad shores, sunken
reefs, and perpetual fogs. The peiils of this
untoward thoroughfare most strikingly appear
in one item of the recent pJst. In the last few
years the Montreal Atlantic Steamship Com-
pany have lost seven, if not eight, of their fine,
new, and well-appointed stcam-packets in the
intricacies of the Gulf of St. Lawrence. What
fact more patent and potent of the perils
of this dreaded rival route? There remains
one other significant business item, illustrating
the disfavor with which this route is viewed by
shippers and insurance men. For ten years,
between 1845-55, the charge for freight from
Montreal to Liverpool averaged twice the charge
from New York to the same port.
Of the river and Canadian ports proper this
may be said: less than one eighth of the lake
freight went down to Montreal, notwithstand-
ing drawbacks and reciprocity. During the
first six years of the operation of the reci-
procity treaty only twelve thousand tons, in
forty vessels, found their way to the lower St.
Lawrence, and none of these, it is said, stemmed
the upward current by returning to the waters
where they were built and loaded. In 1803
but a single vessel cleared and entered Amer-
ican ports, through this channel, from foreign
countries. In the words of Secretary Chase,
notwithstanding "the careful and inviting legis-
lation of Canada in regard to tolls and tonnage
duties," "the united efforts of the two Govern-
ments have proved of little e0'ect in opening a
channel preferable to that made up of the
lakes, the canals, and railroads of the United
States."
The idea that this can become a rival route,
icc-locked as it is nearly seven months of the
year, in addition to all its other disadvantages,
in opposition to our open sea-board, is too pre-
posterous to be seriously considered. But 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I design to yield a portion
of my time to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. J. M. Humphrey.]
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Will my
colleague vield to me for a moment?
Mr. J. Si. HUMPHREY. I will.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. After
further consideration and consultation with the
friends of the general project of a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara, I am directed to
present the bill I now send to the Clerk as a
substitute for the bill I offered on Tuesday
last, understanding that the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] will withdraw the
amendment which he offered, in the nature of
a substitute to the bill first introduced by me.
The first seven sections of this bill are the
same as the corresponding ones of the former
bill, with two exceptions : first, the alternative
is given to use inclined planes, if upon careful
investigation it is found that they will be ad-
risable, cind work to tlio interests* Oi ilio
Government and the company : and second, a
clause is inserted in the seventh section vesting
the title of the land taken by the United States
in securing the right of way, when tne damages
adjusted as provided in the bill shall be paid.
Then follow the main provisions which make
this diffe'r from the original bill. This hill pro-
vides for the chartering of a company direct by
the Government who shall or may accept the
benefits offered and construct the canal, with
all the restrictions and provisions that are cus-
tomary in such cases. The bill first presented
provided for the construction of the work
through any company chartered by any State,
which company should be governed by similar
regulations and subject to the same restrictions
as in the bill now presented.
The concluding sections of this bill are the
same as in the original bill, differing only so far
as necessary to make them conform to the
charter granted, and to confer upon the com-
pany so chartered the necessary power for the
government of the corporation and the manage-
ment of its affairs.
Mr. Speaker, as I propose to speak upon this
measure hereafter, I will not occupy the time
of the House auv longer at present.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY here addressed the
House; but before concluding, the morning
hour expired. [His remarks will be found
complete in the Appendix.]
message i'kom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill (II. It. No.
500) entitled "An act making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the public priming for the liscal year ending
June !jJ, 18UG."
speaker's table.
Mr. MeRUEIt moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
catharine mock.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendment to the bill (H. It. No. 210)
entitled "An act for the relief of Catharine
Mock;" which was referred to the Committee
011 Invalid Pensions.
JUDICIAL ROCEEDIXGS
The next business 011 the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 238) entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled ' An act relating to habeas corpus and
regulating judicial proceedings ineertain cases,'
approved March 3, 1S03."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House non-concur iu the amendments of the
Senate and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. ROSS. 1 call for the reading of the
amendments.
The amendments were read, as follows:
On page 1, line two, stiilse oat the foil owing words:
" Or other trespasses or wrongs done or committed:
so that the clause will read: .
Any search, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment made,
or any acts done, &c.   .
In line nine, after the word so insert the words
" done or." • * •
In line ten, stiike out the word is, and insert m
lieu thereof the word "was."
In the same line, after the word addressed,
insert " as for whom it was intended.
In line fourteen, after the word act,' insert tho
words, "of March 3,1s63."
After line fifteen insert the following: _
But 110 such ordoi shall,, by torce of this act, or th<s
act to which this is an amendment, ho a/tetonse to
any suit or action for any act done or omitted to be
done after the passage of this act; nor tor any act
d.mc with malice, cruelty, or unnecessary severity.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, called for the pre-
vious question.
The previous qne=tion was seconded and the
main question ordered : which was upon the
motion of Mr. Wilson-, of Iowa, that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate
and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to—ayes sixty-seven,
noes not counted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The Litter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced the
appointment of Messrs. Wilson, of Iowa,
McKke, and Boyer, as the committee of con-
ference 011 the part of the House.
