1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ted States district judge or district attorney for the
district in which the obligor resides."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
-the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
all of said amendment and insert in lieu thereof the
following: "for this amount or so much thereof as
iriay become due to the Choetaws and Chickasaws
jtraaer the third and forty-sixth articles of the treaty
Of,April 28,1866, for interest at the rate of five per
"cente upon the amount paid for cei Lain lands ceded
by them to the United States, $15,000;" and the Sen-
Ate agree to the same. _
JOHN SHERMAN,
J.W. NESMITII,
J. 11. DOOLITTLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Manaaers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
PROTECTION OF THE REVENUE.
The I5RESIDENT protempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday, being the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose, with the con-
sent of the Senate, by direction of the Com-
mittee on Finance, to take up first the amended
tariff bill with a view to its passage, and I
believe it will not excite any discussion, there
being no provisions in it that do not meet with
general assent. I hope it may be taken up and
got out of the way, without displacing the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks that the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday be laid aside with a view to
proceeding to the consideration of House bill
No. 780. The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (Ii. R. No. 780)
to protect the revenue, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it would be
better to act on the amendments of the com-
mittee as we go along in the reading of the bill.
The PRES3 DENTpro tempore. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection.
The Sccretaiy read the first section of the
bill, as follows:
That from and after tho 1st day of August, 1800,
in lieu of theduties now imposed by law on the arti-
cles mentioned ancl embraced in this section, thero
shall be levied, collected, and paid, on all goods,
wares, and merchandise impoited from foreign coun-
tries, the duties hereafter provided.namely:
Oh cigars, cigarettes, and cheroots of all kinds,
$2 50 per pound, and, in addition thereto, fifty per
cent. ad valorem: and no tare for tho box in which
any cigars, cheroots, or cigarettes are packed shall
be allowed in ascertaining the weight: Provided,
That paper cigars and cigarettes, including wrap-
pers, shall be subject to the same duties as are herein
imposed upon cigars: And provided further, That on
and after the 1st day of August, 18GG, no cigars shall
be imported unles< the same are packed in boxes
of not more than five hundred cigars in each box:
and no entry of any imported cigarsshallbe allowed
of less quantity than three thousand in a single pack-
age; and all cigars on importation shall be placed in
public store or bonded warehouse, and shall not be
removed therefrom until the same shall have been
inspected and a stamp affixed to each box indicating
such inspection, with the date thereof. And the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to pro-
vide the requisite stamps, and to make all necessary
regulations for carrying the above provisions of law
into effect.
On cotton, three cents per pound.
On all eompoumU or preparations of which dis-
tilled spirits is a componentpartof chief value,there
shall be levied a duty oi not less than that imposed
upon distilled spirits: Provided, That brandy and
other spirituous liquors may be imported in casks or
other packages of any capacity not less than thirty
gallons; and that wine in bottles may be imported in
boxes containing not less than one dozen bottles of
not more than onequart each; and wine, brandy, or
other spirituous liquors imported into the United
States, and shipped after the 1st day of October,
1866, in any less quantity than herein provided for,
shall be forfeited to tho United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out in
lines eleven, twelve, and thirteen of section one
these words: "and no tare for the box in
which any cigars, cheroots, or cigarettes are
packed shall be allowed in ascertaining the
weight."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section two, as follows:
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That the proviso
in section four of an act entitled44 An act amendatory
of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign impor-
tations," approved March 3,1865, shall be construed
to include any ship, vessel, or steamer to or from any
port in the Sandwich Islands or fcocicty Islands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the word " pro-
viso," in line one of section two, I move to
insert the word "second;" so as to read, "that
the second proviso in section four," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sections three and four were next read, as
follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That so much of
an act entitled " An act to authorize protection to be
given to citizens of the United States who may dis-
cover deposits of guano," approved August 18,1856,
as prohibits the export thereof is hereby suspended
in relation to all persons who havecomplied with the
provisions of section two of said act, for five years
from and after tho 14th day of July, 1867.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
Earts of laws allowing fishing bounties to vessels
eieafter licensed to engagein the fisheries be, and
the same are hereby, repealed: Provided, That from
and after the date of the passage of this act vessels
licensed to engage in the fisheries may takeon board
imported salt in bond, to be used in curing fish, under
such regulations as the Secretary of tho Treasury shall
prescribe, and upon proof thatsaidsalt hasbeenused
in curing fish, the duties on the same shall bo re-
mitted.
Section five was read, as follows:
Sec.5. And be it further enacted, Thatfromandnfter
the passago of this act all goods, wares, or merchan-
dise arriving at the ports of New York, Boston, and
Portland, or any other port of the United States which
may be specially designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and destined for places in the adjacent
British Provinces, may be entered at tho custom-
house, and conveyed in transit through tho territory
of the United States without the payment of duties,
under such rules, regulations, and conditions for the
protection of the revenue as the Secretary of tho
Treasury may prescribe.
Mr. SHERMAN. By direction of the com-
mittee 1 move to amend section five by insert-
ing after "British Provinces," in line six, the
words " or arriving at the port of Point Isabel,
Texas, or any other port of the United States
which may be specially designated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and destined for places
in the republic of Mexico."
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That imported
goock, wares, or merchandise in bond, or duly paid,
and products or manufactures of tho United States,
may, with the consent of the proper authorities of
the Provinces aforesaid, be transported from one
port or place in the United States to another port or
place therein, over the territory of said Provinces, by
such routes, and under such lules, regulations, and
conditions as tho Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe; and the goods, wares, and merchandise so
transported shall, upon arrival in the United States
from the Provinces aforesaid, bo treated in regard to
the liability to or exemption from duty or tax as if
the transportation.had taken placo entirely within
the limits of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend scclion
six by inserting after the word " Provinces,"
in lines four, six, and ten, respectively, the
words or republic."
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have the
Senator explain that amendment briefly.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have already inserted
in the fifth section a provision in regard to the
republic of Mexico, and this is simply to con-
form to that.
Mr. CONNESS. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventh and eighth sections were read,
as follows:
Sec. 7. Andbc it further enacted, That whenever it
shall boshown to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury that more moneys have been paid to
the collector of customs, or others acting as such,
than the law requires, and the parties have failed
to comply with the requirements of the fourteenth
and fifteenth sections ol tho act entitled "An act to
increase the duties on impoit«, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1801, and the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be satisfied that said non-eom-
pluiucc with the lequircmcnts as above'stated was
owing to circumstances beyond the control of the
importer, consignee, or agent making such payments,
he may draw his warrant upon the Treasurer m favor
ofthe person or persons entitled to the overpayment,
directing the said Treasurer to refund the same out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec.8. And beitfurtherenacted, Thattheprovisions
of the second, third, and fourth sections of tho act
approved March 2,1833, entitled "An act further to
provide for the collection of duties on imports," and
of the twelfth section of the act approved March 3,
1863, entitled "An act to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to piovide for the morccertain and
speedy collection of claims in favor of the United
States, and for other purposes," shall be taken and
deemed as extending to and embracing alleases aris-
ing or which may have heretofore arisen, and alJ suits
and prosecutions heretofore brought and now pend-
ing, or which may hereafter be brought against any
omcer of the United States or other person by reason
of any acts done or proceedings had by such officer
or other person, under authority or color of the act
approved March 12,1863, entitled "An act to provide
for the collection of abandoned property, and for the
prev&ition of frauds in insurrectionary districts
within the United States," or the act-approved July
2,1861, entitled "An act in addition to the several
acts concerning commercial intercoursebetween loyal
and insurrectionary States, and to provide for the
collection of captured and abandoned property, and
the prevention of frauds in States declared in insur-
rection:" Provided, That such acts done or proceed-
ings had under the two acts last aforesaid, or under
color thereof, shall have been, done and had under
the authority or by tho direction of tho executive Gov-
ernments the United States: And provided further.
That when a recovery shall have been or shall here-
after be had in any such suit or prosecution brought
or which may hereafter be brought, as aforesaid, the
payment of the amountrccovered, as provided for in
the said twelfth section of the act approved March3,
1863, a foresaid .shall bo made out of the moneys aris-
ing and obtained from the proccedsof sales and leases
and fees collectcd and paid over to the Government
under the two acts approved March 12,1863, and July
2, J86t, aforesaid, in relation to captured and aban-
doned property.
The ninth section was next read, as follows:
S^o. 9. And be further enacted, That in determining
tho dutiable value of imported merchandise thero
shall be added to tho cost, or to the actual wholesalo
price or general market value at the time of exporta-
tion in the principal markets of the country from
whence the same shall have been imported into the
Unitod States, the cost of transportation, shipment,
and transhipment, with all the expenses included
from the place of growth, production, or manufac-
ture, whether by land or water, to the vessel in which
shipment is made to the United States: the value of
tho sack, box, or covering of any kind in which such
foods are contained; commission at the usual rate?,
ut in no case less than two and a half per cent.;
brokerage, export duty, and all other actual or usual
charges for putting up, preparing, and packing for
transportation or shipment. And all charges of a
generaf character incurred in the purchase of a gen-
eral invoice shall be distributed pro rata among all
parts of such invoice; and every part thereof chaiged
with duties based on value shall be advanced accord-
ing to its proportion, and all wines or other articles
paying specific duty by grades shall be graded and
pay duty according to the actual value so deter-
mined: Provided, That all addil ions made to the en-
tered value of merchandise for charges shall be
regarded as part of tho actual value of such mer-
chandise, and if such addition shall exceed by ten
per cent, the value so declared in the entry, in addi-
tion t.  the duties imposed by law, there shall be
levied, collectcd, and paid a duty of twenty per cent,
on such value: Provided, That the duty shall in no
case be assessed upon an amount less than the invoico
or entered value.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to move to strike out the
ninth section of the bill, and as this is an im-
portant provision, I hope Senators will pay
sufficient attention to know what it is. The
ninth section proposes to add to the dutiable
value of imported merchandise the cost of
transportation, shipment, and transhipment,
with all the expenses included, from the place
of growth, manufacture, or production, to the
vessel in which shipment is made to the United
States, and also the value of the sack, box, or
covering in which the goods are contained, and
commission at the usual rates, but not in any
case less than two and a half per cent, &c. The
effect of this section is, in a great variety of
cases, and especially in the case of heavy goods,
to add to the duties on them by adding to the
value of the merchandise, and consequently,
a percentage on that increased value raises the
duties. It was found that in certain heavy
articles^ especially very coarse wool; this sec-
tion would operate very severely. It was first
proposed to make an exception of the article
of wool, and perhaps other articles ; but on the
whole, as this is a temporary provision only
designed to be enforced until the new tariff act
will take effect, which will probably be next
winter or next spring, we think it better to
strike out the whole section.
The principal objection to the section is that
it would introduce into the computation of
value to be assessed at the custom-house ele-
ments of uncertainty. It wouldbevery difficult
to ascertain the cost of a package, very difficult
to ascertain the cost of transportation from the
place of production to the place of shipment
and then to the ship. All these are elements
of computation which are new and difficult of
ascertainment, giving rise to fraud and, per-
haps, inequality. Bulky articles of least value?
