1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
tlie troops, and from the aggregate amount lie
is to deduct the amount of direct tax due by the
State to the United States, under the act enti-
tled 61 An act to provide increased revenue from
imports, pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes/' approved August 5, 1861,
or the act entitled "An act to allow and pay
to the State of Missouri the amount of money
expended by said State in the arming and
paying of troops employed in the suppression
of insurrection against the laws of the United
States," approved July 17, 1862.
In the adjustment of the accounts the com-
missioner is not to allow for any expenditure
or compensation for service at a rate greater
than was at the time authoiizcd by the laws of
the United States in similar cases. So soon as
the commissioner shall have made up the ac-
count and ascertained the balance he is to make
a written report, showing the different items of
expenditure, to the Secretary of the Treasury;
and if from the report it shall appear that any
sum remains due to the State, he is to draw his
warrant for it, payable to the Governor of the
State, and deliver it to him.
The commissioner, before proceeding to the
discharge of his duties, is to be sworn that he
will carefully examine the accounts existing
between the United States and the State of
Missouri; and that he will, to the best of his
ability, make a jnst, true, and impartial state-
ment of them. He is to receive such compen-
sation for his services as maybe determined by
the Secretary of the Treasury; and $(5,775,000
is appropriated to carry the bill into riled.
Mr. BKOWN. I will stale for the informa-
tion of the Senate that this is a bill whieh has
already been twice passed by this body. It was
passed at the last session of Congress in the
same terms and language with the bill now
before us and went to the House of ]£epre*cnt-
atives, and failed there, owing to a misappre-
hension on the part of the Military Committee
that a previous provision find already been made
to eorer the expenses incurred. It was subse-
quently reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and placed as an additional clause to
the miscellaneous appropriation bill, added to
it on the last night of the session; but that biii
itself failing, of course this appropriation (ailed
also. The bill is, as it states, for reimbursing
the State of Missouri for moneys which were
actually expended in subsisting, paying, and
equippmgtroops who were in the service under
otlicerH of the United States. 1 ask the Clerk
to read the report whieh comes from the Mili-
tary Committee in connection uit.li this hill.
The Secretary i < ad (lie following report, made
by Mr. Brown on the loth of February:
The Committee on MiJihiry A Hairs and the Mil it i:i,
having: hail under <'<m^jdoritl ton a bill " to roimbui^c
the State of Missouri tor moneys expended lor I ho
I'nitod States in imrolUng, oiiuippiiu;, and provKion-
iuR militia f'tuces to aid in mi mucking tht: rebellion,"
hey: leave to report the same haok with a un:intmon> 
recommendation in favor oi'it.s passage.
Tins is a. biU designed, us its lUlo expresses, to re-
imburse the State of Missouri tor moneys expended
in equipping, MihsUtimr, and paying imhtia troops
failed into mm'\ lee to jlc( in concert with the (United
States Ibices, ami nndci t ho .luthouty of United States.
oIlictMN, in maintaining the pence acrain-t !aienilla
band?-, and in rcpoliiugho-iite invasion. Thenmount
apiuopruitcd U im, and it N piovided that a
commission shall tnvt examiue and appiove all the
vouchers for the outlay oftheStafe of Missouri he-
lore any payment shall be made. The hill pic^vnbes
likewise that the amount of the direct, tax due to the
United States, beinu §701,127 .'33, shall be deducted
ironi the aggre'rate indebtedness.
Y"our commit tee have had betore them the o\ idenee^
cpfiifoli.-imig I ho tfoti ei a 1 correct oft his claim, evi-
dences embracing the sworn return-* of the olVicers of
the State a^ to tbe amounts paid out by them: ai-o
abstracts showing the regiments number of men fur-
nished by each, and the aggregate ot_days actually
engaged, verified by athdavit of the adjutant general
of Missouri: also the proclamation-, calling them out
for the purposes nunied, and placing them under the
control of United States ofiieers: al-o numerous orders
from deportment headquarters, from the tleneral-in-
Cmcf, and from the Secretary of War. rccogm/ing
their service, and making disposition of the same, and
attesting the fact of relief thus furnished at critical
conjuncture?, or volunteer troops thereby icndcrcd
opposable, who wore sent to points of imminent
danger. All these taken together sufficiently conform
tue rigtit ot the State to reimbursement, upon grounds
established by many precedents not neccssary to be
here reviewed.
i our committee further submit that these advances
of money and payments of troops by the State of Mis-
souri have been made under the most adverso cir-
cumstance?, at ruinous sacrifice, and with signal
loyalty. Forced to an issue of bonds to meet such a
drain upon finances already almost overwhelmed
with debt, they could only be sold at a great discount,
while their availability for tax purposes made them
in the past, and still continues to make them, agreat
embarrassment in the way of collecting any revenue.
This almost paralyzes the industrial recuperation of
the State, has made necessary a sale unreservedly of
its great unfinished works oi internal improvement,
and necessitated the imposing of such increased taxes
on a community torn by the ravages of invasion as
its people are little able to boar.
Under such conditions it is believed that the reim-
bursement of these advances cannot with any justice
be longer postponed, as they arc part and parcel of
those immediate war liabilities in the pay, equip-
ment, and provisioning of troops whieh the policy of
the Government has already established as having
the first claim upon the Treasury of the United States.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to Inquire of the
Senator from Missouri whether these expendi-
tures are of a peculiar character, different from
the expenditures made by other States, so that
the State ought to be relieved by a special act,
or whether, upon the other hand, these expend-
itures are not like the expenditures made by
other States, and whether all the States ought
to bo provided for by a general act.
Mr. BROWN. 1 think that the circum-
stances are different in tills case, although Iain
not fully apprised of all tlie facts which relate
to the furnishing of troops by other States. In
this case and ill this State the force became vir-
tual!}' a part of the United States force, was
continued for a long lime in the United States
service, and in so far answered in the stead of
United States troops. Again, 1 will state that
the circumstances attending the financial con-
dition of the Slate render it eminently proper
that some action shall be had now. I have 110
objection to any claims which may be presented
from any other State properly authenticated
and properly revised, and shall be very glad to
have, them audited and paid ; but 1 do not think
that forms any reason why we shall not con-
sider a case that has already been passed upon
heretofore, and which affects very seriously the
finances of my own State. We are laboring
(hero under a condition of affairs which renders
it almost impossible to obtain taxes enough to
carry on tlie government, and unless we can
get relief in this mailer we shall be impover-
ished in the future.
M r. FESSEN1) EN. I do not know that this
is not very necessary, but it strikes me that a
bill which appropriates nearly seven million
dollars cannot be taken up at lite heel of the
session, late in Hie afternoon, and considered
in the way it ought to be. I do not know but
that the bill is all right, but as there is, I under-
stand, a desire for an executive session, I sug-
gest to the Senator from Missouri whether wo
may not as well have an executive session leav-
ing this bill to come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection lo that,
and then this bill will be in order to-morrow
as the unfinished business.
IIXEOUTIVU SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, then, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 5, 1806.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botstos.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the call of States and Territories
(commencing with the State of Maine) for the
introduction, on leave, of bills and joint reso-
lutions for reference, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsidcr.
GUARANTEE OP MEXICAN BONDS.
Mr. WOODBllIDGE. I desire to introduce
the following joint resolution, that it may be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed
Whereas the people of tlie Government of the Uni-
ted States of America are not indifferent, to the patri-
otic straggles of the people of Mexico to establish and
perpetuate their republican form of government; and
whereas the said ropublie of Mexico, through its duly
authorized agent, is abouttoissue fifty thousandbonds
of $1,000 each, dated April 1,1866, with interest cou-
pons attached, payable at the city of New York, in
gold coin, the principal after thirty years, and the
interest semi-annually at the rate of seven per cent,
per annum, each of which bonds is to bear the signa-
ture of the register appointed by his excellency M.
Romero, the duly recognized minister from the said
republic: Therefore,
lie it resolved, tfce., That payment of the aforesaid
loan of $50,000,000, with the interest thereon, accord-
ing to the tenor of said bonds, be, and thesame hereby
is, guarantied by the United States of America.
Mr. BLAINE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The only objection that
can be made is objection to granting leave for
the introduction of the joint resolution.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to granting leave.
The SPEAKER. The question then is, Shall
leave be granted ?
On the question there were—ayes 80, noes
20; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Woodbridge
and Blaine.
Mr. SOHENCK. As I understand, all the
gentleman from Vermont asks is that the res-
olution be introduced, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have already so
stated.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to the first step look-
ing toward the object which this resolution
contemplates.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—yeas 40, noes 20 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, if it is com-
petent for me to withdraw my objection, I will
do so, as 1 do not care to divide the House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FINCK. 1 move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas (54, nays G4, not voting 50 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, DelosR. Ashley,
.Tames M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Bidwell,
Bingham, Brandegee, Brumweli, Bundy, Sidney
Clarke, Delano, Donnelly, Driggs, Kcktey, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinncll, Hale, Abner
C. Harding, Henderson, Higby, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Jam ok It. llubbell, Hutbuvd, Ingersoll,
Jonekes,.lulian.Kellev, Kcho,Ku>kendall,Latham,
William Lawrence, Ljneti, MeClurg, MeKee, Mor-
ris, Orth. Paine, Patteison, Peihain. Raymond, Alex-
ander 11. Rice, John II. Rice, Rollins, Schcnek.
Spalding, Stevens, Taylor, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, lilihu B. Washburnc, Henry
D, Washburn, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wil-
liams, Windom, and Woodbridge—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin, Besiman,
Bergen, Blaine, Boutwell, Brooks, Broomall, Chan-
ler, Cobb. Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Defrees,
Dewing, Demson, Eldridge. Finck, Goodyear, Grider,
Aaron Harding, Hill, llogan, Chester D. Hubbard,
James Humphrey, Kerr, ICeteham, George V. Law-
rence, Marshall, McCullough, McRuer, Miller, Mor-
rill, Myers, Newell, Niblack, G'Neill, Phelps, Pike,
Price, Radford, Ritter, Rogers, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Seofield, Shanklin. Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Wentworth,
■hum:;' P. AVilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
field-6-t.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona,Barker, Benjamin,
Blow, Boyer, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Coffroth,
Culver, Darling, Dawc«, Dawson, Dixon, Dumont,
Fggleston. Gariield, Glossbrenner, Griswoid, Harris,
Hart, Hayes, Holmes, Hotchkiss. Demas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. llubbell, James M,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Laflin, Le
Blond, Loan, Longyear, Marston, Marvin, Mclndoe,
Mcrcur, Moorliead, MouHon, Nicholson, Noell,
Plants, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall. William H.
Randall, Ross, Smith, Starr, Strouse, Taber, John L.
Thomas, Ward, Welker, and Wright—55.
During the vote,
Mr. THAYER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Mooiuiead, absent by leave of the House, would
be absent for four days ; and that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Randall.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative.
So the joint resolution was introduced, read
