2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
pay department of the navy.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to the bill (I~I R. No. 197)
entitled "An act to provide for the bettor or-
ganization of the paydepartment of the Navy;"
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
railroad to traverse bay, michigan.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
a bill (S. No. 243) entitled "Au act to extend
the time for the reversion to the United States
of the lands granted by Congress to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Amboy, by
Hillsdale and Lansing, to some point on or
near Traverse bay, in the State of Michigan;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
john t. jones.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 122) entitled "An act for
the relief of John T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian,
for depredations committed by white persons
upon his property in Kansas Territory;" which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
elisiia iv. dunn.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 202) entitled "An act for the
relief oi'Elisha W. Dunn, a paymaster in the
LTnitod States Navy;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on N val Affairs.
western pacific railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. It. No. (il) to extend
the time for the construction of the first section
of l lie Western Pacific railroad; which was read
a first and second lime, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
WIlliCK 01'' Till! SAN FRANCISCO.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. 11. No. .'51) manifesting
the sense of Congress toward the ollieers and
seamen of the vessels, and others engaged in
the l-eseue of the ollieers and soldiers of the
Army, the passengers, and the ollieers and
crew of the steamship Sail Francisco from
perishing with the wreck of that vessul; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
portage lakh ship-canal.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S, No. 1'.):!) entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to the Stale of Michigan to aid in the
construction of a harbor and ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point, Lake Supe-
rior, m said Slate;" which was read a first
and second lime, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
GRANT OK LANDS TO NEVADA.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 215, concerning certain
lands granted to the State of Nevada; which
was read a first and second lime, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
WILLI AM PIERCE.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 2ol, for the relief of Wil-
liam Pierce ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
mrs. .(erusiia witter.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 276, for the relief of Mrs.
Jerusha Witter; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bills were
severally referred; and also moved that the
motion lo reconsider bo laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled House bill No.
472, for the relief of George R. Frank, late
captain thirty-third regiment Wisconsin volun-
teer infantry; when the Speaker signed the
same.
JOHN K. H1CKEY.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of John K. ffickey ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
jacob p. leese.
Mr. IIIGBY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution in
relation to the claim of Jacob P. Leese, and to
put it on its passage now.
Mr. FAltNSWORTH. I object to the joint
resolution being acted on now.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred i and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
territorial business.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, ter-
ritorial businesswas postponed to Thursday of
this week. I have been so unwell as to be
unable to attend the sittings of the House or
the committee. 1 ask, therefore, that Thurs-
day of next week, during the morning hour,
be set apart for reports from the Committee
on Territories.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
territorial organic acts.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to amend the organic
acts of the Territories of Nebraska, Colorado,
Dakota, Montana, Washington, Idaho, Ari-
zona, Utah, and New Mexico ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
methodist episcopal church.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
report of the New York East Annual Confer-
ence of the Methodist Episcopal Church ; which
was laid upon the tabic, and ordered to be
printed.
mexico.
Mr. LAFLTN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing :
ll'-mlvrd. That there be printed of tho message of
the President ot'thclFnitod States and the aeeompa-
nyuiE documents on tho; subject of Mexico the same
number us is now piovided by law tor tho printing;
of tho general diplomatic eon espondence.
1le0ruanimation of the army.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (11. R. No. JStil) entitled "An act to reor-
ganize and establish the Army of the United
States;" tile pending question being on the
motion that its further consideration be post-
poned to the first Monday of December next.
Mr. NIIiLACK. I am satisfied, after con-
ference with some friends, that the motion to
postpone would not be a fair test, and that it
would bo more respectful to the committee to
allow them to perfect their bill first. 1 there-
fore withdraw the motion lo postpone.
The question then recurred on Mr. Schekck's
amendment, as follows:
Add:
Kill nothing: in this section shall be construed so as
to vaoatc the commission of the Commissary General
j of Subsistence, but only to change the title of that
officer to Commissary General: nor to vacate the com-
mission of any offieei now commissioned as assistant
commissary general of subsistence or commissary of
subsistence, but only to change the title to commis-
sary in the eases of those who rank ns lieutenantcol-
onels, majors, and captains, without affecting in any
way their relative position or the timo from which
they take such rank.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend section nine-
teen by striking outtheconcluding sentence, as
follows:
And hereafter no graduate of the United States
Military Academy, being at the timo in the Army of
the United States, or having been therein at anytime
for three years next preceding, snail be eligible to
appointment as an officer in the subsistence depart-
ment.
I do not propose to spend much time on this
proposition, nor do I propose to go into^ any
discussion as to the character of the Military
Academy at West Point, the desert of its grad-
uates, or the merits of those officers who are
not graduates. But I submit that this clause
of the section which I have moved to strike
out docs put an unjust and improper distinc-
tion in this bill against graduates of the Mili-
tary Academy.
Now, I certainly have no desire to bestow
praise upon the graduates of that institution at
the expense of officers who are now graduates.
I have no desire to claim any undue or unrea-
sonable merit for the graduates of West Point;
but I think we shall all agree that during the
war we have just passed through, not only the
officers who have gone into the Army from
civil life, not only the rank and file of our
troops, but the officers who are graduates of
West Point, at least, as well, have all com-
mended themselves most highly to the favor-
able consideration of the country.
A great deal has been said about the neces-
sity of a West Point education for men to buy
biscuit. I do not think it is a question of ne-
cessity. I do not think it is a question as to
whether an education itself at West Point shall
be required for this department. But this
department does afford one of those sources
of promotion, one of those rewards of merit,
which certainly ought to be open to every de-
serving man in the Army. It is in itself but a
trifle, it is true. Probably in the ordinary
course of vacancies that shall occur in this de-
partment there will not average two appoint-
ments a year ; but I am entirely unwilling, as
a matter of principle, to say that in military
offices, in offices requiring military knowledge
or military education to administer successfully,
as I claim these places in the subsistence de-
partment do require to a large extent—I am
entirely unwilling that any one of these should
be closed against officers of the Army of any
character whatever.
In the present organization of this depart-
ment, the organization as it existed during the
whole of the war of the rebellion, or during
the most of it at least, the head of the depart-
ment is and has been a graduate of West Point.
As to the efficiency, ability, and integrity with
which he has managed the affairs of that de-
partment I think there is no question what-
ever. Other gentlemen connected with the de-
partment have distinguished themselves by their
administration of its business. Others who are
graduates of West Point have acquired in the
service of this bureau no less distinction, no
less good repute among all who are familiar
with their operations, than has been acquired
by themselves and others in the field. And
many of those who are officers of West Point
now in this department have distinguished
themselves greatly in the field before receiving
their appointment as well as on detailed service
while they have held their commissions here.
I submit that there is no sufficient reason
why this clause should be retained in this bill,
standing,_as it were, as a sort of stigma upon
W est Point, a mark of exclusion of officers
from a certain line of promotion in the Army.
I can see no reason why we should not equally
exclude them from the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's department. Indeed tho chairman of the
committee, I understand, substantially admits
it. ^ The truth is, both these departments re-
quire not merely business capacity, but they
also involve in no small degree full and accu-
rate knowledge of military organization, of mil-
itary law, and of the theory upon which the
system of our Army organisation is based. I
certainly hope that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will consent that this
