3108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
taries of the Treasury; nor was it objected to
seriously. It would not be fair to say that it
was not objected to at all, but it was not seri-
ously objected to, and its indorsement by the
Committee on Finance of the Senate caused
its adoption here.
The objection to it is of a twofold character:
first because of its not being a very good system.
I admit that; but I say in answer to that sug-
gestion that it grew out of the necessities of the
case, which weie peculiar and extraordinary in
their character. The next objection grows out
of the present political attitude of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. As was stated by the
honorable Senator from Maine of himself, I
may say of myself that I shall not be accused
of sympathizing with the peculiar position of
the honorable Secretary of the Treasury ; I
shall not be accused of approving the speech
which the Senator from Iowa listened to and
which fell from his lips recently in the capital.
I think the whole project of developing the opin-
ions of Cabinet ministers by such a process as
that was, is an ineffable disgrace to those that
engaged in it. I think that every member of
the Cabinet who was not a willing party to it
and who did not invite it as a means of devel-
oping his opinion—and 1 do not say that any
did—would have done himself infinite honor
by refusing to appear before that band of wan-
dering minstrels, night-hawks, political scrubs,
miserable dependents, political fungi that got
up that so-called serenade and perpetrated it.
I think that these practices have gone just
about far enough near this Government. 1
think that when the heads of Departments can-
not bold their opinions, and whatever opinions
their judgments and their consciences give
them, without being amenable to the depend-
ents in the Departments", and in addition to
them the other class that are seeking political
places and appointments, and without being
subject to their call, to deliver those opinions
whenever they shall see lit. it is a pretty hard
state of the case. 1 hope that we have had
the end of political serenading, and speeches
in response lo such serenades, in this country.
I wish that, the public opinion of the country
was of so elevated and stern a'character that it
would stamp the man, be; he the head of a De-
partment. or otherwise, who sought, to promul-
gate opinions in response to such miserable
plans and proceedings.
So much for my opinion of that whole busi-
ness. 1 need say nothing of the character of
the speeches, lint, .sir, as Secretary of the
Treasury, as an economical, honest, conscien-
tious officer of a Dcpaittuenl, 1 believe (and 1
assert only what I believe upon close obscrva-
tiou and some little personal experience) that
the present Secret a ry of t he Ti easury is as good
an officer as over occupied the place he now
(ills. I believe that, and believing it, 1 say it.
1 think that, a little duty is incumbent upon
him about this time, and that duty consists in
dismissing from the public service those creat-
ures who assail another branch of the Govern-
ment. This business of mutuality of assault
has reached very nearly far enough and ought
to stop, and the Secretary of the Treasury
should not encourage it, by keeping in the pub-
lic employ, under Ins direction, any man, no
matter who he is, who makes himself promi-
nent, in it; and it is his duty to dismiss lnm
from the public service forthwith, and 1 hope
he will do it, and see the line of his duty in
doing it.
But. sir, 1 cannot, agiee with my associates
in the Senate that we .should at. once declare a
want of conlidencc in the head of the Tieas-
urv Department by refusing an appropriation
in this shape, because the appropriation is com-
mitted to his discretion. Like appropriations
have been committed to the discretion of his
predecessors in view of the extraordinary cir-
cumstances that I have named, and the discre-
tion has been fairly and honestly exercised. I
believe it will be so by liim, and I think that
no issue should be made of a political charac-
ter as against^ the Secretary of the Treasury
upon a proposition of this kind.
Mr. J3HERMAN. I feel it but right and
just, that I should say a few words in regard
to this amendment,, because I consider myself
to some extent responsible for it, and I shall
therefore state the circumstances which led
the Committee on Finance to adopt it. At
the last session of Congress the first appro-
priation of this kind was made. It was made
at the request of the then Secretary of the
Treasury, now a member of the body; but it
was made under circumstances which com-
pelled us either to adopt the amendment
making an appropriation of $250,000 or to in-
crease the pay of nearly all the officers of the
Treasury Department. According to my rec-
ollection now, a bill had passed the House of
Representatives increasing the pay, perhaps,
of all the clerical force in all the Departments
twenty per cent. Other propositions of vari-
ous kinds were pending to increase the pay
of officers of the Treasury Department. We
had to choose, therefore, between either a
general increase of the pay of the clerical
force of all the Departments, of the Treas-
ury Department especially, or to appropriate
a specific sum to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to retain the most valuable of
his employes. At that time I was acting as
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and
remember very well that the Secretary of the
Treasury applied to us for a temporary appro-
priation to enable him to retain those ollicers
until such time as the pay of the ollicers might
be properly graduated.. That was toward the
close of the war, when we were in reasonable
hopes that the war would end; and there was
an indisposition on the part of the Secretary j
of the Treasury and the Committee on Finance
to enter upon the question of the increase
of the pay of the different employes of the
Government.
Under these circumstances, as a matter of
economy, as a matter of prudence, we made
an appropriation of $'250,000 to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to distribute this
money according to his judgment of the public
exigency. This was the first appropriation of
that kind that had been made. Up to that
time appropriations had been made of a some-
what similar character, but different in amount,
for extra clerical force. The first appropria-
tion 1 find made of that kind was made in
IKOO, before the war, which authorized the
Secretary of the Treasury to " pay for extra
clerk hire, preparing and collecting informa-
tion to bo laid before Congress, said clerks to
be employed only during the session of Con-
gress, or when indispensably necessary to
enable the Department to answer some call
made by cither House of Congress at one ses-
sion to bo answered at another ; and no such
extra clerk shall receive more than S:J 33} per
day for the time actually and necessarily em-
ployed and that was paid out of the miscel-
laneous fund.
The next appropriation I find for extra ser-
vices was in the year following, or rather at
the special session in July, 18(i], after the war
had commenced. It was an appropriation
"for contingent expenses, including compen-
sation of additional clerks who may be em-
ployed by the Secretary according to the exi-
gencies of the public service, and additional
compensation for extra labor of clerks in his
office, $25,000.'' The next appropriation I
lind was in the year following, when there was
an appropriation 'Tor compensation of addi-
tional clerks who may bo employed by the
Secretary according to the exigencies of the
public service, $50,000.''
The next appropriation was made the year
following, and I will say that every year an
appropriation of this kind was made from that
time until the appropriation now referied to.
The next appropriation was "for compensa-
tion of temporary clerks in the- Treasury De-
partment; provided that the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized in
his discretion to classify the clerks according
to the grade of their services, or assign to such
of them as he shall see fit any compensation
not exceeding that of clerks of the firft class,
$200,000."
That was in 1863. In the winter of 1804-65
the appropriation now in controversy was made.
It was made under the circumstances which I
have mentioned and I have no doubt that it
was wisely made. We were compelled by the
circumstances by which we were surrounded
either to increase the pay of the officers in the
Treasury Department or to make this appro-
priation and place it in the power of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to give to officers of that
Department increased pay. The only question
now is in regard to- the disposition of it. A
portion of this money was assigned by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to clerks of the higher
class, and there was a good deal of complaint
made by clerks of the lower grades of this dis-
tribution of the money. There was still unex-
pended when Congress met about one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars of this money, and
the question is, what shall be done with it? If
there was no further disposition made by the
Secretary of the Treasury, as a matter of course
it would go back into the general fund; but
there was a constant pressure by persons who
claimed that they were entitled to money for
its distribution.
In this amendment, reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, we thought that the first
and second class clerks were not entitled to
this money, because they were fairly compen-
sated at the rates of $1,200 and $1,400 a year.
At any rate, they had no peculiar claims to the
money. The question was then, what should
be done with the money? We concluded that
it was right lo give to the women employed in
the Treasury Department, whose compensation
has been 8000 part of the time, part of the
time $720, in the nature of a gratuity, $100
each. It is true this is no more defensible
than the appropriation of the whole of the
money to the lower grade of clerks ; but partly,
perhaps, on account of the gallantry of the
committee, a feeling of sympathy for the ladies,
and the fact that they only got about one half the
pay of first-class clerks who did the same kind
of duties, we unanimously, I believe, agreed to
give each of them $100. That reduces the
fund very materially, so that the balance on
hand would not be, perhaps, more than thirty
or forty thousand dollars. I do not know that I
can tell; perhaps fifty or sixty thousand dollars.
At any rate, $100 each to the ladies employed
in the Treasury reduced the fund very much.
Then the question was, what should bo done
with the balance? If distributed pro rata
among the clerks of the first and second classes,
it would pay them but sixty dollars apiece,
according to the estimate, perhaps less than
that. This was scarcely sufficient to induce
an additional disbursement, and the committee
concluded that it, was better to let the balance
lapse to thegeneral fund as money unexpended.
That is the whole history of the disposition of
that $'250,000.
In regard to the appropriation made for
temporary clerks in the Treasury Department
and for additional compensation to clerks in
that Department,, I feel as strongly as any one
the objection made to allowing the Secretary
of the Treasury to distribute money among
the clerks of his Department; and at the very
moment that Congress can wisely approach
the question of permanent salaries for all the
officers of the Government and settle that ques-
tion upon a wise and just basis, this appropria-
tion ought to ccase. Indeed, before the war the
appropriation did not exist. The objection
made to it by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois is potent and is unanswerable. It would
not be wise in my judgment to place any sum
Sermanently at the disposal of the head of a
'epartment to distribute among the various
classes of clerks. It is very unpleasant, to the
Secretary. It will make all sorts of demands
upon him. The Secretary will be compelled
to legislate in the distribution of this money.
It is a very unpleasant duty. I do not impute
anything wrong in saying that I would myself,
if I had any power of this kind, desire to have
