1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2149
clause of the section be stricken out, or that
the House, in any event, will unite in saying
that it ought not to be retained.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not rise to debate the
pending question, but for the purpose of mak-
ing a correction in the Globe report of the pro-
ceedings of Friday last, sincc which time I have
been detained from the House by sickness. I
am reported in the Globe as saying that the
" longevity ration applies only to the infantry
branch of the service." What I did say was
that "the longevity ration applies from the in-
stant an officer is commissioned in the service,
without regard to change of corps or title."
I was replying at the time to a remark of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] who
maintained that the proposed change of titles
in the quartermaster's department would de-
prive the officers affected of their right to lon-
gevity rations.
One word further on another point. Yester-
day the honorable chairman of the Military
Committee [Mr. Schexck] intimated that I
had procured the amendment giving advanced
rank in the Adjutant General's department
because it would promote some of my friends.
The friends of mine that would thus be pro-
moted are the friends of every member of Con-
gress who has had business at the War Depart-
ment, and in no other sense. I have 110 kins-
man or constituent or old acquaintance to be
helped or hindered by the amendment. I count
many of the officers of the Adjutant General's
department my friends, and I am proud to do
so, but I was actuated solely by a desire to
promote the interests of the public service in
procuring advanced rank for that department.
I desire to say nothing more on the subject.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs a
question in reference to this section, if he will
give me his attention. There are now, 1 be-
lieve, twenty-nine officers on this staff corps,
of whom twenty-four are graduates of West
Point, and five are not. The last clause of the
section, which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hale] moves to strike out, declares that—
Hereafter no graduate of the United States Mili-
tary Academy, being at the time in the Army oi'the
"United States, or having been therein at any time
for three years next preceding, shall bo eligible to
appointment as an officer in the subsistence depart-
ment.
Now, the question which I ask the gentle-
man is this: whether if a vacancy occurs in this
department among any of these officers, the
whole of the twenty-four officers who are grad-
uates of West Point, and who are now in this
department, are to be excluded from being
appointed to fill that vacancy; in other words,
whether they are not totally shut out fio in pro-
motion as vacancies occur, and whether pro-
motion in the future is not, by the terms of this
prohibition, confined to the five gentlemen in
the department who arc not graduates of West
Point?
I will yield for a moment to the chairman of
the committee to answer that question, for I
wish to have his views upon that point.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I have not the slightest
idea that that would be the effect of the sec-
tion ; certainly that was not the intention of
the committee in framing the bill. I suppose
that in making appointments to the subsist-
ence departments they would be made as
before, under any fair construction of this bill;
but if the gentleman has any doubt about it, I
shall be very glad of any suggestion of phrase-
ology which will accomplish the object the
committee has in view more perfectly than it
is, perhaps, accomplished by this section.
Mr. THAYER. I will avail myself of the
offer made by the gentleman from Ohio by sug-
gesting a modification which will prevent that
result. I never had a stronger conviction upon
any question of law than that which I have in
reference to this, and I ask the attention of the
lawyers of the House to the phraseology of
this prohibition. I undertake to say that no
lawyer in the House will dispute the point,
after a careful examination of the phraseology
of this section, that its effect would bo precisely
what I allege it would be. Could anything be
plainer than this, when you say that hereafter
"no graduate of the United States Military
Academy" shall be eligible to appointment as
an officer in the subsistence department? Sup-
pose a major, for instance, in that department
should be appointed hereafter a lieutenant col-
onel or a colonel by way of promotion, would
not that be an appointment in the subsistence
department? Does he not have to be appointed
by the President of the United States? Is it
not necessary to send his nomination to the
Senate and must he not be confirmed by that
body? Why, every one will see that an ap-
pointment by way of promotion to fill a vacancy
is just as much an appointment as an original
appointment; and that when the language of
the section excludes all graduates of West
Point from receiving any appointment in the
future in the subsistence department, it cuts
off absolutely from promotion every officer in
that department who was a graduate of that
institution.
I will not take up the time of the House by
any further remarks upon that point. I do
not think that any gentleman who will care-
fully examine the provision can disagree with
me in opinion upon this point; but as the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Suhenck] expresses his
willingness that the language of the section
shall be modified so as to prevent that result,
I will offer such a modification.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I had occasion yes-
terday to make a few- remarks in vindication
of West, Point. And as this is the first feature
in the bill which would seem to create invid-
ious distinctions against the graduates of that
institution, 1 desire to lay before the House a
little information respecting the institution,
which T have collected since the adjournment
on yesterday.
We all recollect that before the Mexican war
there was very great opposition to the Acad-
emy. But the success in the Mexican war of
the officers graduating there rather quieted the
feeling.
We have been told that the Academy at West
Point was a place where the sons of rich men
were educated. I know that from an examina-
tion made at the time it was found that a large
majority of those appointed to West Point were
from the medium walks of life. We were told,
also, that favoritism was shown there, and yet
I know that upon one occasion the son of the
then General-in-Chief of the armies of the
United States was dismissed fiom the institu-
tion, and the son of the tailor who furnished
the uniforms for the young men graduated at
the head of his class.
But recently wc have been told, in one of the
prominent journals of the country, that the
officers at West Point were a knot of lazy pen-
sioners, and officers who decline to fight except
in a gentlemanly manner. I have a statement
showing what was done by the officers of the
regular Army during the late war.
When the war began there were about twelve
hundred officers in the regular^ Army, but of
that number one hundred and eighty-one were
left dead upon the field of battle, and nearly
five hundred were wounded; or more than one
half of all the officers of the regular Army were
either killed or wounded in the various battles
of the war. I consider that rather hard fighting
than gentlemanly fighting; I consider the result
an indication of bravery, of skill, of love of
profession, and love of country, rather than
otherwise.
At the commencement of the war there were
among the officers of the regular Army eight
hundred and twenty who were graduates of
West Point. Under the law distributing the
appointments to the Military Academy, the
South, of course, had its proportion; and hence
a large number of the graduates were from the
South. Out of the eight hundred and twenty,
only one hundred and ninety-seven resigned
and entered the confederate service, leaving
six hundred and twenty-three out of the eight
hundred and twenty, loyal to the Government
which educated them.
I think this is a comment upon West Point
and the regular Army which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] certainly ought to
consider before he undertakes to create invidi-
ous distinctions against them.
Sir, of the six hundred and twenty-three
officers who remained loyal, one hundred and
thirty-eight were from the South, being nearly
ono halt of the number of the graduates from
the South; a triumphant answer to the charge
that West Point is a nursery of treason. I do
nor, believe that any department of the Gov-
ernment furnished so large a proportion of
southern men who adhered to the Union as
the regular Army and West Point.
There is another fact which is quite signifi-
cant. Out of over two hundred officers ap-
pointed to the Army from the South and from
civil life, not graduates of West Point, there
were scarcely half a dozen who did not prove
false totheirallegiance. Assuredly this proves
that the influence of West Point, and of the
education which it affords, has not been unfa-
vorable to loyal feeling. Out of eight hundred
and twenty graduates in the Army at the com-
mencement of the war, only one hundred and
ninety-seven left the Army and joined the con-
federate forces. While out of those appointed
from the South from civil life, less than half
a dozen remained loyal.
Take the other Departments of the Govern-
ment, even the heads of the Departments, the
judges of the Supreme Court, members of the
Senate and members of the House, and com-
pare their record with that which West Point
has produced, and I assure you it will be found
that the loyalty of West Point men far exceeded
the loyalty of those occupying high positions
under the Government.
Mr. GiUNNELL. I should like to ask my
friend whether there is not a difference between
the position of those who have been educated
at Government expense and who have taken
solemn oaths to support the Constitution, and
civilians who were under no such obligation;
and whether the gentleman's argument is not
weak in overlooking this distinction.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. No, sir; it is strong.
I contend that when a man becomes a citizen
of the Government and takes an oath to sup-
port the Constitution and laws of that Govern-
ment, there is no palliation under which he
may shield himself when he departs from the
obligations of his oath. And although it may
be said that it is more ungrateful in a graduate
of West Point, having received an education
at the expense of the Government, to prove
untrue, than it would be for a man appointed
from civil life, the facts show that the grad-
uates of' West Point do feel this gratitude ; for
of those from the South appointed from civil life
scarce one remained true, while of those edu-
cated at public expense, more than three fourths
of all remained loyal to their flag, and more
than half of them were either killed or wounded
in tho course of the war.
I think this shows conclusively that the
teachings of that institution are in favor of
loyalty, exciting a love of country which, dur-
ing the rebellion, has indicated itself: and here,
in my judgment, is an additional reason why
the institution should be sustained, and that
there should be no inv idious distinctions against
its graduates.
Mr. TIIAYER. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "department" in line
twenty-three, the following:
But this provision bhall not extend to graduates of
West Point now in tho subsistence department.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I have no objection to
that whatever.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would like to suggest to
the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs another modification of this
section. I suggest that there should be added
at the end of the section the words * «nles3
disqualified by reason of wounds received while
in the line of his duty." There are, I have no
