2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
doubt, many officers who, by reason of wounds,
arc disqualified for active field service, but who
can yet perform the duties of commissaries as
well as any others.
Mr. SCllEXCK. For reasons which I will
assign if the amendment, bo moved, I cannot
consent to that.
The SPEAKER. The motion would not be
in order now.
Mr. TAYLOR. I simply desired to throw
out the suggestion.
Mr. THAYER. I demand the previous ques-
tion on my amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Tiiayeii
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
II.vi.u to strike out the last sentence of the sec-
tion as printed.
Mr. SOIIBNCK. I desire to submit a few
remarks in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ham;.] It seems to mo that gen-
tlemen in their eulogies upon West Point and
upon those who have had tho honor to bo
graduates of the Military Academy, run away
emiroly I mm the issue which is presented, or
which at least it is desired shall be presented
to this Uon-'e by the provisions contained in
the section sis reported by the Commiit.ee on
Military A Hairs. Gentlemen say it is a dis-
crimination against graduates of the United
States Military Academy to provide that they
shall not be eligible to selections for oilicc in
the subsistence department. Now, there is
another light in which that may bo viewed;
and i may here repeat, without rearguing it, a
proposition which 1 stated yesterday.
Slull in the art of war, thorough instruction
in military science, such us is obtained at a
national school like that we have established
at West Point, is not necessary to make a com-
petent ofiieer of subsistence. So lac is this
from being the case that liny man from civil
life, having good business habits and character,
accustoini'il to trade and to make contracts,
understanding something about the ordinary
uffairs relat ing to t he subjects of 1 hose contracts,
is likely to be quite as well, if not better, qual-
ified than a man who lias turned his attention
exclusively to the acquiring of technical knowl-
edge in llKMiartieular lino of war.
I lay that down as a proposition from which
all the lost follows.
Now, sir, how do those gentlemen get this
information? It is afforded to them at the
expense of' the Government. Il is education
given by the Government to those who, under
the law, receive the appointments to West
Point, 'flic Government, wliieh gives educa-
tion has the right, to impose what conditions it
will as ainiui'i the terms upon which that edu-
cation shall be conferred. Is it unreasonable to
say to lho*e gentlemen, when we give them a
four years' education, at great cost, at a pub-
lic institution maintained from the Treasury
of the country for the purpose of instructing
them in all that relates to the technical knowl-
edge of war, they shall not throw nil that
away by going into a situation which requires
no such technical knowledge?
Whv did we propose to put this condition in
the bill in regard to the subsistence depart-
ment? Uecause experience has proved there
is an eul in that department to be cured. If
you take the Army liegister prior to the war,
never but one man was appointed who was
not educated at tlse United States Military
Academy, and he only from happening to be
son of the thief of the department. After the
war begam up to 180:5, but a single appoint-
ment nut from graduates of West" Point, and
including 1 mi;!, only some three or four. On
the contrary, gentlemen graduating, it is to be
presumed, reasonably high in their class, for
we find them in 'he artillery branch of the ser-
vice, have been again and again appointed to
the subsistence department. Congress here
intervenes and declares by law that hereafter
it will be expected the department shall not
be made, up of men who have been educated
at the public expense for other purposes. That
is the whole case.
Suppose the ArmyRegistershowed you could
not get a chaplain in unless educated at West
Point, that you could not get a surgeon in un-
less, in addition to his knowledge as a surgeon,
you superadded graduation at West Point,
would not Congress feel itself authorized to
intervene and say by law this is not wdiat wc
educated these gentlemen for? Therefore I
repeat what I said yesterday, just in proportion
as gentlemen say graduates of West Point are
good engineers, capable artillerists, excellent
infantrymen, gallant and skillful cavalrymen,
just in proportion as we have educated them
for occupation in these particular branches of
real war, we say that it is not unreasonable in
us to expect they shall confine themselves to
that for which we educated them.
i will not be drawn olf into the comparative
merits and demerits of West Point cadets or
West Point graduates. There might be a great
deal answered to what has been said on that
subject. All comparisons are odious, and very
often, if they comprise allusions to a whole
class of men, they arc as unjust and ungenerous
as tliey arc odious.
No man has a higher idea for the purposes
of war of the military knowledge acquired in
this military school than I have, but it does not
follow from that we must therefore give to the
gentlemen who have these qualifications, and
who have corresponding-good qualities of mind
and character and courage and integrity in the
general, all the places, as well those which re-
quire no such military education as those which
do. It is unjust. It is not part of the con-
tract.
But when gentlemen would speak of West
Point they had better speak of it with bated
breath, even on this question of remarkable
loyalty. 1 admit the great body of the grad-
uates of West Point, when the trial came,
espoused the cause of the country and fought
under the flag under which they had received
their education, but I do not so much wonder
they generally did that, as I abominate, despise,
and denounce the infernal and damnable spirit
of those who committed double perjury, going
olf to the cneiny after they had thus been
educated. I draw the distinction that my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Giu.vnci.i.J drew. 1 say if
civilians, if ci\il officers, if men in the ordi-
nary walks of life, subjected to the political
inlluences which surrounded them, with mis-
taken ideas mixed up with this heresy of seces-
sion, went oft' to the South and fought, against
their Government, that is more easily to be
accounted for than that men, educated under
the (lag of the country and at its expense,
enjoying its emoluments and houors and under
the obligation to defend that flag, should have
committed a double perjury, such as Robert E.
Lee and others did when (hey deserted that
llag. A good many of them who remained
loval. as it is termed, my friend from Vermont
«ill himself admit manifested only a qualified,
moderate, and temperate sort of loyalty.
Now. I do not say this in general disparage-
ment of West Point. 1 would repel any attack
upon the Military Academy or its graduates,
as if they had generally shown a lukewarmness
in the great cause of the country. But while
I make that admission, I do not believe, on the
other hand, in any of these comparisons, any of
these allusions, which would seem to uphold
the idea that West Point, above all other insti-
tutions, had sent foith men who had particu-
larly signalized themselves as being peculiarly
devoted to the country which had protected,
nourished, educated, and provided for them.
But, sir, all this, I repeat, is out of the question.
It is no part of it. The question presented really
by the committee when they proposed that as
a feature of the bill, is one of the simplest pos-
sible to be conceived. It does not involve any
inquiry into the comparative fairness or unfair-
ness exercised toward men who are graduates
or cadets at West Point, iu reference to their
origin as being more or less exalted or humble.
Why that is brought in I do not understand;
nor why a comparison should be made between
the sou of a professor there and the son of a
tailor. I believe in these latter days it is not
considered a thing otherwise than to be boasted
of to have been connected with that honorable
profession—a tailor. [Laughter. ] We are not
to be drawn aside into any such digression.
I repeat that the whole of this matter is in a
nutshell. We educate these men at the pub-
lie cost. We have places enough for them in
the Engineer corps, in the cavalry, in the in-
fantry, in the bureaus, and in the different
staff departments, and we say to them, as the
peculiar education which we give you was in-
tended to qualify you for these places, if you
will insist upon finding your way into other
places not requiring this peculiar kind of knowl-
edge, and if those who have the management
of affairs will indulge you in getting these places,
wo will cut off all possibility by law and hold
you to your calling as military men, peculiar
and special, tor which you were educated at
the public expense.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hale, no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Datvbs)
ordered tellers; and appointed Messrs. Hale
and Schexck.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 23, noes 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. IIALE. I move an amendment to sec-
tion nineteen, which will, I think, commend
itself both to the chairman of the committee
and the House. 1 move to strike out from
and including the word "reducing" to and
including the word "ten," andto insert in lieu
thereof the following:
In the grade of captain, no other officer of that
grade shall be appointed until the number of cap-
tains shall bo reduced to ten, and thereafterthenum-
ber of captains in that doparLmont shall bo limited
to such reduced number.
So that the clause will read:
But after tho first appointments made under tho
provisions of this section, as vacancies may occur
in tho grade of captain. 110 other ofiieer of that grade
shall he appointed until thenumberof captains shall
bo reduced to ten, and thereafter tho number of cap-
tains in that department shall be limited to such
reduced number.
I understand the chairman of the committee
to make no objection to this amendment.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I do not assent to it. If
you will say nothing upon it I will say nothing,
and you may move the previous question.
, Mr. HALE. "Very well. 1 move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and the question
being put on agreeing to the amendment, no
quorum voted.
The SPEAKEItpro tempore ordered tellers;
and appointed Messrs. Hale, and Harding of
Illinois.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 35, noes 61.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Woodbridge, to strike out the whole of
section nineteen, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That tho subsistence department of the Army shall
hercaiter consist ol the officers now authorized bylaw
namely one commissary general of subsistence, witli
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brisradinr Ken-
cral; two assistant commissary generals, with tho
* ** , vuiviici ut cuvuuj;
ci.3ht commissaries, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
-li ^lajors cavalry; and sixteen commissa-
neb, witli tuo rank, pay, and emoluments of captains
of cavalry.
1 ho question being ialcen 011 agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes *28, noes 64, the
Speaker pro tempore voting in the affirmative
to make a quorum.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
> The twentieth section was then read, as
follows:
Sec. 20. And be it further emoted. That the Provost
Marshal's Bureau shall hereafter consist of a provost
