1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
explosion at the arsenal.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which were read, considered, and agreed
to:
"Whereas by the lato explosion at the United States
arsenal, in the District of Columbia, several Govern-
ment employes were killed, and others terribly mu-
tilated; and whereas it is alleged that one or more oi
the killed left large families in destitute circum-
stances: Therefore, .
ItesoPbed That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be directed to inquire into the matter, and
report to this House what relief, if any, should be
rendered by the United States Government.
pennsylvania war claim.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to reimburse the State of Pennsyl-
vania for expenses incurred for the pay of the
soldiers of that State to repel the rebel invasion
of 18G3; which, was react a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
internal revenue.
Mr. IIIGBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend sections ninety-four and
one hundred of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on tlie public debt, and
for other purposes," approved June 20, 1SG1;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
income tax.
Mr. ANCONA* by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Rezoh-rJ, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be. and they arc hercbv, reqaested to inquire, first, as
to the construction of the internal revenue act in re-
spect to tilc assessment oflhe income tax, whether the
regulations of the Department and action thereon in
respect to deductions and allowances made are in ac-
cordance with tho letter and intention of said act:
second, whether the amount (^u00) allowed by said
act for the support of a family should not, in view of
the ercatty enhanced cost of living, be increased to
51,000.
pennsylvania wap, claim again.
Mr. SCIIENCK. There was a motion adopted
a few moments ago referring to the Committee
on Appropriations a Pennsylvania claim for
damages. I move to reconsider that reference
with the view of sending tho claim to the Com-
mittee of Claims. It is not to appropriate
money under any law for an existing and ac-
knowledged claim.
Mr. MYERS. I must oppose tho motion
to .reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Tho bill provides for an appropriation of
$000,000. This bill is tho same that was re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means
at the last session of Congress, which passed
the House, and failed in the Senate only for
lack of time to reach it.
Mr. SCIIEN CK. Tliat is precisely the rea-
son for my motion, that this bill is an old ac-
quaintance. I would rather submit it to some
committee other than that of the Committee on
Appropriations, even with the advantage of the
counsels of the distinguished member from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who is at the
head of that committee. We know that it will
probably fare very well in the Committee on
Appropriations, as it did before in the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. But i wish to have
it investigated as a claim, and not as an appro-
priation, proceeding, asit were, upon the ground
that wo concede the propriety of making tlai -
payment to Pennsylvania. Let it first be looked
into upon its merits again by this Congress,
whatever former Congresses may have done.
My reason for interfering was precisely because
' I did recognize in it an old acquaintance.
Mr. 3.IVKiiS. I am sorry the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. SimiemkJ objects {■> tho bill
because the last Cunj(Tt>Si s- iw fit, after full >lis-
eu.^ioo. to j.a.-.sir. and also, because the dis-
tin;_ui^lit'd member front lYnmylvaaia [Mr.
Sv i..v i :xj is at the head oi' the Committee ou
Appropriations to which it is now referred.
Nov/ I take it there can be no doubt that that
committee will act as fairly upon this matter as
any committee in this House.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I do not say otherwise.
I said I was not willing to send it to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, even though it should
have the advantage of the supervision of the
chairman of that committee.
Mr. MYERS. That was very delicately said,
I know, but it implied at the same time an in-
sinuation that a Pennsylvania member would
take better care of her interests than an Ohio
member would. I have no doubt that Ohio is
opposed to it, though the gentleman says Ohio
has a claim just like this of Pennsylvania.
Now the facts are these: there was no other
claim presented before this House during the
last Congress by any other State, or anybody,
for the pay of soldiers who fought in the service
of the United States, and who were specially
called out for that purpose.
There have been imaginary or fictitious claims
for bounties and expenses incurred by various
States; but this is no such claim. It was passed
by the House at the last session after full dis-
cussion ; and I doubt not, when it comes before
the House again—when an appropriation shall
bereported,as beyond doubt it will be reported
—the sense of justice of this House will, with
very little discussion, recognize thepropriety of
the appropriation for this claim.
1 did not intend at this time to discuss the
merits of the bill; and if there had been ori-
ginally a motion to refer it to the Committee of
Claims, I should not perhaps have objected to
it; but I object now, becausothebillhas already
been referred to an appropriate committee, and
because tho gentleman takes exception to it for
a reason which I cannot fully understand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman, what is the nature of this claim?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If it be
in order, I will move tliat the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the (able.
The SPEAKEit. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Myf.'is] has not yielded the floor.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Inueusoll] inquires what is the nature of
this claim. If the bill had been read, it would
have explained itself. Its object is to reim-
burse th c State of Pennsylvania for money paid
to soldiers of that State who were called into
the service of the United States to repel- the
invasion of Maryland and Pennsylvania in 1803.
The claim was audited in the Treasury Depart-
ment. Every voucher was presented; and do
objection was found to the bill. Let me say,
too, with the greatest respect for the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Soiien'CK,] that no other State
presented in an authenticated form, ready for
payment, any similar claim.
Mr. Speaker. I now make the motion which
my colleague [Mr. Randall] desired to make,
that the motion to reconsider submitted by the
gentleman from Ohio be laid on the table.
On the motion of Mr. Myi-jcs. there were, on
a division—a\cs 17, noes 34; no quorum vot-
ing.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty minutes past three o'clock p. ni.)
the House, pursuant to concurrent resolution,
adjourned until Friday, January 5, at twelve
o'clock ru.
IN SENATE.
Pain \t, Janvanj ■">. lSG!i.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. U. H. Gr.ay.
The Journal of Thursday, December 21,
180-3, was read and approved.
executive ooytmcntoatron.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting, in obedience to law, eojiies
of the account3 of the superintendents and
agents ha\ ii,e: charge of the Creek. C'neka^aw,
I Seminole, and \\ lehita tribes o{ Indian^, ior
\ the second quarter of theyear ; which was
1 referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, .
message 1'roii the house. . .
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 28) in relation to the
Industrial Exposition at Paris, France.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The,Chair,
has received and been requested to present to
the Senate the memorial of J. W, Downey, pf
Petersburg, Virginia, setting forth in substance
that the petitioner purchased of the late Br*
Mallory, of Norfolk, Virginia, a large and val-
uable farm about five miles from Fortress Mon-
roe ; that the price of the farm was about thirty
thousand dollars, on which he paid about eigh-
teen thousand dollars, and gave his obligations
for the residue of tho purchase price; that dur-
ing the year 1862 or 1863 the Government took
this farm for Government purposes, and dis-.
possessed the petitioner; that about the montli
of March last the estate was sold under the con-
fiscation act, and purchased by Mrs. Mallory,
the widow of Dr. Mallory, of whom he. made
the original purchase, for the sum of $125.
Mrs. Mallory, as the representative of her hus-
band, holds the obligations of the petitioner,,
as he says, for the amount of about twelve thou-
sand dollars, tho residue of the purchase price,
$18,000, having been paid; and he asks that,
such action may be taken as shall be fit and
proper in the premises, he averring that the
sons of Dr. Mallory, who will succeed under
the present aspect of affairs to this estate, were
officers in the confederate army during the war
against the United States, that he himself was
conscripted as a private into the rebel army for
a short time last spring, but that he shed no
blood in the service, and has taken all the oaths
and demeaned himself like a peaceable citizen
sincc tho peace. This memorial, if there bo
no objection, will be referred to the Committee
"on Claims.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of del-
egates of the colored people of the State of
Alabama, assembled in convention at Mobile,
and representing four hundred and thirty-six
thousand nine hundred and thirty citizens of
the United States. They set forth in detail the
condition of the State where they reside, and
call upon Congress to provide some indispen-
sable means of making their freedom secure.
In the course of their memorial, to which I
shall simply call the attention of the Senate
without reading, they say that in the city where
they were assembled in convention several of
their churches had been already burned to the
ground by the torch of the incendiary, and
throats are frequently made to continue the
destruction of their property; the means of
education for their children are secured to them
only by the strong arm of the United States
G overnment against the marked opposition of
their white fellow-citizens, while throughout
the whole State the right to participate in'tlie
franchises of freemen is denied as insulting to
white men, and a respectful appeal addressed
by some of their jicople to the late State con-
vention was scornfully laid upon the table, some
of the members even refusing to hear its read-
ing. They also state that many of their people
daily suffer almost every form of outrage and
violence at the hands of "whites; that in many
parts of the State their people cannot safely
leave the vicinity of their homes; they are
knocked down and beaten by their vhiio fol-
i low-citizens without having offered any injury
!! or insult as a cause; they are arrested and :m-
|i prisoned upon false accusations; their money
!' j  extorted for their release, or they are con-
j 'derailed to imprisonment at hard labor: that
'' many of their'peoplc are now in a condition
of practical slavery, being compelled to serve
' their former owners without pay and to call
, them "master." They express a hope'that
Congress may be led to give them an opportu-
nity io verify these siaUnnevis by suitable testi-
h mony, and ; further hope that Congress will
11 grant them die protection they need. I move.
