1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3111
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out of the appropria-
tions for the War Department, lines five hun-
dred and ninety-four, five hundred and ninety-
five, and five hundred and ninety-six, as fol-
lows :
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to act ol'June 25, 1864, $680.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of
the appropriations for the Adjutant General's
office, lines six hundred, six hundred and one,
. and six hundred and two, as follows :
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to act of June 25,1S64, S480.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike from the
appropriations for the Quartermaster General's
office, lines six hundred and seven, six hundred
and eight, and six hundred and nine, as fol-
lows :
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to act of June 25, 1861, §5,680.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 observe that many
provisions of this kind are stricken out through-
out the bill. I desire to inquire the meaning
of it. I know that some of these subordinate
employes are very poorly paid. I wish to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on
finance what persons this affects, who they
are, and what additional compensation the act
referred to allows them.
Mr._FESSENDEN. The House of Repre-
sentatives, as they went along, made an appro-
priation in the first place for the ordinary sala-
ries, and then for the twenty per ccnt. additional
allowed by another law. The Committee on
Finance thought it best to leave out all these
specific appropriations, and to provide in one
section for all these cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the same thing pro-
vided for in another section ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what we have
done. Perhaps it may be as well to retain the
specific appropriation in each case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no object in
retaining the clause if the matter is elsewhere
provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So the committee
thought. It is for the Senate to decide.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike from the
appropriations for the Paymaster General's
office, lines six hundred and thirteen, six hun-
dred and fourteen, and six hundred and fifteen,
as follows:
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, aceoiding to act ul June 25, 1864, $1,280.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
six hundred and nineteen, six hundred and
twenty, and six hundred and twenty-one from
the appropriations for the Commissary Gen-
eral's office, namely:
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, aceoiding to act of June 25,1864, §520.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was to strike from the
appropriations for the office of the Surgeon
General the following:
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to act of June 25, 1864, $280.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of
the appropriations for the office of the chief
Engineer, lines six hundred and thirty-one, six
hundred and thirty-two, and six hundred and
thirty-three, as follows:
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to act of June 25, 1864, $420.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
appropriations for the office of the Colonel of
Ordnance, lines six hundred and thirty-seven,
six hundred and thirty-eight, and six hundred
and thirty-nine, as follows:
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to act of June 25,1864, $760.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill t,o the close of the appropriations " for the
general purposes of the Northwest Executive
Building," ending on line six hundred and
eighty-one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
lines six hundred and seventy-nine, six hun-
dred and eighty, aud six hundred and eighty-
one, in these words:
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to aet of Juno 25,1S64, S720.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike from the appropriations
'• for the general purposes of the building cor-
ner of F and Seventeenth streets," lines six
hundred and ninety, six hundred and ninet}'-
one, and six hundred and ninety-two, in these
words :
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to aet of June 25,1864, $720.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued to line
seven hundred and two.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move in lines seven
hundred and one and seven hundred and two
to reduce the appropriation fo* compensation
of the Secretary of the Navy, his assistant,
clerks, &c., from §58,800 to $58,140.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next clause, the
appropriation for the Bureau of Yards ami
Docks should bo §19,2-40 instead of $10,040.
I move that amendment in lines seven hundred
and five and seven hundred and six.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next item, in
lines seven hundred and nine and seven hun-
dred and ten, the, appropriation for the Bureau
of Equipment and Recruilingshouldbc £10,140
instead of $10,-120.
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next item, in
lines seven hundred and twelve and seven hun-
dred and thirteen, the appropriation for the
Bureau of Navigation should bo $9,340 instead
of $9,020.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next clause, the
appropriation in lines seven hundred and six-
teen and seven hundred and seventeen for the
Bureau of Ordnance should be $18,820 instead
of $19,11)0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next clause, I
move in lines seven liundied aud twenly aud
seven hundred and twenty-one to make the
appropriation for the Bureau of Construction
and Repair $10,340 instead of $10,020.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next appropriation
for the Bureau of Steam Engineering, in lines
seven hundred and twenty-four and seven hun-
dred and twenty-five, should bo $10,7-40 instead
of $11,020.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next item, for
the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, the
appropriation in lines seven hundred and
twentv-cight and seven hundred and twenty-
nine should bo $24,3-10 instead of $24,020.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next clause, the
appropriation for the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery, in lines seven hundred and thirty-two
and seven hundred and thirty-three, should be
$10,540 instead of $10,820.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the following item in the appro-
priations for the Post Office Department, lines
seven hundred and seventy-seven to seven hun-
dred and eighty:
For compensation of authorized additional, and for
temporary clerks, $37,000: Provided, That the sala-
ries allowed to the female clerks in said Department
shall be $720 per annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike1 out
that proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee oil
Finance was to strike out from the appropri-
ations for the Post Office Department, lines
seven hundred and eighty-one, seven hundred
and eighty-two, and seven hundred and eighty-
three, in the following words:
For additional compensation to subordinate em-
ployes, according to the act of Juno 25,1864, $8,000.
'The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line eight hundred and thirty-two.
The Committee on Finance proposed inline
eight hundred and thirty-one to increase the
appropriation for salaries of the Director, treas-
urer, assayer, inciter and refiner, coiner, &c.,
of the Mint at Philadelphia, from $32,700 to
$li5,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines eight
hundred and forty-one and eight hundred and
forty-two to increase the appropriation for sala-
ries of the superintendent, treasurer, assayer,
inciter and refiner, coiner, and six clerks at the
branch mint at San Francisco, from $30,500 to
$32,000.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eight hundred and forty-two:
For additional compensation to the above six
olerks, at JF500 each,88,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line nine hundred and thirty-seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to make ail
amendment to the clause last read. In line
nine hundred and thirty-six I move to strike
out " by them" and insert '' in carrying into
effect the steamboat inspection law," so as
to make the clause read:
For salaries of ten supervising and fifty-six local
inspectois, appointed undcractof the 30th of August,
1852, for.the better protection of the lives of passen-
gers by steamboats, with traveling and other ex-
penses incurred in carrying into effect the steamboat
inspection law, including the expenses of their an-
nual meeting, SS5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill t.o line nine hundred and seventy-eight..
'The Committee on Finance proposed, in line
nine hundred and seventy-seven, to strike out
"one" and insert " ten" before "thousand;"
so as to read:
Territory of Nebraska:
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, and two
associate judges, and secretary, $10,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to Ihe following clause in lines ten hun-
dred and fifty-four, ten hundred and fifty-five,
ten hundred and fifty-six, and ten hundred
and fifty-seven:
For salaries of the chief justice of the supreme
court of the District, of Columbia, the associate
judges, and judge of the orphans' court, $14,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That clause should be
amended on account of the increase of the sal-
aries of the supreme court of this District by
a bill recently passed by Congress. I move
to make the appropriation $19,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line ten hundred and seventy-one.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strike out the proviso in the following clause:
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts of Congress authorizing loans and the
issue of Treasury notes, $2,000,0000: Provided, That
no further expenditures shall be made for the exper-
imental system of hydrostatic printing by the Treas-
ury Department until such experiments shall have
been definitely authorized by law, and a distinct
appropriation made therefor.
The amendment was-agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line ten hundred and ninety-eight.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert the following items after line ten hun-
dred and ninety-eighy
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to pay two policemen at the President's House, $2,640.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
