1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to it.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to suspend the rules.
The House divided} and there were—ayes
48, noes 51.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended for the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. ELD RIDGE presented^ joint resolution
of the Senate and Assembly of the State of
Wisconsin for a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the Portage Lake and Lake Superior
ship-canal; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. PERHAM submitted the following res-
olution j which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, ThattheCommittee on Invalid Pensions
be directed to inquire what further legislation is ne-
cessary to prevent the transfer or assignment of the
benefits of any pension to brokers or speculators.
Also to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law, that when an applicant lor an invalid pension
shall die while such application is ponding, and attcr
the proof has been completed, and leaving no widow
and no minor child under the age of sixteen years,
his heirs or legal representatives shall be entitled to
reccive tho accrued pension to which the applicant
■would have been entitled had the certificate been
issued before his death; that pensions be paid to
officers or their dependents according to the rank lor
which they were commissioned, when from unavoid-
able reasons they were not duly mustered; that m
the administration of the pension laws the period of
service of any person in the military so', nee shall be
construed to extend to the time of a sbaiidmg the
organization to which such person belonged, or until
their actual discharge for other ca>.se than the ex-
piration of the service of such organization, and to
provide that if any person in the military or naval
servicc shall have died leaving a widow or minor child
or children under the age of sixteen year;?, and said
widow shall abandon the care ol such child or chil-
dren the pension shall be withheld from thesaid widow
and be paid for the support of the said minor child
or children, and report by bill or otherwise.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill for the organi-
zation of a company to construct a railroad and
telegraph from Puget sound to the Columbia
river ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
CIIAXGK 01' MODE OF SURVEYING.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill to au-
thorize a departure from the established mode
of surveying in certain cases; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Brakdegee in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill iN o.
37, making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1867.
The bill was read. ...
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to add the follow-
ing at the end of the bill:
The continuing the erection of memorial tablets
and mural monuments to deceased officers o| trie
regular Army and of volunteers; arranging and pre-
serving trophies of war; and marknig with proper
inscriptions guns captured duung the rebellion,
$5,000.
Mr. Chairman, I will explain my object in
moving the amendment. I will premise my
information arises from the fact that I hap-
pened to be selected as one of the Board ot
Visitors at the last annual examination of the
Academy ; and as president of that board, 1
will say. in conjunction with the other mem-
ber* of the board, a most thorough examina-
tion was made of the institution and all that
pertains to it. The amendment which I oftei
now. as well as some others I will propose
hereafter, embody the conclusions m reference
to some appropriations at which that Board of
Visitors arrived after that examination.
I propose now an appropriation of $5,000 for
continuing the memorial tablets at the chapel
of the Academy, andalso for marking guns cap-
tured during the rebellion with the name of the
battles in which they were taken. Any one who
h as visited West Point will remember that among
the objects of greatest interest there are the tab-
lets of black marble on the walls of the chapel,
giving a brief military history, at least the date
of the death, of the officers who have fallen or
died at any time in the service of the country,
from the earliest revolutionary period down
through the Mexican war. It was thought
proper that this sort of memorial should be
continued, to embrace the officers in the service
of the United States, both of the regular Army
and volunteers, there beiug no distinction made
between them. A small appropriation is neces-
sary for this, and in addition to this, for the pur-
pose of maiking the guns captured during the
rebellion. This is embodied in the recommen-
dation of the Board of \ isitors.
The Superintendent at West Point desired to
mark these guns, and he sent to the chief of the
Engineer corps, now on duty in this city, having
general supervision of the Academy and its in-
terests, and who perhaps may have for a little
time longer, to get the necessary authority or
means for that purpose. The reply was, in sub-
stance, that the guns could not be marked be-
cause it might hurt the feelings of some southern
students who might hereafter come to that
institution.
I will read the correspondence on this sub-
ject, sent to us by the Secretary of War in
answer to a call of this House:
West Poixt, New York, May 27,1865.
Sir- There arc now at this post, for which I am
accountable, upward of thirty, cannon of v.xiious
descriptions and calibers, taken from the rebels in
the pi csent war. Many of them are of historic value,
and not a few, of foreign manufacture, have p.lso a
most interesting liistoi y. All those sune should have
cut upon them, after the manner of those taken m
the Mexican war, such data as will always serve to
identify them, but there are no means whatever at
my disposal at present to accomplish the work. 1
have no man in my detachments sufficiently Mailed
to perform it, and 1 know of no appropriation to
cover the necessary expenditure. I understand tnat
all the Mexican tiophies refeired to were mat Red at
Governor's Island, under the direction of the com-
ma ndinsoflicei of the arsenal there.
I would, therefore, respectfully rocommend that
the matter may be referred to the clnel of Ordnance
it Washington for his consideration, and that these
emu be suitably maiked by the same workmen, if
possible, who did the Mexican guns, at the expense
of that department.
1 remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GriiiOKvjrli -L. oAJjL/li,
Captain Ordnance Corps, and
Instructor Ordnance ana Crunnery.
Captain E. 0. Boynton;,
Adjutant United States Military Academy.
Engineer Department, June 3,1865.
Geneu vl : The letter of Captain Balch, of 27th May,
referred by you to this department, (in relation to
certain captured pruns) has been received.
It is not desirable to inscribe on any of these guns
evidences of capture as trophies of war, to remain at
an institution whero young men from all partsot our
united and once happy country arc to meet and con-
tract. friendships. It should be our sdudy with these
young gentlemen to present nothing ot an irritable or
boastful spirit to be placcdconstantb beforethesight
of those whose section of country suffered by rebcl-
111Let historv tell the ^vils this rebc&ion has produced,
and let us, through the instrumentality of the Mili-
tary Academy, renew its powerful influence m estab-
lishing national fcolincs through the friendships that
are sure to flow from scholastic friendship under mil-
itary training for years. .
These guns should be preserved only as historical
of tho artillery arm of service, indicating the period
and place of manufacture of each caliber, and descrip-
°„[r:omitt,ng
General, and Chief Engineer United States Army.
Brigadier General George W- Cullum, Superintend-
ent United States Military Academy, West Point,Hew
York.
The Board of Visitors concluded that it was
not possible and just as little advisable to un-
dertake to blot out the history of the war of
the rebellion: but on the contrary it was better
to perpetuate it. And the committee were
likewise of opinion that no southern youth was
fit to be educated at West Point until his pa-
triotism should arise to that level when he
would feel glad to see the evidence there that,
even his own people had been put down when
in their madness they attempted to destroy
this Government.
But, sir, to explain the matter more fully
and clearly I will read on this subject the con-
eluding paragraphs of the report which I had:
the honor to make, as president of the Board,
of Visitors, to the Secretary of War in June
last:
"Among many improvements made during the
administration of the present Superintendent is one
of peculiar and touching interest. It is the device
of placing on the walls of the chapel neat niarblo
tablets or mural monuments inscribed with the names
of thosedead Army officers who have in the past been
made illustrious by rank, or gallant deeds of arms,
or have fallen in battle. It was a happy thought to
be executed at this particular place. It is most
fitting that the United States Military Academy, the
nation's great school of arms, should be made, to
perpetuate such names and histories; thus keeping
before the eyes and in the memories of the young
men here educated tho noble example of faithtul
service and devotion to our common country,
"The board recommend that the tasteful and en-
during record thus begun shall be continued; and
that means be furnished to extend the same marks
of respect to all the officers of our Army, regulars
and volunteers alike, who have suffered and fallen
in the war just closed, in a glorious and successful
struggle to vindicate the honor and maintain tho life
of the nation.
"Happy for the recreants who fought to destroy
their Government, if in the light shed from such a
brilliant roll of the faithful their names and treason-
able career could be thrown into deeper shadow
of oblivion 1 i'or continuing tho erection of these
memorial tablets, including a mural monument to
Washington, for which an appropriate design has
been made, the board earnestly recommend an
appropriation by Congress of $5,000. Such a sum
will also enable the Superintendent to fimsha now
incomplete arrangement for the preservation of
many of the most interesting trophies of war which
have accumulated here; and especially to inscribe
suitublv, with the names of battles in which they
wcro taken, some of the finest pieces of ordnance
that have been captured during the rebellion, ana
sent here for keeping. Let these lasting lessons en-
graved on stone and bron'/.e and iron fill and stim-
ulate the hearts and minds of those whose special
task it must be hereafter to aid in upholding and de-
fending our flag and all that it represents. l et those
who may conic here in the future to prepare for such
duty, from States once in insurrection, hail the sight
of these proofs that the parricidal attempt of their
fathers was a failure. And let all unite jn cultivating,
by every help and influence, that which now jnoro
than ever before seems to be the growingand strength-
ening sentiment of this national school of military
and general science, that the tiuest and most pre-
ciousTinterests, duties, and inheritance of the soldier
and the citizen are one, the same, and can never bo
separated."
The question being talcen on the amendment
of Mr. Schexck, it was agreed to.
Mr SCIIENCK. I offer another amendment,,
t'o insert at the end of the bill the following:
For enlarging and improving the cemetery, and for
repairing: the inelosnre thereof, $o,000. ^
Among other matters examined into was the
condition of the cemetery for the burial of those
in the service of the United States who died at
West Point or who are memorialized. We
found it in an extremely dilapidated condition,
the fences down, and overrun with grass. And
we found that there was no appropriation en-
abling either the walks to be repaired or the
fences to bo mended. It is besides crowded
at this time, being very small 111 extent, and it
is thought proper that it should be enlarged.
This is also in accordance with the recommen-
dation of the Board of Visitors, made in their
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer another amendment
in accordance with the same recommendation,
to add the following;
For the removal to a safe place and the reconstruc-
tion of tho magazine, £10,000.
One word as to this. By a peculiar ingenuity
in the exercise of engineering skill, a former
Superintendent of that A cadetny has placed the
magazines just along side of the barracks, o
the soldiers' station there, and upon the slightest
accident the mischief will notstopwith the mag-
azine but must necessarily destroy the neigh-
boring building and whoever may be m it. It
is considered, Ibelieve, by everybody connected
with West Point, a triumph of engineering skill,
so far as any prospective mischief is concerned,
and I believe that is about the only general con-
