2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
lar Army to the force required, or to keep it full
•when once filled. , _ , . ,
Thcduty is an important one, and demands, I think,
the exclusive attention of an officer of the War De-
partment, aided by a well-orcanized system extend-
ing over the country. I think the officer best fitted
for that position, by his experience during tho pres-
ent war, is General Fry, and would recommend that
the whole subject of recruiting be put in his hands,
and all officers on recruiting duty bo directed to re-
port -to him. Hq should also have chargc of the
apprehension of deserters, should bo authorized to
offer such rewards as will secure their apprehension.
When caught they should bo tried, and tho sentence
rigidly ourried into effect; this would soon stop tho
present enormous amount of desertion.
I would recommend that the duties heretofore per-
formed by provost marshals bo hereafter performed
by officers detailed for recruiting duty.
Very respectfully, U.S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton', Secretary of War.
Mr. BLAINE. The House will observe that
the Committee on Military Affairs acted pre-
cisely in accordance with the recommendations
of the Lieutenant General as contained in the
letter which has just been read. The first point
■which the Lieutenant General makes is that the
system of rccruiting carried on under the direc-
tion of the Adjutant General's Office has not
proved efficient, in his judgment, in filling the
Army. In the next place, ho suggests that
some special officer should he detailed to super-
intend the business of rccruiting, and ho names
General Fry as tho proper officer. In the
next place, he states that provost marshals
throughout tho country are not needed, and
that their places should ho filled by rccruit-
ing officers. Provisions in accordance with all
these recommendations are comprehended in
the section which the gentleman from New
York would have stricken out.
Mr. BOTJTWELL. I desire to state that the
facts up to the latest date do not sustain the
opinion of the Lieutenant General. From last
October till April 17, the Adjutant General has
recruited between nineteen and twenty thou-
sand men for the regular Army.
Mr. BLAINE. We acted only on the infor-
mation before us. And when tho gentleman
from New York [Mr. Con'kmno'J qnoics the let-
ter of the Lieutenant General in condemnation
of the report made bv tho Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, 1 merely wish the privilege of
showing that that report was made in express
conformity, verbatim ct literatim, with the rec-
ommendations of that officer's letter, which
came officially before the committee, and which
was not smuggled in in tho manner in which the
letter read by the gentleman from New York
comes before us. That is not an official letter;
it is an unofficial note. The letter just road by
the Clerk is an official note, communicated to
this House l y the Secretary of War on a regu-
lar call, ami referred by the House to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. Speaker, I do not suppose that the House
of Represent atives care anything more than
the Committee on Military Affairs about the
great recruiting frauds in New York, or the
quarrels of the gentleman from New York with
General Fry, in which quarrels it is generally
understood tho gentleman came out second
best at the War Department. I do not think
that such questions ought to ho obtruded hero.
Though the gentleman from New York has
had some difference with General Fry, yet I
take pleasure in saying that, as I believe, there
is not in the American Armva more honorable
and high-toned officer than General Fry That
officer, I doubt not, is ready to meet the gentle-
man from New York or anybody else in the
proper forum. I must say that 1 do not think
lt is any very creditable proceeding for the
gentleman from New York here in this place
to traduce General Fry as a military officer
when he has no opportunity to he heard. I
do not consider such a proceeding the highest
specimen of chivalry that could be exhibited.
The gentleman from New York has had his
issues with General Fry at the War Depart-
ment. They have been adjudicated upon by
the Secretary of W^r ; and I leave it for the
fentleman to say whether he came out first
est, I do not know the particulars; the gen-
tleman can inform the House. All I have to
say is—and in this I believe I Speak the sen-
timent of a majority of the members of this
House—that James B. Fry is a most efficient
officer, a high-toned gentleman, whose char-
acter is without spot or blemish ; a gentleman
who stands second to no officer in the Ameri-
can Army; and he is ready to meet the gen-
tleman from New York and all other accusers
anywhere and everywhere. And, sir, when I
hear the gentleman from New York rehearse
in this House, as an impeachment of General
Fry, all the details of the recruiting frauds in
New York, which General Fry used his best
energies to repress with iron hand, a sense of
indignation carries me beyond my personal
strength and impels me to denounce such a
course of proceeding.
Mr. MERCUR obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] to yield to me.
Mr. MERCUR. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, if General
Fry is reduced to depending for vindication
upon tho gentleman from Maine he is to be
commiserated certainly. If I have fallen to
(ho necessity to taking lessons from that gen-
tleman in the rules of propriety, or of right or
wrong, God help mo.
I say to him further that I moan to take no
advantage such as he attributes of the privileges
of this place or of tho absence of General Fry.
On the contrary, I am ready to avow what I
have here declared anywhere. I have stated
facts for which I am willing to be held respon-
sible at all times and places.
1 say, further, that the statement made by
the gentleman from Maine with regard to my-
self personally and my quarrels with General
Fry, and their result, is false. lie says I
can 
Mr. BLAINE. "What does the gentleman
mean to say was false?
Mr. CONKLING. I mean to say that the
statement made by the gentleman from Maine
is false.
Mr. BLAINE. What statement?
Mr. CONKLING. Docs not the gentleman
understand what I mean ?
Mr. BLAINE. I call the gentleman to
order. 1 demand he shall state what was false
in what I stated. I have the parliamentary
right. 1 demand the gentleman shall state
what is false in what I said.
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Maine will state his point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I have already. The gen-
tleman has denounced my statement as false,
it is my right to have him state in what par-
ticular anything I said or what allegation I
made was false.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho Chair
overrules the point of order. The gentleman
from New York will proceed.
Mr. BLAINE. One single word more.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not yield.
Mr. BLAINE. Do F understand the Speaker
to rule, when a member states that another has
stated falsely, that is no point of order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand that to have been the
point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I raise tho point of
order that the gentleman stated what was un-
parliamentary when he said that I stated what
was false. I have no objection to his going on
to state where it is false.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understood the gentleman to say it was out of
order to pronounce a statement was false with-
out stating wherein it was falss. The Chair
overruled that point of order. If the gentle-
man has another point of order to raise he
will please state it.
Mr. BLAINE. I raise the point of order
that it was not parliamentary for the gentle-
man to use those words.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains that point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I have no objection to his
stating -whereirj it is false.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion it is not parliamentary to pro-
nounce what has been said by any gentleman
in debate here is false. It is not a point of
order well taken to require him to state
wherein it is false.
Mr. CONKLING. Under" the rules the
words objected to should have been taken down
at the time, and the point of order comes now
too late. One who makes such points of order
should be more careful how he makes them.
It is not my disposition, Mr. Speaker, to
engage in personal controversy upon this floor;
but when any member forgets himself so far
as to impute unworthy motives and resentments
to me, when my motives and resentments are
wholly foreign to the matter before the House,
he must expect a rebuff; and when he asserts
offensively that I have had personal quarrels
with a person whose administration anil public
acts are under consideration, and that I have
been worsted in these quarrels, and that, too,
before the Secretary of War and by the Secre-
tary of War, and when that statement has no
foundation in fact, I think the Chair and the
House will agree with me that something is to
be pardoned to the earnestness of the occasion.
I said what I felt bound to say, speaking not
only for my own constituents, but for other
constituencies in New York whose Represent-
atives hear me. I could not remain silent when
I know that in my own district and elsewhere
men who stood up honestly and attempted to
resist "bounty jumpers" and thieves were
stricken down and trodden under foot by Gen-
eral Fry. I'affinn that the only way to acquit
him of venality is to convict him of the most
incredible incompetency. I am responsible for
that, sir, everywhere. I have had no such per-
sonal quarrel with General Fry, however, as
liasbeen asserted. I never chanced to see him
but once, unless I have forgotten it^and when
the gentleman rises here and makes a charge
of that kind, with the insinuation by which he
accompanies it, his conduct calls for some
plainness of speech. And so, using parlia-
mentary language, I reiterate that the state-
ment which was made is erroneous and desti-
tute of that which it should possess in order
to render it admissible in debate. I believe
that is parliamentary, even if the other form
was not.
Now, sir, I want to say a word about this
Mr." MERCUR. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon. I thought
the gentleman yielded the floor to me alto-
gether^ I am very much obliged to him, and
will relinquish the floor at once if he wishes to
occupy it. I thought he intended to yield to
me without qualification, so as to have another
fifteen minutes afterward. But I will instantly
resign it, and thank him for his courtesy. I
ask the gentleman whether I shall go on or not.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to make a single
statement.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand that
any one but the gentleman from Pennsylvania
can claim the floor. "* 
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Mercur] had the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I decline to yield it to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Mercuii] to yield the floor entirely to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxklixg?]
Mr. MERCLR. I did not so understand it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the
gentleman from New York has the right to
resume the floor only by the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Merccr] whether he wishes
now to resume the floor.
Mr. MERCUR. I designed to resume it
after the gentleman, but I will allow him to
go on.
Mr. CONKLING. The letter which has been
read, at the instance of the gentleman from
Maine, from the Lieutenant General, has no
