1B66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
desired is-, not that we shall get the opportunity
of spending money between this and the next
session of Congress, but that we shall have the
plan adopted and permit all the preliminary
arrangements to be. made, and the work to be
carried forward to such a point that we can
secure its completion during the vacation after
the adjournment at the next session. As I said
before, the Senate would still have it within
their power,at the next session to arrest those
changes which X stated in connection with the
roof and ceiling; but I do not believe that the.
Senate ever would arrest them if the work were
once ordered.
I stated, also, that at the opening of the next
session there would lie a complete model of the
Senate wing ready, showing the changes pro-
posed above the Hall, by which members would
be enabled to judge of the question, if indeed
there should then be any question, with regard
to proceeding in completing the improvements
designed. To be sure, you can make appro-
priations for this, that, and the other items
covered by the estimates in the report to wliieh
1 have alluded ; but that would be a very vain
and frivolous mode of proceeding, leading to
no results, bringing us to 110 conclusion, and
securing no valuable and real improvement.
The subject is to be passed upon as a general
proposition, and not in detail.
f do not know that the Senator desired the
particular estimates to be stated. 1 have them
here for each item covered by this appropria-
tion, amounting in the aggregate to a sum a
little exceeding $11:3,000. We voted last year,
without serious question, $1(50,000 for extend-
ing the Congressional Library. A debate took
place on the subject. ■ We thought that object
was sufficient, to warrant the appropriation of
so much money. To be sure, it has not been
all expeuded; it is not all expended even at
this time. Now, sir, if it was worth while for
us to expend $160,000 in extending the Con-
gressional Library, I ask whether it is not
worth while to expend the amount proposed
in the pending amendment for the purpose of
preserving the health and securing the comfort
of one of the branches of the great legislative
department of this Government in future time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator whether he has any assurance that the
work will be done between now and December
next.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is the very point
to which the Senator from-New York spoke a
moment since in putting his question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did not observe it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Only a certain portion
of the. work can be accomplished before the
next meeting of Congress. 1 stated yesterday
that the committee proposed for the next ses-
sion simply to hydrate the air that is to be let
into this Chamber?
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire whether or not that, is not a separate
work from the work that is contemplated in the
upper part of the Chamber?
' Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. Entirely distinct?
Mr. B UCKALEW. But that is not involved
in this plan.
Mr. HARRIS. That is all that is proposed
to be done this year.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is no part of the plan
of the committee. It is a mere temporary
device for the next session. Unquestionably
this roof cannot be elevated and side windows
inserted all around the upper part of the Hall
before the next session of Congress; it is im-
possible ; but the committee have reported an
entire plan, and they ask the Senate to adopt
it as an entire plan securing results. You can-
not take a part of it; you cannot take one frag-
ment of it; you cannot adopt the improve-
ment in one detail and get results. It would
bo just as absurd to have voted last winter for
some part of the additional wing to the Library
of Congress, because it was not proposed to
expend the money before Congress-would bo
'n session aga^i. The Senator will see that
there is no force in his observations, unless you
could separate and divide one part of this plan
of improvement from another.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask
whether the plan proposed in the two wings
will not involve some radical changes in the
center building? Must there not be a propor-
tional elevation given to the center?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The subject of the ef-
fect of the elevation upon the appearance of
the building from the exterior is one upon
which I do not propose to enter. It is insisted
upon, and I believe correctly, that the present
elevation of the Capitol is defective; that it
departs from the order of architecture upon
which the Capitol was originally designed;
that being the Roman Corinthian order, as it
is technically known, and which involves the
breaking of sky lines by irregular elevations;
whereas the sky line of our building is now
horizontal; it is level from one end to the
other. The eye does not rest upon the Senate
or House wing in viewing the Capitol; nothing
is dwelt upon but the dome. It departs alto-
gether in that particular respect from the prin-
ciple of the original design.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I desire to know is,
whether this will render it necessary to change
the elevation of the center of the building.
Mr. BUClvALEW. It was contemplated by
the architect who had charge of the Capitol
extension that there was to be an extensive
addition built in connection with the dome,
and when he resigned his office, about a year
since, he left behind him in his regular annual
report a plan for a change in the center part
of the building. It would involve some future
addition to the structure at the dome ; but we
are not concerncd with that at present. The
amount of elevation upon the Senate wing
would not be considerable, and it would not
interfere at all with the exterior adornment of
the building, the porticos, the colonnades, and
the balustrading above on the outer walls of
the Senate wing. Our addition would be seen
behind the exterior lines at a considerable
distance. I do not now go into the question
of an exterior attic or barrier, which may be
added for architectural reasons aud general
effect, but is not contemplated by this appro-
priation.
Mr. WILLEY. I think I understood the
honorable Senator to state that while it was
not in contemplation to do anything more than
hydrate the air in the Chamber between this
session and the next session of Congress, yet,
in order to be able to complete the arrange-
ments in the roof of the Chamber between the
end of the next session and the succeeding
session, it would be necessary now, at this time,
to engage in the commencement of materials
and arrangement.? so as to enable the architect
and builder to complete the changes in the
roof between the next and succeeding session,
and that therefore it was necessary to make
the entire appropriation now, in order to secure
the materials, &c., with a view to the ultimate
completion. I believe I understood the Sen-
ator correctly in that respect.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. After the very elaborate
and interesting speech which the Senator from
Pennsylvania made yesterday upon this subject
I do not feel as though I can add anything toil.
I served on the committee under him, and I
commenced the investigation with ; very strong
fooling in favor of pushing the Senate Cham-
ber out against the exterior wall, which I have
been told was the original plan of the building;
but I was entirely satisfied, from examining the
subject and hearing the discussion by scientific
men, architects and chemists, that this Hall
never would be properly ventilated by mere
lateral ventilation ; that the temperature would
be different in different parts of the room, and
in order to make it comfortable in some parts,
it would be necessary to make it very uncom-
fortable in others, and even if the Senate Cham-
ber was placed against the wall of the building
with the windows opening directly into the air
it would be necessary to have an artificial venti-
lation, and the only ventilation that has been
sueeessful in a large room is ventilation, from
above and forced down by machinery. I be-
lieve we shall never have a comfortable, or a
healthful, or -a tolerable Chamber hene- until
we adopt some system like the' one now pro-'
posed. This is altogether the. best that I nave"
been able to come at. I do not believe we can
do any better than to adopt this system. Id©
not believe we can.have on. any other plan that
has been brought to,the knowledge of the com-
mittee anything like such conditions as we
desire.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will say a few words
more, and then I will leave the subject. This
plan which we will have will be substantially
that which obtains in the House of Commons
at London. After expending over $2,000,000
in experiments in improving the ventilation of
the Houses of Parliament, in 1854, the whole
subject was turned over to Goldsworthy Gur-
ncy, who proceeded to adopt a plan involving
two principles: first, the use of windows around
the whole upper elevation of the hall; and,
secondly, the downward movement of the air
through the hall, for the purpose of ventila-
tion. In 1852 there was a parliamentary com-
mittee which made an elaborate report. In
1854 another committee sat during one half,
perhaps the entire session of Parliament. Their
report constitutes a large volume in the Con-
gressional Library. Lord Palmerston was a
member of the committee, and must have ex-
pended two or threeweeksof his valuable.time
in scrvicc upon it, prominent as he was in the
Government of that country and in the conn-
eils of Parliament. They ventilated the House
of Commons by the use of windows, precisely
as we propose, in the upper elevation of their
hall, when the temperature of the external
atmosphere admits of it, and they warm their
air at all times, when they do not use the ex-
ternal air directly, and bring it into the hall
abovo and remove it at the floor. Although
they had expended the enormous amount which
I have mentioned in experiments before, on all
sorts of plans, such as I have heard discussed
for two or three sessions about the Capitol, they
adopted this plan of 18G4, and from that day
down to this the parliamentary papers are a
blank on the subject of ventilation; so per-
fect and so entirely successful was this system
of windows in the upper elevation of the hall,
and downward movement of the air.
Besides that, the legislative chambers at
Paris and the public buildings in that city
are ventilated on precisely these principles.
A recent elaborate work of General Morin
was sent for to Paris during the last year, and
has been thoroughly examined. It is alluded
to in our report. We have, in short, the high-
est scientific opinion in favor of the leading
principles of our plan of improvement, and
we have also the cases of the House of Com-
mons and other public structures in Great
Britain and the public buildings in Paris. It
is idle for us to seek for information in this
country, to call men who have a smattering of
information on topics of this kind before us
and reduce their evidence to writing. If we
had twenty volumes of such testimony we could
not have the guarantees for success for this plan
which we have from the facts which I have
stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. From the Committee
on Indian Affairs I am instructed to offer the
following amendment, to be inserted on page
26, after line six hundred and twelve of section
one:
Appropriations required for fuiiillms treaty stipu-
lations with the Seminole nation of Indians, wider
treaty of March 21, 1866, for the iiseal year ending
Juno 30,1857: r
For tliis amount, to bo paid under the direction ot
the Secretary of thelnterior, toenablethe Seminolea
to occupy, restore, and improve their fairns, us per
third article treaty ot March 21, 2S&),
For the purchase of agricultural implements, scedrt,
corn, and other stock, as per third artielo treaty of
March 21,1866, 820,000.
