1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
volved in this question; and I think that the
sooner the matter is ventilated the better.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will answer the gentleman
by saying that this matter has been reported upon
several times. Three or four Boards of Visitors
have recommended that an appropriation be
made to remove those gas-works to the bank of
the river. I cannot account for the error in the
original location ; but an error, a very gross
error, was committed. The necessity for a
change in this respect was one of the first
things to which the attention of the board was
called by the present Superintendent, General
Cullum ; and we were urgently solicited to rec-
ommend a small appropriation to remove the
works to the banks of the Hudson river.
Let me add, Mr. Chairman, that the ex-
penditure for this purpose is likely to bo not
detrimental to the interests of the Govern-
ment, but decidedly advantageous. The re-
moval of coal and other necessary material
from the river-bank to the present location of
the works costs almost as much annually as
the amount of this appropriation asked for the
removal of the works.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman has not
answered my question as to who was the
Superintendent at the time the present loca-
tion was made.
Mr. DRIGGS. General Boreman, I think,
was Superintendent at the time when the works
were located, though I am not sure as to that.
But I know that General Cullum, the present
Superintendent, desires to have the works re-
moved to the bank of the river. The expend-
iture proposed is not large. Any gentleman fa-
miliar with the location or construction of gas-
works must know that the appropriation pro-
posed is very small.
It is only an appropriation to pay for the
transfer of gas-works to the banks of the river;
and I do. not know it is necessary tf> multiply
words on a subject so simple and necessary.
I hope the vote will be taken, and the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. GRINNELL. I should like to save
$3,000 in half a minute; and I therefore move
to strike out "six'' and insert "three." An
appropriation of S6,000 for the removal of
gas-works, when there is to be no expense for
machinery, is preposterous. I think $8,000 is
enough.
Mr. RADFORD. Mr. Chairman, I will say
but a few words in opposition to the amend-
ment. The reason why the locality of these
gas-works is proposed to be changed is this :
since these gas-works were erected upon the hill
a large embankment has been taken down, the
flats have been filled up with the materia), and
a large extent of new ground has been made,
sufficient for the erection of these works upon
the batiks of the river. If this removal be made,
then there will be no further necessity for haul-
ing coal half a mile up hill; and I have no
doubt, in consequence, the Government will save
$1,000 a year in the item of cartage. That, I
think, is a sufficient reason why these gas-works
should be removed to the banks of the river,
where there is ample ground. There is enough
room upon the docks for these gas-works upon
the banks of the Hudson river, so that vessels
may come alongside and unload, and thus save
the expense of cartage.
Three thousand dollars will not be enough
for the purpose of removing the gas-works to
the new locality. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will be adopted as originally presented.
Mr. WINFIELD. I should like to ask a
question of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. GRINNELL. Very well, sir.
Mr. WINFIELD. Does he move to curtail
this estimate because he believes this change of
location of these gas-works is unnecessary?
Mr. GRINNELL. No, .sir.
Mr. WINFIELD. Does he move it on any
information of his own, that the change can be
effected at a less expense?
Mr. GRINNELL. I have no doubt it can
be done for $3,000. I will_myself enter into
personal bonds to do it for 33,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
so much dispute about this matter that I move
the whole thing be stricken out, and thus save
the entire $6,000.
Mr. WINFIELD. A saving of that kind
might be the most unsafe thing we could do.
We appoint a board to visit the institution an-
nually. They are usually men of high intelli-
gence and of perfect competency for the placc
they are selected to occupy; and I take it last
year was not an exception. And after care-
fully conferring with the local authorities there,
this board came back and recommended an ap-
propriation for the purpose of effecting this
change. I am willing to be guided by their
judgment; and I think it is as safe as anything
we can do.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman will permit
me to ask him a question; whether the legiti-
mate order of business would not direct an ap-
propriation of this kind to be considered first
by the Committee on Appropriations. If that be
so, what do that committee say on the subject?
Mr. WINFIELD. It is hardly worth while
for the gentleman to submit a point of order to
me. I am not perhaps as familiar with the
domestic manufacture and the domestic use of
gas as my friend from New Jersey. We do not
manufacture it at our house, nor do we use it;
and on that subject he may be better informed
than I am.
Mr. WRIGHT. It may rise spontaneously.
Mr. WINFIELD. I do not know but we
may have spontaneous production of it in the
State of New Jersey, from which my friend
hails.
I take it we are well informed through the
action of this "Board of Visitors. If we are, I
think we are safe in voting for this amendment
as it was offered.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
'Mr. SCIIENCK. I will add only one word
in regard to this matter, since discussion has
sprung up in regard to it. What lias been
described as the condition of that building,
its insufficiency, and its ineligible situation, is
strictly within my own recollection. We all
examined it, and were all struck with the fact
it was at an improper place and insufficient, and
that some remedy ought to be applied. A sub-
committee was appointed, of which the gentle-
man fiom Michigan [Mr. Dkigos] was chair-
man, and they made a report. I do not recollect
the estimate that was made; I know whatever
sum was recommended by the committee was,
after full discussion, agreed to unanimously by
the Board of Visitors. The gentleman from
Michigan says the first proposition was for
$10,000, but on investigation of the whole mat-
ter, bringing it down to the most economical
point, only SG.000 was asked.
As I said before, I do not myself recollect
the precise sum, but whatever sum it was, this,
we are informed by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, was the amount unanimously agreed
upon by the Board of Visitors to recommend
as the least for which the work could be done.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the amendment
just adopted :
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this act shall bo expended in
violation of an act entitled "An act to prescribe an
oath of office, and tor other purposes," approved
July 2,1SG2.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to lay aside
the Military Academy appropriation bill and
take up the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to : and the committee
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 127, making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1867.
By unanimous consent the first reading was
dispensed with, and the Clerk proceeded to
road the bill by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. FARN.fWORTII. I move to amend
the paragraph—
For pay of the Army, $10,748,652—
by changing the amoiuitto $10,712,052.
I make the amendment in pursuance of a
conversation which I had with the Paymaster
General and Secretary of War in regard to
this item contained in the estimate of appro-
priations. It was ascertained by the Paymas-
ter General, and was so stated to me, that this
appropriation was larger than was 'n'eeessary
by $36,600, from the fact that theJe was an
were none such now and would be none until
next year.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Imoveto amendtheitem—
For commutation of officers of subsistence, $2,286,-
724 50-
by making the amount $1,651)511 50.
It is found on examination that that is all
that is needed.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the item—
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers' ser-
vants $195,666—
by making the amount $191,766.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's de-
partment, consisting of fuel for tne officers, enlisted
men, guard, hospitals, storehouses, and officers; of
foragein kind for thehorses, mules, and oxen, for the
quartermaster's department, at the several posts and
stations, and with tbearmicsin the field; for the horses
of the several regiments of cavalry, the batteries of ar-
tillory, and sucli companies of infantry as may be
monnterl, and for the authorized number of officers'
horses when serving in the field and at the outposts,
including bedding for the animals; of btrawforsoldiers'
bedding, and of stationery, including blank books for
the quartermaster's department, certificates for dis-
charged soldiers, blank torms tor the pay and qu ar-
tel-master'sdepartrnents; and fortheprintingof divis-
ion and department orders and reports, $4,131,499 33.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations permit me to
ask him a question in relation to that item?
How is it possible, looking at that paragraph,
for us to ascertain what amount is to be paid to
each department, or what will be the amount
paid to the several departments named ?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will turn
to the estimates, on page 238, lie will find that
they are there enumerated, and this is the sum
total.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to go back to this item:
For commutation of forage for officers, £105,200.
I wish to ask the chairman of the committee
whether there is any law or regulation now in
regard to commutation for forage of officers'
horses.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that tliere is
such a thing as commutation for forage. That
is, they give it when the officers do not use
forage. I know it has been so in the past.
Mr. PAINE. I asked the question because
I was under the impression that there is no
such law or regulation now. I would ask the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] who, I
suppose, is better informed on the subject, if
there is such a law now existing.
Mr. BLAINE. The amount appropriated is
very small, and I think it is intended to cover
those cases where the officer is so situated as
to be unable to draw forage from the £overn-
ment and is compelled to supply it himself.
There is no such thing as commutation of for-
age recognized where it can be supplied by the
Government, but there are cases occurring al-
most continually at different places where the
officer is compelled to supply himself, and tins
small appropriation is intended to cover that
class of cases. It is exceptional, and not the
rUMr. PAINE. Very likely that is so, but there
can be no objection to passing by this section
with the understanding that after the law is
brought in we can go back to it.
