1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2153
reference whatever to this section of the bill or
to a provision like this. It is a letter written
on tho 14th of December, when the Provost
Marshal General's Bureau was and was for
the time to remain in existence, and it refers
chiefly to what had better be done with desert-
ers, and the statement of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral amounts to this: that such an officer being
in existence it'is his appropriate business to
take charge of deserters, and he recommends
that he should do so, and attend to recruiting
beside. That is all. There is no recommen-
dation whatever favoring the retention of this
bureau permanently, or of having any such
officer in the standing Army. It comes to the
Secretary of War appended to an argument
made by General Fry himself, an elaborate
argument made to show that he is essential to
the Government. And although it is appended
for that purpose, I repeat that it has nothing
to do with this subject, but relates wholly to
what the Provust Marshal's Bureau had belter
be set to do for the time being.
The letter which I have presented from the
Lieutenant General was written to a member
of the Military Committee of the Senate, writ-
ten in answer to a question in reference to this
identical section proposed there, and in answer
to the specific inquiry whether he was or was
not in favor of continuing this bureau. And
he says in so many words that in his judgment
there is not the slightest occasion for it, that
bureaus ought not to be multiplied, and that
this one ought to be discontinued.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, upon the authority
not only of the Lieutenant General, but of'
all the generals who constituted the military
council, because this section was omitted in the
bill which they approved, I have made this
motion.
Now, sir, as to the official conduct of this
officer, I have deemed it proper to refer to it
because the practical and real question is
whether he personally is to continue in his
present place. I have stated but a very small
part of what I know from my own investigation
of the matter. And I want it distinctly under-
stood that in my judgment no officer of this
Government holding a similar position has done
so much harm and so little good as the officer
of whom 1 am speaking. If that is offensive to
anybody, so be it. To the particular individual
to whom it may give most offense, I will an-
swer not here but elsewhere, when it becomes
necessary.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my friend
a single question. Will it not answer his pur-
pose if the House vote down this Provost Mar-
shal's Bureau and let the matter stop there?
Mr. CONKLING. I think so.
Mr. SPALDING. We will do that cheer-
fully.
Mr. CONKLTNG. That is all I intended
to do originally.
Mr. Speaker, how much time have I left?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. About four
minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will yield it to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixg.]
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say a few words.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxklixg]
yield the floor to tho gentleman from Ohio for
the residue of his time?
Mr. SPALDING. I claim it on my own
merits, sir.
The'SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
now understands that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spaldixg] is to speak during the balance
of the time of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Coxklixg.]
Mr. CONKLING. I so understand. I
yield the residue of my time only to the gentle-
man from Ohio, because I suppose that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercuk,]
to whom I am very much indebted, desires to
occupy his fall fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spai.dixg] is enti-
tled to the floor for just three minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. Three minutes is enough
for me. I am opposed, sir, to the continuance
of this military bureau known as the Provost
Marshal General's Office. I am opposed to it
in time of peace, because I consider it an
unnecessary appendage to the Army. But I
believe that during the late war it was a neces-
sary evil, and I think that a great deal of the
odium which has been attached to the admin-
istration of the duties of that office pertained ]
rather to the nature of the office than to tho
individual who discharged the duties of the
office. I question, sir, whether any man,
whether he came from the East or the West,
from the North or the South, could have gone
into the administration of the Provost Mar-
shal General's department and discharged its
duties with any more satisfaction to the gen-
eral public than General James B. Fry.
Now, I do not claim thai vast frauds have
not been perpetrated in this as in every other
department of the Government during the last
lour years ; I think they have been. But I do
not think any one man is responsible for them.
I think, perhaps the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conklixg] lias sufficient cause
for what he has said; but such a case as he has
mentioned has not been brought home to me,
in all my official intercourse with the Provost
Marshal General during tho last three years,
and it has been constant and frequent. I have
been treated by him with a degree of kindness
and courtesy which requires from me an ex-
pression of thanks rather than of censure.
I am happy, therefore, to have it in my power
to say that I am under obligations to this man ;
and it is a pleasure to mo to acquit myself of
the duty of doing so.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not rise to argue the
merits of this proposition. I rise rather to
relieve myself from the stigma attempted to bo j
cast upon me, and to place myself properly on
the record, as becomes a gentleman and a Rep-
resentative.
I stated when I was up before, and I left it
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cock-
ling] to answer whether I answered it cor-
rectly, that I had understood there were per-
sonal difficulties between himself and the Pro-
vost Marshal General. I have so understood
it. I have understood it from very high au-
thority. I have understood that in those diffi-
culties the gentleman from New York, as I said
before, did not come out first best. 1 did not
make this as an assertion. I left it to him to
say whether it was so or not. Certainly I did
not violate any principle of propriety or of par-
liamentary etiquette. And. sir, even were I in
full health, (and I ought to be in my bed to-day,)
I could not consent to go into this cheap sort
of stuff about answering " here and elsewhere"
and about "personal responsibility" and all
that kind of thing.
Sir, I do not know how to characterize it.
When wo had gentlemen hero from the eleven
seceded States, they used to talk about answer-
ing "here and elsewhere:" and it was under-
stood that they meant a duel! I suppose the
gentleman from New York means nothing of
that kind ; I do not know whether he does or does
not; but that is the only meaning that can be
attached to the phrase. When a man says that
he is ready to answer "here or elsewhere," he
means that he is willing to receive a note out-
side of the District of Columbia. Well, now,
that is very cheap, and certainly beneath my
notice. I do not believe the gentleman from
New York wants to fight a duel; and I am sure
he needs no assurance from ine that I do not
intend it. When I lia\ e to resort to the use
of the epithet of "false" upon this floor, and
this cheap swagger about being responsible
"here or elsewhere," I shall have very little
faith in the cause which I stand up to main-
tain .
Mr. MEPCUR. Mr. Speaker, in addition
to the objections, which appear to me to be
personal to the present Provost Marshal Gen-
eral. it strikes me there are many objections
to the establishment of this bureau as a per-
manent one. The reasons for its existence
during the war were manifest; but it strikes
me that the reasons which exist for its abolish-
ment since the termination of tire war are
equally manifest.
The bill, upon its face, provides for two
classes ofduties to be performed by this bureau.
The one is the recruiting of the Army, and the
other is the arrest of deserters. It provides
that two persons shall take charge of these
duties, one with the rank of brigadier general,
and the other with the rank of colonel of
cavalry.
Now, it appears to me that all these duties
caii be properly performed by a person occu-
pying a lower position, and receiving much less
compensation than these persons would re-
ceive. The recruiting of the Army is not a
business of such vast dimensions nor will it be
prolonged so lcrng as to require the creation of
a permanent bureau like this.
After the Army is filled, and we are in-
formed that during the last six months recruit-
ing has gone on very rapidly, this will not be
needed, and whatever number we may fix upon
as the proper number for the Army, we have
reason to know that tho vacuum can be filled
up in a few months without any great difficulty ;
and when the Army is once filled on a peace
establishment the duties of a bureau of this
kind, so far as recruiting is concerned, will
necessarily be very small.
Now, in regard to the other duties of this
office, the arrest of deserters, I take it that
there cannot now be a very large number of
deserters that the Government proposes to pur-
sue and arrest and punish. In these days of gen-
eral amnesty and of general pardon, 1 presume
the Government will not pursue very sharply
and rigidly those persons wliu have deserted
from tho armies of the Union. And if there
is no great number of deserters now who are
to bo arrested, is it, to be supposed or assumed
that the number will increase to such an extent
in the future as to create a necessity for a per-
manent, bureau to look after and arrest desert-
ers ? I think not; and hence I assume that
neither for the one purpose nor the other spe-
cified in the bill is there any necessity for the
creation of a permanent bureau of this char-
acter.
Now, in addition to the absence of any neces-
sity for this bureau, it does strike me, if I
understand the sentiment of the country aright,
a sentiment which grew qnd strengthened with
the progress of the recent rebellion, that the
present head of this bureau did not satisfy pub-
lic expectation in the discharge of his duties.
It is not my design to attribute a want of
good faith or a want of integrity to that bureau.
In my judgment, though I may err, it was a
want of capacity which created the great dis-
satisfaction which existed in the minds of the
loyal people throughout the country.
The fact cannot be disguised that a great
many of tho complications and entanglements
which arose during the progress of the war
were solely in consequence of the orders which
issued from lime to time from the Provost
Marshal General's Office. They complicated
matters so much, one followed the other in
such rapid succession, changing, modifying,
and throwing confusion upon what had pre-
ceded, that no one could form any adequate
idea of what was required. No district could
tell how many men it had to raise, or how
many men they had received credit for. Such
being the fact, there is no reason, 110 justice,
no propriety, in continuing this bureau for the
benefit of the present incumbent.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxk-
lixg] has suggested one thing in which this
bureau was somewhat conspicuous, that is, its
power of absorption of the commutation money
which was paid by people all over tho country,
and of which no satisfactory account has yet
been rendered. But there was another repu-
tation which this bureau established, find that
was its peculiar and unique way of combining
figures. The country was frequently aston-
ished by this rare and peculiar power of com-
bining figures, not only during the progress of
the war, bul since wel*avemethere this session.
