3114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, detained this
morning by my recent indisposition, I was not
present when eonscnt was asked to report the
pending bill from the Committee on Public
Lands. It was out of the usual order and un-
expected. My purpose was to speak at length
upon the bill and review its provisions. I am
cut off from debate and have barely the privi-
lege of explaining my vote. There are two
features of the measure to which I cannot lend
my assent. For ten years lands have been
reserved from market ostensibly to consVuct
the Flint and Pore Marquette road. Now, it
is proposed to change the terminus at Pere
Marquette to some other undefined point with-
out the consent of (ho inhabitants in the vicin-
ity who have long suffered from these land
reservations. The other and most objection-
able feature is an extension of time for the
completion of the road and consequent further
extension of railroad land reservations. The
people of my State have already sufl'ered sulli-
ciently by these minous reservations for specu-
lative railroads. Emigration is reiarded and
business generally impeded. To grant a fur-
ther extension of time is perilous to the vital
interests of the sections immediately concerned,
and fraught with mischief to the State. Such
an imposition would be intolerable, and 1 am
against the bill in its present form and shall
vote " no" on its passage. *
The bill was passed.
Mr. DRKitiS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
Hint the motion to reconsider be laid upon iho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mussvtle kuom tiiu shnatb.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Fouxkv, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 40l>,
to provide for the settlement of accounts of
certain public officers, without amendment;
also, that itjiad passed a bill of the following
title, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House: Senate bill No. oil),
to quiet land titles in California.
ISA 1/nMOIiK AM) OHIO l'.AIUtOM).
Mr. MeCU I, I ,()U(! 11, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee lor t f i < ■ District (if Colum-
bia, reported hack Ilmisu bill No. r>.">!>, to au-
tlioiizc the extension, construction, and use by
the Baltimoie and t)hio Railroad Cornpnnv of
a railroad from between Knox; ille and Monoc-
acy Junction into and within the District of
Columbia, with an amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
skc. s. .Iwlhr U further niarinl. That, the said rail-
road company (-halt cominenre tho constnietion of
said extension ul's-Mitl road within oncyoar and com-
I'H t•• thu.-amu within t.hrco years after the missaic
of this aet: and on failure to do mi, the prhik'Kcs
Ki-mted Ijy tins act shall lio i'oifuitcd by paid com-
pany.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. (iARFIML!). 1 should like to have a
word of explana! ion of this measure.
Mr. Met!ULLO(JGll. The lialtiniore and
Ohio Railroad Company have permission from
the State of Maryland to make a lateral road
from Monocacy Junction to the city of Wash-
ington, so as to prevent persons coining from
the West being compelled to go to Baltimore.
All this bill does is to give permission to the
road to enter this city.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a road reaching
up the Potomac to the Point of Rocks in which
the West feels greatly more interest than in
any possible branch this side which may be pro-
posed ; and I should like to know something
about the points of this lateral road. 1 will
say candidly. I fear it is a scheme by which
the road up the Potomac by the way of Point
of Rocks is to be defeated, and some other
substituted.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, being the
immediate Representative of the community
most interested in this improvement I ask my
colleague to yield to me to respond to the inqui-
ries made by the gentleman from Ohio. The
road proposed is intended to be a part of a
great northwest line from the seat of Govern-
ment by the way of the town of Cumberland.
It is made in accordance with the act of the
General Assembly of Maryland clothing the
Baliimore and Ohio Railroad Company with
the full and ample power to accomplish the
undertaking. It will intersect the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad at the Point of Rocks, with
which gentlemen of the West are familiar. It
is a proposition that the travel and transporta-
tion from the West shall pass on tho Baltimore
and Ohio railroad by the town of Cumberland.
A few days since, with a view of completing
the connection between Washington and Pitts-
burg, Congress passed a bill of somewhat pecu-
liar and novel character, unlike any law 1 ever
remember to have seen on the statute-book.
Tho State of Maryland a very few years ago
gave to a company a right to construct a rail-
road from the town of Cumberland to the Penn-
sylvania line in the direction of Pittsburg. The
State of Pennsylvania gave the right to make a
road from the city of Pittsburg to the Pennsyl-
vania line in the direction of Cumberland ; the
two roads making a complete communication
between Cumberland and Pittsburg.
Through influences of which 1 need not
speak, the Pennsylvania Legislature have been
induced to repeal that charter. That repeal-
ing law was passed after Maryland, as one of
the stockholders of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, a corporation duly authorized by the
laws of Maryland, had expended on tho con-
struction of a railroad between Pittsburg and
Cumberland $2,f>00,000.
At the present session a bill has passed this
Congress, introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] intended to re-
vive in eflcct that charter which the State of
Pennsylvania had repealed. The bill proceeds
under the theory that that declaration upon the
face of the Constitution of tho United States,
which denies to a State the right to impair tho
obligation of a contract, is not to be consid-
ered by Congress as a dead letter, but when-
ever a Stiite undertakes to impair the obliga-
tion of a contract it is the duty of the Govern-
ment ol the United States to interpose and
apply a remedy against the proposed wrong.
Hence tho law of Congress, while extending
no act. of incorporation to make a thorough-
fare, simply declared the law of Pennsylvania
a nullity, leaving the expenditure made on that
branch ot (his road inside of the jurisdiction
of Pennsylvania to be availed of by the au-
thority holding that charter. The law of Con-
gress not, only declares that the law of Penn-
sylvania is a nullity, but itaffixes penalties to the
attempt on the part of any person inside the
jurisdiction of Pennsylvania to exercise any
authority which the law of Pennsylvania had
conferred upon her own population.
The completion of this road from here to the
Point of Rocks, if the law to which I have re-
ferred is ruled to be constitutional, is an es-
sential work with a \iew to that lino of com-
munication between the seat of Government
and the Northwest at Pittsburg. It is to be
made in conformity with the laws of Maryland,
and therefore no question arises under this bill
as to the constitutional competency of Con-
gress to create a power in a State, independent
of^and in defiance of a State, to mako'works
of internal improvement.
Representing, as I do, that section of Mary-
land which is very much interested in this
work, I am very anxious to see it completed.
It will lessen the distance from the Point of
Rocks to the seat of Government by forty-three
or forty-four miles, by avoiding the present
elbow of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
And when the Junction in Pennsylvania is
completed it will lessen the distance between
Washington and Pittsburg to all parties com-
ing from the Northwest on the great line to
which I have referred, by, I think, at least,
seventy-four miles.
Under these circumstances I do not see that,
there is any grave objection to be urged against
this bill. Certainly I do not think the gentle-
men from the Northwest will be desirous of
interposing obstacles in tho way. This is a mere
law authorizing tho Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company to exercise within the jurisdic-
tion of the General Government powers analo-
gous to those which the same corporation are
authorized to exercise within the jurisdiction
of Maryland.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am fully aware of the
character of the general plan for extending a
road from Washington westward, so as to ac-
commodate the Northwest generally, which has
been so clearly explained to the House by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas.]
When the bill was read it was suggested to me,
and I thought I heard myself something in ref-
erence to extending it to Frederick City. 1
desire to inquire nowwhethcr this line of road,
instead of being directed toward Cumberland,
striking the Baltimore and Ohio railroad at the
Point of Rocks, is to be extended up to Mo-
nocacy.
Mr. F. THOMAS. This road is to intersect
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad between the
Point of Rocks and Monocacy.
Mr. SCHENCK. 'Where is Knoxville?
Mr. F. THOMAS. It is west of the Point
of Rocks, near South mountain, between that
point and Harper's Ferry, on tho line of tho
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. SCHENCK. With that explanation, it
seems to me that the bill would carry out the
great object which wo of the West have in view.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. The bill merely gives
the company the right to enter the District.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Iunder-
statid from gentlemen advocating this bill that
it simply gives authority for this railroad com-
pany to enter tho District of Columbia and
traverse the domain of the city of Washington.
Mr. LE BLOND. I infer, from the reading
of the bill and from a remark made by my col-
league, [Mr. Sciiexck,] that it proposes an
extension of tho road through a portion of the
State of Maryland. I shall ask for the read-
ing of the bill again.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague is laboring
under a misapprehension. I supposed that the
object of the bill was to direct the line up the
Monocacy in the direction of Frederick City.
I find that the word " Frederick"' is only used
in the bill in reference to crossing Frederick
county, which, as my colleague is aware, runs
down to the Monocacy.
Mr. LE BLON D. If the bill only gives this
company power to come into tho District of
Columbia I certainly have no objection to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think it does nothing
more than to authorize tho extension of the
lino into the Disti-ict of Columbia.
The question was taken: and the bill was
passed.
Mr. McCULLOUGH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin m'gonisii.
Mr. COFFROTH, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, made
an adverse report on the petition of John Mc-
Gonish; which was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
william jones.
Mr. COFFROTH also, by unanimous con-
sent, from the same committee, reported back,
with a recommendation that it do not pass, the
bill of the House (No. 523) granting a pension
to William Jones.
The bill was laid upon the table, and the
report ordered to be printed.
ABIGAIL RYAN.
Mr. COFFROTH also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
