1194:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not yet
taken the sense of the committee as to whether
there is any objection to going back to the
consideration of this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I think there is no neces-
sity.for it. I am satisfied that this is only in-
tended for those cases in which officers are
obliged to purchase forage.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
"Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to go back
on the bill.
Mr. PAINE. I only ask that after seeing the
law we may go back.
Mr. STEVENS. I object for the present.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For transportation of the Array, including the bag-
gage of troops when moving, either by land or water:
of clothing, camp, and jcarnson equipage, from the
depots at Philadelphia, Cincinnati, and New York to
the several posts and Army depots, and from those
depots to the troops in the field; and of subsistence
stores from the places of purchase, and from the plaecs
of delivery under contract, to such placcs as the cir-
cumstances of the service may require them to be sent;
of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small-arms, from
foundcrieS and armories to the arsenals, fortifica-
tions, frontier posts, and Army depots; freights, wha.rf-
age, toll*, and ferriages; for tho purchase and hire of
horses, mules, oxen, and harness, and the purchase
and repair of wagons, carts, and diays, and of ships,
and other sea-going vessels, and boats required for tno
transportation of supplies and for garrison purposes;
for drayagc and cartage at the several posts; hire of
te.uosters; transportation of funds for the pay and
other disbursing departments; the expense of sailing
public transports on tho various rivers, tho Gait of
Mexico, and tho Atlantic, and Pacific; and for pro-
curing water at such posts as, trom their situation,
rcq aire it to be brought from a distance; and for clear-
ing roads, and removing obstructions from roads, hai-
bors.and i ivors, to thoextent which maybe required
for the actual operations of the troops in the field,
$3,0(K),00(J.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out "three
millions'' in. tho last line, and to insert in lieu
thereof "live millions." It is a mistake j
$5,000,000 is the amount asked for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WKIGIIT. I am willing at all times,
under all circumstances, to rely upon the judg-
ment. of the Committee on Appropriations.
But in regard to the items which are contained
in tlu> paragraph which has boon read, we are
all in the dark in respect, of the specific amounts
of each of these items, either of which may be
much larger than our necessities demand. No
one knows from the report, or in any other
manner can toll from the bill presented to the
House, what specific amount is to be devoted
to any one of the objects enumerated in this
clause. 1 would ask, therefore, that the para-
graph which has been read be recommitted to
the Committee on Appropriations with instruc-
tions to report, the items contained in this very
large appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order in committeo. The gentleman can ac-
complish his purpose by moving to strike out
the paragraph.
Mr. STE v ENS. I am very sorry that my
colleague on the Committee on Appropriations,
owing to illness, ha<? never been able to be pres-
ent in the: investigation of those matters by the
committee. IFonoo it is entirely natural that
he should not know anything about them. The
estimate last year for these same items was
$M0,000,000. This year it.is $5,000,000, which
1 he officers who have reported say is the least
they can get along with, but they hope it will
be reduced hereafter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 offer the
following proviso, to conic in at the end of the
bill:
Prom<lr<l, That no part of tho money hereby ap-
propriated shall be used for paying the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company for the transportation of the
troop* or the property of the United State?; and the
Attorney Genera! of the United States is heicby di-
rected to instituto a suit against said company in the
circuit courtof the United States, in the seventh cir-
cuit, without delay, to recover from tho said company
any moneys that have been paid to said company by
anyDepartment of theGovernment for the transpor-
tation of troops or property of the United States; and
the said Attorney General is hereby further directed
to appear tor the United States in said court and pros-
ecute it^ interest m the said suit.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make tho point of
order that that amendment is not in order. It
is independent legislation, and upon a subject j
not germane to this appropriation bill. I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itis simply
a proviso limiting the appropriation, and that
has always been held to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
borne.] That same question, I believe, was
presented to the House last winter, and we went
into a full discussion of it and the reasons for
it. I suppose those reasons exist in the same
force to-day as they existed then, and no more.
After a very full consideration of this subject,
the House struck out the amendment which the
gentleman persistently and repeatedly attempted
to force upon us. The House decided, as I
believe in accordance not, only with law and
equity, but with strict justice, that no such pro-
vision onglit to be incorporated in the appropri-
ation bill or in any form adopted.
I suppose the object of this amendment is
simply to prevent the Illinois Central Railroad
Company receiving from the War Department
the commutation allowed to them by the Gov-
ernment for transportation of military stores,
troops, and munitions of war. I understand
very well, as do gentlemen here, that in the
grant of land which was given by this Govern-
ment to the State of Illinois for the purpose of
aiding ill the construction of the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad, there was a provision of this na-
ture, that troops and munitions of war should
be transported or carried over the line of that
road without any charge or toll thereon to the
Government.
Vet gentlemen well know, and those who
were membets of this House last year well
know, that that provision in exactly that lan-
guage was incorporated in bills giving grants
of land to aid in the construction of canals in
the western States. And yet no one ever pre-
tended that the Government or any one else
in making these appropriations to aid in the
construction of those canals everexpected any-
thing more than the simple privilege of trans-
porting troops and munitions of war in their
own vessels, or chartered for them, through
the canal without payment of tolls to the State.
The idea that the Slate of Illinois in accepting
the grant of land for the construction of the
canal, upon which it never intended to put any
vessel or boat for transportation, should carry
the troops and freight of the United States free
of charge, is one that never was entertained.
The Stale simply had the right to impose tolls
upon vessels put upon that canal by other par-
ties. And when you look at the condition of
the Stale of Illinois exercising this privilege
and this right, nobody ever supposed that the
State was under any obligation to furnish ves-
sels to the Government for tho transportation
of its munitions and its stores.
There is something singular in the fact that
from the time the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiibuhxk] entered this House, or rather
from the lime the Illinois Central railroad was
constructed, he has allowed no opportunity to
cscape him of doing something to bring re-
proach if possible upon that company. They
are strangers to me I never was interested in
the road. I never passed over it, as some gen-
tlemen have done, without paying full fare. I
have never asked any favors of the Illinois
Central Railroad Company. But when I find
men here attempting to do what I believe to be
absolute and monstrous injustice, 1 must rise
in my seal to say that I will defend the com-
pany so far as I can from that injustice.
Let us look one moment at the condition of
things during this war. The Illinois Central
railroad was constructed for the purpose of
affording commercial facilities to the State of
Illinois through the entire length of which it
was constructed. And they furnished these
facilities to the extent of its capacity. It had
a long line of road, over seven hundred miles,
and had facilities for doing the ordinary busi-
ness of the country, transporting those who
desired to travel over the road and carrying
the products of the country to market. When
this war came on, the demand of the Govern-
ment for transportation was so great that the
Government was obliged to take the stock of
connectiug railways and pat it upon the Illinois
Central railroad in order to carry what the
Government demanded for military purposes.
Yet by the argument of tho gentleman from
Illinois, the Government is to refuse to pay the
Illinois Central railroad one dollar of compen-
sation, not only for what was done on the road
by the stock of the company, but by all that was
put upon it from other roads by direction of the
Government.
Now, sir, I say that no such condition of
things was ever contemplated by the parties
when the State of Illinois accepted this land
grant. There were times when, for six weeks
together, trains of cars covering in extent six
or seven miles of railway laid back of Cairo
awaiting discharge by the Government. This
company was prevented from doing its ordinary
business. Its business was almost suspended.
Yet, although the company was subjected to all
these inconveniencies and losses, the gentleman
from Illinois comes here and asks that the At-
torney General should be directed to prosecute
this company for the recovery of money paid
to them, under the authority of the last Con-
gress, for service rendered by them.
During the war the land-grant railroads, at
least in the West, and I believe elsewhere, pro-
posed, by way of making an equitable arrange-
ment with the Government, that the companies
should take, I think, one half of the ordinary
prices of transportation on property carried for
the Government. They did whatever the de-
partments believed to be right by way of allow-
ance for the easement which the Government
intended to grant and which the State of Illi-
nois received. No one has ever questioned
that if the Government itself had purchased or
hired rolling stock and employed it in running
the Illinois Central railroad, no tolls or charges
could have been rightfully demanded of the
Government for its use of the road.
Mr. Sl'ALDING. I desire to understand
the position of my learned friend from New
York. It was, as I understand, urged in the
last Congress that we ought not to avail our-
selves of the privilege reserved in the land grant
to this company, bccause a state of war, with
the consequent extreme pressure of business
on the road, was not contemplated at the time
that privilege was reserved. I desire to ask
the gentleman whether he, as a lawyer, takes
the position that in time of peace, we have no
right to reserve the privilege of transporting
Government, troops and munitions of war over
this road at any lime whatever. Does he con-
tend that the only right theGovernment has is
to run its own cars over the road?
Mr. DAVIS. I say that the condition of
things existing in a state of war was so utterly
different from that which cither party had in
contemplation when the contract was made,
that it was entirely right that a new basis or
arrangement should be formed between them.
Mr. SPALDING. Supposing that to be
conceded, my other question is, whether, when
we are not in a state of war and have nothing
but ordinary transportation, we have not the
right to send it over the road free of toll ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt that this
Government has a right to send all the property
it pleases over any land-grant road free of toll;
but I do not suppose that in a time of war,
when the ordinary capacity of the road is over-
taxed by its business, the Government has the
right to ask that a corporation which has re-
ceived a land grant shall employ four times
the amount of stock necessary in a time of
peace, in order to transport the property of
the Government.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I ask the gentle-
man this further question: if this amendment
be divested of that portion which proposes to
authorize the Attorney General to sue for the
recovery of the tolls already paid by the Gov-
ernment ; if it be amended so as to apply only
to the future, will the gentleman then have any
objection to it?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no sort of objection to
