1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gress was in session as long as it has been this
year at least. We are paying to the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey $6,000 per an-
num. We pay to oir/ Assistant Treasurer at
St. Louis $4,000 a year. We pay the Assist-
ant Treasurer at New Orleans about the same
amount. We increased the other day the com-
pensation of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to $0,000. Although Mr. Rollins is a
very excellent officer, and discharges very im-
portant and responsible duties, I submit to Sen-
ators whether Mr. Rollins's services are worth
to the Government any more than Senators re-
gard theirs worth to the Government. I think
not. Wo pay to the assessors of the internal
revenue at all the important points in this
country from four to live thousand dollars.
We pay to the eolleetors of internal revenue
$5,000; it amounts to that in almost every
place. The collector of customs at Philadel-
phia receives $6,000; at New Orleans $6,000;
and even the surveyor of customs at Now York
receives $4,900. A proposition has been in-
troduced here for paying, I believe, $5,000 to
the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and so in
regard to the Assistant Secretaries in all the
other Departments. The people ought to un-
derstand one thing: that in the increase of sal-
aries a feeling of delicacy on the part of mem-
bers of Congress has prohibited them heretofore
from making any increase whatever in their own
cases. They have been compelled to increase
in other cases, but they have not increased in
their own.
Now, Mr. President, let us see what effect
this proposition will have. The Ser.ator from
Maryland objects that if this plan be adopted
the -Senators from the Pacific coast will not
have a sufficient, compensation. Why, sir. their
compensation will be from thirteerj to fifteen
thousand dollars a Congress. If theamendment
that I have offered shall be adopted, they will
receive from six to seven thousand dollars for
each session of Congress; and other members
will have on an average about fifty-live hundred
dollars a year. The only question is whether
that amount of mileage, the reduction from
forty to twenty cents per mile, and the increase
of the compensation, will not make the average
compensation of Senators and Representatives
better than it now is. 1 think that something
of this sort ought to be adopted. I am per-
fectly satisfied of it. I am unwilling to vote
an increase to $5,000 per annum, leaving the
mileage as it now stands. I think that that
mileage is too much. We ought to adopt some
rate of compensation which will pay each mem-
ber, no matter how near he lives to the cap-
ital, a fair compensation. The larger body of
the members live near to the capital. We
ought to adopt a rate of compensation that
will pay them, because it is perfectly notori-
ous to the country, and the country under-
stands perfectly well, that members who live
within two or three hundred miles of the cap-
ital cannot attend to other business unless they
happen to be, like my friend from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] able to attend to business in
the Supreme Court, having already a largo
practice there. Many Senators are so situ-
ated that they cannot attend to business here.
Some of them are not lawyers, and others of
them have no practice in that court; and there
is no other business, therefore, that a genile-
mau can attend to here. It is utterly impos-
sible. Hence it is that some compensation
ought to be adopted that will be fair, equita-
ble, and just.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care myself
about this question at all. I only desire to
say one word. The Senator from Missouri
does not know anything about living; he is a
bachelor. He never lived an hour in his life;
and he is the very last man who should come
here to talk to Senators about their expenses.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I never said a word
about expenses. I did not mention the sub-
ject of expenses that I know of.
Mr. POMEROY. What is proper compen-
sation depends to a considerable extent on a
person's expenses. I suppose it is generally
understood that a Senator coming here should
get compensation enough to meet his expenses.
That is the reason why I find that many Sena-
tors about me cannot afford the luxury of a
family, they tell me, in Washington, because
their compensation will not justify it. That
is the only way I can account for the leanness
of my friend from Missouri. [Laughter.] For
my own parti oarenothing about the question
of compensation one way or the other be it
more or less; but I once thought I would keep
an account of my expense in Washington, and
I found that the actual expenses, without re-
gard to luxuries such as wines, cigars, and
tobacco—things for which I never spent a cent
in my life—were for one year and one month,
in my case, $11,640. A person who intends
to have anything like his expenses paid ought
not to calculate upon any reduction either of
salary or mileage; but I do not suppose Sena-
tors care whether their expenses are paid or
not. On that account I do not care whether
the Senator's amendment prevails or not. I
only say we should not undertake to declare
that a person must govern his expenses here
in Washington in these times by afly reference
to his compensation, because the compensa-
tion is not the first step toward the payment
of the expenses of a man who has a family,
living as ho ought to do.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon this question of com-
pensation and mileage, so far as it is proposed
by the Senator from Missouri to make a change
affecting my own and others situated like mo
from the Pacific coast, I have little to say.
When it shall come to voting I shall not even
cast a vote upon it. I will leave the office to
the Senator from Missouri of individualizing
the cases of Senators and proving that his own
compensation should be increased, being too
low, because that of others was too high. I
will only say to that Senator, that for myself,
and I am rather a moderate person in my ex-
penses and mode of life, I have not yet paid
my expenses since I came to the Senate, not-
withstanding this immense mileage that the
Pacific Congressmen are said to receive or do
receive.
I will not undertake to inflict upon the Sen-
ate nor to meet the logic of the Senator by
describing what my expenses arc, and will not
leave the Senate to be at a loss to determine
which is the most expensive mode of living in
Washington—whether to be without a wife or
to have obtained one; to be newly married.
[Laughter. ] 1 presume that each of them has
its incidents, and I leave to the Senators whom
it concerns so much to conceal or keep to them-
selves those incidents. For my own part, it is
not a sphere that I would penetrate at all.
I will simply terminate what I intended to
say by adding that I do not care what disposi-
tion is made of this question. I did not come
to Congress for salary. Iam not going to make
any contest to keep up salary or compensation,
nor to raise it beyond what it is, either in the
way of mileage or yearly allowance. It is a
subject that I cannot speak upon in that con-
nection, and cannot vote upon.
Mr. HOWARD. I presume the Senator
from Missouri has made some estimate as to
the effect which his present proposition will
have upon the whole amount paid out of the
Treasury for the compensation and mileage of
members of Congress. I wish to inquire of
him whether, if his scheme be adopted, it
would increase or diminish the total amount
which the Government pays for that kind of
service. I have not had an opportunity of
making an estimate myself, but I presume he
has, as he seems to have prepared himself
very carefully.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can answer the Sen-
ator. I have made a calculation. My prop-
osition will increase the expenses of the Sen-
Senate, that is the amount paid by the Senate,
a little over $100,000. We now pay §423,539 20
according to the report which was sent in to
us for the last Congress; that was the amount
paid for the Senate during the two sessions
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress. If my amend-
ment be adopted—I have not made a calcu-
lation upon twenty cents, but I have upon
ten cents mileage—it will increase it about
$120,000the total will be about $545,000, or
in that neighborhood. At ten cents it would
be about $510,000, whieh would make an in-
crease of about $80,000. I can state to the
Senator that I have made another estimate,
and it is when you take in the members from
the southern States, when we do receive them,
if the mileage were ten cents a mile—I have
not made a calculation at twenty cents, but it
could be easily made—we shall have reduced
the expenses of the Senate by my proposition.
The effect of my amendment would be to make
a small increase in the amount paid to tha
members of the House of Representatives, al
present; but in a few years the large numbei
of Representatives coming from the extreme
western States will make the present compensa-
tion at forty cents a mile and $3,000 a year
amountto much more than the proposition I now
make, so that we shall absolutely have reduced
the compensation by the adoption of this plan
in the course of a few years.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rogret that the mile-
age question is disturbed, or attempted to be
disturbed. I know that in some cases it seems
that the mileage is very large; but the mileage
question disturbs not merely that, but raises a
question very difficult to settle. It seems to
me that it bears a little on another question
that ought not to be lost sight of. I dare say
that the disturbance of the mileage question
to a certain extent disturbs the location of the
capital of the United States. The fact that
when persons come from the Pacific coast, or
come from the far distant Territories, to Con-
gress their mileage is such as to compensate
them for actually making the travel, makes them
satisfied to come this great distance to attend
the sessions ofthe Congress of the United States;
and I think it not wise to disturb that question.
I can conceive, too, that the real truth is that
in the case of those who come from a far dis-
tant coast and bring their families here their
mileage does not very largely go beyond their
expenses. I can well conceive that a single
gentleman, a bachelor or a widower, if he is a
member of the Senate, can come here at ten
cents a mile; but can a Senator bring a wife
and four or five members of his family for any
such sum as that? Not at all. I think the mile-
age paid to Senators does not, on the whole,
more than pay their actual expenses of travel-
ing backward and forward with their families.
The other question of what compensation
they should receive for devoting their time
here, I think should be considered by itself,
and I do not think that $5,000 a year is any
too much. During the war, and when the
Government was straining every nerve to save
its credit and to concentrate all its strength
in the prosecution of the war, I was entirely
unwilling that this question of compensation
should be disturbed at all. I wanted it to re-
main, willing to bear the sacrifice which every
man certainly must have borne living hero
upon his compensation, especially if ho had a
family to support. Certainly for myself my
salary and mileage and all I have received has
not by any means defrayed the actual expenses
of myself and family, and I live as economic-
ally as certainly the majority of men.
But, Mr. President, since the war is over
and the question is up I am not afraid to say
what I honestly think. I think that a man who
serves as a Senator of the United States, devot-
ing his time so much to the public service,
certainly ought to receive as a compensation
for his services $5,000 a year.
Mr. LANE. I shall vote for the proposition
of the Senator from Delaware to increase the
compensation to $5,000 a year, believing that
the members of the Senate are not sufficiently
paid for their labors and the necessary expenses
incident to their office. I shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri to
interfere now with the question of mileage.
This question of mileage was arranged soma
