1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
years, and finally resulted in the most devastat-
ing war known to the history of mankind.
I am not wanting in respect for the tran-
scendent abilities of the "great Carolinian,"
but it is painful to notice how ■
"Wild ambition loves to slid«, not stand,
And Fortune's ice prefers to Virtue's land." .
I propose to bring this notion of a copartner-
ship of States to the touch-stone of the Consti-
tution itself, as well as its contemporaneous
history, and then leave to impartial minds the
just conclusion.
As early as the 8th of April, 1787, James
Madison, then a member of the Congress of the
Confederation, sitting in New York, wrote to
Governor Randolph, of Virginia, and thus suc-
cinctly gave his views in regard to the proper
action to be taken by the Convention about to
assemble in Philadelphia to revise the Articles
of Confederation:
"I hold it for a fundamental point that an indi-
vidual indeijendcnce of the States is utterly irrecon-
cilable with the idea of an aggregate sovereignty.
I think, at the same time, that a consolidation ol'the
States into one simple republic is not loss unattain-
able than it would be inexpedient.
"Let it be tried, then, whether any middle ground
can be taken which will at once support a. due suprem-
acy of the national authority and leave in lorco the
local authorities, so far as they can be subordinately
useful."
This letter of Mr. Madison very truly depicts
the constitutional Government wiiich he after-
ward assisted to frame, and which he admin-
istered for eight years as the immediate suc-
cessor of Thomas Jefferson in the presidential
chair.
The Constitutional Convention was organized
at Philadelphia on Friday, the 25th day of
May, 17S7. On Wednesday, May 30, the Con-
vention, while in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, adopted the following
significant resolution with but one State (Con-
necticut) voting in the negative: .
" Rewlvcd, That it is the opinion of this eommitteo
that a. national Government ought to bo established,
consisting of a supreme legislative, judiciary, and
executive." '
This was the first resolution adopted by the
Convention, and its author was Edmund Ran-
dolph, the gentleman to whom Mr. Madison
had written the letter of the 8th of April to
which allusion has been made.
It forms the first of a series of resolutions
which were subsequently placed on file in the
Department of State by President Washington.
The distinguished lawyer, Luther Martin, of
Maryland, who was a member of the Conven-
tion, and who was strongly opposed to the
adopiion of the Constitution by the people,
thus speaks of this resolution in his address to
the Legislature of his own State:
"Nay, so far were the friends of the system from
pretending that they meant it or considered it as a
Federal system, that, on the qucs&on being proposed
' that a union of the States, merely Federal, ought to
be the soleobjectof the exercise of the powers vested
in the Convention,' itwas negatived by a majority of
the members, and it was K'.-olved, 'thai a national
Government ought to be formed.' "
Chief Justice Yates, of New York, in his
notes of the secret debates of the Federal Con-
vention, says, under date of Tuesday, May 29,
1787:
" IlisExcollency, Governor Randolph, a member
from Virginia, got up, and in a long and elaborate
speech showed the defects in the system of the pres-
ent Federal Government as totally inadequate to the
pcace, safety, and seem-Hy of the Confederation, and
the absolute necessity of a more' energetic Govern-
ment.
"lie closed these remarks with a set of resolutions,
fifteen in number, which he proposed to the Con-
vention for their adoption, and as leading principles
whereon to form a new Government. IIo candidly
confessed that they were not intended for a Federal
Government. lie meant a sti-ong, consolidated Union,
ill which the idea of States should be nearly annihi-
lated."
On the following day. raid when said reso-
lution in respect to a national Government
was under consideration, in Committee of the
Whole, "it was asked," says Justice Yates,
"whether it was intended to annihilate State
governments?" It was answered, "only so
far as the powers inteuded to be granted to the
new Government should clash with the States,
when the latter were to yield."
lion. Elbridge Gerry, in a letter to the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, assigning reasjpns for
withholding his signature from the Constitu-
tion, says :
" It has few, if any, Federal features, but is rather
a system of national Government."
Hon. J ohn J ay, in an address to the people of
the State^of New York, urging the adoption of
the Constitution, uses this remarkable language:
"The Convention concurred in opinion with the peo-
ple,that a national Government, competent to every
national object, was indispensably accessary."
I could multiply the declarations of eminent
men who were upon the stage of action at the
time the Constitution was framed and adopted,
all to the same purport, but I feel the neces-
sity of appropriating some portion of the hour
allotted to me to the consideration of the evi-
dence furnished by that instrument itself. It
purports, on its face, to be a transfer of govern-
mental power directly from the people to cer-
tain constituted authorities, involving the ex-
ercise of the higher, attributes of sovereignty.
It gives " Congress" power "to make war and
to make peace; to raise and support armies
and navies; to coin money and regulate the
value thereof; to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations and among the several States^ t'o
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises." On the other hand, it effectually'in-
terdicts the exercise of powers, by the States
respectively, that shall in anywise interfere with
these and other high, prerogatives of Congress.
For that purpose, it provides that—
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal;
coin money; emit bills of credit; make anything but
gold and silver-coin a tender in payment of debts;
pass any bill of attainder, r.r. pout faoio law, or law
impairing the obligation of contracts."
Moreover, it provides that—
" No State shall, without the consent of tho Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports
cxcept what may bo absolutely neecssary for exe-
cuting its inspection laws."
Also, that—
"No Slate shall, without the consent of Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops, or ships of war
in time ot peace, enter into any agreement or com-
pact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or
engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such im-
minent danger as will not admit of delay."
And, as if to make "assurance doubly sure,"
the second clause of the sixth article of the
Constitution speaks this language perpetually:
"This Constitution, and tho 1 aws of tho United States
which shall ho made in jnu-suance thereof, and all
treaties made, or which shall be made, under the au-
thority of the United States, shall bo the supreme law
of tho land; and tho judges in every State shall be
bound thereby, anything in the constitution or laws
of any State to tho contrary notwithstandins."
Here I pause, and hail with respectful grati-
tude the enunciation made by the President in
his annual message:
"'The sovereignty of tho States' is the language of
the Confederacy, and not tho language of the Consti-
tution."
Thus far I have attempted to show that the
framers of the Constitution contemplated the
creation, "by the people of the United States,"
of a national Government, and not a Confed-
eracy of States.
This national Government was approved and
ratified by tho people, assembled for the express
purpose of considering it, in their respective
State conventions.
I have next attempted to show that the na-
tional Government is invested with the exercise
of many of the high powers incident to sover-
eignty, while the exercise of similar powers is
expressly denied to the States.
It is doubtless true that both governments
exercise important functions, and, in their re-
spective spheres of action, each is independent
of the oilier. But both are limited, and neither
is "sovereign." If I be asked, "Where, then,
may sovereignty, in our country, be found to
reside?" I answer, unhesitatingly, in" the peo-
Fi.c. Look where you will, throughout all tho
ramifications of Government, State and Na-
tional, and you will find it, happily, so ordered
i that all power, executive, legislative, andjudi-
| eial. returns, periodically, to its only true source
 the pbopix.
The President of the United States, whose
official position is infinitely more dignified than
that of any potentate in Europe,Is only an agent
of the people for a term of years. And so of
the Senators and Representatives in Congress;
while tho Justices of the Supreme Court are all
the time 1' on their good behavior.'' I am made
strong in this position by caMing to my support
the highest authority. Chief Justice Jay says
in the address to which I have once alluded, as
an argument for the adoption ofthe Constitution:
"The proposed Government is to bo the Government
ofthe people; all its officers arc to be their officers,
and to exercise no rights but such as the people com-
mit to them. The Constitution only serves to point
out that part of the people's business which they think
proper, by it, to refer to the management of the per-
sons therein designated. Those persons are to reecive
that business to manage, not for themselves and as
their own, but as agents and overseers for the people,
to whom thoy are constantly responsible, and by whom
only they are to bo appointed."
Hon. James Wilson, of Pennsylvania, too, in
addressing the convention of his own State, as-
sembled to deliberate on the propriety of adopt-
ing that Constitution, to tho excellence of which,
he had, by his consummate wisdom, and virtue,
contributed so largely, thus expatiated upon
this branch of my subject:
" There necessarily exists in every Government a
power from which there is no appeal; and which,for
that reason, may bo termed supreme, absolute, and
uncontrollable. Where does this power reside?
"Perhaps some politician who lias not considered,
with sufficient accuracy our political systems, would
answer that in our governments the supreme power
was vested in tho constitutions. This opinion ap-
proaches near to the truth, but does not reach it. The
truth is that in our governments tho supreme, abso-
lute, and uncontrollable power remains in the people.
" As our constitutions are superior to our Legisla-
tures, so tho people are superior to our constitutions.
Indeed, the superiority in this last instance is much
greater, for the. people possess over our constitutions
control in act as well as riyht. In this Constitution,
all authority is derived from the people."
And so the President very justly declares in
his message:
" Our Government springs from and was made for
the people; not the people for the Government. To
them it owes allegiance; from them it must derive its
courage, strength, and wisdom."
It has been claimed, however, that notwith-
standing the General Government, in allnational
matters, issupreme in its authority, and although
the individual States have not the shadow of a
right to secede peaceably from tho Union, yet,
if any one or more States resort, to armed force
to accomplish that purpose, the strong arm of
the national Executive is paralyzed; and for
the reason that "the Constitution nowhere dele-
gates to the General Government the power to
declare and make war against a State."
I hold this objection to be puerile in the
lowest degree. As well may tho citizen of a
State, when arraigned at the bar of the court of
his county for tho commission of a crime, de-
mand an exhibition of the war power, on the
page of the State constitution, before lie can be
subjected to punishment for his offense. The
nation does not declare war against its depend-
encies ; it, nevertheless, exerts sufficient force
to restrain them, when they madly attempt to
revolutionize tho Government.
The true theory, however, is that the General
Government, like the State government, acts
upon the individual citizen, and it may always
use the degree of force necessary to secure obe-
dience to law, whether resistance be offered by
one citizen, or all the citizens of a State, or the
citizcns of a dozen States combined.
It is often said, by tho friends of the doctrine
of "secession,"that the Convention refused to
insert in tlic Constitution a clause authorizing
the exertion of "tho force of the Union against
any member of the same, failing to fulfill its duty
under the articles thereof." It is doubtless true
that such a resolution was offered in Convention,
and that the same was, for wise reasons, indefi-
nitely postponed. It is equally true that a pro-
viso was offered, in Convention, to the third sec-
tion of the third article of the Constitution,
which defines tho crime of treason. It was in
these words:
"Provide, That it o act or act? done by nno or more
ofthe Slates a-rainM tho United States, or by any citi-
zen of any one of t he United States,under the authority
of one or moi e of tkecaid tales, shall be doomed trca-
