1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
anything that is equitable and just toward that
company. I have no doubt whatever that they
will cheerfully perform, the ordinary transpor-
tation of the Government without any charge.
But when, for some purpose which I cannot
understand, unless it be connected with the
local politics of Illinois, attacks are made year
by year upon this railroad company, which,
according the testimony of the Secretary of
War, has performed most faithful and devoted
service to the country, I must defend this com-
pany to the utmost of my ability.
I trust the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Mr. Chair-
man, I have introduced this proviso in con-
formity to what I supposed to be the unani-
mous sentiment of the House. After the act
was passed by the House to facilitate inter-
course between the States, it was suggested
such a construction could be given to it that the
Illinois Central Railroad Company could re-
ceive compensation for the transportation of
troops and property of the United States, which
was not autliorized by the law making the grant
to the road ; and with that understanding, such
was the excitementin the House, such appeared
to be the feeling of indignation of gentlemen
all over the House, that we should sanction such
a principle, that, by unanimous consent, the bill
was called back from the Senate to amend it so
that this railroad company could not, under any
circumstances, receive such compensation.
Now, sir, I have never had any doubt on this
question. It is idle for the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] to arraign me here in
regard to my course concerning the Illinois
Central or any other railroad company. It has
nothing to do with the merits of the question
before the House. As to my position with
respect to the Illinois Central railroad, the pub-
lic understand what it is ; and I am willing to
stand on it in any part of the State.
First, Mr. Chairman, in reply to what the
gentleman has said in regard to the action of
the last Congress. This House passed this
proposition over and over again on an amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from lowa^ [Mr.
Wjlsox] that no portion of the appropriation
should be used to pay this Illinois Central Kail-
road Company. And why did the House pass
it? Because the law making the grant lo_ the
Illinois Central Hailroad Company provided
expressly that they should carry the troops and
property of the United States free of toll or
other charge. It was shown this company had
received an immense grant of lands, and it was
shown they were pledged to do that when they
accepted the land, that is, that they should do
this work for the United States. The amend-
ment was adopted by an overwhelming majority.
We voted on it many times, hut the Senate re-
fused to concur, and we had three or four com-
mittees of conference. At the heel-end, when
the sands of the session were fast running out,
in order to prevent the loss o1 the appropriation
hill, the House finally receded ; but it was the
opinion oftheHouse, asindicated by vote after
vote, that this company had no right whatever
to receive any pay l'or their service.
In the Congress before the last one this ques-
tion was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, one of the ablest- committees. It was
in that Congress composed of the most distin-
guished men in the House. What was their
report? They reported to the House that the
company was not entitled to receive any com-
pensation whatsoever.
Why, sir. that was admitted in the discus-
sion. It was claimed we were driving a hard
bargain with the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany, that they never expected to be called
upon to do this" work. In answer to that it was
shown that, by the war, by the additional busi-
ness which they had received growing out of
the war. that company had done from twenty-
five to fifty per cent, more business than they
would have done had not the war broken out.
It was shown, although they charged nothing
for the work'done for the Government, they
would be from twenty-five to fifty per cent,
better off than if there had never been any war.
But they came in with these charges on the
ground stated by the gentleman from New Yorlc,
and which in my judgment is utterly untenable.
They went to the Secretary of W ar and said
they would have to give up the road unless they
were paid, and he paid them, according to the
report, $5,552,000, leaving a large amount un-
paid. Whether an additional amount has been
paid I do net know ; but I do know this com-
pany has no right under the law. It has no
such right under its charter from the State of
Illinois, which I understand provides they shall
not receive any compensation. They had no
right to this sum paid them and they have no
right to any additional sum. Therefore, sir, I
have moved this amendment: in the first place
providing no additional sum shall be paid to
them ; and in the, second place, for testing this
matter before the courts, that is, whether under
the terms of their grant they have any right to
receive any compensation whatsoever.
These are the grounds upon which I have
introduced this amendment; and I trust there
will be no substantial division in the commit-
tee in regard to the subject.
If the courts decide they are entitled to this
money, they will get it; if they dccide they are
not entitled to it, then they ought to be com-
pelled to refund what they have already re-
ceived.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I shall not detain
the committee with any lengthy remarks on
this question. But there arc new members
here who were not members of the House at
the last session : and I do not understand how
my colleague could have supposed an amend-
ment such as he has offered would pass this
committee unanimously.
I see around me a good many members of
the House who were members of the last Con-
gress wdio opposed it then, and who opposed
it not only by votes but by speeches, and I
presume that" they have not changcd their
determination in regard to it. I now rise
merely for the purpose of stating this ease as
it is, and brushing away the fog which has been
thrown around it by my colleague. I am not
in favor of giving to a railroad nor any other
company any more than is their just due. At
the same time I will not allow any private
grudge or any popular demonstration that may
be made against this company to swerve me
from what I conceive to be an act ot justice
and legal right.
The original charter which passed Congress
granting lands to the State of Illinois for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of a rail-
road provided that such road should be free to the
Government for the transportation of troops
and munitions of war. There is no provision
in that act to which my colleague adverted re-
quiring that the company shall transport sup-
plies or troops over the road free of charge.
Nothing of the kind. If the Government sees
fit to use the road and put rolling stock upon
it for the transportation of troops, it may do so,
but nobody it seems to me, could ever have
dreamed that in time of a great war, when the
Government kept the entire rolling stock of
this road employed in the transportation of its
troops and property, it should be allowed to
do so without charge thereon. The agent of
the railroad company, when the Government
desired to use the road for ti asportation, made
a contract with the Secretary of Vv ar, with the
concurrence of the then President ot the United
Slates, and upon the opinion of the Attorney
General, as I understand, all concurring that
the railroad company was entitled to payment
for the transportation of troops and munitions
of war. And they were transported by the
company in pursuance of a contract that the
company should receive so much and no more.
I do not remember how much it was, about
two fifths or three filths the tisual tariff of rates,
T believe, making allowance for the right of
the Governmentto use the road bed and paying
the company for the use of_ the rolling stock,
its agents, conductors, and freight men.
Now it'is true that my colleague, or some
other gentleman at Che last session of Congress,
proposed an amendment sitnilar to this. , It is
true the House voted it in, and it is troe that
we voted upon it and discussed it a number of
times, the Senate steadily adhering, to its first
vote and non-concurring in the amendment
w-hich was proposed in the House, upon-a fullj
free, open and fair discussion. It came back to
the House afterwards, and was discussed-a
second, third, and fourth time, and on each of
those occasions my colleague got less votes for
his amendment than he got before.
It is a very easy thing to propose an amend-
ment of this sort, making an assault upon a rail-
road company, charge it with being a monopoly,
or with robbing the Government, and all that
sort of thing, and in that way to carry such a
measure through without regard to right or jus-
tice. But it does seem to me that when the
House shall understand this question, when it
shall understand that the railroad company used
almost its entire rolling stock, all its agents,
conductors, engineers, and other employes in
the service of the Government, and that this
was a contract made with the Secretary of War,
upon a careful consideration of the law, the
rights of the Government and the rights of the
company, it does seem to me that the House
will not interfere with that, contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I knew it
to be the opinion of the Secretary of War that
the railroad compauy was not entitled to this
money, and paid it distinctly under protest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What did he make
the contract for, then?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He did
not; it was the former Secretary of War that
made it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was a contract
nevertheless.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiiscbxe] is entirely mistaken in re-
gard to the opinion of the Sedretary of War.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
only to state that I am not mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman tells two sto-
ries.
Mr. COOK. I wish to say a single word in
reference to this matter.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I am rather inclined
to think that by the letter of this bond, as a
legal question, the Illinois Central Railroad
Company would not, bo able to recovcr for trans-
portation of troops and property of the Gov-
ernment under any circumstances whatever.
Certainly in time of peace nobody would set up
such a claim. The simple question is whether
in time of war the legal relations between the
parties and the Government are changed by
reason of the war. Strictly speaking," they are
not. But a great G overnment like ours, a body
that cannot be sued, a body whose duty it is to
protect the interest of the citizen, must look at
such matters through the light of equity rather
than through that of stern and harsh law.
Now, sir, the Government has never lost
anything by giving these lands to the State of
Illinois. It has doubled the price of every alter-
nate section of land on the line of the road;
and the road itself has developed that great
State almost from its northern to its southern
boundary, and brought there untold wealth,
which, without it, would never have been car-
ried to that State. So that in equity the Gov-
ernment, even in time of peace, would lose noth-
ing if she treated the Illinois Central railroad,
notwithstanding this contract, as she treats other
roads which have had no land grants. _
Sir, things have very much change^smce that,
grant was made. Who supposed that wo were
ever going to have such a war as has afflicted
us during the last four or five yea, s ? W hen
this contract was made no such condition ot
things could have been anticipated or provided
ao-ainsl; but the time came when the whole
material of thatroad was for month after month,
as I am informed, demanded by the Govern-
ment for the transportation of its troops and
supplies. The road always furnished whatever
