1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
the Government demanded, and always per-
formed its duty faithfully, honestly, with celer-
ity, and to the satisfaction of the Goverment.
Now, suppose the Government had been
obliged to take possession of the road for six
months and use it for nothing but military pur-
poses, and by so doing had destroyed or greatly
impaired the value, not only of the road butof
the rolling stock, would the gentleman from
Illinois, [Sir. Washburne,] though he is the
guardian and the "watch dog" of the Treasury
—and I admire him. for his valor in standing
up here and facing down almost every appro-
priation—under such a condition of things say
that the Illinois Central railroad should lose all
this depreciation of their rolling stock and of
their road, and that the Government should have
the use of the entire property l'or months and
months without any consideration ? I am sure
the gentleman's sense of equity would prevent
his taking a position of that kind. And to an
extent that condition of things has existed, and
for years their property was used for the pur-
poses oftlie Government. Troops were trans-
ported to the southern portion of Illinois with
all the supplies and munitions of war. The
Government had the benefit of this j and shall
the Government now, bccause it has a bond
that by its strict letter would operate unjustly
upon the company, avail itself of all (lie obli-
gations of that bond and say to these jieojilc
you shall not have these equitable righls, which
it is our duty as a (lovenimenf. to secure to you?
It seems to me that it is not right for us to lake
that \iew of the case, and, more especially, as
this matter has gone to the proper department
and been canvassed there, and payments have
been made.
Moiu especially is it improper for us to say
now that the Attorney General shall commence
a suit against the railroad company tor the re-
covery of the amount that has been paid by the
Department because it was against, the strict
letter of the law under which the grant was
made by the Government.
Now, I believe in doing justice. No man
ever yet sullereil, in my judgment, in reputa-
tion or in profit, in the long run, who stood up
and did precisely what lie thought was right.
I believe it was right, that this company should
receive -the very moderate compensation which
they have received, and I believe it, would be
wrong for us because we have the power to
undertake to exercise thai power to the injury
of the company.
Mr. YVLIXJAMS. I understand the gentle-
man to surrender this ease upon the law, lie
puts it now upon mere equitable considerations.
In that view I would ask hi in whether upon the
whole this company lias been advantaged bv
tin; war, or otherwise-? II' it has been dam-
aged, then there may be force in his argument;
otherwise there is none.
Mr. W OODBRIDUl'l. I cannot, sav whether
the company has been injured or otherwise by
the war, hut i can say that, the country has been
benefited bv the railroad, and if it had not been
for this railroad, the whole southern portion of
that beautiful Slate would have been overrun by
guerrillas, and millions and hundreds of millions
worth of property and thousands of lives would
have been sacrificed thereby.
Mr. WILLI A.MS. 1 would ask the gentle-
man, where, then, is his equity?
i\lr. \\ OODUKllHiK. i will tell the gen-
tleman where my equity is. My equity is, in
the first place, the Government of the United
Slates have never lost one dollar for all the
time of the war by reason of granting these
lands to the Illinois Central railroad. After
the war began, by reason of having the railroad
running through the State where it did, the
Government was benefited to an amount that
can hardly be calculated by arithmetic. And
when we have received these benefits I do
think there rests upon us an equity to do that
toward the persons conferring those benefits
which other parties do that are similarly situ-
ated to the Illinois Central railroad.
I do not base my argument upon the matter
of strict law. because I believe a strict con-
struction of the law would be against the claim.
But I put it upon what is better and higher
and purer and nobler than law; upon the
ground of right. And I say, let come what
will come, so long as I have a vote to cast,
where the interests of my fellow-citizens are
concerned, I will do what is right. When I
go into a court of lajv, I will then undertake
to determine what is given by the law that
governs the case.
Mr. SLOAN. It seems to be conceded that
this railroad company has no legal right to the
money that has been paid it for transporting
the freight and troops of the Government.
There is not the least ground for claiming that
this railroad has any legal right to this money.
They entered into a contract to which there
was no exception. It applied to and was in
force in time of peacc as well as in time of war,
and the contract thus entered into has been
kept and performed on the part of the Govern-
ment, and there is no reason why this railroad
company should not keep and perform the con-
tract upon its part, unless, as is now alleged,
it would bo a very inequitable and unjust thing
to require them to do so, and it appcalsto Con-
gress to relieve it, from what is a hard bargain,
lint 1 submit that no gentleman, certainly not
the gentleman who has just, taken his seat. [Mr.
WooniitunoK,] has attempted to show that this
railroad company has made a hard bargain
with the Government from which it ought in
justice and in equity to be relieved.
Sir, what, is the extent, of the consideration
which this railroad company received for cur-
rying free of charge the freights and troops of
tiie Government? It, is the most magnificent
grant of land that, ever has been or ever will
be donated by this Government, worth to this
company at least, twenty million dollars. This
company will realize from this magnificent
grant of land enough money to build thecntire
road without the investment, of a dollar be-
sides. At least, every dollar invested by the
stockholders will be reimbursed to this com-
pany from the sale of this land.
Now, in comparison with this very large
amount, which this company has received, the
cost of transportation l'or the Government, is
very small, and there is no reason in equity or
injustice why the Government, in time of war,
and when its finances are absorbed in carrying
on its military operations, should put, its hand
into the Treasury and give as a donation, for
it is nothing else, to this monopoly, this rail-
road company to which this Government lias
already given from the public domain at least
twenty million dollars, this further amount,
which has already boon paid it for transpor-
tation of freight, and troops for the Govern-
ment.
1 notice, and I ask this committee to notice,
that gentlemen who base this claim upon tin1
ground of equity and justice fail to point out.
how and why, in an equitable and jmt point of
view, the Government in its time of need, when
its resources are taxed to their utmost capacity,
should give to this corporation this additional
sum, when both the legal right, of the Govern-
ment and every consideration of equity and
justice requirethat the railroad company should
perform its part of the contract it entered into.
It lias already received an ample consideration
ten times over for the services which it has per-
formed for the Government. And gentlemen
will now be unjusttothe country, unjust to their
constituents who are bearing an onerous bur-
den of taxation to support, the Government,
if they are willingto give this amomitof money
as a mere donation to this corporation, already
wealthy and prosperous. Instead of having
been injured by the war this company has never
been so prosperous, has never made so much
money, lias never divided so large dividends, as
during the last five years. Never could this i
corporation better afford to carry out the con-
tract into which it has entered than now; and
there will never arrive a time when the Gov-
ernment, will more need that, the eon tract should
be performed. I trust that we shall act, in this
matter as it is our duly to do—protect the in-
terests of the Government and the interests of
the people.
If this were a hard case, if this company had
received an inadequate consideration, if it
were unable to perform its part of the bargain,
or if it were a hardship to compel the perform-
ance of the contract, I would be willing to join
with gentlemen here in relieving the company
from its obligations. But. there are no such
circumstances appealing to our consideration.
Taking into view the amount which this com-
pany has received from the Government, and
its prosperous condition during the war, I defy
gentlemen to state any facts which will con-
vince any impartial mind that any considera-
tion of justice or equity demands that we should
now pay this amount of money from the pub-
lic Treasury to this railroad corporation. We
might as well give the money to any other cor-
poration as to this company, which it is ad-
mitted has no legal claim, and whose equitable
claim, I submit, stands upon as slender a
foundation as the legal one.
Mr. COOK resumed the floor.
Mr. GIUNNELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the latter clause of
it, so that it will read as follows :
Provided, That no part of tho money hnroby appro-
priated shall be used lor payinpr the Illinois Central
Kail road Company forthe transportation of the troops
or the property of tho United St\tey.
Mr. Chairman, to the extent of the clause
which I have just read, I am in favor of this
amendment: hut I am not uisposcd to go any
fu tther. Tho gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wamibuune] will bear me witness thai, at the
last session, I fought him to the host of my
ability upon this question. A long time was
then occupied in its discussion. 1 then held
that to deny the company any pay for the trans-
portation of troops and munitions of war was
dri\ing a hard bargain I do not believe in
such bargains. I do not. believe that because
you have the power you should exact the last
drop of blood l'rom a man or a corporation;
and J therefore at the last session contended
for a lenient policy toward this company.
But I am willing thai, in the future, no more
money shall be paid to this company by the
Government. The condition of Ihe company
lias changed. It cannot now justly make an
appeal to our charity. Its stock has advanced
greatly in value. As a company it is not acting
quite as well as 1 could desire. 1 remember
that there occurred upon that road, not long
since, an incident in which a wounded soldier,
who had lost onv leg in the service of the United
States, was ejcc(ed ftom the train into a snow
bank, and left there to the mercy of the storm.
1 mention this incident not to creatc prejudice
against this company, but in explanation of the
vote which I shall give.
i am ready to vote against paying this com-
pany any more money; but I am not in favor
of causing a suit to be instituted by the Attor-
ney General of the United States for the re-
covery of the amount which the corporation
has already received from the Government.
The contract for the payment of that money
was made, as I understand, by the Secretary of
"War; and I am willing that the money which
has been paid under that contract shall be re-
tained by the company; but I am not willing
to vote for paying another dollar.
I say nothing upon the question whether this
corporation has abused the rights and privileges
bestowed upon it. The road. I doubt not, has
been a great benefit to the State. It is able at
this time to get along without any favors at
our hands. Hence, I say, let the company keep
what it has received: but let us protect for the
future the interests of the Government ^by
declaring that this corporation shall receive
no more.
Mr. HARDIN"G? oflllinois. Chairman,
I desire to say I concur in the views which
have been expressed by ray colleague^ [Mr.
Washburxe] and the gentleman from Wiscon-
