3116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
that the motion to postpone might be sub-
mitted.
The SPEAKER. After the motion was en-
tertained thegentleman resumed his seat, which
left the raotiou open to general debate, when
the gentleman from Wisconsin rose and was
recognized by the Chair.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I may have committed
an error. I resumed my seat in order that the
gentleman on my right might make a motion to
postpone until December next.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mary-
land did resume his seat, and the gentleman
from Wisconsin obtained the floor.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I did not yield the floor
but for the purpose of having that motion sub-
mitted. I made my comments why the motion
to postpone should be agreed to, and then
yielded to the gentleman from Illinois to make
the motion, as he desired. I did not consider
the motion legitimately before the House until
I yielded to the gentleman from Illinois for that
purpose. lie not appearing, the motion was
made for him by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis.] But, sir, I waive all
formality and yield the floor.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Mary-
land is desirous to go on with his remarks I
am willing to yield the floor to him ; but I am
not di.spo.sed to yield to a motion to postpone
without discussion. I know very well before
a vote ean be taken on this bill it is probable
that a vote will be taken on the motion to post-
pone: 1 know I cannot prevent thai; [ do not
desire to do so; but I do not desire it shall be
(lone before we have had an opportunity to be
heard. If 1 am not, mistaken, tin1 gentleman
lias been heard for an hour on this bill, and
perlmp* the gentleman would prefer the vote
should be taken on the motion to postpone
without any discussion on the part of the friends
of the bill.
I will yield I lie floor to the gentleman from
Man land to go on with his remarks with the
understanding that the friends of the bill shall
have an opportunity to answer liini.
The Si'EA ICEIl. Thegentleman from Wis-
consin would have the right to he heard after
the previous question was seconded.
Mr. I'1. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, it is the
height, nf mv ambition on all occasions to
allow to a majority of the. House an opportu-
nity to dispn.se nf any proposition as they may
de-are, and hence 1 was perfectly willing to
waive discussion for a. motion to postpone this
bill to December next. 1 will not make any
remark on that subject, e\"eept to say to my
irietid from Wisconsin that he is mistaken in
supposing I he discussion has been all on my
side. lie will remember that, the gentleman
from Illinois, | Mr. Ixomisoi.i.J the chairman
of the committee, occupied an hour in advo-
cacy of this measure without the slightest
opportunity for reply.
Mr. COBB. I will reply when the gentle-
man has linished.
Mr. K. THOMAS. Mv. Speaker, I will
proceed now from the point to which I had
progressed when interrupted. I will call the
attention of the House to the laws bearing on
the question : and I will read from them, that
their peculiar character may be lixed in the
minds of members; that they may know it is
no ordinary question they propose to decide
in this bill, because if this principle be sanc-
tioned by the Congress of the United States,
capitalists from one end of the country to the
other must necessarily be alarmed by such an
exposition of political morals. It strikes vi-
tally, in my judgment, at, all internal improve-
ments of the country. For if the precautions
taken in this case by Maryland and Virginia
do not guaranty to this canal corporation a
perfect security against such legislation as is
here proposed, then there are no precautious
that can be taken anywhere, from one end of
the country to the other, that can make cap-
ital safe.
I hold in rny hand the act of the State of
Virginia which was the initiatory measure to
the creation of this corporation. The act was
passed on the 27th of January, 1824. It is in
the ordinary form of an act of incorporation
granting the ordinary powers to the company.
1" will read a single clause in this law:
" Provided, That before this act takes effect tlic
Congress of the United' States shall authorize the
States of Virginia and Maryland, or either of them,
to take and continue a canal from any point of the
above-named canal or the termini thereof, through
the territory of the District of Columbia or any part
thereof to the territory of the said States or either
of them in any direction they may deem proper."
Maryland ratified that law of Virginia. But
Maryland goes further, and out of abundant
caution in a subsequent act, passed in Decem-
ber, 1825, makes still more perfect the com-
pact between Maryland and the Government
of the United States which this bill, if passed,
would violate. Maryland agreed to appropri-
ate and did appropriate and expend $200,000
in clearing out and deepening harbors which
the Government was bound to improve. In
this act of 1825 there is the following provision:
"Provided, That before any part of the aforesaid sub-
scriptions, except so much as is payable in the stock
and debt of the Potomac Company, shall be made, or
any part of the sum herein appropriated to execate
the improvements contemplated by this act to be
made on the low lands situated on the margins of the
aforesaid rivers and creeks, or to execute the improve-
ments of tho Pocomokc, Manokin, Wicomico, Great
Choptank, Chester, Klk, and Northeast rivers be ex-
pended, the Congress of the tJnitod States shall by
law authoiize a subscript ion for not less than ten
thousand shares of the capital stock of the eastern
section of tho Chesapeake and Ohio eanat, and shall
enact a law expressly securing to the State of Mary-
land, and to any company incorporated or hereafter
to be incorporated by the said State, the l ight to take
and continue a canal from any point of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal, through tho territory of Colum-
bia, or any part thereof, to the saidStatc, in anydireo-
tion it may deem proper."
Tho law which I have just read points out the
mode and manner in which Maryland shall
avail of the privileges granted in that law. It
provides that the (Jovernor shall call upon tho
President, of tho United States to appoint a
commissioner with a view to the location of
any such canal as Maryland may need or re-
quire.
Now, what did Congress do? By an act passed
on the od of March, ]82">, Congress ratifies,
allinns, adopts, and makes law in the District,
of Columbia the charter passed originally by
Virginia, and accepted and ratified by Mary-
land. Congress goes further, and in express
terms accepts the proposition submitted by
Maryland in the law from which I have just
read. In accepting that charter Congress
adopted the very phraseology 1 have read from
the law of Vi rginia, and agreed that the waters
of the Potomac should bo reserved to the States
o( Maryland and Virginia for any future im-
provement that they might think proper to pro-
ject. Then Congress, after confirming unquali-
fiedly and unconditionally this charter of the
Chesaneake and Ohio Canal Company, in the
second section of the law I hold in my hand,
declares:
"Should this State of Virginia or Maryland desire
at any time to avail itself of the right sccurcd to it by
the twenty-tirst section of the act aforesaid."
That, is the very section I have read from,
wherein Maryland made a proposition to the
Government of the United States to expend
$200,000 in clearing out the harbor on the
margin of the north bank of the Potomac and
on the Eastern Shore, which the Government
of the United States was bound under the Con-
stitution to do for the accommodation of the
national ships, the coastwise trade, and the
foreign commerce.
"Should the State of Virginia or Maryland de-
sire at any time to avail itself of the right secured to
it by the twcniy-lh'st section of the act aforesaid to
take and continue a canal from any point of the
C hesapeake arid Ohio canal to any other point within
the territory of the District of Columbia, or through
the same, on application to the President of the
united Mates, by the Executive of the State, the
i resident is authorized and empowered to depute
three skillful commissioners of tho United States
corps ot bngineers to survey and examine so much
ot the route of such canal as may affect in any
manner the navigation of the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal.''
Under this power a canal to Alexandria has
been made. Under this power the property
lias been created which gentlemen now propose
to touch with unholy hands and to appropriate
to a company of speculators. I do not speak
this disrespectfully. Speculators are the pio-
neers in the great improvement of the coun-
try ; but I want them to keep within legitimate
boundaries and not trespass upon interests of
Maryland that are of vital importance to my
constituency, nor come before the Congress of
the United Stales and ask a surrender of its
honor and its plighted faith for their benefit.
I will refer to one other statute, because it
may have been whispered in the ear of gentle-
men who hear me that the charter of the Ches-
apeake and Ohio Canal Company is forfeited.
Why, sir, I have some knowledge of the history
of that canal; I have examined all the laws on
this subject. I will not trouble the House by
referring to them all; it is not necessary. It is
only necessary to refer to a single sratute passed
by Congress, and in the same words by the Le-
gislatures of Maryland and Virginia, to find
that the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company
were released in 18-15 from all forfeitures prior
to that date, and were clothed with complete
power under this charter, provided t.hey fin-
ished their canal for transit to the town of
Cumberland in 1855. And I know that the
canal was completed within the requirement
of that law, by 1850. So that there can be no
pretense that their charter lias ever been for-
feited.
Now, let me ask, what has been done by the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, of which
Maryland holds nearly all the stock, the Gov-
ernment of the United States holding but a
very small portion? What has been done by
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company in
pursuance of the authority with which that cor-
poration wasclotlied? They have notonly made
a canal from the boundaries of the District of
Columbia to the town of Cumberland, but they
have extended that canal eastward through
Georgetown to tho Washington canal just about
at the base of the mound upon which the
National Observatory stands.
Now, what is proposed in this bill? It, pro-
poses to grant to a company of individuals,
nine of the number, a majority of them, being
non-residents of the District of Columbia, and
none of them being residents of Maryland, not
only tho power to hold, occupy, possess, and
enjoy, without paying for it, the Washington
canal, but, to hold, occupy, and possess all that
part of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal that
lies east of the western bank of Rock creek.
That part of tho canal members are not so
familiar with. I therefore hope they will ex-
cuse me for dwelling upon particularities.
The canal companyhave built a dike between
the river .and Rock creek and formed a basin.
They have constructed four very expensive
canal locks immediately beyond Rock creek
within the short distance of a quarter of a mile.
They have built outside of the jurisdiction of
the United .States and inside of the jurisdic-
tion of Maryland a dam across the Potomac
river for a feeder for all the canals. The water
from the river, after supplying certain facto-
ries, furnishes the means of reaehingthis basin
at the mouth of Bock creek and then passes
into the Washington canal.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield?
Mr. P. THOMAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. There are one or
two provisions in this bill that I desire to call
attention to, and then ask a question about it
in view of some remarks made by the gentle-
man from Maryland. I understand the main
objection that thegentleman makes to this bill
is that it proposes to seize upon the property
of another corporation to which the faith of
this Government is pledged and from which
tho Government has received valuable consid-
erations. Now, then, tho gravity of such an
objection as that must be obvious to every-
body ; and if the bill is justly liable to that
objection it cannot well be passed by this
House.
The suggestions which I desire to make, and
upon which I wish to hear the gentleman from
