1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2157
The SPEAKER stated that ninety-eight mem-
bers had answered t.o their names.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that all fur-
ther proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
recommit, no quorum having appeared on the
last vote.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
the bill was recommitted.
Mr. KASSON. I now submit the substitute
to which I referred, and move that it be printed
and referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JEN"CKES moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill and substitute were referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVENUE ASSESSORS.
Mr. MILLER, byunanimous consent, moved
that the bill which he introduced yesterday to
allow United States revenue assessors to ap-
point deputies he ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
IOWA A.\D MISSOURI STATE LINE RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Rail: oad, repotted back Iiouse bill No.
30-1, granting laud to the Iowa and Missouri
State Line Railroad Company, and for oilier*
purposes, with sundry amendments.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Has the
bill been printed?
Mr. PRICE. It has.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. But not
the amendments.
Mr. PRICE. They are few.
Mr. WRIGHT. This is another of the gift
enterprises. [Laughter.]
The bill was read.
First amendment:
Page 5, section four, in lines six and seven, strike
out the words "the point where it may strike the
Missouri river," andinscrtin lieu thereof, " .Nebraska
City:'' so that it will road
npany       
Union-Paciiio railroad or any branch thereof, at a
point not lurthcrwcstthantheone hundredth merid-
ian of west longitude, the said company is hereby au-
thorized to ex tend its line fioni Nebraska, City to tome
point to be selected byitwithin the limitation above
prescribed, upon the same terms and conditions, and
with the like aid and privileges, that are gi anted to
the Burlington and Missouri River Raihoad Com-
pany by sections eighteen, nineteen, and twenty of
an act in relation to the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line to the Pacific ocean, approved
July 2,18ii4: Provided, That no lands in this section
granted shall bo taken from any grants or reserva-
tions heretofore made by the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Page 2, lino twenty-two, after the word " to" in-
sert "not fiuthei' than twenty miles fiom said ioatt
and not including alternate sections reserved;" so it
will read:
That, for the purpose of aiding the Iowa and Mis-
souri State Line Railroad Company (the same being
a corporation organized under the laws of the State
of Iowa) to construct and operate a railroad on or
near the State line of Iowa and Missouri, between
the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, or to connect
with the Des Moines Valley railroad ator near I'arm-
ington. in the State of Iowa, running thence to and
along the said State line, as near as practicable, to
pome point, on the east, bank of the Missouri river,
there is hereby granted to said railroad company
every alternate section ot land, designated by odd
numbers, to the extent of ten sections per mile on
each side of said road: but in case it shall appear
that the United States have, when the line of said
road is dehmtely located, sold any section, or any
part thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the right
of preemption or homestead settlement has attached
to the same, or that the same lias been reserved by
the United St.atC6 for any purpose whatcvei, then it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
causo to be selected for the purposes aforesaid, from
the public lands of the United States nearest to, and
not lurther than twenty miles from said road and not
including alternate sections reserved, the sections
above specified, so much land as shall be equal to
the amount to such lands as the United States have
sold, reserved, or otherwise appropriated, or to which
the right of homestead settlement, or preemption has
attached as aforesaid, which lands, thus indicated by
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, shall
be reserved and held for the use of said company by
the said Secretary for the purpose ot the construction
and operation of said railroad, as provided by this
act, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Add to the fourth section:
And the said company may also form a connection
with Brownsville, on the Missouri river, upon the
same tei ms. and with the aid herein before mentioned,
but the lands granted by this section shall not be
selected within eight miles ot the southern boundary
of the Ten itory of Nebraska; and no lands shall bo
selected under a grant heretofore made to aid in the
construction of the extension of the Burlington and
Missouri River l.lilroad v.! I, i n eight I hi Irs of baid
southern boundaiy ot' the Territory of Nebraska.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. This bill, Mr. Speaker, pro-
poses a grant of lands, if there are any nnoc-
cupicd, to a railroad on the southern line of
Iowa, running to the Missouri river. The
company has been organized and is building
the road.
They ash for the passage of this bill, not so
much for the lands they gel, because there are
but few lands there that are not taken, hut
because it will aid them some in the way of
credit. The parties who are more immedialely
interestcd in this in Missouri, Iowa. Nebraska,
and Kansas have no objection to the hiil as
reported by the committee, 1 believe. I think
i have seen all the gentlemen who represent
those States and Territories 1 have named, and
they are willing that the bill should pass as
reported. It passed tho commitloo after thor-
ough examination without a dissenting vote,
and I did not suppose I here would be any op-
position to it in the House, or I should not
have reported it at, this time.
Mr. SPALD1NCr. 1 desire to ask a question.
I desire to know how long this railroad may be?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It will be about
two hundred and fifty miles in length.
Mr. SPALDING. And it takes ten sections
of land on each side for each mile of the road.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. On paper it, looks
as if it would take ten sections on each side,
but I will state that, owing to the lands having
been sold and granted to other companies this
company cannot, by any possibility, receive
under this bill to exceed forty thousand acres. I
do not think they can lind over twenty thousand.
Mr. SPALDING. Is there not a provision
in it that enables the companies, where (lie
Government lands are already taken, to locate
the sections somewhere else?
Mr. W1 LSON, of Iowa. No, sir ; it confines
them to the strip of twenty miles.
Mr. SPALDING. Twenty miles each way.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 'Ijfeis road runs
through one of the most densely settled por-
tions of Iowa, where the lands have almost
entirely been sold, and it is only here and there
that a piece remains undisposed of.
And I will state further, that if any company
is entitled to receive aid from the Government
this is one, and for this reason : it is a com-
pany which is not under the control of persons
residing elsewhere. It is controlled by the
citizens of the State residing near the line of
the road. And the construction is being con-
ducted in this way: the farmers, mechanics,
and citizens generally have subscribed to it,
paying their subscriptions in work, in ties,
in materials, and portions in money. Tt is for
the purpose of aiding them in the completion
of it that, this grant is asked, and it is a very
small pittance considering the magnitude of
the work.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the chairman of
the committee hold the floor?
Mr. PRICE. I do.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the Speaker to
recognize me to make a motion, after he is
through with his remarks, to refer this bill_ to
the Committee on Public Lands, for I think
we ought to know something about the amount
of land that is to be taken by this bill.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the chairman of the
committee if this company is working under
an act of Congress.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield to my colleague
through whose district this road runs to reply.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In reply to the
gentleman's question I will state that this
company is not organized under any act of
Congress. We have in the State of Iowa no
special charters ; the companies are all organ-
ized under the general corporation law. 1 his
one is organized under (hat law. It is the only
company which has been organized for the
purpose of constructing a road through the
section ot the State through which this road is
to pass, and it is in accordance with the laws
of*lt>wa. It is a'corporation that is entirely
satisfactory to the people of that Stale, a cor*,
poration which is indorsed by all those who
arc interested directly in the construction of
this road and in the development of the coun-
try through which it will pass, and there can
be no objection to it on that, ground.
Mr. KAXKON. I would ask my colleague
to yield to me a moment of his time to oiler
an amendment.
Mr.PIUCE. I cannotyieldforanamendment.
Mr. KAXKON. 1 will state to my colleague
why 1 want this amendment, adopted more fully
than I have done. This proposed railroad runs
about one hundred and forty miles through my
district, and consequently mv constituents arc
deeply interested in it. Under these circum-
stances I ask him if it is not, proper for him to
yield to me.
ill-. PRICE. Certainly. I have no objec-
tions to the gentleman's offering his amend-
ment. 1 have three colleagues, all of whose
districts run down to the Missouri river, and
all of whom arc interested in this bill; but I
cannot yield for an amendment that will kill
the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I think that when my col-
league hears the amendment he will see that it
does not kill the bill, but that on the contrary
it will meet the approbation of the House.
My first amendment is to add the following
proviso:
A i\d provided further, That no lands shall be at any
time patented lo said company which arc situated
more than twenty miles westward of the terminus
ot the said lailroad at the time the patents aie issued.
I will state the reason why I ask my colleague
to accept this amendment. There is but a lim-
ited amount of land to be had. Without this
limitation, prohibiting the ant icipation of lands
situate al a distance, the effect, of the general
grant would be to exhaust all the lands, some
one hundred and fifty miles ahead of the road,
to aid in building the first twenty miles. If the
road should then slop in the first district, all
the lands hituate in my district would be applied
to build the road before it reaches my district
at all. I cannot consent to this, without giv-
ing away to others the means that should be
applied to aid the road in my district. This
amendment prevents drawing land more than
twenty miles west of the terminus tit the time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think there is no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot understand ex-
actly what is going on here. Let mo make an
inquiry. I desire to know what is the western
terminus of this road.
Mr. KASSON. It is proposed to begin at
or near Farmington, in Van Buren county,
Iowa, where it connects with the railroad to
Keokuk, connecting there with other roads lead-
ing to the Des Moines valley. My colleague
from the first district stated here the amount
of lands which should be granted, in which I
concur, that it would not probably be more than
fifty thousand acres. The people of that re-
gion of the country are very much interested
in this road and are doing all they can to pro-
mote the enterprise by calling meetings and
entering into subscriptions.
Mr. DELANO. Where do you expect to
obtain the lands if you do not find them within
ten miles of the road?
Mr. KASSON. My colleague who is upon
the committee can answer that question better
than I can.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. They are confined
to twenty miles of the road.
Mr. KASSON. That seems to me a very
reasonable limitation.
