1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sin, [Mr. Sloan.] I do not agree at all that
the proposition is an equitable one. It is cer-
tainly illegal. It is admitted on all hands to
be so. I deny its equitable character.
I have lived in the State of Illinois some
thirty years; I was a member of the public
body which accepted this munificent grant of
land to the people from the General Govern-
ment ; and 1 know, and I bear witness to the
fact, the terms of the contract were understood
on all hands to bo that in all future time
the Government was to have its troops and
property transported free over that road. The
grant was accepted, a grant of lands, as the
gentleman from Wisconsin says, more than
sufficient for the construction of the road. A
few per cent, on the nominal amount of the
stock was paid in. Now, it is true, sir, that
the proceeds of the lands will result in more
money to the stockholders of that company
than has been expended in the construction of
the road.
Why, sir, they say this railroad has been of
great advantage to Illinois. Yes, sir. But
who built it?
Mr. COOK. My colleague is greatly mis-
taken in the assumption that the lands will
pay for this road, or anything like it. If there
is any evidence, I should like to know it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I challenge
my friend to an investigation on that point;
and I should like to have the bill postponed, so
that the House may know fully all the facts in
the c£isc
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague to yield to me.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What was
the amount of lands this road received, how
much has the road cost, and how much per
acre have the lands been sold for ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Government
has lost nothing, for it has received twice the
usual price for the alternate sections.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I undertake to
say the company has received more 1'or the
lands than the road has cost.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not care for
that; the Government has received $2 50 per
acre, when otherwise it would have received
only $1 2-5. It has received as much for the
lands as if it had not given the company one
acre.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. T wish to make
only one or two remarks and then 1 will leave
the subject. T protest against this allowance
to ihis company. I believe it entirely inequi-
table. I would not give this gratuity,_ for it is
not for the benefit of the people of Illinois, or
any portion of them, to those who agreed to
construct this road in consideration of this grant
of lands and agreed to do this work, and who
come up now and ask to be paid for it a second
time.
The company was exempted from taxation
in consideration of a trifling amount to bo paid
to the State of Illinois from its earnings. While
the war has imposed increased burdens this
company has been free from any such increased
burdens of taxation. They have borne none of
our war debts.
The gentleman says the road would have been
given up except for the obligations set aside in
their favor by the Secretary War. It is not so.
The company has been immensely benefited
by the large freights and travel which have been
incident to the war, independent of the amount
of work they were required to perform under
their contract for the Government. _
It is true, as my colleague has said, that the
road was operated in the interest of our one;
mies. I have heard of hundreds of soldiers'
insulted and wronged upon this road. 1 do not
doubt but maimed and crippled soldiers have
more than once been put oil the ears.
The stockholders of the road do not live m
Illinois. They are mostly Englishmen, for-
eigners, capitalists from elsewhere.
A Member. And blockade runners.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. _ Yes, sir. No
portion of the people of Illinois would come
here and ask to be relieved from these obliga-
tions to the Government; and they do not ask
that this company shall be relieved. As one
of the Representatives of Illinois I do not ask
that the Central Illinois railroad shall be re-
lievedfromdoingtheworkwhieb.it has already
been paid to do.
Mr. COOK. When this charter was passed
there was this provision in it: that the lands
hereby granted to the said State of Illinois
shall be subject to the disposition of the Legis-
lature thereof for the purpose authorized and
none other, that is, for the purpose of building
a railroad, and that said railroad and branches
shall be, and forever remain, apublie highway
for the use of the Government of the United
States free from toll or other charge for the
transportation of troops and other property of
the United Slates.
The provision is that the road shall remain
a public highway, free of tolls or other charges
to the Government. This provision had been
construed in other grants for canals and high-
ways to mean that the Government should have
the right to transport on those canals and high-
ways whatever it had to carry. That question,
to say the least of it, when this war commenced,
was an open one. one about which there was a
difference of opinion. The question was sub-
mitted to the then President and his Cabinet.
It received a careful consideration from both,
and by way of settlement of the question, about
which ever)'' one will consider that there might
reasonably be a difference of opinion, a prop-
osition was made to pay a certain proportion
to that road and to deduct a certain proportion.
The proposition came from the Government first
to the railroad, being made by the Secretary of
War in the following letter addressed to the
president of the road:
War Bepautmkxt, Augnit 15,1861.
Sill: Upon consultation with the Quartermaster
Gencial, it has been decided by tins Department that
the clause in your charter, section four, gives a clear
right to the Government ol the United States to tlio
use of your roadway, without eouipensation, for the
transportation of its troops and its property.
Asa proper compensation for motive power, cars,
and all other facilities incident to transportation, two
cents pei mile will be allowed tor passenger travel,
subject to a discount of tlnrty-three and a thud per
cent, as due to Government for charter privileges.
Payment for transportation of freights, stores, muni-
tions of war, and other public, property, will be made
at such leasonable rates as may be allowed to other
railroad companies, subject, however, to the abate-
ment of thirtv-three and a third per cent, as betoro
specified Tho foregoing basis has been arranged
with the distinct understanding that transportation
shall be furnished by your company at such times .and
in such manner as the Government ol the United
States may require, and that preference shall begiven
to Government transportation, in accordance with the
requisitions of this Department and of its officers.
If this prono.-ition is acecplablc to your company,
notice, in writing, to that effect, will be expocted
within ten days lroni Una date.
Very respectfully, you,- ob^mt™t.
Secretary oj
W. II. O.sbokn, Esq.,
President J111not9 Central hailroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Cam-
eron was Secretary of V\ ar at that time.
Mr. COOK Yes,sir. On the 17th of August,
1801, the president of tho railroad made this
^ ]\rr:w york, i-s01.
Sill: I have the honor to acknowledge your com-
munication ol the loth, containing the determination
of the Government in relation to the use ot the rail-
road of this company. Under present circumstances
an important part ot'our line is imperiled. An active
reoperation "with the Government is independable,
and L bee? to notify you that the proposition ot the
Government is accepted.
The company will endeavor to forward the troops
and propevtv with tho utmos^ promptitude, preier-
enee always beimc (riven as indicated.
I am, ar, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
\V. II. OS130RX, JJrcai<icnt.
To Hon. Srsiox Camkiion, Secretary of liar.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would like to ask
a question. The gentleman stated that the first
letter was written by the Secretary of V, ar to
the president of the Illinois Central Railroad
Company ; I wish him to state what caused
that letter to be written; whether it was not
because the company had said that they would
refuse to operate the road unle_ss they were
allowed compensation for the services rendered.
Mr. COOK. ^ have no knowledge at all in
regard to that. These documents of which I
have procured copies.are those upou which.1
rely.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My understanding
is that the company took that position- And
I know very well that that was the position,
occupied by the company in relation to that
question when it was pending in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, for I had it from one of tho
highest officers of that road—that the com-
pany would not operate it. unless the Govern-
ment would pay the compensation, And fur-
ther, the Secretary of War himself told me that
he must pay this compensation, otherwise be
could not have transportation over th.e road,-
and the military operations of the country
would be impeded. Therefore he.favqred -the
omission from the appropriation bill .of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress of the provision w"hich
was passed by the House and finally w^s left
out in tho conference between the two Houses.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to ask my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] whether the terms
submitted in the letters i o which he has referred
were any lower, or were precisely the same as
were agreed upon with other railroad companies
which were under no obligation whatever to
the General Government.
Mr. COOK. I w'ill state in answer to the
gentleman that they are thirty-three and a third
per cent, lower than with any road not having
lands granted.
Mr. b'ARNS WORTH. It is tliirty-three smd
a third per cent. loss. _ .
Mr. COOK. I want to present that point.
I want to state to the committee that this road
did not receive the same compensation which
was paid to other roads that had not been the
recipient of land grants. They were placed, I
believe, upon an equality with other roads that
had received land grants.
1 call the attention of the committee to the
fact that this particular road has been singled
out as the object of attslck. No other road that
has received a land grant has been thus as-
sailed. .
Mr. ROGERS. There is another road in
tho same position, the Camden and Amboy
railroad.
Mr. COOK. I was not aware that that was
a land-grant road.
Mr.' ROGERS. Still it lias been singled out
for attack.
Mr. COOK. I am speaking now of the
land-grant roads, and I say that although a
groat many roads did receive land grants yet
this proviso is limited in its terms to this
particular road, and that, too, when papers
constituting a contract passed between the
Government and the road at the time the war
commenced.
It is said by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] that the railroad refused to trans-
port, the Government, troops and munitions of
war. It may well be that this railroad could
not have furnished the amount of transpor-
tation necessary for the Government without
compensation. I do not think it could. 1 do
not think it was in its power to uo so. It is
contended here that if ought not only to have
given up its road, and its entire rolling stock,
but to have furnished means to transport the
immense amount of freight which was^ offered
by flic Government. I do not think it could
have done it. I do not think it had the pecu-
niary ability to meet that demand, it is a tact,
which I imagine is well known, that the amount
of freight which was offered by the Govern-
ment to this road compelled it to exclude
almost all other business for a long period of
time. The company might have surrendered
its rolling stock and its entire road to the Gov-
ernment, but I apprehend that there is noth-
ing more which the Government could have
required it to do. If it had turned ()vei its
locomotives and cars and its road to the Gov-
ernment without charge, the Government could
have required nothing more. But, at all events,
here was a disputed claim, a proposition about
which there might be two opinions, and, foe
