1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pass without the seri-
Senate. I ask for the
the amendment will not
ous consideration of the
yeas and nays upon it. -
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Sr. President, I agree with
the last remark of the Senator from Illinois.
I hope that this measure will not pass without
the serious consideration of the Senate; but I
do'also hope that it will pass with the serious
consideration of the Senate, because it is a
matter to which I suppose the Senate will give
its .consideration, ana will act upon its serious
consideration.
For the last four years the levees on the
Mississippi river have been, one way and an-
other, chiefly by neglect and by flood and by
the operation of the war, broken down to a
very great extent. Early in December last,
considering the extent to which these levees
had been broken down, the Secretary of War
ordered General Humphreys to make a survey
of the river, to the intent that he might do
something toward buiidingupthe levees. Gen-
eral Humphreys went to make that survey, but
when he got through the army had been re-
moved to a great extent, through which the
Secretary of War had intended to make some
repairs; but he made a report to Congress,
which has been brought here this session, stat-
ing that it would cost to build up those levees
and put them in ordinary repair about four
million dollars. Any one, I think, will see,
when I state that sum, that it must be beyond
the reach of those people within any ordinary
period to reconstruct and repair the levees.
They may do it in time; they may do a part
this year, and a part next year, and a part the
year after, and by and by bring them to a state
of repair which shall enable them to cultivate
their land. But in the mean time that people
is suffering; the plantations are lying waste,
and the national Government is absolutely los-
ing more in the waste and destruction of prop-
erty and in the want of general prosperity than
it would cost to make the appropriation.
.Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator if
that argument applies to the raising of corn in
my State. I ask the Senator from New Hamp-
shire if ho does not think that if $1,500,000
were laid out in making fences in the prairie
country we should raise enough more corn to
benefit the country in the same way that he
proposes here.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps it might be so ; aud
I would say to the Senator from Illinois that
if his people were in the condition of the south-
ern people, if they had been impoverished by
a calamity or by their own wrong, as these
people have been impoverished, so that they
could not rise from the calamity that was upon
them, I would, if I could find authority for it,
make an appropriation that should enable his
people to recover their prosperity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The people who own
these plantations are better off to-day than the
mass of the people in my State.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know how that may
be, but such is not my information. I know
that people who were rich before the war and
before the flood swept through their country
are now impoverished; they are this present
summer unable to cultivate their land because
it is continually overflowed. When the memo-
rials on this subject were referred to the select
committee from whom this amendment comes,
and they came to the consideration of what
had best be done, I asked General Humphreys
and I asked also General Canby to come to me
and give me some information in regard to it.
They both came. They both came, and they
both assured me that in their judgment it was
entirely beyond the power of the people living
in that country to recover themselves for years ;
that unless something was done by the General
Government they must suffer. I saw at once
that the national Government would not be
willing to do what would be required to put
these levees at once in repair and reconstruct
them; that is to say, I did not_ believe the
national Government would be willing to ex-
pend four or live million dollars at once ; but
it did seem to me—and I think the same was
the view of the committee—that we might
appropriate something which should make a
beginning; that w.e might hold out the hand of
encouragement to that people down there, and
say to them, "We will not see you swept away
by flood and by the operations of war, and not
be willing to show to you that the Government
will cherish the whole country as a part of its
own.'' I thought, and the committee thought,
we might expend about a million and a half
of money. I asked General Humphreys if
with a million and a half of money we could
construct permanent levees, so that they would
be of use to the country.
It was said by gentlemen from that region
that $1,500,000 would hardly do; you must
make these repairs to that extent that they will
not be swept away by the flood when it comes
on in the recurring season; yon might keep
the water out, and to do it you must do it at
once. When I called General Humph revs to me
he assured me that he could, with $1,500,000,
do a vast deal of good. I ashed him to state
to me in what way he would do it, and he sent
to me afterward a report, which I will road in
part to the Senate:
Washington, June 26,1866.
Dear Sir : At your request I submit the following
memorandum concerning the repair of the levees of
the States of Mississippi and Louisiana. The Ar-
kansas levees, just above the Louisiana boundary
line, form part of the protection of tho Tensas bot-
tom, and must be ropaired if that bottom is to be
protected.
Having 81,500,000 to expend I should recommend
for the State of Mississippi the repair:
1. In Tunica county, of tho six brna.ks named in
my report to.th e Secretary of AVar, 460,000 cubic yards,
at 35 cents, $161,000.
It will be seen, Mr. President, that this report
of General Humphreys is based upon actual
estimate for the different levees from place to
place. It is not any general estimate to get a
large sum out of the Government.
1. In Tunica county, of the tlx breaks named in my
report to the Secretary of War, 460,000 cubic yard?,
at 35 cents.* $161,000
2. In Coahomy county, the Yazoo Pass
breaks, 130,000 cubic yards, at 00 cents  78,000
The seven otbevbroaks in this county, named
in my report, 140,000 cubic yards, at 40
cents  56,000
And the break in tho Lewis Swamp levee,
400,000 cubic yards, at 40 cents  160,000
3. In Bolivar county tho Prentiss break, by
tho Swan Lake route, 125,000 cubic yards, at
40 cents -  50,000
Tho Boliver Bend breaks (greatly enlarged
during the present high water and since my
report to the Secretary of War was made)
100,000 cubic yards at 40 cents  40,000
The Eastern break, 70,000 cubic yards, at 40
cents    28,000
4. In Washington county the Miller's Bend
break, (as this break was only partially
closed before tho present high water, it has
returned to its originnldimensions,) 100,000
cubic yards, at 40 cents   40,000
5. In Issaquena county the Christmas break,
100,000 cubic yards, at 40 uunts   40,000
Total for the State of Mississippi $653,000
The effective repair of these breaks will protect
temporarily some three hundred thousand acres cul-
tivated cotton lands, producing a bale to the acre.
Senators will see that if we appropriate this
money the crop in one year, with the tax we
have laid upon it, would repay it all. Then he
goes on to estimate the breaks in other places:
For the Tensas bottom 
I will not detain the Senate to run through
these various levees, because they will perhaps
not be more intelligible than the mere name
that would be given with the estimate. It was
the opinion of General Humphreys that some-
thing should be done in order to enable this
country to recover itself, and that with a mil-
lion and a half of money we might be able to
do much good in that regard.
I also received a letter from General Canby,
who most of the Senators know as a very pru-
dent and a very cautious man. It is dated
June 30, 18GG :
Washington*, D. C., June 30,1866.
Sm: I have the honor, in reply to your verbal in-
quiries of the 27th instant, to state:
1. That an .efficient sy&tem of levees on4 the lower
Mississippi is essential to prevent a considerable part
of the State of Mississippi and a very large part of
the State of Louisiana from becoming an absolute
waste.
He says this expenditure on the reconstruc-
tion ■ and repair of these levees is absolutely
necessary to prevent this country from become
ittg an absolute waste.
In both of these States tho lands subject to over-
flow are in the most productive sugar and cotton dis-
tricts.
2. That the work can bo most efficiently an d '  &> -
nomically done by the General Government- and
should be placed, until completed, beyond tire con-
trol of tho State or other local authorities or indi-
vidual interference. The costof restoration,orrather
of reconstruction, can only be estimated after a care-
ful survey of the line on both banks of the river and
on a part of the course of some of its tributaries and
affluents. It will certainly exceed $3,000,000 and will
probably reach §5,000,000.
I ask the attention of Senators to this state-
ment that I am now about to read of General
Canby, because he has been down in that coun-
try, lie has given the subject his attention, and
is a man of good judgment:
3. Neither of the States of Mississippi or Louisiana
are at present, or will be for several years, in a finan- %
cial condition that will enable them to undertake and
carry out this work without the aid of tho General
Government.
4. If the work of reconstruction cannot be under-
taken by the Government, the repair of the mostirn^
portant parts—having reference to the amount of
work to be done and the extent and productiveness
of the country to be protectod—will be of immense
value to the States interested by wardingoff the dan-
ger of inundation until they are in a condition to
undertake the work for themselves.
5. An estimate of the sum required, if the work is
limitodto such repairs as are of immediate aud press-
ing necessity, must be in great measure conjectural.
In thespringof 1865 it was estimated that the repairs
of the Mississippi levees within thelimits of the State
of Louisiana could have been made for the sum of
$200,000. This estimate was based upon tho reports
of the parish provost marshals, of the engineers em-
ployed by the UnitedStates and by the State, and in-
eluded in its elements the employment ot troops, the
impressment of labor from tho plantations to be ben-
efited, and the use ot tho material that had been ac-
cumulated in the Army depots. At a later period a
new estitnato was made embracing the levees m the
State of Mississippi, excluding the use of the im-
pressed labor or Army material, but including, to a
reduced extent, tho employnent of troops. Thesum
required as then estimated was $800,000. This estimate
was based in part upon thesamc data as the first, but
mainly upon tho estimates of Major General Hum-
phreys. In the estimates tobemadonow, contract
service or hired labor must be wholly relied on, and
an allowance must bemade for the damage done tho
levoes bybreaks or washing during the recent floods.
These two elements will, in my opinion, increase the
amount of tho above estimate at least fifty per cent.,
making $1,200,000 as the sum required for such re-
pairs to the levees as aro immediately necessary to
prevent inundations.
Very respectfully, sir, your obwUent servant,
ED. R. S. CANBY,
Major General Volunteers.
Hon. Daniel Clark, „
United States Senator, Waehington, 1). 6.
After the first letter of General Humphreys
I received another from liim, in which he says
he liud learned that the levees in some places
had been very much washed and the cuts very
much deepened since he made his former re-
port, and that he hardly thought §1,500,000,
or what the committee have reported, would
be sufficient; but the committee did not see fit
to increase their recommendation of the amount
to be appropriated by the General Government,
and they still adhere to $1,500,000.
Now, Mr. President, if we suppose that Gen-
eral Humphreys is correct, and that the build-
ing of these levees at the Yazoo pass would
protect three hundred thousand acres of land
which would yield a bale of cotton to the acre,
allowing a bale to weigh about four hundred
pounds, the tax that would be laid upon that
cotton in one year would be double the amount
you propose to appropriate. About the same
amount of land would be protected by the
building and reconstruction of the levees in
the State of Louisiana, or about three hundred
thousand acres, and that would give you as -
much more. And it is stated further, that if
there could be a thorough construction of
levees up and down the banks of the Missis-
sippi, about seven million more acres of land
would be brought under cultivation in time
which would give you a bale to the acre, add-
ing to your present crop of cotton about seven
million bales, or an amount larger than we
have ever had at any time.
If, then, you look at this matter m an eco-
nomical point of view, if you look to see what
is to be paid out from the Treasury and then look
