1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
tlmpurpo.se of settling the controversy, the Gov-
ernment said to the company, "If you will go
on and do this transportation we will pay you
a certain sum less than we pay other roads
except those roads that are in your precise
position." The company accepted that offer.
Now, I affirm that, as between man and man
in a disputed claim, where one party alleged a
claim and the other disputed it, a settlement
like this ought to be binding.
But there is something more than this. At
the time tli'e grant was made to this road it was
never supposed, in the mind of any man, that
the Government would ever call upon this road
for transportation amounting to anything like
the sum here specified, an amount which taxed
all the energies of the road, with all its rolling
stock and motive power for many months in
every year for four long years. Nothing of that
sort was ever anticipated. It is inequitable as
well as unjust for us to claim now, after this
money has been paid to the company under an
agreement sanctioned by the highest author-
ities of of the Government, that the company
shall pay it back.
I want to say one word now, in reply to my
colleague, [Mr. Hariung,] who seems to bo
laboring with strange zeal, according to my
idea, to take out of the treasury of the State of
Illinois money that is there : because the State
of Illinois is also a party to this proceeding,
lie says that the road is comparatively un-
taxed. Why, sir, this road bears a taxation of
seven per cent, on its gross earnings. The
privilege of exemption from taxation was ac-
corded to this road only upon the condition
that it should pay seven per cent, on its gross
earnings, and it is the most heavily taxed road
in the State af Illinois, or in any other State.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I am not act-
ing under the influence of that bribe ; it makes
no difference to me what, it would cost to the
Stale of Illinois. If the State of Illinois got a
share of this plunder out of the Government
when it was in a si rait,, 1 have no interest in
that plunder.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman insisted that
tin; road was not taxed. Lie tried to convey
the idea to the commit I,ce that it was exempt
from taxation, except to a very trifling amount,
when the truth is that, seven per cent, of its
gross earnings have been reserved and paid into
the coders ot the State. And so far from there
being a slight, taxation, it is the heaviest taxa-
tion imposed upon any road.
Mr. TRIM litjI'j. How much has been paid
by the Co\ eminent, heretofore to this railroad
company for transportation?
_ Mr. COOK. I have stated that a great many
times.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I mean the aggregate
amount.
Mr. COOK. That, 1 cannot, tell.
Mr. WASIIBURNK, of Illinois. I will
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. TitiMPit.e.] By a report from the
Secretary of \\ ar, which the gentleman will
find among the documents here, it appears that
up to the last Congress there had been paid
the enormous sum of S-3,i'i'i'J,000. That was a
portion of the amount claimed, and was paid
by the Secretary of War under protest.
Mr COOK. Allow me to state now that, in
pursuance of this contract—for it is a contract,
no just and fair man can construe it in any other
light than a contract settling and disposing of
a disputed right—whatever the United States
have paid the Illinois Central railroad has
been fully earned. If it has been a large .amount
it is because a large amount, of service has been
rendered by thai road to the exclusion of all
other trade. It has been paid in pursuance of
this contract. It has been paid with the sanc-
tion of the highest officers of the Government.
Mr. TRIMBLE. How much is yet unpaid?
Mr. COOK. I do not know that there is
anything back or anything now demanded.
But I insist that it is inequitable, unjust, and
unfair tor us to institute a suit for money which
has been paid upon a contract solemnly ratified
by the authorities which had the right to make
the contract; which had the right to settle this
disputed claim; which had the right to say to
this railroad company, "''We will pay you so
much for this transportation if you will make
it;" when it was the right of the company, if
this proposition had not been made, to say to
the Government, "We will turn over to you
the rolling stock and motive power of the road,
and you can operate it for yourself."
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman yield
the floor to me for a few minutes?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. 1 would like to under-
stand the principle upon which gentlemen pro-
pose to vote away the public money in this way.
To my mind some very startling propositions
have been made here. 1 will concede that if
parties bargain together with the full knowledge
of the fact, although the law may not warrant
their bargain, may not require it, then the
party is bound by what he agrees to.' But does
that apply to an official agent of the Govern-
ment?
I understand gentlemen here to say that this
railroad company was bound to perform this
service by law, by contract; that with this con-
tract existing the Secretary of War made an-
other contract, by which the road was to receive
payment from the Government for this same
service. Is there any lawyer in this House who
will say that the Government is bound by that;
or that after the money has been paid over the
Government, shall not have the right to go into
court and litigate with the other party, and
have the question determined whether that
money was lawfullyor unlawfully paid? 1 think
it is a very startling proposition to say that that
shall not be done.
And furthermore, is it to be tolerated here
that an ollicer of the Government shall make
a bargain that is unlawful in itself, in contra-
vention of law, or in the absence of law, when
the Government is under no legal obligation to
pay the money; that an ollicer of the Govern-
ment shall make a bargain to pay money out
of our Tieastiry, and then when we are asked to
make an appropriation for it we are to be told
that, is equitable and should bo paid : that equity
overrides law? I would like to know where it
is laid down in any book that equity ever author-
izes Congress or the Government or any officer
of the Government to override contracts. If
the money in our Treasury is to be paid out in
violation of law, or in absence of law, how long
will we be able to keep it, replenished by tax-
ing the people, and have I hem contented, and
we be permitted to retain our places here? If
a railroad company is to be permitted to come
into this House and plead equity in its favor I
would like to know upon what,ground we could
justify this when we deny compensation to citi-
zens whom the Government, has deprived of
their properly during the war, simply because
we have not the money to pay them,
Mr. MORK1S. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hotciikiss] one ques-
tion.
During thcThhty-Eighth Congress Iliad oc-
casion to look into this matter to some extent.
It. seems now to be conceded that there was a
contract between the United States and this
corporation; that the Government should yield
up certain lands to the corporation in consid-
eration of the performance of certain service.
It, is now proposed, as a matter of equity, to
grant this company compensation for such ser-
vice. I desire to inquire of the gentleman, as
a lawyer, whether it is not a well-settled legal
principle that the person seeking equity must
first do equity; and whet her that principle would
not require that the Illinois Central Railroad
Company should restore the money it has re-
ceived without warrant of law before it asks
equitable consideration at, our hands.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. _ Why, Mr. Chairman,
I cannot, conceive of a single equitable principle
which can be urged on behalf of this company
in this case. The payments which have been
made to this company have been, I hold, in
wanton violation of law.
It has been said that a former Secretary of
War made the contract under which this money
was paid. If so he ought to be made a party
to the suit. If he made the bargain ignorantly,
he ought to pay for this ignorance of the law.
No matter who made the bargain, or who signed
the contract, if the law did not warrant the
transaction this company has no right to come
in here and claim advantage of it.
Mr. COOK. I decline to yield further. I
have only two or three minutes of my time
remaining.
Mr. Chairman, it is insisted here that the
law is perfectly clear, and that this is not the
compromise of a disputed right. If, sir, there
is no doubt about the law, it is because the law
is clear that this company only agreed, as other
companies had agreed, to give the United States
a right of way across its road. The law says
that the railroad and its branches " shall be
and remain a public highway for the use of the
Government of the United States." The com-
pany is not bound by the terms of the law to
furnish the rolling stock, the motive power,
and the men, to transport the freight of the
Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Read the remain-
der.
Mr. COOK. I will read the remainder; but
I submit to my friend from Iowa as a lawyer
that the clause I have just read is the govern-
ing clause:
" Shall bo anil remain a public highway for the uso
of the Government of the United States, free from,
toll or other charge upon the transportation of prop-
erty."
What shall be free? The highway shall be
free. That is the just construction of the act—
that the public highway shall be free from toll
or other charge.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
has time, I would like to ask him one question.
Mr. COOK. I will hear it. -
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If this railroad
should be sold under a mortgage, would not
the rolling stock and everything else necessary
to operate the road pass by the sale?
Mr. COOK. Certainly; but the engineers
and the firemen would not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Of course not.
But the gentleman contends, as I understand,
that the Government has only the right of trans-
portation over the road, the Government, fur-
nishing its own rolling stock. I apprehend
that whatever is necessary to operate the road
must be included in the right of transportation.
Mr. COOK. I agree to that; but you can-
not call upon the corporation to run the road
under such circumstances.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then, by the gen-
tleman's own admission, the Go\ eminent has
something more than the mere right of way over
the road.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say a few words
on this subject; and 1 shall thou move that the
committee rise, in order to close debate.
This question has been so often discussed
here that I am almost sick of it. It. seems to
me that, if there is any proposition in the law
free from all doubt, it is that when the United
States granted to this company three million
acres ot la,nd, the best, land in the western coun-
try, it was upon the condition that on all occa-
sions the Government should have the right, to
transport upon that road whatever it wished
"free from toll or other charges." What does
" other charges" mean, ifthe'Governmentwas
to work the road ?
Why, sir, there never was any authority given
to any body to start the road and work it ex-
cept this company. It seems to me about one
of the most absurd conditions to expect to be
made by the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose the Government
makes a grant of lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a canal on precisely the same terms as
are used in the grant of lands to aid in the con-
struction of this railroad, would the gentle-
man hold that the company was to supply the
Government with boats for its use to transport
troops and munitions of war?
