2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional section :
And be il farther cnacted. That the lands hereby
granted shall bo opened to preemption, settlement,
and purchase under the laws of the United States
until certified to and actually sold to a bona fid? set-
tler by the company building the railroad herein
provided for as fully as if this grant was not made:
Provided, Thai the price of such purchase shall be
$2 oO iter acre, and such purchase money shall be
specially accounted for to the Treasury of the U0ted
States, and shall be paid to tho railroad company
•whenever it would become entitled to such lands if
unsold.
Mr. PRICE. I accept that amendment.
Mr. KASSON. The reason for that amend-
ment is that it is necessary in order that set-
tlement of these western lands shall not be
retarded by any great land monopoly.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] allow mc to make a state-
ment in regard to this bill V
Mr. PRICE. For how long?
Mr. JULIAN. Two or three minutes will
be enough.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield for three minutes.
Mr. JULJAN. There is a novelty in this
bill which 1 with the House to understand.
Up to this lime the policy of the Government
lias been uniform, with, I believe, tho single
exception of Ihe grants to tho Pacific railroad,
where the nationality of the measure made il
impossible to make tho grant to a State. The
uniform policy has been in favor of grants to
the State in trust for a particular company to
do the work. Now, I object to the innovation
which this bill seeks to make in our policy as
unsafe, as making us embark in a line of
policy at variance with the whole legislation
of the past, a line of policy upon which we
belter not enter.
Now, I hope that this bill, which ought to
have gone in the lir.it place to tho Committee
on Public Lands, may now be referred to that
committee, so that it may bo examined, the
extent of the grunt ascertained, and the pro-
priety of departing from the old policy of the
Government fully considered.
1 know that there were two or three eases in
the last Congress in which grants were made
directly to companies, but they were compa-
nies which the State Legislatures had pre-
viously designated as the fit instruments for
executing the trust..
Mr. PRICK. L will yield to my colleague
[Mr. Wilson" | now.
Mr. FAIINSWORTII. I rise to iv point of'
order, though it may be too late for me to raise
it now. 1 would like to inquire of the Speaker
how this hill came before the Pacific Railroad
Committee at all.
Mr. PRICK. Itwas referred to the commit-
tee by (lie House.
Mr. KAIiNSWORTII. 1 wish, then, to make
this point of order: that is, that the Pacific
linilioad Committee have no right under the
rules of the House to report a grant of land for
any road not a part of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICK. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Karn'rwoutii] is slightly mistaken in tlmt.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, in the
first place, that the point of order is raised too
late. In the second place, the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad is authorized expressly by
the rule to consider any matter relating to any
land-grant railroad between tho Mississippi val-
ley and the Pacific coast that may be referred
to them.
Mr. h ARNS^' 0RT1I. That means,of course,
any railroad extending from tho Mississippi val-
ley to the Pacific coast.
The SPEAKER. The rule says nothing
about the termini of the railroad; only that it
must be located between the Mississippi valley
and the Pacific coast.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian'] is slightly
mistaken in relation to the legislation to which
he has referied. The grant of land made by
Congress in 18.30 to the State of Iowa for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of these
several lines of railroad from the Mississippi
river to the Missouri river was not made to the
State in trust for such companies as it might
name; but the companies were named in the
act of Congress making tho grant.
Now, we had a great deal of difficulty in Iowa
growing out of that grant, and I believe the
people of the State will be better satisfied to
have the grant made directly to the company
than to have it thrown into the State Legisla-
ture. And more than that, in 1863 Congress
made an additional grant of land to the three
companies embraced in the act of 1856, and
that grant in the legislation of 1863 was made
directly to the company, and this bill is follow-
ing the precedent then established. _
Mr. J (JLIAN. Had not the Legislature of
tho State previously designated the companies
named in the act of 1863?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Those companies
were designated under the act of 1856.
Mr. J ULlAN. Which was a grant to the State.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That was a grant
to the State ; but Congress afterward granted
the lands directly to the company.
Now, I will stnte to the gentleman, also, that
under the legislation of the State of Iowa and
the articles of incorporation adopted by this
company the company is as much designated by
the State of Iowa for tho construction of this road
as the other companies were for the construction
of the other road. Under the general incorpor-
ation law of the Slate, this company organized
for that purpose; and it therefore has an au-
thorization under tho laws of the State of Iowa
for the construction of that road. There are
no other competing lines ; no other companies
have been organized; no one proposes to build
a road there except this single company.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether, under the grant contained
in this bill, the Legislature of Iowa will have
any control over the selection of the company
to do the work.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir; of course
not; because under the laws of tho State of
Iowa that company is now authorized to pro-
ceed with the work, and unless it shall abuse
its Ira. chises and powers it has the right to
go on and construct the road. It can only be
deprived of its powers by a judicial proceeding
in which the company shall be found to have
abused its powers.
Mr. J ULlAN. Suppose the company should
fail to do the work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. 1 now yield the floor for three
minutes to my colleague. [Mr. Gkinxeli,.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I.should
like to have read tho act of incorporation of
this company. 1 would like to kno,w to whom
we are giving these lands.
Mr. GRIN'NELL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania after I get through.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the amendment which has been offered
unless the point of order be waived as to its
involving an appropriation. Tho amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Iowa contem-
plates an appropriation, and would make the
bill.an appropriation bill. That amendment,
therefore, is not in order for consideration in
the llouie unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. liKNJAMIN. If unanimous consent is
required, I object.
Mr. WASliBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Iowa provides that the
Government of the United States may sell these
lands, put the money into the Treasury of the
United States, and pay that money out of the
Treasury to this company. Such an amend-
ment would make this an appropriation bill,
and therefore it could not be considered in the
House except by unanimous consent.
Mr. KASSON. I would like to call the at-
tention of the Chair to the fact that the amend-
ment does not propose an appropriation of
money in the Treasury. It is a simple propo-
sition for the substitution of the money for the
land when the land shall be sold.
The SPEAKER. It has been ruled uni-
formly that any bill which by its own force
will have the effect to take-money out of the
Treasury is an appropriation bill, even if the
money is to be paid in and paid out afterward.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin'] not to insist on his
objection.
The SPEAKER. Ifthere isno objection
the amendment will be entertained.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to yield to nie for a moment.
Mr. PRICE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am opposed to this bill
in its present shape. As has been stated, it is a
grant t o a railroad company in the State of Iowa.
This road passes near the line of the State of
Missouri. I suppose there is not much land
in the State of Missouri that will go to this
company under this grant; but I apprehend
there is some; how much 1 am not able to say.
It does not matter, however, whether it is more
or less. Here is a railroad company chartered
by the State of Iowa. It becomes the owner
of land in the State of Missouri to hold for all
time to come so far as the State of Missouri is
concerned. The State of Missouri will have
no control over this company. It cannot by
its legislation control a company that, is char-
tered and controlled by the Legislature of the
State of Iowa. This of itself should be suffi-
cient to defeat the bill.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania'
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know to whom we are giving those lands.
I find this bill is for the purpose of aiding the
Iowa and Missouri State Line Railroad Com-
pany (the same being a corporation organized
under the laws of the State of Iowa) to con-
struct and operate a railroad. I should like
to have that act of incorporation read, so that
we may know who are these parties and what
are the powers they possess. It may be that
we are giving lands to this company not located
within the boundaries of Iowa, and putting
those lands under the control of Iowa, which
would be a wrong thing for this Congress to
do. I want to know how much land is pro-
posed tobegranted. Itoccursto me we should
know that. 1 hope that the motion of.my
friend from Ohio, LMr. Spalding,] to refer this
bill to the Committee on Public Lands will be
adopted, so that we may vote understandingly.
As it is now we are all groping in the dark.
Mr. PRICE. I will answer the gentleman's
questions, and I ask his attention and that of
others who may have the same objections. This
company is organized under the general laws
of the State of Iowa, and not under special
charter, for the purpose of constructing a rail-
road along the southern tier of counties of that
State to the Missouri river. This is to aid in
the construction of that road without regard to
the organization of a company whatever. That
is all there is of it-
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Does not
this proposition donate land not situated in the
State of Iowa to this corporation?
Mr. PRICE. Not that I know of.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Unques-
tionably it does.
Mr. PRICE. That point has been guarded
by the amendments which have been adopted
by the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If says
it shall go forty miles.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman had listened
to the amendments he would have known that
has been guarded.
Mr. KASSON. I move my amendment in a
modified form, so as to bring"it. within the rule.
Mr. MORRILL. I know when land grants
have been made to certain States, and it was
found they were not enough, they have come
back and asked us to make up the deficiency
in other quarters. I desire to know what
guarantee we have this company will not come
here and ask for other land.
Mr. PRICE. I do not think we have a
guarantee that these men "will not do a great
