1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in regard to the apportionment of Representa-
tives ;. which, was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
public lands
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill for
the disposal of the public lands for homestead
actual settlement in the States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida;
which "was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 18G6,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
freemen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmenand Refugees;" which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the select committee on freedmen, and ordered
to be printed.
naturalization laws.
Mr. RA YMOND introduced a bill to amend
the several acts of Congress relating to natural-
ization, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
post office at new york.
Mr. RAYMOND also introduced a bill pro-
viding for the appointment of commissioners to
purchase a site and erect a building for a post
office in the city of New York; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
action of courts-martial.
Mr. TAYLOR introduced a bill to prevent
courts-martial, military and naval, from de-
priving non-commissioned officers, privates,
petty officers, musicians, seamen, and marines,
having families, of their pay, by way of pun-
ishment; which was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
railway communication tfltii washington.
Mr. STEVKXS introduced a bill to author-
ize the building of a military and postal rail-
road from Washington, District of Columbia.,
tothecily ol New York; which was read a first
and second Amc.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to a select committee of seven, and be
printed.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the question of reference
debatable?
The SPEAKER. R is not. During the morn-
ing hour on Monday bills have to be referred
to committees without debate, and.cannot be
brought hack by motions to reconsider.
Mr. BROOKS. A bill tike this should take
the ordinary course and be wferredtothePost
Office Committee.
Mr. STEVENS. As the question is not de-
batable I have said nothing. 1 will do so when
we come to a debatable point.
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to.
steamboat navigation.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill to ascertain
the practicability of having steamboat naviga-
tion from the Chesapeake bay at the mouth of
the Susquehanna river to Lake Ontario in the
State of New York; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
laboratory and mining association.
Mr. MOORIIEAD introduced a bill to in-
corporate the National Laboratory and Mining
Association; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
claims for property destroyed.
Mr. F, THOMAS introduced a bill to provide
for ascertaining and adjusting claims against
the Government for injury or destruction of
property by the Army of the United Stales or
by military authority during the late rebellion ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
envelope, paper, and stamp company.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to incorpo-
rate the National Union Envelope, Paper, and
Stamp Company of Washington; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
railway communication with wasiiincton.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced abill to provide
for the construction of a line of railway com-
munication between the cities of Washington
and New York, and to constitute the same a
public highway and a military road and postal
road of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the select
committee on that subject.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
c. .t. field and c. f. clay.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill for the relief of C. J. Field and C. F. Clay;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
commissions for collections of revenue.
Mr. HILL introduced a bill to provide for
the payment of commissions of collectors of
internal revenue on distilled spirits, &c., when
transported to bonded warehouses ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
mart1ia stevens.
Mr. FARQUIIAR introduced a bill for the
relief of Martha Stevens, widow of the late .1 ohn
S. Stevens, of Greensburg. Indiana; which was
read a first aud second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
legal representatives of n. b. .tones.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of N. B. Jones, late
collcetor of customs for the district of Wilming-
ton, North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
federal office-holders.
Mr. DEFREES introduced a bill to prevent
certain persons named therein from holding
olfice under the Federal Government; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
education of militia.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, introduced a
bill to educate the militia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Militia.
st. louis, missouri.
Mr. BLOW introduced a bill to establish a
port of entry at St. Louis; "which was read a
first and second time, and rei'eiredtothe Com-
mittee on Commerce.
railroad land grant, michigan.
Mr. BEAMAN presented n, joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ask-
ing an'appropriation of land by Congress to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Eskar.au-
ba to the straits of Michilimackinac, near the
straits of Mackinaw; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, aud ordered
to be printed.
telegraph land grant, michigan.
Mr. BEAMAN also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Michi-
gan, asking Congress for a donation of land for
iMc
the construction of a telegraph line between
somepoint, on the Saginaw riverto theSaultSte.
Marie, in the State of Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
thanks to the president, etc.
Mr. DRIGGS presented a joint resolution of -
the Legislature of the State of Michigan', thank-
ing the President, Administration, Governor
Blair, and the officers and soldiers of the Army
and the Navy for their persistent fidelity and -
labors in suppressing the rebellion; which vas .
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
duties on bibles and school-books.
Mr. DRIGGS presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in favor
of remitting all duties on Bibles and school-
books ; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, aud ordered to be printed.
land for ship-canal.
Mr. DRIGGS also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michigan,
asking Congress for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a ship-canal from Lake Superior
to Lac La Belle, so as to form a safe harbor;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and cirdercd to be printed.
improvement oe muskegon iiarbob.
Mr. FERRY presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, asking
for an appropriation of money by Congress for
the improvement of Muskegon harbor, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
naval station at grand haven.
Mr. FERRY also presented a joint resolution
of the State of Michigan, asking for the estab-
lishment of a naval station and dock-yard at
Grand Haven, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
post roads in michigan.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill to establish
certain post roads in the State of Michigan;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
navigation of mississippi river.
Mr. IIOGAN introduced a bill for the protec-
tion of the navigation of the Mississippi river
and its navigable tributaries; which was road
a first aud second time, and referred to the
Committee on'the Post Office and Post Roads.
wagon road to virginia city.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
to provide for the improvement of the wagon
road from Niobrara to Virginia City ; which
was road a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
protection of emancipated slaves.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill to
secure the writ of habeas corpus to persons held
in slavery or involuntary servitude contrary to
the Constitution of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa,] whether it will not bo pos-
sible for that committee to report to-day or to-
morrow the bill which ho has just introduced,
so that the House may act, upon it at once. It
is a measure of great importance to many per-
sons in my State.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I can only say, in
reply to the gentleman, 1hat the subject has not
yet been before the committee, and the com-
mittee will not meet until to-morrow.
propeller f. w. backus.
Mr. PAINE introduced a hill to change the
name of the propeller F. W, Backus to Mefa-
eomot; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
