1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3119
sand out of the one hundred and thirty thou-
sand tons now consumed in this city, will,
perhaps, monopolize the whole business of
furnishing fuel for this great city.
For this reason they now step in with this
proposition. Do they propose to pay interest
on past expenditures ? No ; not a dollar. Do
they propose to remunerate the corporation of
Washington for the $377,000 of dead capital
invested in the canal? Not a dollar. They are
to obtain their privileges by an absolute grant,
which any court in this country ought to rule
as a nullity ; for in a Government like ours, a
Government of written constitutions contain-
ing guarantees of vested rights and private
rights, no judicial authority, I hope, will ever
carry into effect any law that proposes to absorb
$o77,000 worth of property without a trial, with-
out a hearing, and to give it to individuals for
their own private advantage.
I will not dwell longer on that subject. 1
will only say that I look forward to the day
when Washington shall have a greatly increased
population; when the Government of the Uni-
ted States will need, even more than it now
needs, fuel from the Alleghany region ; when
this city will lequire hundreds of thousands of
tons of coal for manufacturing purposes; when
our naval vessels will approach the wharves
here at the Eastern branch for the purpose of
getting their supplies, secure from the inter-
ference of any foreign enemy. I see all this
in the future. These gentlemen see it, too ; and
I am now endeavoring to stand between them
and the attempt to appropriate all these pros-
pective advantages for their own private pur-
poses, to the very great detriment of the State
of Maryland.
That State, permit ine to yay, lias acted with
great disinterestedness and' great nobility on
this subject; for in making this canal without
the aid of the local government, which the
Government of the United States is for the
District of Columbia, they are pouring wealth
into a foreign jurisdiction ; they are helping to
build up here a city as a rival of Baltimore.
This city is, of course, beyond the limits of the
taxing power of that State, and every dollar
of wealth poured from the counties which I
represent—the Potomac counties of Maryland
—is a subtraction from the amount that would
be poured into the commercial emporium of
our State, thus helping to fill the coffers of our
treasury.
Under these circumstances I will leave the
question where it now stands—hoping that the
House will excuse the desultory manner in
which I have discussed it—until 1 hear from
gentlemen on the other side ; and I hope that
the House will then afford me an opportunity
to correct any errors of fact that may occur in
the course of thediscussion. 1 certainly should
not have trespassed to such an extent upon
the courtesy of the House if any other gentle-
man on this floor felt the same interest in this
question which 1 feel, and would have per-
formed the duty which 1 feel conscientiously
called upon to perform.
Mr. COBB. I presume that the House is
not desirous of hearing a very protracted dis-
cussion on this subject, and I shall consume
110 more time than may seem absolutely neces-
sary. But befoie going fuilher, I desire to
ask the previous question on the motion to re-
consider the votes by which the amendments
to tins bill were heretofore agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAV IS. Is it in order at this time to
move that the further consideration of this sub-
ject bo postponed until the first Monday of
December next?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now in
order, as the main question has been ordered.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
consider the votes by which the various amend-
ments were adopted, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ments, and they were rejected.
The SPEAKER then stated that the bill was
before the House as in the printed form, and
the question was on ordering it to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. COBB. I hope that th# House and the
Chair will overlook any little irregularities in
the manner of presenting the matter, inasmuch
as the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Inger-
soIjL,] who has heretofore had the manage-
ment of this bill, is now absent.
I did not enjoythe privilege of being present
at the discussion which took place some two
or three weeks ago between the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] and the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Ixceksoll.] I did come
into the Hall just as the gentleman from Mary-
land was concluding his remarks, just as the
morning hour expired, and I naturally sup-
posed that he had been occupying tlio floor
during the whole of that hour. If 1 have mis-
represented him in this respect I cheerfully
make the amende honorable. •
JNow, sir, I do not intend to weary the pa-
tience of this House by following or attempting
to follow the arguments of the gentleman from
Maryland in opposition to this bill. I will
make but a few remarks, when I will yield the
lioor to my colleague on the committee, the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welkkr,] or any other
member of the committee who desires to be
heard on this subject. At the expiration of my
hour I propose to call the previous question
and to let the Ilonso take such action on this
bill as may be deemed proper.
The gentleman from Maryland opposes this
bill in the interest of his constituents. He in-
formed (lie House that to pass this bill would
be, in his opinion, a direct robbery of his con-
stituents. Certainly, sir, if that bo the fact I,
as well, I believe, as all the other members of
the committee, liave labored under the grave
misrepresentation of the facts by the action
we have taken. This matter was pretty thor-
oughly discussed in the committee by all the
parties who desired to be heard in opposition
to it. Among others, it was discussed by the
gentleman from Maryland. I must confess
that the views he expressed in the House to-
day are in great part new to me. We also
heard the objections urged on the part of the
city authorities, as well as on the part of some
citizens of Washington. I believe all these
objections were fully and fairly considered by
that committee. I believe that no member of
that committee felt any desire to do injustice
to the city authorities or to the gentleman's
constituents. Nor, sir, do I believe that com-
mittee has been actuated by any feeling of ani-
mosity to the city authorities or to the honor-
able mayor on account of political principles,
or by any other consideration than that grow-
ing out of the merits of the case. Certainly,
so far as I am myself concerned, I can say that
no such feeling has actuated mo.
As has been already said on this floor, about,
the first object to which the attention of the
Committee for the District of Columbia was
called on our appointment at this Congress
was the condition of the Washington city ca-
nal; that it had become unmanageable to the
city authmities; that they did not possess the
means of properly keeping it so as to prevent
it becoming a cause of sickness and probably
contagion in the luidbt of the city; that the
limited means of the city would not enable
them to put it in proper condition, and it was
therefore desired that the Federal Government
should take it out of their hands. That was
most industriously pressed upon the commit-
tee for a considerable length of time; that it
was a great nuisance in the midst of the city;
that the city was unable to take care of it, and
that the Federal Government must make an
appropriation of considerable magnitude in
order to prevent its continuing to be a great
nuisance.
Among the various propositions on this sub-
ject—and there were a good many made or sug-
gested—one was this; to take this off the hands
of the Government upon the terms set forth in
this charter. Now, sir, I for one am a little
cautious about entertaining these propositions
to charter companies on the part of Congress.
I do not favor them. I believe it is the duty
of Congress to reject nearly all that are pre-
sented here. Among them all I believe this is
the only ouc that I have favored in committee
or am likely to vote for in Congress. But as a
sanitary measure, proposing to remove this
great nuisance and to enable this great city to
take care of a public work which they have on
their hands but which they never ought to have
been burdened with, I surrendered what objec-
tion I had to voting for a private corporation
incorporated by the last Congress, and particu-
larly because from its very nature its opera-
tions would be confined in a territorial point
of view to the District of Columbia.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the prominent argument
embraced in the remarks of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,] the argument to
which all others seemed to tend, and the one
which had been made before the Committee
for the District of Columbia, not only by that
gentleman, but by a great many others, seems
to be this; that you propose to grant this fran-
chise to a foreign corporation. The changes
have been rung on that word'''foreign," not
only hero, but in the committee, until it has
satisfied me at least that itis the chief objection
to this bill.
If these corporators were citizens of Mary-
land, of the gentleman's district; or still better,
if they were citizens of the District of Colum-
bia ; or still better than all, if they wore of a
favorite class of citizens—the Carrolls, for in-
stance—some of those old historical people,
I do not think you would have heard much
objection to the passage of this bill. But they
have the misfortune, I believe, to be citizens
of New York, Pennsylvania, and some other
States ; and hence their presumption incoming
before Congress and asking for an act of in-
corporation, particularly if by that act of incor-
poration they obtain the right to disturb some
of the soil of this District, strikes the mind of
certain gentlemen on this floor and elsewhere
with very great horror.
Now, sir, in regard to the claim of vested
lights which this Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company, or the States of Virginia and Mary-
land, have in this old canal, 1 think it cither
goes too far or falls short of what gentlemen
expect of it. We do not propose by this act
of incorporation to interfere with any of the
rights of corporations. We do not come in
and say that they shall not form whatever con-
nections they please with this canal on one
hand or the other. There are 110 exclusive
privileges granted in this bill that I am aware
of. It only grants to these men the right to
dig a canal.
I suppose the gentleman's argument would
go to this extent, that the Government of the
United States was bound for all time to come to
refrain from doing any act or setting up any
work or anything anywhere which could by any
possibility come in the way of any future ex-
tension which this Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company might choose to make. Most certainly
such is not a fair interpretation of the law which
the gentleman himself read.
We have no objection, and this bill raises
none in any respect, to the Government of the
United States keeping faith in this compact, as
the gentleman calls it, with Maryland and Vir-
ginia. But certainly when the Government
established this Capitol or the Treasury build-
ing it was not infringing upon vested rights.
At the same time, I do not suppose the gentle-
man would claim that it would be proper for
that canal company to run its extension through
the grounds set apart for the Capitol of the
nation. So I do not think that that argument
ought to have any great weight with members
of this House in their action in regard to this
bill.
There is one tiling which I think must strike
members of the House as noticeable. This canal
running through the city of Washington was
first projected about seventy years ago. It has
been in some state of operation for nearly that
length of time. The Chesapeake and Ohio
canal has been built over thirty years. This
