fff® eONGRfiSSIOKAL GLOBE.
July 24,
of the Union. They were afterward carried
out, by what kind of process we cannot tell;
bat at the time that they elected a Legislature
and elected the convention which finally carried
-them oat this very cotton region sent a major-
ity in favor of sustaining the Union. It is now
impossible to tax the resources of the partic-
ular region as they were formerly taxed for
keeping w>~ these levees. Those resources are
gone. I feel no hesitation' about onr power to
maintain these levees, and I think we have not
made an appropriation this session so wise and
00 beneficial and so calculated to make a quick
return to the Government 'as this appropria-
tion of $1,500,000 for this purpose.
■' The Senator from Ohio says it will not do
all that is needed. Well, sir, if we do a part
this year, and they bestir themselves, as the
owners of these farms will do, to eke it out.,
and if we make another appropriation next
year, we shall only be, in the line of our duty,
and we sliall only the sooner have a cotton crop
that will enable these people to pay their debts
and to resume their trade and commerce with
the provision States and with the manufactur-
ing States, and until they can raise cotton and
have a surplus we shall never have that trade
restored. The gentlemen who are so much in
favor of commerce ought to sustain this meas-
ure.
I shall not detain the Senate by arguing the
question. These people have no servants now
to work their farms-; thev have no steam-power
to do it, they have no provisions, the> have no
means of hiring hands. All this must be done
on credit. They cannot employ the frccdmen
beneficially unless they are enabled to cultivate
their farms, and this appropriation, bringing
that country into quick cultivation, is a great
deal more beneficial to the freedmen than is
feeding them through the bureau.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this proposition
was first presented by the special committee
it was not very clear to my mind that we
could make such an appropriation of the pub-
lic money; but, sir, I believe that to some ex-
tent my judgment has been influenced by what
I regard as a public necessity, and the further
consideration that sixty-three years ago this
country was acquired during the Administra-
tion of Thomas Jefferson, without any very
clear authority to be found in the Constitution,
and the most ardent supporters of that Admin-
istration were not able to see where the power
lay to acquire the Louisiana country.
Now, sir, by a series of terrible misfortunes
that country is almost lost, and it is very clear
to us by the evidence, independent of that
which the able committee has presented to the
Senate, that the people of that, locality are not
able to recover that country themselves; and
the question is, shall the Congress of the Uni-
ted States in 18(56 make a small appropriation
to recover a large and very important portion
of the country which was purchased in 1803?
If 1 do err on this question at all, it shall be
in favor of what I regard as one of the most
important measures before Congress, and I
will say to the Senator from Illinois that this
is not fencing the farms alone of the people
of the South ; it is helping to fence the farms
of the men in Indiana and m Illinois. As soon
as the waters of these great rivers are shut off
from the lauds, and the people upon the rich
borders have restored them again to a condi-
tion of productiveness, we shall find and our
constituents will find in that remarkably rich
country their old and very profitable market,
and every farmer in Indiana and Illinois that
raises a bushel of com is interested in having
a market along the shores of the Mississippi
river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana will allow me to inquire where he finds
the constitutional authority to improve the
lands of individuals on the lower Mississippi
for the purpose of making a market for the
corn that his constitnents and mine raise.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not discussing
the question whether Congress can fence farms.
Thai is notexactly the question. The question
is whether Congress can aid to reclaim a coun-
try which the Government bought in 1803,
without the express letter of the Constitution
authorizing it. This is to reclaim a whole sec-
tion of the country and to restrain the Missis-
sippi river within its natural limits. That river
is under the control of the Government for
almost every purpose. It is a great channel
of commerce; it is-the nation's river; it does
not belong to Louisiana; it does not belong to
Mississippi; it is the river of all the States; and
when it has broken beyond its bounds, why may
we not restrain it by some little aid which the
Government of the United States may give to
the people along the border?
But I was saying, when the Senator inter-
rupted me, that there is no portion of the coun-
try more interested in this particular measure
than the region of country that he and 1 repre-
sent. Let us have again that country restored to
a condition of productiveness that our people—
the men of Indiana and of Illinois—may find
there the market that they did before these
dreadful crevasses destroyed that country.
As I said, if I do err upon the question of
the Constitution, I err in following the example
that "was set to us in the purchase of that coun-
try, and I will err on the side of a very impor-
tant measure, as I understand it.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The only constitutional
authority which the Senator from Indiana seems
to find for this appropriation is in the fact that
we acquired the Louisiana country withoutany
express authority in the Constitution. Now; I
suppose if the Government had had authority
in the Constitution to purchase Louisiana,
then, according to that argument, there would
have been no constitutional authority to make
this appropriation! But inasmuch as we bought
the country without constitutional authority,
therefore we have constitutional authority to
appropriate money, now that it belongs to in-
dividuals, for the purpose of improving their
farms; and the Senator calls that improving
the Mississippi river. He says that we are all
interested in the Mississippi river. True we
are, but these levees are not constructed for
the purpose of improving the Mississippi river;
they are constructed for the purpose of pro-
tecting the alluvial lands upon the Mississippi
bottom. That is the object.
I know it is said incidentally that will be
the efieet; and I believe the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] in his imagina-
tion conceived that it was possible that the
building of these levees some five hundred or
a thousand miles from the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi might confine the waters so as to assist
in sweeping out the bar at the mouth 
Mr. CLARK. I cannot permit the Senator
to state that it was my imagination. It is the
report of the engineer, General Humphreys.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report of the engi-
neer supposing that levees upon the Arkansas
river, for I believe this appropriation is partly
to build levees npon the Arkansas 
Mr. CLARK. Not at all; not the least.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, in the State of
Arkansas
Mr. CLARK. Part of the State of Arkan-
sas, on the Mississippi river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The engineer seems
to suppose that the building of levees up in
the State of Arkansas would help to improve
the navigation of the mouth of the Mississippi
some thousand miles distant!. It is possible.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, Mr. President, very
possible, quite likely, exactly so, because the
Mississippi requires a great volume of water to
run in a current to carry forward the mud, &c.,
that comes down under the water, to prevent
its being deposited at the mouth of the river
and entirely obstructing navigation. If the
river is once suffered to escape out into the
swamps, the current is diminished in the chan-
nel of the river and it is not carried out into
the Gulf.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume that we all
know that a rapid current would have a tend-
ency to carry off the deposits better than a
slow one, but I do not suppose that a rapid
current coming down the mountain sides four
thousand miles from the Gulf of Mexico would
have much to do with the flow of water at its
mouth; nor do I suppose that the rapidity of
the current a thousand miles up in Arkansas
would have anything to do with the rapidity of
the current at the month of the Mississippi
river.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him one moment? I believe
the Senator was able to find the authority in
the Constitution somewhere for the appropri-
ation of $7,000,000 to feed a portion of the
people of that country and to build them
school-houses and asylums in the States upon
the ground that they were in a destitute condi-
tion. Now, I ask him if it is not quite as clearly
within the Constitution to take the control of
and restrain the great river of the West, and
thereby restore a large farming country that
these colored people and the refugees may find
a place upon which to expend their labor prof-
itably to them and profitably to the country
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from In-
diana can satisfy himself that this is an appro-
priation of money for the purpose of fencing in
the Mississippi river, he may find authority to
vote this appropriation ; but that is not the
object of this appropriation ; it was not thought
of for the improvement of the Mississippi river.
The object of it is to protect the lands from the
waters of the river, and not to improve the
navigation of the stream. It is not placed upon
that ground ; and although it is a favorite ar-
gument of the Senator to suppose, as he has
on several occasions, that because money was
appropriated to take care of a whole race of
people who as a consequence of the war were
thrown upon the Government, therefore you
could find authority in the Constitution for any
appropriation whatever. I must say to the
Senator from Indiana that I think there is no
analogy between the cases. I take it that in
the prosecution of the war and in the putting
down of the rebellion the Constitution gave
express authority for the armies to take pos-
session of this country and take possession of
its inhabitants, to put them in prison, to treat
them as prisoners of war, and to feed them.
Because tne Government had authority to put
down the rebellion by force of arms, to cap-
ture the enemies of the country and the inhab-
itants of the rebellious regions, if necessary to
put down the rebellion, and imprison and feed
them, it by no means follows that when the war
is over the Government of the United States,
not for the purpose of putting down a rebellion
or suppressing an insurrection, but for the pur-
pose of enhancing the value of private farms,
has a right to appropriate money. That is all
there is to this ; it is an appropriation to help
private individuals to make money from their
plantations, and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire says that the nation will be benefited by
this, bccause if you will build these fences
around the plantations of these former rebels
you will enable them to plant a great deal more
cotton ; you tax the cotton and you will derive
a larger revenue to the Government!
Why, sir, I look upon all such arguments
as very far fetched. They would apply just
as well in any other portion of the country as
in Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mississippi. You
might just as well appropriate money to build
houses and fence farms in any other portion of
the country and say if that was done the inhab-
itants of that locality would be enabled to raise
larger crops,^ and as we tax the wealth of the
country, the incomes of farmers, their incomes
would be larger, and the Government would
thereby derive a larger revenue. I do not
think this Government will ever get rich by
appropriating money to enable farmers to cul-
tivate larger crops and then collecting a tax
from the farmers. I look upon all such argu-
ments as far fetched. But, sir, I do not wish
to take time upon this matter; the yeas and
nays are called for, and" I am willing the Sen-
ate should decide it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am a good deal aston-
ished at the argument of the Senator from Illi-
