THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBB.
January 8r
* " ' SHIP-CANAL LAND~GRANT. jj
Mr. SAWYER, presented a memorial of the p
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, asking ii
for a grant of land by Congress to aid in the
construction of a ship-canal from Sturgeon bay
to Lake Michigan ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
JOHN SHIELDS.
Mr. LATHAM introduced a bill for the relief
of John.Shields; which was read a- first- and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
SAMUEL V. B. STRIDER.
' Mr. LATHAM also introduced a bill for the
relief of Samuel V. B. Strider; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
SUSAN YATES.
Mr. LATHAM also introduced a bill for the
relief of Susan Yates; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
CAPITOL BUILDING IN DAKOTA.
Mr. BURLEIGH presented a memorial of
the Territorial Legislature of Dakota, praying
for an appropriation to erect & capitol building
in Dakota Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed. -
COMMANDER G. II. PREBLE.
Mr. BRANDEGEE introduced a bill for the
relief of George Henry Preble, a commander
in the Navy of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REV. JOHN* C. JACOBI.
Mr. BRANDEGEE also intoduced a hill for
the benefit, of Rev. John C. Jacobi; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military.Affairs.
BASIS OF CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATION.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States with respect to the basis
of representation in Congress ; which was read
a fir.it and second time, and referred to the
joint, committee on reconstruction.
AMBROSE MORRISON.
Mr. SHELLABARGEE introduced a bill
for the relief of Ambrose Morrison, of Nash-
ville, Tennessee; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
TERRITORIAL COMMUNICATION.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a joint
resolution to facilitate communication with
certain Territories: which was read a lirst and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
NEW" MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. BURLEIGH presented the memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Dakota, (bribe establishment of a moil route
from fort Randall to Fort Sully in said Terri-
tory: which was ordered to be printed, and
re (erred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BURLEIGH also presented the memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Dakota, relative to the location of the
north branch of the Pacific railroad: which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
black hilt, country, dakota.
Mr. BURLEIGH also presented the me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of Dakota
Territory, asking for a geological survey of the
Black Hill country and bad lands in said Terri-
tory; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MEXICO.
Mr. ORTH presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Indiana in reference to the
interference of European Powers in the affairs
of the republic of Mexico; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. .
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the President he requested to com-
municate to this House, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, any correspondence
or other information in possession of theGovcrciment
in regard to the kidnapping: of tlio child of an Amer-
ican lady in the city of Mexico by the usurper of that
republic, "so-called emperor," under the pretense
of making said child a prince; whether the Govern-
ment of the United States has been asked to interfere
with a view to having the child restored to its parents,
and what action, if any, has been taken on the subject.
The SPEAKER stated that the resolution
called for executive information, and if ob-
jected to must, under the rule, lie over for one
day.
Mr. BLAINE objected; but afterward with-
drew his objection. .
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there werg—ayes 34, noes 16; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Smitii and Upson.
The House was again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes VI, noes 32.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colored volunteers.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution, on whichhe demanded the
previous question:
Whereas the twenty-fourth section of the act of
Congress of the 24 th February, 1864, requires that "the
Secretary of War shall appoint a commission in each
of the slave States represented in Congress, charged
to award to each loyal person to whom a colored vol-
unteer may owe service, a just compensation, not ex-
ceeding iofJO for each sueh colored volunteer, payablo
out ot the tund derived trom commutation;" There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform this
House whether he has appointed said commission in
any of the States referred to; and, if so, in which of
them; and in which State, if any, he has failed to
make said appointment, and the cause of such failure;
and that lie aKoinlorm this House the amount of said
commutation fund on the said 21th of I'cbiuary, 1864,
nml what disposition, if any, has since been made of
said fund in whole or in part; and what amount of
said fund now remains on hand and subject to the
provisions oi the act aforesaid.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
IMPERIAL MEXICAN EXPRESS COMPANY.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
inconsistent with the public interest, to communicate
to this House any information in possession of the Gov-
ernment in relation to a company called " The Im-
perial Mexican Express Company,'' alleged to have
been organized in the eityof .N ew York under a grant
from the so-called Lmperor of Mcxieo, for the purpose
of carrying on the contraband or other trade between
the Mexican republic, the Ikiited States, and other
nations, and specially any letters or correspondence
on the subject with any party or parties.
Mr. DEM1NG objected, and under the rules
the resolution was laid over.
personal explanation.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I rise to a question
of privilege. By referring to the Globe Of De-
cember 20, I find that on the vote on the bill
I introduced by the Committee on Commerce, to
1 regulate the commerce between the States, I
| am recorded as voting in the negative. I was
: not in mv seat at the time the question came
! up, and 1 am quite sure that you, Mr. Speaker,
j will recollect that heretofore, when a question
! similar to the one involved in that bill came
j before the House, I not only voted in favor of
i it but discussed the question, and I have seen
no reason to change my mind. I am quite un-
willing that it should go before my constituents
that I have now voted against a bill of which I
have always been in favor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the Journal does not give the gentleman's
name as voting on either side.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I only speak as far as
the Globe is concerned. I presume the clerks
of the House are correct, as they always are.
I am not willing to have my.name go out to the
country as having voted against a bill which
livery true man ought to vote for.
The SPEAKER. Corrections of the Globe
are not questions of privilege. Corrections of
the Journal come under that head.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS AND SAILORS. *
Mr. WELKER offered tlie following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the act granting pensions to disabled sol*
diers serving in the Union Army in the late rebellion
as to give pensions to all soldiers who have been or
may be permanently injured or disabled by accidents
on theirway homo bythc usually traveled route after
their discharge, and report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Is it in order
to offer an amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not after the previous
question is seconded.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would like
to have the resolution amended so as to include
sailors.
Mr. WELIiER. I accept the amendment.
The main question was then ordered, and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
ENLARGING THE IIARBOR, 0E BALTIMORE.
Mr. <J. L. THOMAS offered the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be ip-
strueted to inquire into the expediency of deepening
and widening the harbor of Baltimore, and of render-
ing the ship channel navigablefor vessels of the largest
tonnage, and report by bill or otherwise.
NEW NAVY-YARD.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS also offered, by unan-
imous consent, the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of locating
a yard for the construction and repair of vessels of the
Navy on the Patapsco river, near the city of Balti-
more, and report by bill or otherwise.
MUTILATED FRACTIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. ANCONA offered the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be requested to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the redemption of mutilated, de-
faced, and worn out fractional currency by the United
States internal revenue collectors, or other imaneial
agents of the Government in the several collection
districts of the country.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS OF 1861.
Mr. MILLER offered the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House that all
volunteers who entered the Army of the United States
in the year 1861, and fuithfully served therein, should
be paid a bounty equal to tb e highest sum given by any
act of Congress to those who subsequently enlisted.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman to
allow it to be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman, what probable amount will he paid out
of the Treasury under such a provision?
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate, which is not now iti order.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will then
go oyer, under the rules.
