1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented the petition of
Henry Bodenheim & Co., praying for compen-
sation for cotton alleged to have been taken
from them by United States troops in Febru-
ary, ,1864,^ at Yazoo county, in the State of
Mississippi; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS presented the memorial of
Jos6 Dominguez, praying to be confirmed in
the title granted to him September 24, 1845,
by Governor Pio Pico, and approved by the
departmental assembly of Alta California, June
3, 1846, of the land known as Los Prietos y
Najalayegua, in the county of Santa Barbara,
California; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented a memorial of
the Legislature of California, praying for such
an amendment to the act entitled '' An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific occan, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 1,1862, as will
more fully protect the rights of miners and bona
fide occupants of such lands as may be con-
veyed by virtue of that act; and also in favor
of the exemption of all mineral lands in any
grant of land under that act; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
reports op committees.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 154) to further sccure American citizens
certain privileges under the treaty of Washing-
ton, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted a bill (S. No. 26) granting to
the International Ocean Telegraph Company
the right and privilege to establish telegraphic
communication between the city of New York
and the West India islands, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 137) to amend the acts approved August
6, 1861, and July 16, 1862, establishing a met-
ropolitan police in the District of Columbia, to
increase the efficiency thereof, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. 201) to declare the meaning of certain
parts of the internal revenue act, approved
June 30, 1804, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a bill (S. No. 188) to provide
for an annual inspection into Indian affairs, and
for otkerpurposes ; which wasread, andpassed
to a second reading.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John R.
Brown, praying for remuneration for the seiz-
ure of the schooner Robert Bruce, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 187) to quiet land titles in the State of Cal-
ifornia; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 189)
to confirm the grant of certain lands to Jos6
Dominguezin California; which was read twice
by its title/referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 38) providing quarantine regu-
lations to prevent the introduction and spread
of the Asiatic cholera; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask that that resolution
may be read at length.
39th Cong. IstSess.—No. TO. .
The Secretary re?,d it, as follows:
Resolved, <£c., 1. That it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War. with the cooperation of the Secre-
tary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Treasury,
whose concurrent action shall be directed by the
Commander-in-Chief ofthc Army and Navy, to cause
a rigid quarantine against the introduction into this
country of the Asiatic cholera through its ports of
entry whenever the same may be threatened by the
prevalence of said disease in countries having direct
commercial intercourse with the United States.
2./That he shall also enforce the establishment of
sanitary cordons to prevent the spread of said disoaso
from infected districts adjacent to or within the limits
of the United States.
3. That said Secretaries are hereby authorized to
use the means at their commands to carry out the
foregoing provisions.
4. Thatitsha.il be the duty of the Seerotary of State
to open correspondence with the foreign Powers
whose proximity to the United States shall endan-
ger tho introduction of Asiatic cholera into this coun-
try through their ports and territory, soliciting their
cooperation with this Government in such efforts to
prevent the introduction and spread of said disease.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the joint reso-
lution bo printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
washington canal.
Mr. RIDDLE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia:
Resolved, That the President be, and hereby is,
requested to cause to be detailed three experienced
and skillful engineers of the Army of the United
States, who shall be directed to examine the en tiro line
of the "Washington cityeanal and report what imme-
diate means, in their judgment, should bo adopted for
such temporary improvement thereof as will best se-
cure the health of residents and citizens of the national
metropolis during tho coining summer, and also such
plan for tho permanent improvement and regulation
thereof as will most eflectually remove the existing
nuisances and prevent futuresimiiar accumulations.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 127) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
30th of June, 1867; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
or,DEP. 01? BUSINESS.
Mr.BROWN. ImovethattheSenate proceed
to the consideration of the bill which was under
discussion when we adjourned last evening.
Mr. CONNESS. It will be remembered that
yesterday morning I called for the action of the
Senate upon a question that should be regarded
as a question of privilege, the reconsideration
of a vote by which a bill passed this body some
six or eight weeks since. As all the discussion
on that subject has been had, I move that we
proceed to its consideration in preference to
other business this morning, and after we get a
vote upon that the honorable Senator from
Missouri can go on with his bill.
Mr. BROWN. If there is nothing to do but
to take a vote on the bill alluded to, I have no
objection to its being done, and will very cheer-
fully yield for that purpose. If. however, it is
designed to spend the morning hour in debating
it again, I think it would be better, perhaps, to
proceed with the bill wo had under considera-
tion last evening. That I do not think will elicit
any more debate, and we can take a vote on it.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the proposition is
hardly fair in view of the statement made by
the Senator from Ilhode Island that he would
antagonize the motion I now make with other
motions and keep it off by all the delays that
he could employ. I ask the Senate earnestly
for a vote on this subject. I shall not discuss
it, for one, and I think, considering the length
of time it has been pending in this body, it will
be conceded that it has a privilege beyond any
other business that may now be called up. I
hope we shall proceed with it, and I make that
motion.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island whether he contem-
plates discussing the question referred to by
the Senator from California any further.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do, sir, at considerable
length.
_ Mr. BROWN. Then J moyf.to t^ke up th©
bill we had under corisideraiioii last.' eVenliijJ-'
Mr. CONNESS. I object to thi^ eritirelyi
Mr. BROWN. You'are at HbertftO'dMdqt.
Mr. CONNESS. OF course I ami.- Tfo
Senator from Missouri asks another Senator
whether he will spe^k upon the' hill that I pro-
pose to take up;" the other Senator rises ^hd
smiles and says he will, after having already
tired the Senate with speeches on the subject.
Now, sir, I ask for a vote. If the'Senitor troni*
Rhode Island has a speech to make let Mm'
make it, but the public business should not be
trifled with any longer in this manner. ■ "'
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have no doubt tired the*
Senator from California, and I intend to tire
him still further.
Mr. CONNESS. So the Senator said yejs-'"
terday.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But not for the purpose'
of tiring him. I intend always when. I rise in,
my seat here to smile if it so suits me. I eijyy
not the man who can never smile or who Sfnilea
only when his interest is excited. I da iiplr
wish to occupy that position. I believe "tjiit
the discussion of questions before the Senafe
should be conducted in a friendly and a smiling
manner, and I trust that that will always be the
position that I shall occupy in this body.
Mr. BROWN. I believe the motion of the
Senator from California is not a privileged
motion ; and the motion I made was 'first' in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state the motion. The Senator from Mis-
souri moves that the Senate nowproceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 81, to reimburse
the State of Missouri for moneys expended for
the United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion. The Senator from Califor-
nia moves as an amendment to that motion
that the Senate proceed to consider the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
passed the bill (H. E. No. 135) to extend the
time for the withdrawal of goods for consump-
tion from public store and bonded warehouse,
and for other purposes. The question is upon
the amendment of the Senator from California
to the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CONNESS. Allow me to say to_ the
Senate again that tho only purpose I have is to
get a vote on the bill to which I refer. I have
no object in discussing it. I do not wish to
occupy a moment of time upon it. The Sen-
ate knows that that question has been before
it for six or eight weeks.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to the considera-
tion of the bill alluded to by the Senator from
California, because if it should be taken up,
there will not be sufficient time for its discus-
sion, as in half an hour more the morning hour
will expire, and the order of the day will be
called up. That has been the history of the
bill ever since it was presented to the Senate,
and I trust that there will be some other time
than the morning hour devoted to its considera-
tion, so that it may have a full discussion, and
Senators may have ample time for its discussion.
I understand that the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. SAULsmnrv] intends to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate at one o'clock upon the re-
port from the reconstruction committee, and
there is not sufficient time in the interval for the
discussion of this question.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will withdraw his motion, I will make a
motion to make the bill which I desire to have
considered the special order for a time distant,
so that the Senator from Rhode Island shall not
have an excuse further to prolong its consider-
ation.
Mr. BROWN. I shall be very glad to fa-
cilitate the gentleman in any way that I can.
I am disposed to aid him in pressing the con-
sideration of that bill, and if I can facilitate
him in appointing it for a day fixed I shall do
so. But I think it is asking too much to ask
me to waive the motion now before the Senate
in order to allow another to be submitted.
