1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3121
company is required to dig this canal ten feet
deep and to put running water through it within
a certain period of time, so as to remove the
impurities which now render the canal so detri-
mental to health. By this means a first-class
sewerage will be provided for the eity of Wash-
ington.
In the next place, the bill has a commercial
view, being designed to make a navigable canal
through the city for commercial purposes. It
is said to be very desirable to the interests of
the city of Washington that this improvement
should be made and thus afford easy acccss for
coal as well as other trade to the city.
But it is said by the gentleman from Maryland
that by incorporating this company we shall
deprive the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany of rights which they are entitled to enjoy;
and he also urges that by the provisions of the
bill we undertake to seize a great jiroperty or
franchise now owned by the city of Washing-
ton, the old Washington canal. Now, so far
as the canal is concerned, this bill simply pro-
poses to give to this company whatever rights
the General Government has in that canal. It
undertakes to give no other right. If this Gov-
ernment has no right in this canal, this com-
pany will receive no interest under the provis-
ions of this bill. The bill does not undertake
to settle the ownership of this old canal. It
does not determine whether the city or the Gov-
ernment owns it. If the Government owns it,
it gives its use to the company. If the eity
owns it, then it only confers the right upon this
company of ordinary condemnation of private
property for this class of improvements.
So far as concerns the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company, the bill does provide that this
company proposed to be incorporated may con-
struct a canal and sewerage along or near the
line of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal for a
short distance on the west of Seventeenth street
up to the line of the corporate limits of George-
town.
It is provided in the bill that this company
may go through this part of the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal, or along the side thereof, or near
it, and make a connection with that canal at
Georgetown. If, however, they do use it, they
are bound to pay for it, just as they are com-
pelled to make compensation under this section
for any other property they may see proper to
take with a view to the completion of this canal.
Now, it is a notorious fact that for nine or ten
years that part of the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal has not been used. On the contrary, it
has been allowed to go to waste and destruc-
tion. It has been useless for all purposes of
navigation. If it had been so valuable as the
gentleman says it was during that period it
strikes me they would have improved it, or at
least have kept it in repair.
Now, this bill does not undertake to code or
take from any one any rights in any other way
than by condemnation in the manner provided
in the" bill. The gentleman from Maryland
says in the Constitution of the United States
there is no authority to make an assessment of
damages which may result from condemnation
of property as provided in this bill. The gen-
tleman will no doubt remember that under the
Constitution in many of the States property is
condemned under like provisions to those in
this bill. Until the new constitution of Ohio
was adopted, much of the property condemned
for railroads and canals of that State was con-
demned under commissions similar to the one
here provided. There may be objection to the
mode of assessment, but there is certainly no
constitutional objection to the assessment in
this way.
Mr. DAVIS. In the legislation of other
States, so far as I know, where any right is given
to one corporation to connect with another cor-
poration, provision is made for a joint commis-
sion to come to terms of agreement in respect
to the use of the property ot one corporation by
thatol another. In this bill I find a provision
standing boldly upon its front that this corpo-
ration shall have the right to divest the former
corporation of its property in this canal.
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 196.
Mr. WELKER. No further than that part
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal which has
been unused for nine or ten years. I admit
that by the terms of the bill this company by
paying for it may pursue the same line or go
outside of it or inside of it as they may judge
best and proper when they come to make their
canal. If they take the line of the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal then they have to pay damages
to be assessed by these commissioners. I admit
that the legislation of the different States, in,
respect to railroad and canal companies making
connections and joint occupation, usually pro-
vides for a joint commission, but that is a sub-
ject-matter of contract and arrangement as well
as legislation.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me inquire whether there
is in this bill a provision for any remaining
right of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal.
Mr. WELKER. There is no such provision
in the hill. If this company cannot get a line
near the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, they are
to be allowed to avail themselves of that part
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal between
Seventeenth street and Georgetown, so long
unused, and for which damages are to be
assessed and paid.
So far as the Washington city canal is con-
cerned, it has not been used for twenty-five or
thirty years, except a very small part of it.
The General Government have already ex-
pended upon it at different times §190,000.
On three occasions $150,000 was appropriated
by the Government; at another time, in 1810,
$20,000; and in 1S51 $20,000, making in all
$100,000 that this Government has already
spent on this canal; and wo find it still a nui-
sance upon our hands.
When Congress assembled, the Committee
for the District of Columbia was called upon
to make provision against the cholera, which
might be engendered here in consilience of
this canal. The corporate authorities of the
city of Washington ask you to allow them to
expend $75,000 to make temporary and sani-
tary improvements of this canal. They have
gone on and expended a large sum for mere
temporary improvement, and probably Con-
gress at its next session will be called upon to
pay the expenses. It really is worth -nothing
in a pecuniary point of view to the city of Wash-
ington, if owned and to be kept up by the eity,
for it will cost three or four hundred thousand
dollars to put it in repair. If it had been a
valuable franchise to the eity, would this canal
have been allowed to go without repair and
entirely useless for so long a time? Now, if
the city of Washington ever expects to derive
any commercial advantage from this canal let
them take it from under the control of the cor-
porate authorities. Who over heard of a mu-
nicipal corporation running a railroad or canal
to any purpose? The business of everybody is
said to be the business of nobody; and a city
that undertakes to run a canal for commercial
purposes will find out that it is an unprofitable
investment. Private corporations can always
manage this class of improvements to much
better advantage to all concerned.
The people of the city ought not to be taxed
to keep up this nuisance. What is proposed?
It is to authorize and allow this piivate com-
pany to make this a navigable canal, and re-
quire it to furnish this sewerage for the city of
Washington, andrelieve the Government of any
more expense in relation to it.
Gentlemen will remember that in all these
improvements in Washington the Government
pays about one half the expense. 'The people of
Washington expect us to pay half the expense
of grading their streets. They expect us also to
pay about the same proportion of the expense
to provide them with an etlicient system of
sewerage. We have undertaken to do so by
this bill. This is the best system of sewerage
that has occurred to the committee, or to any-
body else in Washington, during this session
of Congress. Here is a bill which will afford
to the city complete and adequate sewerage,
and without any expense to the Government
Here is an opportunity to get rid of this nui-
sance, and also to got a good and practical
system of sewerage, with a good navigable con-
nection with the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
by which coal may be brought down and de-
livered at the wharves in Washington. We now
have an opportunity of getting all the advan-
tages without contributing a single dollar of the
public muney. Shall we not take advantage of
the means of accomplishing all these objects,
especially when we can do it without injury to
the parties interested in opposition to this bill?
Mr. F. THOMAS. The House ought not to
fall under a misapprehension upon one point
to which the gentleman has referred. I trust
they will excuse me for trespassing so often
upon their attention, for the reason that there
is no member here who has so much interest
in this local affair as I have. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] has borrowed
from me, and now has in his possession, a
report from an engineer showing that the canal
in the District of Columbia has been finished
almost up to the point required by the engineer
appointed by the War Department. It has
been finished under a contract between the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company and the
corporation of Washington ; and the company
have turned the water at Rock creek through
this canal.
Further work, with the view to make this
canal a commercial highway, has been post-
poned at the instance of the engineers of the
War Department. It is well known that the
ground which terminates at the base of the
mound where the Capitol stands, and where
the Government propagating garden is, was
one continuous marsh. By changing the direc-
tion of the canal the city of Washington has
redeemed certain lands.
Mr. WELKElt. We have heard all this
before in the Committee for the District of
Columbia. I have understood that the Gov-
ernment gave lots to the canal company to
help make it, and after awhile took those lots
back and gave the canal company $100,000 to
aid them to construct the work. It was a kind
of thimble-rigging, not very advantageous to
the interests of the Government. 'The com-
pany failed to build the canal, and thereupon
the Government took back the lots and gave
them $.150,000 to enable tlfo company to build
the canal. 'The capital stock of the company
originally was but $100,000, and the Govern-
ment made that large contribution to keep it
going.
There is no end to the propositions to abate
the nuisance which this canal creates. And
now one word in regard to what the gentle-
man has said of the report of the engineers.
I know that the mayor of Washington has dug
out the canal since this bill lias been pending
so as to let into it the waters of the river. It
may be, and 1 hope it is, true that the nuisance
is abated for this year; but whoever may be
here in the next session of Congress will be
called upon to make an appropriation for the
next year, or, at least, be asked to levy a tax
on the property owners of Washington to pay
the expense of this year. Remember that the
$75,000 expended this summer was only for
"sanitary purposes,-" and merely temporary.
Here is an opportunity to get rid of this evil.
I feel as much interested in the city of Wash-
ington, and I trust every member of the com-
mittee feels the same interest as the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] does.
I look forward to the time when this will be
a great city; and believing that^ it will be a
great eity I want to get rid of this great nui-
sance.
Mr. COBB. I demand the previous question
on the bill.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I would ask, for informa-
tion, whether a motion to recommit the bill is
now in order.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order if the previous question were not
demanded.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Well, if the previous
question bo not sustained I shall submit that
motion.
