1B66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nois. He found no difficulty in voting for the
ship-canal around the falls of Niagara, because
it would enable vessels to reach the north end
of Illinois and would benefit that State. There
is as little in the Constitution to justify that
w.ork as there is to justify the redeeming the
alluvial landsof the Mississippi where we have
derived such immense amounts of cotton and
sugar in the support of the commerce and
trade of the United States. Indeed, it seems'
to me that all the venom and all the malignity
that have been engendered in this war have
fpu'nd their resting-place within the bosom of
that gentleman, and he cannot speak without
abusing these people, now citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and once in rebellion. He can see
nothing good there in any legislation except to
tax that people without representation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 'Mr. President, if I
understand this case, the United States found
certain embankments on the shores of the
Mississippi river and they cut holes in those
embankments and let the waters run through ;
and the question is, has the United States the
powerto fill up the crevasses which they made?
Mr. SUMNER. The rebels made them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Our Government cut
more holes than this $1,500,000 will stop up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I under-
stand, and if the Senator fro to Wisconsin had
read the history of the country, he must know,
that the rebels cut holes in those levees.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not doubt that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why charge that
the United States did it?
Mr. JOHNSON. Because they did it.
Mr. CLARK. Our troops did do it. The
engineers and officers all say they did it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They may have done
it, too ; but how came they to do it,' let me
ask the Senator from New Hampshire. They
did it to put down the rebels, who did it them-
selves, did they not? They did it justly; they
did it properly; and because these men fight-
ing the Government themselves cut the levees
and made it necessary for the United States to
cut them, now you propose to rebuild them
and tax your constituents to do it;. and the
Senator from Kentucky can see nothing but
malignity in a refusal to do it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Not exactly, Mr.. Presi-
dent. All the malignity I think is engendered
and resting in the gentleman's bosom.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator thinks that
the malignity is with me. When an appropri-
ation goes into the pockets of the men who
fought the country, it is malice to oppose it!
When an appropriation is asked for the Niag-
ara ship-canal, to promote the ^commerce of
the country and the general welfare of the
nation among all its people, the Senator from
Kentucky can oppose it. I never opposed a
proper appropriation for the improvement of
trie Mississippi river. This is not an appro-
priation for the improvement of that river. It
may incidentally confine the waters to a nar-
rower channel; but that is not the object of
this appropriation, and the Senator knows it.
Its object is to protect the farms of men who
Slew our brothers and our children, who brought
war upon the country and desolation upon the
land. Not one acre of this ground belongs to
this Government; not one acre of this land
scarcely, I think I may say, probably not a
single plantation, belongs to a man true to«the
flag of his country. Who owns this land that
you propose to appropriate this money for?
Who owned it when this rebellion was inau-
gurated ? Who fired upon the vessels going
down the Mississippi river except the owners
of these plantations? And it is malignant not
to tax the people of this country now to pro-
tect these farmers 1 The object of this appro-
priation, and the Senatorfrom Kentucky knows
it as well as I, is not to improve the Mississippi
river; and there is not in the history of this
Government—and he cannot find it there by
my vote or the vote of any Congress—a prece-
dent for such an appropriation as this ; and
he, claiming to be guided by the Constitution,
claiming to vote for nothing that the Consti-
39tii Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 25(5.
tution will not warrant, finds no difficulty in
voting money out of the Treasury for the pur-
pose of reclaiming, as he calls it, the lands
belonging to private individuals.
Sir, so far as the Constitution of the country
is concerned and the authority to pass this bill
is concerned, it is a matter wholly immaterial
whether the owners of these lands were loyal
or disloyal. I deny the authority as much in
the one case as in-the other, I would not vote
a dollar from the national Treasury to protect
the farms in Illinois from the overflows of the
Mississippi river. I have seen in that State
hundreds and thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of acres of as rich land as the sun shines
upon inundated by the floods of the Mississippi
river time and again, and I never thought of
coming into Congress and asking for an appro-
priation from the Federal Government to pro-
tect the settlers upon those bottom lands. Sir,
with the same propriety I might ask it. I do
not put it upon the ground that the men who
own these lands were once disloyal or are dis-
loyal now. I stated that as one circumstance;
but that does not affect- the constitutional
power. If they were as loyal as my own con-
stituents I would not vote a dollar for such a
purpose; and the distinction between an ap-
propriation to improve the Mississippi river, a
great highway of commerce, or to improve the
passage from the lakes to the ocean, another
great highway of commerce, and an appropri-
ation for such a purpose as that now under
consideration is very manifest.
Now,-sir, it is not because this appropria-
tion is made to affect people in the southern
States that I object to it. I think I have as
kindly feelings toward the people of the south-
ern States as the Senator from Kentucky him-
self. I am for doing justice to that people. I
am for treating them liberally. I am for treating
them kindly. I am as desirous as he or any
other member of the Senate at the earliest prac-
ticable moment, when it can be done with safety
to the whole country, to welcome nil the people
into the Union, into the constitutional relations
with the Union, and to receive their representa-
tives here. I have manifested no such dispo-
sition as warrants the Senator in assuming that
I am actuated by malignant feelings or that
there is a concentration in myself of all the
malignity of the country as against the peo-
ple of the southern States. I have advocated
upon this floor doing justice to all the loyal
men of that country. I have been in favor of
paying loyal men for the supplies that our
armies took. I have advocated such a bill
here; and on no occasion, if the Senator will
search my action in this body, will he find that
I ever placed my opposition to a measure upon
the ground that it was to benefit one section
of the country or another. I place it upon
the ground that it must benefit loyal men. I
will do nothing to benefit and aid the disloyal.
But, sir, 1 care not, if it be a proper measure,
what particular section of the country is to be
benefited by it, and I will vote to improve the
Mississippi river, if it needs it, as quickly in
Louisiana as in Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, T shall vote
for this proposition, although I believe the sum
proposed is utterly inadequate to accomplish
the purpose intended. I believe it will cost
several million dollars to do the needed work
on the Mississippi river; and I should be will-
ing, as we have imposed a large tax upon
cotton, that in the States of Arkansas, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana, a certain amount received
from that taxation should go to improve that
river and to secure the lands bordering upon it.
The Government of the United States imme-
diately after the close of the war thought it so
important to do something on this river that
General Humphreys was sent down the river,
and the armed forces of the United States were
employed for some time in this work. For my-
self, I propose simply to act in regard to this
river, that portion of it in the late rebel States,
as I would were that portion of it in any other
section of the country. It is not for us here
to act in any other light than to comprehend
the entire country, and deal with every section!
of the country alike. I go as for as any mail
in requiring all needed guarantees m the Gov-
ernment of this country before the roadims-
sion of the representatives of the rebel-States
into these Chambers, but while I do that; I be-
lieve it to be our duty in all our legislation so to
legislate as to improve and develop that -sec-,
tion of the couhtry as well as all other sec-
tions of the cotmtry. It has suffered greatly
by this rebellion—the fault was theirs, and the
punishment is theirs; but the war is over; the
rebellion is cruslied; the Government has com-
plete control over every part of the country. I
would not permit their late action in any way
to influence our legislation here. I believe the
good of the country requires that this measure
should pass, and I shall vote for it cheerfully.
Mr. HENDERSON. As a member of the
select committee that recommended this ap-
propriation, I desire to state very briefly the
reasons for it. I shall vote for this appropri-
ation very chccrfully, not with a view of aid-
ing and assisting the rebels or those men who
fired on the steamers in 1861, because I ap-
prehend that I was as much opposed to those
men as the honorable Senator from Illinois or
any other person. I believe that the power to
make this appropriation is ample. I do not
doubt it. I did not doubt the power to make
an appropriation to keep from starvation the
.whites and the blacks of the southern States,
and I vol ed for the bill appropriating money for
that purpose. I regret very much that when
an appropriation is asked for a purpose which
is proper within itself we find many gentlemen
suggesting that our Government is too limited
to make it. I regret very much that often-
times when we desire power to do that which
is absolutely necessary for the protection of
the Government itself, as has occurred repeat-
edly within the lastfive or six years, gentlem^ji
can find no authority whatever to even save
the life of the Government. There is nothing
of that sort here; the life of the Government
is not in danger whether this appropriation be
made or be not made; and I appreciate the
force of the argument made against it, that as
a general thing it is an exceedingly bad policy
to make such appropriations, and 1 do not
think I would ever make another one like it.
But what are ths circumstances now? Per-
haps similar circumstances will never exist
again.
The Senator from Illinois mistakes when he
supposes that this appropriation is exclusively
for the benefit of disloyal men. I apprehend
that he will find that a majority of the men
who will cultivate cotton the next year in the
protected region will not be disloyal but loyal
men, and a majority of the men who will cul-
tivate sugar in the protected region will be
loyal and not disloyal men. But, sir, I appre-
hend that that makes but little difference; I
apprehend that that does not affect the ques-
tion of power; and I doubt whether it affects
the question of expediency. -
What have we done during this session of
Congress? I stood hero protesting against it,
but how many votes d'd 1 get ? The honora-
ble Senator from Illinois did not give me his.
I protested that it was bad policy to levy a
tax of three cents a pound on raw cotton, but
it carried. Now, will the Senator from Illi-
nois, or any other Senator, tell me whether
there is a tax levied upon the agricultural
productions of any other section of the Union?
Is any other agricultural production taxed but
cotton ? That is the only one. Why was that
tax levied ? I leave to honorable Senators to
determine for themselves. We have'the report
of at least one Union officer, who has carefully
investigated this matter, who tells us that with-
out this protection there will be a failure to
grow six hundred thousand bales of cotton
next year. We know that no cotton has been
grown this year in the region attempted to be
protected by this appropriation, and there call
be none next year unless this protection is
given. How is it to"be done? Unless we do
it, it will not be done at all. Now, how much
#
