1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4083
value, and the tax on sugar is a cent a pound,
about one tenth. Then if we get eleven mil-
lions in taxes, the product itself would be
worth $110,000,000; and an investment of
only a million and a half is necessary to realize
that. Did my friend from Nevada ever know
of any investments like that in his country ?
Quit your gold mining, come over here, and
enter into this arrangement. If the Senator
from Missouri has full faith in his figures that
oiie hundred and ten millions will be realized
from an investment of a million and a half,
why should the Government touch the thing?
why not leave it to private capitalists?^ If I
had any money I should be very glad to invest
in an enterprise of this kind if my faith was
equal to that of the Senator from Missouri.
I have heard of no enterprise in oildom or in
the gold regions to equal this. One hundred
and ten millions in a single year from an in-
vestment of only $1,500,000!
Mr. CLARK. Let us come to a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
come to a vote at once. If there is going to
be such a profit as that to the nation, let the
Senate vote it.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Illinois takes a view of a single point of this
subject, as he is prone too often to do in rela-
tion to other subjects. Now, he presents the
profit upon an investment of $1,500,000 to the
Government, and he loses sight entirely of the
other large classes of investment in this matter.
How much is the land worth? From fifty to
one hundred dollars an acre. How much is
the labor worth? One hand, from one hundred
and fifty to two hundred dollars a year. How
much is there invested in agricultural imple-
ments, how much in stock, how much in pro-
visions? Fifty fold as much as the Government
is asked to appropriate for the purpose of re-
constructing these levees; and all this large
investment outside of this meager amount of
appropriation from the Government is on the
individual credit and funds of the planter.
But, Mx-. President, I rose to present one
point of this case that has not yet been presented
in the argument. It was once my fortune to
reside upon the banks of the Mississippi as a
cotton planter for a short time, and I know the
matter by experience and observation. These
levees sometimes are sixty feet in width at the
base and they are ten or fifteen feet in height.
They extend for miles and miles along the mar-
gin of the river, and at some stages of the river
it is a common sight to see the steamboats mov-
ing along upon the river three or four feet higher
than the cotton fields that are blooming and
expanding their white folds on either bank.
Why is this? The water is fenced into its nat-
ural channel by these numerous and gigantic
levees, and in that way the navigation of the
river is improved, the flow of the water is con-
fined to a narrow and restricted channel, and
the effect of this confinement is that the bosom
of the water flows sometimes several feet above
the surface of the cotton fields on either side
the torrent in full cultivation.
Now, Mr. President, what is the Mississippi ?
It is one of our great natural channels of com-
merce. I have heard it called, not inaptly,
the Mediterranean of the United States. The
commerce that flows upon its bosom is bound-
less in its quantity and in its value. Along this
great natural channel of commerce is it not
legitimate and constitutional for the General
Government of the United States to appro-
priate money to improve the navigation of this
Mediterranean'of the United States?
This magnificent river disembogues itself
into the Gulf by six or seven different chan-
nels, These channels fill up with sand. No
man can comprehend the character of that
stream who has not looked upon it day after
day, and seen the mighty forces that are oper-
ating upon it in the movement continually of
sand, the filling of channels, the formation of
embankment" upon one side and the inunda-
tion of lands xpon the other. I ask the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois if it is not a per-
fectly legitimate exercise of power for Con-
gress to appropriate money for improving the
navigation of this mighty stream. What has
been done by Congress for the Delaware? A
vast sum of money was appropriated to build
a magnificent breakwater. Why? To improve
the navigation of that stream and to construct
an artificial harbor for the protection of com-
merce.
The honorable Senator from Michigan struck
the right key when he said -that Congress has
the power to make this appropriation under
the provision of the Constitution which invests
in Congress the authority to regulate commerce
among the several States. When these levees
have the effect at many points and for miles
and hundreds of miles upon that magnificent
river to circumscribe the waters within its
channel, so that they shall float several feet
above vast cotton fields and sugar plantations,
and in that way improve the navigation of the
stream by increasing the depth of the water,
what appropriation can be more legitimate,
and wiser, and more constitutional, than for
the purpose of repairing these vast levees that
confine this stream within its natural channel?
The honorable Senator from Illinois says
that there is no power in Congress to make
this appropriation. Let me put a case. I have
voted again and again for protective-tariff bills.
One of the main incidental objects of such bills
was to increase the profits of our manufac-
turers. If any gentleman were asked, has
Congress the power to appropriate money to in-
crease the profits of its manufacturers, ho would
answer in the negative ; but Congress has power
to raise taxes by levying imposts upon foreign
goods imported into the country, and as inci-
dental to this power to levy taxes upon foreign
importations, we discriminate so as to afford
protection to certain manufactured articles.
T was always taught that policy by the great
father of the American system, and as one of
the humblest of his pupils I have often voted
in obedience to that lesson. The honorable
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Spraguu]
or his father and other northern manufacturers
have again and again by my votes had the pro-
fits of their business increased incidentally in
imposing taxes discriminating upon articles,
with a view to protect domestic manufacturers
when we had no power whatever to give any
such direct protection.
The honorable Senator from Illinois will
concede that as a great national channel of
commerce we have a right to vote money to
improve the passes at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river. As they fill up with sand, we
have ordered dredging machines and other ap-
paratus'to be made to dredge out and to deepen
those channels, and to open up the commerce
from the Gulf to New Orleans, the emporium
of the Southwest. We have a right to appro-
priate money to build these levees originally
for the purpose of confining the water to the
natural channel of the river, and to deepen that
water, and to enable our commerce to float
more commodiously upon it to that great south-
western emporium. When we have the power
to do this directly for the purpose of improving
the navigation upon the stream, if incidentally
and collaterally to that we see vast fields where
formerly grew cotton and sugar submerged, and
in consequence of being submerged not fit to
be cultivated, have we not a right at the time
we prepare these levees for the purpose of im-
proving the navigation of the stream, to look
incidentally to the protection from overflow of
the cotton and sugar fields ? Certainly we have ;
and in that point of view the appropriation is
legitimate, and it results constitutionally and
properly from the power of Congress to regulate
commerce among the several States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I shall
vote for this appropriation upon the ground
that it is made to repair war damages. Our
troops and forces went into the country in
question and cut the banks and produced ex-
tensive damage. We have reliable estimates
that it will require some four or five million
dollars for the purpose of repairing these
leveeswhieh have been injured. Now, it seems
to me that a contribution by the Government
of the United States of a million and a half
will be a very reasonable contribution to this
general object, in view of the fact that our
Government in conducting its military opera-
tions is partly responsible for the result which
has happened. But I desire to be distinctly
understood that I do not by this vote assent to
the proposition that in future times improve-
ments of this Character on the Mississippi river
shall be charged upon the national Treasury. '
I consider this as a measure temporary in its
nature, growing out of or following upon the
war; and that in making this appropriation we
do nothing more than contribute a reasonable
sum from the Treasury repairing the injury
which we caused in carrying on our pubic pur-
poses and objects in the late war. Upon this
distinct ground, at least, I desire to place my
vote.
Mr. CLARK. I hope Senators now will let
us come to a vote upon the matter if agree-
able to them.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken I
desire to say that I should vote against this
measure if I were at liberty to do so, but I am
paired with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Kibk-
wood.]
Mr. GRIMES. On this subject I am paired
with the Senator from Maine now absent, [Mr.
Morrill.] I am against the appropriation,
and he is for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 7 ; as follows :
YEAS—Mcssrs.Buckalew, Clark, Cowan. Creswell,
Davis, Doolittlo, Edmunds, Foster, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Lane,
McDougall, Ncsmith, Norton, Nye, Poland, Ram-
sey, ltiddlo, Stewart, Van Winkle, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yatos—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Morgan,Pomeroy, Sher-
'man, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Crown,Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin, JJixoti, Fesscnden, Grimes, Howe, Kirkwood,
Morrill, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
'Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by adding several additional sections which I
send to the Chair.
The amendment was read as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That to each and
eveiy soldier who seived in the armies of the United
States in the late war of the rebellion, without dis-
tinction of color or race, and who has been or who
may hereafter bo honorably discharged therefrom,
thero shall be paid, except as hereinafter specified, a
bounty of eight and one third dollars per month for
each and every month of service rendered: Provided,
That troops known as home Guards, or other vol-
unteer troops, organized for local service, which are
now excluded from bounties by the rulings of the
War Department or under the terms of their enlist-
ment, shall not participate in the bounties provided
by tins act or any part thereof; but this exclusion
shall not apply to those volunteers legalized as mus-
tered into the three-year scrvice of the United States
under an act making an appropriation for complet-
ing the defenses of Washington, and for other pur-
poses, approved February 13,18G2.
Sue. — And be it farther enacted, That in calculating
the amount of bounty due and to be paid to each
soldier under the provisions of this act, deductions
shall bo made tor any and all payments of bounty
made or agreed to be made by the United States, so
that in no case will any soldier receive a greater sum
in bounty than eight and one third dollars fur each
or any month of service: and no bounty whatever
shall bo paid to or on account of any soldier, sailor,
or marine who served as a substitute in the Army,
Navy, or Marine corps, or who has deserted from the
service, or who was a capturcd prisoner of war at the
time of enlistment, or who has been discharged at
his own request unless for transfer to the Navy, or for
the purpose of accepting promotion or appointment
in the Army or Navy, or after two years' service, or
who has been discharged at the request of parents,
guardians, or other peisons, or on the ground of mi-
nority: Provided, That any soldier discharged from
the scrvice on account of wounds received in battle,
on picket, or skirmish, or in the line of duty else-
where than in actual conflict, and the widow or heirs
of any soldier who may have died while in the ser-
vice of the United States, shall be entitled to the
same bounty as though such soldier had served out
his full term of enlistment. ,
Sec. — And be it further enacted. That any soldier
who has bartered, sold, assigned, transferred, loaned,
exchanged, or given away his final discharge papers,
or any interest, in the bounty provided by, this or any
other act of Congress, shall not be entitled to re-
ceive any bounty whatever under this act; ana wnen
application is made by any soldier tor said bounty,
he shall be required, under the pains and_ penalties
ot perjury, to make oath or affirmation ot his identity,
and that he has not so bartered, sold, assigned, trans-
ferred, exchanged, loaned, or given away either his
discharge papers or any interest in any bounty as
