1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. Chairman, in the dis-
cussion of the important issues now tinder con-
sideration, it may be well for us to recur briefly
to first principles ; and I feel gratified that
the honorable and learned gentleman from
Ohio has given us so lucid and able an expo-
sition of the polity of our Government. The
people of the United States constitute a nation-
ality ; the Government the machinery by which or
through which they exercise the powers of the
national sovereignty. The operations of this
■sovereignty are not affected by State lines—no
State Legislature, Executive, or convention,
having the right to alter, annul, repeal, or hin-
der the execution of any constitutional law of
Congress, or to change the practical relations
of the fcitizens within its limits to the national
Government.
"This Constitution'and tholaweofthoUnited States
which shall 1)0 made in pursuance thereof, and all
treaties, &c.," ■< * * ' shall be the su-
preme law of the land," * aSy"
thins? in tho constitution or laws of any btate to tho
contrary notwithstanding."— Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, Article (i.
The so-called ordinances of secession adopted
by ,the people of some of the southern States
are of no more legal effect by way of dissolving
their allegiance to tho General or national Gov-
ernment than the blank paper upon which tliey
are written; otherwise they might be plead in
bar of a prosecution by the Government for
treason against any citizen who had his resi-
dence within the limits of such Slate—a defense
which I presume even the chief of secessionists
would not now gravely offer. No citizen can
expatriate himself and yet remain within the ter-
ritorial limits of the Government to which he
owes allegiance. An individual becomes or is
a citizen of the United States by virtue of his
relations to the national Government, and not
by virtue of his being a citizen of one of the
United States. The Union is tho nation, and
to the Government of the Union within its con-
stitutional scope and authority is our allegiance
due. It is, nevertheless, true that we owe an
allegiance to' our Slate governments acting
within their limits as prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States.
These principles being true, it follows that
the rebellion was never limited by State lines.
Its limits were never defined by legislation,
but its authority was extended as far as its
power could carry it, whether over entire States
or parts of States, or whether the people of
those States had ever adopted the farce of an
ordinance of secession or not. The right of
separate State secession we never recognized.
It never did and does not exist in our form of
Government. No Government ever did, ever
will, or ever can vest anywhere tho power to
destroy itself, for tho mere vesting of sueli power
would be its destruction. Wo were compelled,
however, for four long and dark years, to ac-
cord a respect, however reluctant, to the power
of the rebellion. There is a disposition, with
some, to attach to these ordinances of seces-
sion a legal importance to which they are by
no means entitled. Tho President in his res-
toration policy takes up tho several State gov-
ernments which were overthrown by tho re-
bellion as they stood immediately prior to the
adoption of these several ordinances, confirm-
ing all that was done by them prior to this time,
and repudiating all that was done subsequently.
This may not be positively objectionable, pro-
vided" we are not misled by it into an undue
respect for those ordinances, considering them
as only the starting points, the acts of rebel-
lion, by which the several State- governments
were overthrown or perverted from their proper
relations to the national Government. This is
a convenient prominent act from which to date
the rebellion in tho several States in which such
ordinances were adopted, but is not sustained
by the facts as the first act, in any such State,
of organized rebellion and treason.
The organizing of a military force hostile to
the United States, and appropriations for their
payment, the seizure of United States forts and
other public property, and other acts of vio-
lence in all the States comprising the late so-
called confederate States of America, preceded
the adoption of the ordinances of secession.
Thus Georgia State troops seized Forts Pulaski
and Jackson, and the United States arsenal at
Savannah, January 2, 1861, though the ordi-
nance of secession was not passed until Janu-
ary 19,1861. In Alabama, Port Morgan and the
United States arsenal at Mobil e were seized Jan-
uary 4, and the ordinance of secession adopted
on the 11th. The Louisiana forts and arse-
nal were seized by State troops on the Hth of
January, though the ordinance of secession was
not adopted until the 26th. And so on through-
out the entire catalogue. The act _ was not an
original act of or attempt at secession, but was
briginally an act of rebellion and secession, and
was subsequently brought to its aid as one means
of giving it strength by uniting the people in its
support, just as the military despotism, the reign
of terror, inaugurated by the leaders, was an-
other means, looking to the same end.
These ordinances could not bind the con-
science nor determine the allegiance of indi-
viduals, nor extend the authority of the rebel-
lion to State lines, when the power of the
rebellion was not sufficient to maintain it there;
and individuals are none the more or less trai-
tors, and the people were none the more or
less in rebellion because such ordinances were
or were not adopted in their States. The peo-
ple of the State of Virginia adopted an ordi-
nance of secession ; tho people of the States
of Kentucky, Missouri, and Maryland did not;
yet the northwestern portion of Virginia, com-
prising most of what is now West Virginia, was
more truly loyal, maintained its relations to tho
national Government better, and rendered to
it a more cheerful support in its measures and
policy for crushing the rebellion, than certain
districts in each of the other three States men-
tioned. The people of Virginia adopted an
ordinance of secession, but those of northwest-
ern Virginia never rebelled. The people of Ma-
ryland," Kentucky, and Missouri never adopted
such ordinances, but those of portions of each
joined the rebellion; and it is certainly attach-
ing a legal importance to these ordinances not
justified by the principles and polity of our Gov-
ernment to subject the people of loyal West
Virginia to pains and penalties from which
those of the disloyal and rebellious portions of
those other States are exempt, as was done in
tho case of returning rebels, after the surren-
der; and for no reason except that the people
of Virginia adopted an ordinance of secession.
Certain of the State governments were over-
thrown by the rebellion just as was the national
Government wherever the power of the rebel-
lion extended. The States were not, and could
not, be parties to the rebellion, because they
are net subjects of the national Government.
Individuals, citizens, you and I, are subjects of
the Governments, both State and national. We
may commit treason against either or both, and,
may overthrow cither or both by different or the
same overt act, by which we subject ourselves
to tho pains and penalties of treason, and forfeit
the rights of citizenship—ay, the right to life it-
self—under either or both ; but tho rights and
powers of the Government are in no way affected
b v our treason, except so far as they may be para-
lyzed for a time by the blow we strike at their
life; and the doctrine that the States have com-
mitted felo de sc, or self-murder, is not only
monstrous within itself, but subversive of the
vital principles of our Government, and fraught
with many dangers. Wo must preserve the an-
cient landmarks for our own security and pro-
tection, for we know not how soon we may need
to use them in our own defense. e know not
in what form, or in what direction, the next
attack may come, if come it ever shall, which
Heaven forbid. But I warn you that this doc-
trine is too near of kin to secession for us to
take it to our bosoms; and that self-interest
and personal aggrandizement are more potent
influences with ambitious and unprincipled men
than climate, soil, or latitude.
As before stated, the authority of the rebel-
lion was extended wherever its power could
carry it; and I here protest against the use of
the expression, so common, that States were in
rebellion. A certain disaffected jJCrtion.pf the;
people of the United States, extending over a
large section of its territory, go -into a rebellion,
under the auspices and power of which they,
inaugurate a government in lieu of that of the
United States, and subvert thfe State govern-
ments within the extent of their usurped- juris-;
diction, and make them subservient to their
purposes. The States (as such) of- Virginia,;
Tennessee, and Arkansas, were no more, ia
rebellion, when overrun by rebel hordes, thaa-
were those of Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri,,
and of, Pennsylvania, under similar circum-
stances ; and if the constitutional and legal'
rights of loyal citizens of the United States in.
the States and districts in which a majority of
the resident population joined the rebellion,
differ in any wise from those where all were
loyal, (if such could be found,) but overrun for
a time, I confess the distinction is too refined
and metaphysical for my comprehension. Tho
governments of Maryland and Pennsylvania
were never absolutely under rebel control, but
the people of certain districts within those States
know what it is to obey rebel orders; their local
municipal regulations, both State and national,
were for a time overthrown, but immediately
upon regaining thepower they were "restored,"
and who questioned the authority of the loyal
people to restore them? The .governments of
Kentucky and Missouri were overthrown, were
in the possession and under the control of those
engaged in the rebellion—at least they had, for
a time', possession of the capitals of those States,
and among them those whom they recognized
as tho Governors of these States with their Legis-
latures—and they never had any government
anywhere recognized by any power to earth
except themselves. And if I am hot mistaken,
these States were, at some time, by some one
and in some way, annexed to the confederacy.
At least I well remember, that when campaign-
ing down South, the rebel ladies, in singing
"the Bonnie Blue Flag," did most emphat-
ically claim that the constellation had grown
from one to thirteen stars; and that to make
these they did count Kentucky and Missouri;
and my impression is and always was, that
"tho Bonnie Blue Mag," asserted by such
authority, was and is as binding upon the citi-
zens of Kentucky and Missouri as ever were the
so-called ordinances of secession upon those of
Virginia, South Carolina, or Texas; and that
they all deserve to be subjected to equal disa-
bilities. And then, you know, they raised a
terrible wail for "Maryland, my Maryland,"
to such an extent that, if I remember correctly,
General Lee did annex it, by proclamation,
during one of his raids. I have no information
as to whether John Morgan and the St.^Albans
raiders annexed Indiana, Ohio, and Vermont
to the confederacy or not, but if they did not
they were certainly very forgetful of their duty
as conquerors; but whether they did or not, I
conceive, does "neither good nor harm."
But who questioned the right of the loyal
people of these States torecstahlish their gov-
ernments in their respective capitals when they
recovered the power to do so? _ And where is
the difference in the principle involved in the
condition of these States and of those yet unrep-
resented upon tins floor? Those yet unrepre-
sented were a while wholly instead of partially
overrun, and were longer under rebel control;
but are the rights of loyal .citizens destroyed
by "the law's delay," or by the inability of the
Government to which they bear allegiance to
extend to them, for a time, its protection and
support? In what, then, consists the difference
in principle, except it be in the single fact that
in the one class ordinances of secession (so
called) were adopted, and in the other were
Sir, those who accord to those ordinances an
importance so essential and vital as this, are, in
my humble opinion, not one whit less diaunion-
ists in theory and principle than those who
adopted them. But we are seriously told upon
the floor of this House, by those claiming to
be par excdlcnce the friends of the L nion, that
