1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
California cannot be prosperous like those
States that pursue that course with their popu-
lation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order of the
day, upon which the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Saclsbury] is entitled to the floor.
APPORTIONMENT OP REPRESENTATION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H, R. No. 51) proposing to amend the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY addressed the Senate in
opposition to the resolution. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mx. SUMNER. I wish to be heard upon
this_ subject again before the debate closes,
hoping to have an opportunity of reviewing the
different propositions before the Senate. 1 am
not ready to go on this afternoon, and I doubt
if the Senate would be willing to listen to me
now, even if I were ready. I understand that
there is other business wliieh Senators would
be glad to bring forward, and therefore, if there
is no objection, I move that the pending ques-
tion bepostponeduntil to-morrow atoneo'clock
and made the special order for that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I of course shall not
oppose that motion, as the Senator says that he
will be ready to go on to-morrow and is not
ready now; but it becomes my duty to give
notice to the Senate that I must press a vote on
this subject. I think I shall be liable to the
charge of being remiss in my duty if I do not
urge the matter to a vote pretty soon. I believe
most of the members of the Senate have made
speeches on the subject, and we ought now to
conclude it within a day or two. Gentlemen
who are ready to proceed after to-day must be
prepared to finish their speeches abruptly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that the further consideration
of this joint resolution be postponed to and
made the special order of the day for to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R.No. 37) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1867 ; and
A bill (H. li~. No. 3-58) to amend an act to
extend the charter of the president and direct-
ors of the Firemen's Insurance Company of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting, in answer to
the resolutions of the Senate of the 5th of Jan-
uary and 27th of February, reports from the
Secretaries of State and War giving informa-
tion in relation to the provisional governors of
States; which, on motion of Mr. Sumxek, was
referred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 27t,h
of February, a report from the Secretary of
War communicating the reports of the assist-
ant commissioners of the Freedmen's Bureau
made since December 1. 18G5.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that that commu-
nication, with the accompanying documents,
be referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction, and printed.
Mr. WTLSON. I suggest that the subject
of the freedmen is now before the Committee
on Military Affairs. We have two bills on that
subject before us.
Mr. MORRILL. I supposed that the facts
in these reports might be important to the
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. I have no ob-
jection to that reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine that this communication, with the ac-
companying documents, be referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction, and pi-inted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that no prop-
osition was made to print. Those documents
seem to be very voluminous.
Mr. MORRILL. They are not very volu-
minous.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is not a regular
report from a bureau or a Department, as I
understand. I wish to inquire whether the
motion was to print them.
Mr. MORRILL. It was. I thought they
were very brief.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the motion
to be to refer the communication to the com-
mittee of fifteen.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was about to say that
when the communication and accompanying
documents are referred to the committee, if
the committee find them to be of sufficient im-
portance to justify the expense of printing, of
course 1 shall not object; but I suggest whether
we ought to order the printing before the Senate
knows anything about them, this not being a
regular report from a bureau or Department.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the motion to
print.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
to print being withdrawn, the question wiil be
on referring the communication and (he accom-
panying documents to the committee on recon-
struction.
Mr- FESSENDEN. I should like to know
who offered the resolution calling for these
documents.
Mr. MORRILL. I did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Your object was to
furnish information to the committee on recon-
struction.
Mr. MORRILL. It was. I had reason to
believe that the information was important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be impossible
for us to look over them understandingly and
be able to read them in a written form.
Mr. JOHNSON. As one of the committee
of fifteen I agree with the honorable member
from Maine. The object of the call was, I sup-
pose, to refer whatever might be sent under
that call to that committee, and I understand
the motion is now made to refer it to the com-
mittee. If the purpose is to enable the com-
mittee to act upon any of the subjects commit-
ted to it with the information contained in
that report before them, it will be absolutely
necessary to print it, and the only question is,
whether we shall print it now or whether ihe
committee, after they shall have received the
papers under the motion to refer, shall ask to
have them printed. It will save time, I think,
to have them printed now, and I renew the
motion to print.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that this communication, with the accompany-
ing documents, be referred to the committee
on reconstruction, and that the documents be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE RILLS KEJEIiltED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 37) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30tlx of June, 18G7—to the
Committee on Finance.
A bill (TI. R. No. 358) to amend an act to
extend the charter of the president and direct-
ors of the Firemen's Insurance Company pf
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia—to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
ORDER OJ? BUSINESS.
Mr. CONNESS. _ There being some time
now, Iaskthe attention of the Senate for a while
to the consideration of two bills reported from
the Committee on Public Lands which are of
considerable interest to my State. The first is
the bill (S. No. 125) granting aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the town of Folsom to the town of Placervillo,
in the State of California. I move that the bill
be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
read.
The PRESIDENT_pn> tempore. The Chair
is advised that the bill which has just been read
is in the hands of the Committee on Public
Lands by vote of the Senate, and has not yet
been reported.
Mr. CONNESS. I movOj then, to discharge
the committee from its consideration.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no! You had better let
the committee act.
Mr. CONNESS. I can explain the matter
to the Senate in a moment. There are two bills
providing for the building of a branch of the
Pacific railroad from the State of Nevada, by
what is known as the Placervillo route, over the
Sierra Nevada mountains, but in the hands of
two companies, The bill proposing the grant
from Nevada to Placerville has been reported,
andl supposed this bill had been reported also;
they are or ought to be exactly alike, and if
they are not, can readily be made to conform
each to the other. The committee, it seems,
have reported the one bill and not the other, of
which 1 was not aware. If now the committee
be discharged from the consideration of this
bill, wo can make it conform to the other.
Mr. CLAUK. I suggest, to the Senator from
California that some of us who are not upon
the committee, when we examine these mat-
ters, are obliged very much to rely upon the
report of the committee, and it is much more
satisfactory to have the report, though the case
may be entirely as the Senator says. It is bet-
ter always to have a bill of this importance come
from the appropriate committee in its due
course.
Mr. POME ROY. The general provisions of
this bill have met the approval of the commit-
tee, but they desire to introduce quite a number
of amendments, as they have done in the other
bill referred to by the Senator from California.
They have notyel, however, completed this bill;
it has not been reported. There is nothing ob-
jectionable in the bill, but a few amendments
are needed to make it conform to our general
legislation. The amendments are slight and
can be made in the Senate; but I did not sup-
pose the bill was to be considered before the
committee reported it, though I have no objec-
tion to that course if it is deemed best.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to 1110 that there can
be no sneli haste about it as would require the
bill to be taken out of the hands of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, as there is objec-
tion to the course proposed, let the bill lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand that the motion to discharge
the committee is withdrawn?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; and now I pro-
pose to go on with the consideiation of the other
bill which has been reported relating to the same
road.
Mr. CLARK. I was about to ask the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of the
House joint resolution giving the consent of
Congress to the annexation of the two counties
of Jefferson and Berkeley to the State of West
Virginia, which is a matter of some importance,
as t understand there may be a conflict of juris-
diction in the two counties, and it is dcsnable
that the question should be settled by Congress
giving its consent. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia is not so desirous of pressing his bill at
the present time as to interfere with it, I should
like to call up that resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. It is of great consequence
that we get the action of the Senate oi> the
