3124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IB,
and they have not yet got one foot of land, be-
cause there was none for them; it was all taken
by settlors.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator how
much land there is in the State of Kansas in
the other two hundred miles that that railroad
company will get.
Mr. POMEROY. It will got just about five
sections to the mile, one half of what it would
be entitled to if the land were not taken by
settlors
Mr. HENDRICKS. And how much that
will be nobody can tell. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office estimates the entire
amount of lands granted to the Pacific Railroad
Company at thirty-five million acres.
Mr. POMEROY. That is through to Cali-
fornia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The State of Kansas,
by direct grant to herself has received two
million five hundred thousand acres. We can-
not estimate what portion of the thirty-five
million acres granted to the Pacific railroad
will be within the limits of Kansas for the con-
struction of that railroad within tliut State ;
but there is a portion of the thirty-live millions;
so that the Senator is not justified in saying to
the Senate thai the State of Kansas has received
less lands than the other States.
Mr. POMKliOY. I ask the Senator if the
State has received one acre of that. Does the
Commissioner report that we have actually re-
ceived one acre ? It is only his estimate that
we shall do it after the road is built.
^ Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a grant of land.
The grant is complete. If the road be not
built of course the lands will not be realized
by the company undertaking to build it. The
point, the Senator made tiie other day, as I
understand it, was that I charged against the
Slate of Kansas what was granted to the Pa-
cific luiilroad Company, and that that was
granted, not to the Stale, but to the company.
What dili'erenee does it make to the land in-
terest of the country ? If Congress sees fit to
giant land to a eorpoiation in the State of
Kansas, that is not to be charged to the State
of Kansas as a portion of the public lands go-
ing to make important improvements in that
State. Why, sir, that principle would exclude
us from considering as against the State of
Kansas the grant that. Il is now proposed to
make, for that is not a grant, to the State of
Kansas for her own benefit, but this is a grant
to a corporation in the State of Kansas.
Tin! Senator told the Senale, the other day
that this was like the usual grants to States for
railroad purposes. The Senator misunderstood
the language which he used himself. This bill is
a grant to theStateol Kansas for the benefit of
a particular company; and in that particular
it is altogether different from the other grants
that have been made. Wc make grants to
States and give the entire grant to the control
ot the State, and say that that State may trans-
fer the grant to whatever corporation she
pleases. I ask the attention of the Senate to
the language used in this bill, ''for the par-
pose of aiding (he Kansas and Neosho Valley
Railroad Company"—a particular company
that Congress knows nothing about. Wo can
not, tell what the company is by even reading
the laws ol Kansas, it, is not a company that
is chartered by ail act of Kansas. I under-
stand thai, il is a company organized under
some general law of the State of Kansas ; and
the existence of such a company, its obliga-
tions, its responsibilities, its means, can only
be ascertained by going to the executive de-
partments of the State.
Now, for the purpose of aiding that company
in the construction of this road, the bill pro-
vides, '•there is hereby granted to the State of
Kansas for the use and benefit of said railroad
company.'' Is that like the grants that have
been heretofore made? Three years ago we
granted land lor the construction of a road
from Leavenworth by Lawrence to the south-
ern line of Kansas in the direction of Galves-
ton bay. 1 bat grant was made direct to the
btate, and the State had the control of it. If
she saw fit to give it to one company or an-
other, it was at her pleasure. But this bill
proposes to give it directly to the State, not
for her use, not under her control, but for the
use and benefit of a particular railroad com-
pany, the character and responsibility of which
we know nothing about. It has been the pol-
icy of Congress to place the entire responsi-
bility of these grants with the States—a good
policy. The State can judge of the responsi-
bility of the corporation that proposes to con-
struct the road, whether it is well to trust that
corporation with the control of the land or not;
but this bill proposes, in extraordinary lan-
guage^ to make the State but a trustee, and
a particular railroad company that Congress
knows nothing about the beneficiary. Is Con-
gress prepared to make such a grant as that?
Mr. POMEROY. 'The Senator must be
aware that the State of Kansas has already
granted to this very company one hundred
and twenty-five thousand acres of land. That
fact appeared before the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is not
aware of anything about it. I do not question
it, because the Senator from Kansas states
the fact that the State of Kansas has divided
the five hundred thousand acres granted for
internal improvement purposes, under the act
of 1811, among four railroad companies. So
I understand. We had nothing before the
committee on that subject except the state-
ment of the Senator, which is satisfactory to
me, that in the Legislature there were four
railroad companies represented, and they di-
vided it up, and this particular company that
is to bo benefited by this bill was one of the
companies to whom il was divided, the Legis-
lature giving one hundred and twenty-live thou-
sand acres to one, one hundred and twenty-
five thousand to another, and so on until the
whole live hundred thousand acres were granted
to four different companies.
lint, Mr. President, the Legislature of Kan-
sas has not asked Congress to make a grant of
laud to this company. 1 believe that- in one
ease a Legislature ia advance of a grant of
land by Congress conferred tile grant upon a
particular company, and the General Land
Ollice regarded that as a transfer of the grant
by the Legislature; hut the policy of Congress
is to grant, to the State, that the State may say
what, company shall enjoy the -benefits o'f the
grant,, ami throw the responsibility upon the
Slate, Congress taking no responsibility of say-
ing whether a particular company is solvent
and responsible and enterprising or not. But
here if we make this grant to the State, can the
Stale control il ? You may just, as well make
if direct to the company, because when you
make a grant to A for the benefit of B, A is
but a trustee for 13; the real interest passes to
1). So here the grant is to_ the State of Kansas,
for the use and benefit of a railroad corpora-
tion that, we know nothing about.
But, sir, with the entire surface of Kansas
thus covered by grants of our lands, she now
comes and asks us to make a grant to a rail-
road company where there is scarcely room
upon the map of Kansas to locate the grant,
hor what purpose? The Senator says there
will be but five thousand acres of land altogether
under this grant. 1 do not know that. The
Senator (Iocs not know that. Ilis opinion is
entitled to great respect, but we have not the
statement of the Commissioner of the General
Land Ollice to that ell'ect; wc have no map
before us showing that, fact. At one time, as
a guidance to Congress in its legislation on the
public lands, Congress kept a corps of clerks
who were to keep up the maps showing the
sales of the public lands, and thus Congress,
by glancing at the map, could tell in an instant
how much land would bo granted by any par-
ticular proposition; but that system has been
abandoned and we have no such map before
us, and we have no information from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office as to the
amount of land that will be granted by this act;
but the Senator says but five thousand acres.
Is Congress then going to make a grant of
lands in order to give a company five thousand
lucres of land, seven or ten thousand dollars'
worth of land? For what purpose, I ask Sen-
ators? Do Senators say that that is a substan-
tial aid to build an important railroad? What
purpose can it serve? I said the other day that
I knew of but one purpose that it could serve.
If this corporation is willing to go into the mar-
ket and represent itself as being a land-grant
corporation, taking this bill into the New York
market, it can say, "Here Congress, fora dis-
tance from Kansas City to the southern bound-
ary of the State of Kansas has made us a land-
grant corporation; the State of Kansas cannot
take it away from ns, because we are the bene-
ficiaries under the bill; we come before you
and seek to sell our bonds." Thus this com-
pany may get a credit by the action of Congress
which will enable it to impose upon the busi-
ness community; and for no other purpose can
I see a propriety—certainly no propriety in
that view—in passing this bill. II the Senator
be right that there arc but five thousand acres
falling within the limits of this grant, why will
Senators vote for the bill? Here is a route to
extend from Kansas City to the southern bound-
ary of the Slate, a distance of above one hun-
dred miles, 1 believe. Are Senators willing to
vote for a bill which, upon its face, purports to
grant alternate sections for that distance when
Senators say in advance that there are but five
thousand acres that can pass. Why will you
vote for such a bill? Senators know that that
will not build a road. Senators know that it
will give no substantial support in the building
of a road.
Mr. President, if the Senator be correctly
informed, I will state to the Senate what is the
real purpose of this bill. It is to go down into
the Indian country to secure the right of way
from the southern border of Kansas to the
northern boundary line of Texas and make the
connection which Congress three years ago
agreed might be made by another road; and
upon that subject I will call the attention of
the Senate to the act of the 3d of March, 18G3.
A grant of alternate sections for ten miles on
each side of the road was made on the 3d of
March, 1803, "to the State of Kansas, for the
purpose of aiding in the construction, first,
of a railroad and telegraph from the city of
Leavenworth, by the way of the town of Law-
rence, and via the Ohio City crossing of the
Osage river, to the southern line of the State,
in tiie direction of Galveston bay, in Texas."
[ ask Senators whether there was any commit-
tal by Congress when that grant was made.
Certainly Senators did not expect, that road to
terminate in the wilderness, on the southern
boundary of Kansas ; certainly it was the un-
derstanding of Congress when that bill was
passed, that wo were to aid in the construction
of a road which was to be a through line from
the Missouri river to the Gulf of Mexico, be-
cause we said "by the way of Lawrence to
the southern boundary of Kansas, in the direc-
tion of Galveston bay." It was known to
Congress that Texas was building a road from
Galveston bay in a northern direction, with
which this road would connect when finished.
Mr. POMEROY. I will ask the Senator if
they cannot build that road under this bill as
it is reported, provided they get to the south-
ern lino as soon as other roads do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; that is true;
making a partnership of that which Congress
said two years ago, or at least gave to be un-
derstood, should be the exclusive right of the
company that would commence and build a
road from Leavenworth by Lawrence to the
southern line of the State.
_ Mr. POMEROY. They have no exclusive
right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They have no exclu-
sive right, th e Senator says. Is Congress going
to make a grant this year, to encourage men
to make investments of their money, to en-
courage counties to subscribe stock, to encour-
age men to make surveys, and then next year
make a grant to a road lapping upon it, run-
ning in the same direction and swallowing it*
