1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE].
March 6,
measure to which I have called attention ; and
if the Senator from New Hampshire will allow
it to be considered, I shall be much obliged to
him.
Mr. CLARK. I am not disposed to antag-
onize one measure with another so as to ob-
struct public business; but I think this joint
resolution will take but a very few minutes.
Mr. WILLEY. I have received, within a few
days past, a letter from the Governor of West
Virginia urging as speedy action as may be
consistent with the convenience of the Senate
on the question referred to by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, and informing
me that he anticipates some disagreeable con-
flicts of State authority shortly, unless speedy
action is taken in the premises. I should be
exceedingly glad to have action now.
Mr. CONN ESS. I withdraw my motion.
STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. CLARK. 1" move to take up House
joint resolution No. 17, to which I have alluded.
It will not take long.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, who has charge of
that resolution, that ho assign an early day for
its consideration. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine it, and it is rather an impor-
tant question; one that ought to be investigated
and discussed, that Ave may fully understand it.
1 do not think very many Senators have exam-
ined the subject thoroughly as yet.
Mr. CLAKK. And 1 suppose they will not
as long as it lies under their desks and is not
called up. I propose lo call it up, and then
if it should lead to serious discussion, or there
should be a necessity for delay, it can be laid
over; but I think it had better be called up
and attended to. 1 insist on my motion.
The motion wis agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 17) giving the consent
of Congress to the transfer of the counties of
Berkeley and .Jefferson to 1 he Slate of West
Virginia, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, the question being on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to strike out all of the resolution after
the resolving clause, in these words :
That tho consent of Conericss is hereby Riven lo tho
transfer of tho counties of Berkeley ami .Jefferson
i'lom Virginia to tin) State of \Y<Virginia; that,
tho jurisdiction exorcised overthein by tho Wtato of
West. Virginia be, and is hereby, approved and con-
firmed, and that said counties are, and hcncciorth
bo, part of the Stale of V/e-.t Virginia.
And in lieu thereof to insert these words:
Thai Conpn ess hei cby i eeotfuues (ho ti mister of I lie
counties of [let keley and JolVei\,<>n Ironi tile State of
VirKinia lo West. Virginia, and assents thereto.
Mr. CLAHK. 1 move lo amend (he amend-
ment by striking out ''assenls" mid inserting
"consents" which is the word of the Consti-
tution.
'Die amendment to the amendment was
agreed lo.
Mr. RIDDLE. As the amendment has been
amended, 1 doubt whether the motion I desire
to make is in order. 1 desire to offer a proviso
to the amendment of the committee.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
order.
Mr. RIDDLE. I offer this proviso:
Proviilcd, The question of the annexation of the said
counties to West Viisinia shall ho referred lo a vote
of the people of each of thorn at an election to beheld
on tho .second Tuesday in Slay next by commissioners
to bo appointed by tho Governor ot Virginia, and a
majority of the lc^al voters ot each of the saiti coun-
ties under flic lav/,- of Vii\'ima shall be found in favor
of such annexation.
Mr. CLARK. T desire to say that that lias
already been done in both of the counties. The
people have voted oil the question, and the re-
sult has been in favor of annexation to the State
of West Virginia.
Mr. RIDDLE. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will pardon me, I will state that
out of sixteen hundred voters but fifty voted in
Jefferson county op that proposition. There
are now thirteen hundred voters in the county
since tho abandonment of the armory, and
twelve hundred and fifty of those thirteen
hundred voters have asked that this propo-
sition be presented to the Senate, and their
remonstrance is before the body.
Mr. CLARK. I understand it very well, I
think, Mr. President. It does not appear from
any evidence that has been taken that all the
people in those counties might not have voted
who wished to vote at the time the vote was
taken; but there is no doubt a portion of their
people were in the rebel army fighting against
the country and tho interests of the country
and of those counties, and therefore did not
vote. Now, when they have got back from
their wicked work, they ask that a vote may
be taken that they may defeat this annexation.
For one, I am not disposed to delay for the
purpose of taking the votes of these rebels,
nor to give them an opportunity of voting.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senators will allow me
to suggest here that uuder the laws of West
Virginia they cannot vote,
Mr. RIDDLE. I will merely say that I lived
in Jefferson county during the last year longer
than the Senators from West Virginia have
lived there during their whole lives, and that I
have talked to tho people of that county. I
admit, as the Senator from New Hampshire
has said, that a great many of the people of
J efferson county were in the southern army, but
a great many of them were in the other army.
They went into the southern army nolens vote/is.
Under the southern conscription act they were
compelled to go there,as tho Sena!or would have
been if he had been there and under age. These
men ought lo be heard; and if you refuse them
the right to be heard, 1 think you are doing an
injustice to the people. L am not speaking for
myself, for I know that if my property in Jef-
ferson couirly were in West Virginia, I should
be taxed oil it much less than I am in tho State
of Virginia; but to do justico to the people of
Jefferson and Berkeley counties, I want them
to have a fair opportunity of saying where tliey
will go. 1 do not care who may appoint the
commissioners for which my amendment pro-
vides; I would let the Governor of West Vir-
ginia appoint them ; all 1 ask is that the people
may be heard and their feelings respected. I
want the people to be heard, and if you deny
it you deny the wishes of twelve hundred and
fifty out. of'thirteen hundred voters.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have no particular desire to
hear from rebels, nor any particular desire that
(hey shall be heard. It may be true, as the
Senator says, that a part of this people were
forced into the rebel army. 1 have no dispo-
sition lo deny it; but this I say lo him, if they
were so (breed, I want to put (hem into a Stale
where the jurisdiction hereafter will be suffi-
cient to protect them; where they shall never
be so (breed again.
Mr. RIDDLE. They have no such dispo-
sition now.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not know that there is
any such disposition about now ; but there is a
conflict of jurisdiction in regard to these two
counties which makes if necessary lo remove
all doubt, that Congiess shall give its consent,
and I hope Congress will give its consent, and
that the lojal people of these two counties
who have voted that they would beannexed to
West Virginia shall have the opportunity of
being annexed (here, mangre tho rebels who
have come hack. I am disposed to accommo-
date the loyal people and not wait a great while
for die accommodation of the rebels who have
returned. They may be thankful if they are
permitted to live under the Government which
they attempted to destroy, without endeavoring
(o control it. It is all they deserve. I hope
the resolution will pass.
Mr. RIDDLE. Tho map which I have before
me shows what a shaped State West Virginia
will be with the annexation of the counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson to it. I believe some-
what in geographical shapes and geographical
lines. This annexation will extend the State
of West Virginia down to the Potomac, bring-
ing it into a narrow angle and cutting it off from
the other States. The blue lines on the map
before me designate the boundaries of West
Virginia. Now, it is proposed to extend its
limits and to take in the little angle in which
Jefferson and Berkeley counties are included,
the result of which would be to make it the
most disproportioned State in the Union.
Mr. P0MER0Y. I rather like the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware, but I have
examined it and find it to be a little faulty in
one respect-
Mr. RIDDLE. I will accept any amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Del-
aware will accept an amendment, I will propose'
one; and that is that the question be submitted
to the people of these two counties without re-
gard to color. All the people there have an
interest in it. It is as much the interest of one
class as another. As the Senator suggests, it is
not in order for me lo move this amendment,
but as he says he will accept it, it can be incor-
porated with his.
Mr. RIDDLE. I beg to be excused. I know
the Senators from West Virginia would not
agree to that.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment of the Senator from
Delaware to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. WADE. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I understood that the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Kansas
was accepted by tho Senator from Delaware.
Mr. POME ROY. The Senator from Dela-
ware promised that he would accept it, but after
hearing what it said he would not.
Mr. CLARK. Then I hope my friend from
Kansas will not press his amendment to the
amendment, but will let us take a vote upon the
proposition of the committee, and agree to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
perfect the amendment first; we can reject it
afterward.
Mr. CLARK. I think we had better not
waste much time about it.
Mr. SAULSB URY. I have been requested
by some gentlemen of Virginia when this bill
should come before the Senate to give it some
attention; but I suppose that this consent of
Congress will bo given to an act which, if it
ever was legal, lias been repealed by the State
of Virginia before the consent of Congress was
asked. Ithinkl could demonstrate, if 1 thought
it was of any use to go into tho argument, that
there never was any consent given by the Le-
gislature of Virginia to what has been done by
West Virginia or what was done by the people
of those counties. On the day that (lie elec-
tion was required to be held by the law of Vir-
ginia on which the conscnt is based, as I un-
derstand, there were only two voting places at
which any person could vote, and they were on
tho line of the Potomac and while these two
counties were in the possession of the military
power of the Government. The act of Virginia
required an election to be opened at the re-
spective voting places in these two counties,
and made its conscnt dependent upon the fact
that a majority of the people at such a vote to
bo held should vote for the transfer ; that is
should vote at the different voting places in tho
two counties.
There are other questions, though, connceted
with (he matter of a more vital and fundamental
character, grave, serious, constitutional ques-
tions, arising in this case; and yet I cannot
conscnt to take up tho time of the Senate in
arguing a cause which 1 know is lost to the
people of those two counties. Sir, Virginia is
a noble State. The greatest and best men that
have ever adorned the council chambers of this
nation or reflected honor upon the council
chambers of any nation had their birth and
have lived in Virginia; and I do not wonder
that tho people of Berkeley and Jefferson coun-
ties, when it is proposed to take them away
from the great State of Virginia and to annex
them to a new State which has grown out, if not
the exigencies, of thepassionsofthewar, should
be opposed to such transfer and would like to
