4084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
aforesaid: and no claim for suck boonty shall bo en-
tertained by the Paymaster General or other account-
ing or disbarring officer except upon receipt of tho
claimant's discharge papers, accompanied by the
eta i -racist under oath as oy this section provided.
—. And w it furl iter enmted, That in the pay-
ment of the bounty herein provided for, it shall be
the daty of the Paymaster General, under sueh rules
a;id regulations as may bo prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, to cau&e to be examined the accounts
of each and every soldier who makes application
therefor, accompanied with his diseharge and the
aSidavjt required by the preceding section j to ascer-
tain and determine the amount, if any, due him
under the provisions of this act: to indorse the same
upon his discharge and to return the discharge to the
claimant with a warrant orcertifieate for the amount
due. Sueh warrant or certificate shall, in each.case,
be drawn upon an authorized depositary or disburs-
ing officer of the public funds, and shall be made
payable to the order of theelaimant: Provided, That
the said warrant or certificate shall not be negotiated
nor paid by the depositary or disbursing officer upon
whom it is drawn, nor by any other depositary or
• disbursing officer, unless there be affixed to it proof
of the identity of the payee, and of the genuineness
of his indorsement, established by the oath or affir-
mation of not less than two reputable witnesses resi-
dent in the same county or district with said payee,
and attested by the clerk of a court of record, under
the sea! of the court; and the said warrant orcertifi-
eate, with such proof and attestation affixed thereto,
shall thereafter be negotiable and payable by in-
dorsement, in the manner of ordinary cheeks and
drafts, and shall in no case be negotiable or payable
without such proof and attestation ; and the clerk of
the court, before attesting said warrant or certificate,
shall require the payee to exhibit his discharge,
which he will compare with the warrant or certifi-
cate, and satisfy himself that it agrees in all respects
therewith.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That under no cir-
cumstances whatever shall the purchase, sale, trans-
fer, or assignment of any bounty herein provided for,
or of any interest therein, be recognized or enter-
tained by any accounting or disbursing officer of the
Government in tho settlement or payment of such
bounty; but whenever application shall be made by
any claimant, through any attorney or agent, the
post office addressot theelaimant shall befurnished,
giving the name of tho county and State in whioh it
is situated, and the amount of commission or fee
which the attorney or agent is to receive for his ser-
vice in the settlement of ti.esaid claim, and the Pay-
master General, or proper accounting officer of the
Treasury, upon ascertaining the amount due, shall
cause to bo transmitted to such claimant the full
amount thereof, less the fee to be paid to the attor-
ney or agent, which fee shall be paid to the said at-
torney or agent in person, or transmitted to such
address as tho attorney may direct.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in ease
bounty claims are presented by or through an agent
• or attorney, sueh agent or attorney shall be required
to file with each claim hisoath or animation tnathe
has no interest whatever in said bounty beyond the
fees for collection of the same, and that he has not
chargcdnor osrreed for andwillnot acceptinore than
the sums hereby fixed and established, as follow?,
namely, for the preparation and pi oseeution of claims
for all sums not exceeding $50 the sum of £5; for all
sums exceeding $50 and less than $100, the sum of 67 50;
and for all sums exceeding $100 tho sum of ^30; and
said fees shall include all expenses incident to the col-
lection of such claims, except the expenseof Unneces-
sary affidavits andnotarial or other acknowlcdgmen ts,
which shall be defrayed by tho claimant; and any
agent orattorney who shall charge, directly or indi-
rectly, in any case, a greater sum for his services in
preparing andprosecutingsaid claims shallbedcemed
fuilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon conviction,
e punished by fine not exceeding $8,000nor less than
$1,000, and shall be forever excluded from pro^eeut-
ingmilitary or naval elaimsagainst thoGovernment.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in the re-
ception, examination, settlement, and payment of
claims for said bounty duo tho widows or heirs of
deceased soldiers, the accounting ofticersof thcTreas-
ury shall be governed by the same restrictions as
herein prescribed for the Paymaster General: Pro-
vided, That when such claims are presented by or
through an agent or attoi.iey ■' c' y empowered to act
for the claimant, tho warrant lor the amount due
may bo transmitted to such agent or attorney, but
shall not be recognized or paid by the United States
unless it be indorsed, witnessed, and attested by the
persons and in the manner prescribed by the fourth
section of this act; nor shall any claim for said bounty
bo entertained by the accountingofSccrs of the Treas-
ury unless piesented in the manner and within one
year from the passage of this act.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That to each and
every sailor and marine, and to the widow or heirs
of anv sailor and marine, whohas served in the Navy
and Marine eoi ys in the late war of rebellion, there
shall be paid the same amount of bounty as herein
provided, and the examination, settlement, and pay-
ment, of claims therefor shall be vested in the proper
accounting ortcers of the Treasury, under rules and
regulations suhiect to the approval of the Secretary
of tho Navy, and payment thereof shall be made in
the same manner and under the same restrictions as
hereby prescribed for tho payment of said bounty to
soldiers; and allsums in bounty or prize money here-
tofore paid or agreed to be paid to any sailor or ma-
rine for service rendejedor prizes captured during
tho war, or any part thereof, shall in like manner be
deducted from the amount of bounty to be paid under
this act, so that no sailor or marine in tho final set-
tle-meat of his accounts will have i ecoived m bounty
and pmc money a greater sum than eight and ono
third dollars for each or any month of service: Pro-
vided, That claims of sailors and marines now liv-
ing for said bounty shall be presented to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury within two years,
and the claims of their widows or heirs within one
year, from and after the passage of this act, or such
claims will not thereafter be received or entertained.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in settling
the claims of the widow and heirs of deceased sol-
diers, sailors, and marines, under the provisions of
this act, the accounting officers of the Treasury shall
cause payment to be made to the following persons
and in the order following, and to no other persons,
to wit: first, to the widow of such deceased soldier,
sailor, or marine, if there be one; second, if there be
no widow, then to the children of such deceased sol-
dier, sailor, or marine, share and share alike; third,
if there be no widow, child, or children, then to the
father or mother of such deceased soldier, sailor, or
marine: Provided, That no bounty shall be paid to
the heirs of any claimant not resident in the United
States.
Mr. GRIMES. Before my colleague left the
Chamber, from which he was necessarily called
away, he left with me an amendment which he
desired me to offer to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts. It is to insert in
the second section, fifth line, after the words
" United States," the words, " or by any State,
county, city, town, or other municipal organi-
zation, or by any voluntary association, or by
any personso as to read:
In calculating the amount of bounty due and to
be paid to each soldier under the provisions of this
act, deductions shall be made for any and all pay-
ments of bounty made or agreed to be made by the
United States, or by any State, county, city, town,
or other municipal organization, or by any voluntary
association, or by any person, so that in no case will
any soldier receive a greater sum in bounty than eight
and one third dollars for each and any month of
service.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to state the
change that amendment will make in the
amendment which I offered. It will be recol-
lected that some weeks ago the House of Rep-
resentatives passed a bill professing to provide
for the equalization of bounties, but taking
into account the bounties paid by the local
authorities. It is not necessary for me to say
that that bill, as passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, is not a bill for the equalization
of bounties. In fact there is no equalization
in it. It is a mere arbitrary assumption. Un-
der the provisions of the House bill, which the
Senator from Iowa now proposes to incorpo-
rate into this amendment, a large portion of
the volunteers of the country would receive
nothing whatever. In some of the States early
in the war, either by the State, county, city,
town, or other authorities, local bounties were
paid, while in other sections of the country no
bounties of that character were paid. The re-
sult would be that in those localities where the
people raised the money and paid bounties to
the early volunteers of the war, the volunteers
will receive nothing, and that portion of the
country will be taxed to pay bounties to vol-
unteers in sections where the people did not
raise money.
The Military Committee of the Senate early
reported a bill providing for an absolute equal-
ization of bounties so far as the national Gov-
ernment is concerned. I can state in a few
words the idea on which it was based. The
largest amount of bounties ever paid by the
Federal Government during the war was at the
rate of $100 a year. We enlisted men for three
years and agreed to pay them $100 .bounty.
This continued up to the 17th of October, 1863.
About a million and a half men volunteered
into the service of the United States for three
years on the agreement that they were to re-
ceive a bounty of $100 from the Federal Gov-
ernment. On the 17th of October, 18G8, in the
pressure for men, the War Department offered
a bounty of $400 to veteran soldiers who had
served two years and who would reenlist, and
$300 to other persons who would enlist in the
service for three years.
The veterans were enlisted for three years,
and at the end of two years if they would re-
enlist they were to rcceive $400 bounty, and
that, with the $100 bounty offered them when
they enlisted the first time, made a sum of $500,
for which they were to serve five years, which
was at the rate of $100 a year. We continued
after the 17th of October, 1863, until near the
close of the war to pay at the rate of about a
hundred dollars a year bounty for persons who
would volunteer into the service. A few months
before the close of the war we passed an act
allowing men $1U0 bounty who would enlist
for one year, $200 bounty to those who would
enlist for two years, and $300 to those who
would enlist for three years. In fact we en-
listed nearly all the men for the last sixteen or
seventeen months of the war at the rate of $100
a year, or eight and one third dollars per month
bounty. Assuming, then, that our highest bounty
was eight and one third dollars a month, the
committee reported in favor of paying that rate
of bounty to all the men who served in our
armies, whether they were three months' men,
one hundred days' men, nine months' men, or
three years' men—to allow all of them eight
and one third dollars per month, and to deduct
from this amount whatever they may have re-
ceived or are entitled to receive from the Gen-
eral Government as bounty.
So far as the Federal Government is con-
cerned, this is a perfect equalization of boun-
ties. It is true it requires a large sum to pay
the amount, something between one hundred
and fifty and one hundred and seventy-five or
perhaps one hundred and eighty million dol-
lars. It is a large sum, but it is based upon a
principle of absolute equalization among all the
men who have served the country in the field,
not taking the local bounties into account which
must certainly be a very unequal, and at the
same time a very difficult thing to do, because
when the Federal Government paid bounties of
$300 to volunteers and $400 to veterans, the
local authorities at the same time were paying
$200, $300, $400, in some cases $500 to the
same men. Men came into the old veteran regi-
ments the members of which had enlisted early
in the war for $100 bounty, with from five hun-
dred to twelve hundred dollars bounty, and
served side by side with the men who bore the
heat and burden of the day, who served three
years and received only a bounty of $100.
Under these circumstances it cannot be sur-
prising to anybody that there should be a feel-
ing deep down in the hearts of those men who
enlisted.during the first two years and a half
of the war and bore the brunt of the contest
and received only a bounty of $100, when they
saw men coming in at a later hour with their
pockets filled and receiving at the same time
from the Government a bounty of $300. three
times as much as they themselves were to have.
I suppose they felt very much as we read in
Holy Writ that the men felt who having agreed
to serve for a penny, when they had borne the
heat and burden of the day, saw men come in
at the eleventh hour and receive the same
amount. They grumbled about it; they were
not satisfied with it; and I suppose our soldiers
felt in the same way; and I presume the men
mentioned in Holy Writ would have felt much
worse on that day if the men who came in at
the eleventh hour, instead of receiving one
penny, had received three pennies—three times
as much as they had.
Sir, I am in favor of the "proposition which I
have offered, because it rests upon the basis of
perfect equalization. It includes all kinds and
classes of our troops and gives them all a bounty
of eight and one third dollars per month, or at
the rate of $100 a year, so far as the Federal
Government is concerned. I believe its pas-
sage would satisfy the feeling, especially, of
the million and a half men, or those who are
left of them, who entered the war early, from
patriotic motives, and who received only S100
bounty for three years' service. I must con-
fess that I have no great sympathy for any
claims made by the one hundred days' men or
the three mouths' men or the nine months' men,
but I have included them all. Those classes
will take no very great sum and I prefer to in-
clude them so as to make a perfect equaliza-
tion ; but I do sympathize with the men who
served throughout the war. I believe the coun-
try owes this much to those men, and I believe
the country will never be poorer for paying it
to them. More than a million men entered
