THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
these-States are out of'the Union! Look,
sir, and count the stars and stripes upon that
flag. Does this House indorse a flaunting lie
in its presence every day, hour, and minute of
its sitting? Why floats in the breeze that ban-"
ner untorn from the top of this Hall, attracting
the gaze of admiring multitudes for milesaround,
if eleven of the States represented thereon have
eeased to be States, and are no longer members
of this Union? Is it to deceive foreign nations
through their representatives-at your Govern-
ment? Go, sir, and ask the honest tar in your
navy-yard, or upon the wide ocean, or in a for-
eign port, if the flag floating from his mast-head
flaunts a lie—is a deception and a cheat! Ask
the returning veteran, scarred and maimed, who
risked his life and shed his blood to save and
perpetuate the Union, if "the war has been a
failure," and if the flag he bears so proudly
homeward is all that is saved from the wreck of
his dismembered country! Sir, T leave the re-
ply to your imagination ; and I would not envy
the gentleman who champions this doctrine the
pleasure of a tour over this country, charged with
the duty of cutting the representatives of eleven
States from that flag which has become a house-
hold god in every loyal family throughout the
land.
To restore these State governments, then, is,
in my opinion, to reinstate them as they existed
when overthrown by the rebellion, subject only
to such changes as are necessary to conform
them to the present status of the national Gov-
ernment. During the suspension of the proper
practical relations between the people of these
States and the national Government, the insti-
tution of African slavery has been abolished,
and upon resumingthese relations, they are now
required to conform their organic law to this
very important change, not because their State
constitutions arc not republican in form with-
out this change, but because the Constitution
and laws of the United States auc supreme, and
those of the several States must conform to
them.
I need not stofthere to discuss the operation
and effect of the emancipation proclamation
in the absence of further sanction; for though
important in the day of its active operation, it
is now superseded, or rather confirmed, by the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery,
which is now a part of the supreme law of the
land. This amendment gives Congress the
power and makes it its duty to guaranty the
freedom given. This power I feel assured Con-
gress will exercise, and in the same manner and
to the-same extent, subsequent to the admission
of the representatives of these States as prior
to such admission. It is a power to be exer-
cised by Congress, not on or through the agency
of the several State governments, but. as in the
exercise of all it-s, other powers, directly upon
the subject. No issue then, even with the aid
of special pleading, can be made up here on
this question. We hear a great deal, however,
said willi reference to compelling the people of
these States toadoptthis measure or that meas-
ure as a condition precedent to the admission
of their representatives into Congress. Sir, if
they are States, Congress has no more right to
compel them to adopt any measure than it has
to adopt it for them and transfer it to their code.
If they are not States they have no right to act
upon these questions, and their action is con-
sequently without significance or the sanction
of public law. But in either event, admitting
the power of Congress to require such action,
and the right, of the States to act upon these
questions, what respect would the gentlemen
now contending for such action give to it, thus
wrung from them under duress? Or what evi-
dence would it give to any one upon which to
base an opinion as to the actual condition or
prevailing sentiment of these people? The con-
vention in one State declines to repudiate the
rebel debt; the President tells them they must
do it before they can hope for representation
in Congiess; they then reconsider and reverse
their foi mer decision ! Xow. what importance
can be attached to this action? The honoiablo
gentleman from Ohio remarked with signifi-
cance, that in his opinion it did neither "good
nor harm;" and I am confirmed in the opinion
that if it does no harm, it at least does no good.
The policy to be pursued respecting the quali-
fications of electors in these States, during re-
organization, is, I presume, so far determined
and conceded as to be no longer involved in
the direct issues now affecting this question.
Then I come to the all-important question of
guarantees.
We have now waiting action by Congress pos-
sibly less than twenty guarantees proposed as
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States. I do not propose now to discuss the
merits of these several propositions, and do not
know with sufficient certainty what they are to'
enter upon such discussion, but suppose there
will be an opportunity to investigate them, un-
less they should be acted upon under the opera-
tion of "the previous question," and without
being printed. I will say, however, that I doubt
the necessity of so much constitutional amend-
ment, and that if it is really necessary, we had
best have a convention at once; for to give to
so many questions, of such importance as wo
are told these are; the consideration they de-
serve when becoming part of the organic law
of the land, would require the time of an ordi-
nary session of Congrej^, and I think we should
|iot form the habit of changing that sacred in-
strument for slight causes or with too much
facility. Gentlemen manifest more fear now for
the safety of the Constitution and the Union
than when there were five hundred thousand
rebels arrayed in arms against it. I confess I
am unmoved by such fears. Some of. the pro-
posed amendments, so far as I understand them,
seem unobjectionable, and when brought to a
vote I now see no reason for not voting for them.
If-you can frame an article which more posi-
tively refutes the dogmas of nullification and
secession than the second clause of the sixth
article, before quoted, the fifteenth clause of the
eighth section of the first article, which provides
" for calling forth the militiato execute the laws
of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel
invasions," and the first clause of the third sec-
tion of the third article defining treason, I will
vote for it; but I can conceive of nothing plainer
upon this point than the Constitution as its
framers made it. And I know of no such verifi-
cation of, or commentary upon, the Government
under it, as is found in the legislation of Con-
gress, and the action of the Executive, during
the rebellion. But if you can frame an article
which will give more than "the last man," and
mortgage more than "the last dollar" to save
the Union, I will vote for it. The proposed
amendment concerning the national and the
rebel debt, as I heard it read once from the
Clerk's desk? appeared unobjectionable, and has
passed this House. But what I do object to,
and most solemnly protest against at this point,
.is the determination, upon the part of some, to
refuse representation to the people of these
States, regardless of their condition, until these
amendments are secured. And why? Because,
say they, their adoption is ncccssary 111 orderto
secure the permanent ascendency of the present
dominantparty, andifthepeople of these States
are admitted to participation in the ratification
of these amendments they will be defeated.
Sir, I wish as much as any one that the
present dominant party may long control the
administration of affairs in this country; they
deserve to do so, and will do so if in their ad-
ministration they act wisely and justly: but if
the principle just indicated is persisted in and
prevails, I ask you, what is your written Con-
stitution worth, what the value of any guaran-
tees that may or can be incorporated into it be-
yond their subserviency to party purposes? If
the dominant party can keep the minority from
participation in the affairs of the Government
until the Constitution can be amended to their
prejudice, from the day this principle becomes
incorporated into the polity of our Government,
the Constitution, instead of the chart of our lib-
erties, becomes only an instrument of oppres-
sion, willi which to bind more firmly the tyran-
nical will of a popular majority, by which the
rights of minorities are unknown orunrespeeted,
and to be ehaDged with each revolution of pop-
ular sentiment. Better, far better, abolish it
at once, and let us look to the law, to custom,
and to necessity for the landmarks to our lib-
erties, than that it be prostituted to such base
purposes. Besides, sir, without pretending to
prophetic wisdom, the people of this country
will never make a Constitution looking only to  
the interests of any party. They are loyal and
yet national; looking to the interests of the
country, and of the whole country, jealous of •
the rights of minorities and the provisions for
their protection; remembering, from personal
experience, that political or party ascendency
is among the uncertainties of this world. In a
word, sir, the people are just, and will repu-
diate any party which attempts to trample upon
these principles. •
I have said that to restore the State govern-
ments which were overthrown by the rebellion
was to reinstate them as they existed before '
overthrown, and in harmony with the constitu-
tional amendment abolishing slavery. Acting
upon this policy, let us see what guarantees can
and would be required.
1. The applicant claiming a seat upon this
floor must be loyal; and I would not accept
whitewashed loyalty, or loyalty of a recent
growth; he must have been loyal all the time—
all the way through. He must be able to take,
and must take, what is popularly known as '' the
test oath;" and I would not even accept that
as conclusive, as barring further investigation,
which might contradict the presumption raised
by it. And I care not, so far as this question
is concerned, whether the test oath be decided
constitutional or unconstitutional; while it is a
part of the law of the land, I would use it as a
means of arriving at a knowledge of facts'upon
which the claims of the applicant should be de-
cided. If it should cease to be law, I would
arrive at a knowledge of the same facts by other
means, and the result should be the same. No-
man, after the commission of treason against
the United States, was ever admitted to a seat
upon the floor of Congress ; and!" no such one,
with my sanction, ever shall be. And Congress
has expelled members, after admission, for dis-
loyalty, in the absence of overt acts which would
support a prosecution for treason ; and under
similar circumstances, and for the same cause,
I would sanction such action again.
2. I must know that the constituency from
which the applicant comes is of sufficient loy-
alty to preserve or maintain, as against home
disaffection, a republican State government in
harmony with that of the United States, with-
out the support of the military power of the
country, and that his credentials are signed by
a Governor constitutionally elected and admin-
istering such State government, which must 110
more recognize, as legal or binding, anything
done in aid of the rebellion, than it did before
the rebellion was inaugurated. Then each sev-
eral application must stand upon its own indir
vidual merits.
Judging of the people of these States by this
rule, from what is publicly or officially known of
their condition, I should determine that it is not
such as to entitle them, at present, to repre-
sentation. They have been declared by procla-
mation of the Executive in rebellion—as waging
war against the United States; and I am yet
notified of no proclamation of peace, or that
martial law has been superseded by civil i# any
or either of them. From what is known pri-
vately and unofficially of them I am of the
opinion that some of them are in a condition to
entitle them to representation; and that if an
investigation of the facts proves their condition
to be such as before indicated their loyal repre-
sentatives should be permitted to qualify at the
earliest day possible. I need not tell you that
the condition of our country, especially with
regard to our finances and in view of our foreign
relations, demands that we be united at the ear-
liest day practicable consistent with the public
safety, which is always a paramount necessity.
With regard, however, to the people of most of
these States, I am fiee to say, that so far as I
