THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
remain with the old State. If I thought that
I could say a word which would do them good,
or which could secure them, not this privilege,
but this right, of remaining in the old State
•where their fathers lived, and in the prosperity
of which and in the renown of which they feel
a personal pride, I would willingly stand here
for an hour to say something in their behalf.
But no, although every man in Jefferson and
Berkeley be opposed to this transfer, the trans-
fer is to be made, and on what ground? Be-
cause the voice of rebels in such cases is not
to be heard, and nobody but loyal men are to
be heard!
Mr. President, we have a wholesale way of
deciding upon treason and crime. Under the
Constitution of the United States and the laws
of the land there is a judicial mode of ascer-
taining who is a traitor and who has commit-
ted crime, and there is only one mode in which
you or I or anybody can ascertain whether a
man is a traitor, and that is by presentment by
a grand jury, conviction by a petit jury, judg-
ment of a'court of competent jurisdiction ; and
when the evidence comes before ino in this
Chamber, or comes before me as a private citi-
zen, comes before me in any capacity whatever,
I can decide upon the criminality of no man,
and I cannot ascertain his guilt in any other
way than by the production of the record of
his trial and conviction. And yet, sir, on the
bare assumption that a majority of the people
of these two counties have been guilty of trea-
son, the highest crime known to the law, and
have justly forfeited their lives, we are to ascer-
tain their guilt, not as the Constitution and laws
of the land say it shall be ascertained, but by
surmise, by conception. I^wiU never, in the
private relations of life or m any public ca-
pacity which I fill, determine the criminality
of any one in that way, and 1 protest now
against whole communities and whole peoples
being thus charged with treason and with crime
when there is no evidence ol' a legal character
that there is a man in J efferson or Berkeley
that is guilty of treason. Till that evidence is
furnished, let the people residing in those two
counties have a voice in determining their
future situation and their future relations to
these two States. If a majority of the people
there wish to gotoWestVirginialetthemgo; if
they wish to remain in Virginia let them remain.
I make these remarks with no feeling of hos-
tility to West Virginia. I wish her all the
prosperity which now is open before her in
her career as a State; but I do say that in a
question of this kind, where not only the prop-
erty of citizens is to bo affccted, but where
their homes, everything that is dear to them,
their personal feeling, their personal interest,
their political association is concerned, these
people ought to have a right to say whether
there shall be any such transfer. As I under-
stand the facts as presented to me. they have
never had any such opportunity. But at two
places, and two only, in Jefferson county were
the polls opened—at Shc-pherdstown and Har-
per's Ferry—and about one hundred votes cast
out of the whole population of J efferson county.
But, sir, opposition can avail nothing.
Mr. WILLBY. Mr. President, I do not de-
sire to go into a full investigation of this ques-
tion. It was very fully investigated in the
other House; a very full and able and exact
report was made by a member of the Judiciary
Committee in the other House, and the ques-
tion was argued at length, and decided with
very great unanimity in favor of the consent
being given.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that allusion to proceedings in the
other House is not in order here.
Mr. WILLBY. Well, sir, I merely allude
to it not to bring them into the proceedings
here, but simply to say that there is a report
here from the other House laid upon our tables.
I suppose it is in order to refer to that, and
that is the only reference that I make. That
report shows that the matter was tully investi-
gated.
I do not wish to get into a controversy with
my friend from Delaware in regard to the facts
in this case. I will content myself by saying
that I have not a doubt to-day that there is not
a loyal man, as we used to understand that
term, in the county of Jefferson that is not in
favor of remaining where Jefferson county is
now supposed to be, a part of West Virginia.
In the county of Berkeley it cannot be contro-
verted that there is a very large majority of the
people there, loyal and disloyal, taking the
aggregate of all the people of that county, in
favor of remaining with West Virginia, and I
am disposed to believe that to-day since cer-
tain recent action on the part of the West Vir-
ginia Legislature repealing a law affecting the
rights of disloyal persons to prosecute suits in
the courts, if the vote were taken in Jefferson
county there would probably be a majority in
that county for remaining in West Virginia.
The disability of which they complained so
grievously has been removed by legislative
action m West Virginia.
Now, sir, what are some of the facts? These
counties for some years past have been with
West Virginia after fair action by the Legisla-
tures of both States. Polls were opened in
both the counties, permission to hold the elec-
tion having been granted by the Legislature of
Virginia ; the election was held in pursuance
of an act allowing it to be held ; the votes were
duly certified by the Governor of Virginia to
the Governor of West Virginia, and the Legis-
lature of West Virginia, acting upon the pro-
ceedings, accepted these counties. The coun-
ties have gone on under these circumstances
to organize under the very different system of
county police and judicial proceeding and re-
cording of deeds, &e., provided in the con-
stitution of West Virginia from that which
originally existed in these counties when they
were under the jurisdiction of Virginia. Deeds
have been recorded ; various things have been
done under our new constitutional provisions,
and under our new legislation in West Virginia,
enacted in pursuance of our constitution;
rights have accrued under this legislation.
Now, if they are sent back to old Virginia, tlic
result will be confusion in title papers and in
the decrees of courts; and a great many mis-
chiefs that will readily occur to every Senator
under this existing state of circumstances must
necessarily ensue.
The loyal people are satisfied where they are.
The election was openly held in these counties.
Every man that wanted to vote could have voted.
The men who are petitioning to-day that a vote
be taken again were not in the counties at the
time that election was held; but where were
they ? They were in ihc armies of the alleged
confederacy. They were fighting against the
loyal men of these counties. They were not
at home. Some of them, the principals, per-
haps, in this matter, held seats in the Legisla-
ture of Virginia under the authority of the con-
federate government. I trust it may be the
pleasure of the Senate to let these people re-
main where they are.
As to the form of the State, it is a little zig-
zag ; but it was the desire of this people them-
selves, principally because these counties lie
upon the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, which
railroad runs out into our State, and therefore
connects them directly with the interiorpartof
the State commercially, and for every other con-
venience ; whereas tliev are no^connected by
railroad with east Virginia, and in order to get
to the capital of that State tliey would have to
do as we have from all over West Virginia, come
by Baltimore and Washington city in order to
get to Richmond.
Mr. RIDDLE. I do not desire to_prolo_ng
the discussion, but my friend from Vest Vir-
ginia who has just addressed the Senate was the
first to convince me that J efferson and Berkeley
counties should not be in West Virginia. Now
I quote Willey against Willey. On the 1st of
July, 1862, that Senator said:
" I confess that I was infinitely surprised when th e
committee reported to tho Senate a bill including fil-
tcen counties within the valley of Virginia, in thejro-
posed new State. What are the facts ors this subject ?
ihe people of northwestern Virginia had looked or®
all tins ground; they had considered where the line
of demarcation should go; they had considered it
well; and they fixed the Alleghany mountains as the
natural barrier. They were willing to agree to that;
not only were those mountains the natural barrier,
because they divided the commercial, industrial, and
social relations of the State, but they were the natural
barrier between the desire of the people who wished
to bo erected into a new State, andthodesirc of those
people who were opposed to being included within
thenew State." ****• + «
"Sir, I speak ofwhatlknow, I speak of what lam
fully advised by hundreds of letters received during
the last ten days, that the people of northwestern
Virginia are utterly and irreconcilably opposed to
any connection with these people in the valley. They
are opposed to it because they have no commercial
relations with them; they haveno industrial interests
in common; they are disconnected by impassable
mountain barriers. They have no close social rela-
tions with them. They are different in interests, dif-
ferent in social habits, different in feeling, different in
desires in this respect; and I venture the assertion
that out of the one hundred and forty thousand in-
habitants proposed to be included in the new State
from tho counties of the valley, there are not five
thousand that desire any union with us. As was for-
cibly remarked by one of my colleagues the other day,
in refeience to this matter, if we wore thus united in
tho same State organization, it would be like tying
two cats by tho tail; we should bo forever fighting
each other. They are utterly and irreconcilable hos-
tile in social relations and hostile in feeling."—Con-
gressional Globe, second session Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, part 4, p. 8037.
These were the sentiments of my honorable
friend from West Virginia in 1862.
Mr. WIL LEY. They are my sentiments still.
If my friend from Delaware would get the map
and see where these fifteen counties iie, he
would see that his own argument would be an-
swered. These two counties contain the five
thousand people of whom I spoke along the
railroad that are connected with us by direct
and easy communication, and whom I reserved
in my speech. The other thirteen counties
lying in tho valley are disconnected from us
and have no relation with us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from Delaware to withdraw Ms consent to
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Kansas?
Mr. RIDDLE. I never gave my assent to it.
I said I would agree to anything; but when I
heard what the amendment was, 1 of course
would not agree to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
the third time. The joint resolution wa s read the
third time-, and on the question of its passage,
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas :>2, nays £>; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragia, Creswell, Dixon, Doolittle, I'essen-
den, Foster, Grimes, Hani.'-, Ilowe, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Laneof Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van "Winkle, Willey, Wilson,
and Yates—32. _. „
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Guthrie, JIcDougall, Bid-
die, and Saulsbury—5.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Foot, Hen-
deison, Hendricks, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Nes-
rnith, Nye, Stockton, Wade, Williams, and Wright
-13.
So the joint resolution was passed.
MPOUT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 125) granting aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the town
of Folsom to the town of Placcfville, in the
State of California, reported it with amend-
ments.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
