1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
petition with the transportation upon tlic Mis-
sissippi river the transportation upon the lines
of the railroads of this country, I infinitely pre-
fer that great river. Nature has made a better
railroad there than man can ever make, one
upon which the productions of that great coun-
try can be transported much more cheaply than
they ever can be carried upon the lines of rail-
road built by mortal man. The road is already
made. All that man has to do is to construct
the car—the steamboat—and put it upon that
magnificent stream. So far as 1 am concerned,
I would not mar that stream, nor would I mar
the stream of transportation that must pass
upon it in all time to come, by the construction
of these bridges.
But, sir, when the Senator tells me that the
Senate of the United States is to enter upon a
scheme of building these bridges, and proposes
a bill the mere effect of which—not the object
—is to benefit a little town in the State of Illi-
nois at the expense of the people of my own
State, and I offer to amend it so as to give them
equal privileges with the people of Illinois, I
am met with the proposition that no committee
has examined it. What if they have not? I
know that country perfectly well; and if ten
thousand committees were to examine it, they
could not enlighten us upon the subject. The
Senator from Illinois knows the country per-
fectly well. I apprehend the Senator from
Minnesota knows it. The lines of railroad from
the East go directly to the city of Hannibal;
and why not give us a bridge twenty miles from
Quincy if a company will build it? I propose
to amend the bill so as to let us have a railroad
bridge at Hannibal, if Quincy is to have one.
If we are to enter upon this system of railroad
bridges far down immediately upon the surface
of that great stream, and to have bells rung for
the opening of the draws, when every half mile
of that mighty stream in the course of a few
years will be covered with the comm erce of a
mighty nation—for when I speak of the West I
almost speak of this nation, and when I sp'cak
of the nation I speak of the West as it will be
in the course of twenty years from to-day—
when it is proposed to have these bridges, let
us make them equal, and let the people of
every State he equally benefited by them, if
anybody is to be benefited; and if anybody is
to be injured, let all be injured alike. I do not
mean to vote for the building of any bridge so
far as I am concerned, even if this proposition
shall be amended. I hope that the Senate will
not refuse me this amendment, because other-
wise the bill would be unjust. Will any Sena-
tor tell me why the Toledo and Pittsburg and
Fort Wayne road should not have a connection
direct at Hannibal as well as the northern
cross-road? It is a direct line from Toledo, by
the way of Hannibal, to St. Joseph. It is as
straight as it can be, much straightcr than the
other road. Then why not build a bridge
there ? I know of no point on that great stream
better fitted for building a bridge than the town
of Hannibal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
pf the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 74, for
theadmission of the State of Colorado into the
Union, the pending question being on the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote of the Senate reject-
ing the application of that State for admission.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will it be in order to make
this present bill which we are now considering
the business of the morning hour to-morrow,
or will it become so as a matter of course?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would
not become the special business of the morning
hour under the present rule of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It would come up after we
got through with the morning business.
Mr. POMEROY. We had better make it a
special order for to-morrow at half past twelve.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope no special orders
will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. I have an amendment which
I desire to propose to this bill, and I should
like to have the privilege of offering it now that
it may be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the Chair will receive the amend-
ment, and the order to print will be entered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that the bill
be made the special order for half past twelve
to-morrow, so as not to interfere with the morn-
ing business, and I make that motion, so that
we shall be able to get it up to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we ought
to make special orders now, especially of a bill
of this character.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not insist upon it
if the Senator from Ohio objects. We perhaps
can get it up to-morrow morning without hav-
ing it made a special order. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow it to come up then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall have no objection
to its coming up, but special orders interfere
with the general business of the Senate.
ADMISSION 01 COLORADO.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Wilson to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate refused to order the bill
(S. No. 74)'for the admission of the State of
Colorado into the Union to be engrossed for
a third reading.
Mr..DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] in the course of
his remarks yesterday was pleased to allude to
me as having been instructed by the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin to resign my seat in the Sen-
ate, and as misrepresenting my constituents on
this floor. It is not my purpose to-day to go
into any lengthy argument to defend my course
here. I may ask the attention of the Senate
to that matter on some other occasion, when
those resolutions shall arrive of which we have
been informed in advance by the telegraph.
I will only say for the present that when I
entered upon my second term of office as a
Senator for six years from the 4th day of
March, 18G3, at your desk, sir, I took a solemn
oath, not to obey the resolves of the individuals
who might happen'to be elected as members
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, or to follow
the opinions or caprices of any other body of
men, but to support the Constitution of the
United States, and faithfully to discharge the
duties of the office which was placed upon me;
and God helping mo, I shall keep that oath.
Upon the other allegation, that I stand here
misrepresenting the views of my constituents,
the people of Wisconsin, I will only say that
by no word or vote of mine on this floor have
I in the slightest degree deviated from the
formally expressed opinion of the Union party
in Wisconsin in its last convention, upon which
this very Legislature was elected, as well as the
Governor and State officers—not in one word,
not in the dotting of an " i" or in the crossing
of a "t.'/
But, sir, there were two propositions brought
forward in that convention which, by a large
majority, were put aside : first, the proposition
to make negro suffrage, as it is called, a party
test in the State of Wisconsin ; and second, to
make it a further test that no representative
from the southern States should be admitted
into Congress,. and the States of the South
should not be admitted into full communion
until they should adopt impartial suffrage—
suffrage just as free to the blacks as suffrage
exists in favor of the whites. Those two prop-
ositions, by a large majority of the Union con-
vention of Wisconsin, were laid upon the table;
and upon that vote, and because I acted with
the convention in favor of putting those reso-
lutions on the table, I am called in question
by certain gentlemen in Wisconsin and else-
where. In support of the action which the
majority of' that convention assumed to take,
and which I advocated, and for which, so far
as I had voice or influence, I admit myselfto be
responsible, what did we say? We said to the
people of Wisconsin, in advance of the elec-
tion to come off, " If you adopt negro suffrage
as a part of your party creed in Wisconsin you
will be voted down by a majority of thousands;
four fifths of the soldiers who have come homo
from the field will vote against it; and the sol-
diers of Wisconsin who are still in the field will
also vote against it."
Now, what are the facts? We went into the
canvass; we put aside negro suffrage as an
issue; and_ what did we do? We elected a
Union Legislature and a Union Governor and
State officers by ten thousand majority. But
what became of negro suffrage? It was voted
down by ten thousand majority in the State of
Wisconsin. ^ The result justified what the ma-
jority said in the Union convention, and what
I among them said. When the soldiers of
Wisconsin came to vote, four out of every five
of them voted against it. What was the fact
in relation to the soldiers in the field? There
were still 1,172 votes cast by our soldiers in
the4ield, and out of the 1,172 votes that were
cast on the question of negro suffrage how
many do you suppose voted for it? Three.
And yet men talk about pressing negro suf-
frage as a political question before the people
of the country, and denounce me because I
had the courage to tell the people of Wiscon-
sin what I tell the Senate here: place your-
selves upon that issue and you will be buried
out of sight. They would have been buried in
Wisconsin had they not followed my advice,
which saved the Union party in Wisconsin,
and elected this very Legislature which now
undertakes to instruct me on this question aa
to how I shall act and what I shall do.
The other point was whether we in Wiscon-
sin—and there this great battle began—should
insist, as a condition-precedent to (lie admis-
sion of the representatives from the South,
and the admission of those States into full
communion, upon negro suffrage at the South.
The people of Wisconsin decided against it,
and they will decide against it a hundred limes
over.
Mr. HOWE. If my colleague will excuse
me, I did not quite understand what it was
that the people of Wisconsin decided against.
I was occupied at the time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say the Union con-
vention laid that upon the table by a large
majority.
Mr. HOWE. What was '1 that ?''
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The proposition to in-
sist upon negro suffrage as a condition-prece-
dent before admitting the States of the South
into full communion. The Union party of
Wisconsin refused to do that, and because they
refused to do it they sustained themselves in
Wisconsin.
As I have said, I do not propose to go into
this question at length. The members of this
Legislature were elected upon a platform which
rejected, as a party measure, negro suffrage in
the State of V\ isconsin, and rejected as a party
measure the insisting upon negro suffrage at
the South as a condition-precedent to their
being admitted into full communion ; and they
could not have been elected without it, and
this Legislature, that that convention, acting
with me, put in power, now assume to instruct
me because I do not follow their behests! Mr.
President, let me warn my friends hero, as I
warned my friends in Wisconsin—and I do it
in all sincerity—that is a rock on which you will
split; if you fall upon it, you will be broken;
let it fall on you and it will grind you to pow-
der; try it on just as soon as you please.
While I insisted that it was wrong for the
Federal Government to undertake to dictate to
the States who should exercise the right of suf-
frage within their borders, and while I was
opposed to making negro suffrage a part of the
platform or creed of the Union party of Wis-
consin, I, as an individual, did not object to-
negio suffrage in Wisconsin ; and why? Be-
cause the class of colored persons who reside,
within our State are, from habit, from educa-
tion, trained as freemen among freemen, capa-
ble of exercising the right of suffrage, and I
advocated the extension of the right to,them,
and I voted far it as an individual.
