1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am able to judge of their condition and of pub-
lic sentiment in them, from the tone of their
press, and the general character and antece-
dents of those recently elected to offices of honor
and trust, they are far, very far indeed, from
being what they were before the rebellion—of
filling what I should consider prerequisites
for the admission of their representatives; and
until these prerequisites are met and satisfied,
whether it be one year or ten years, or more, I
would govern them by martial law and without
representation; and if necessary to preserve the
territory in the interest of loyalty—if the pres-
ent population should prove incorrigible — I
would sweep their landed estates from them by
confiscation, and recolonize the country with
loyal citizens. I am happy, however, to say
that, in. my opinion, a resort to such extreme
measures will not be necessary; but at the same
time I must say that restoration has been re-
tarded, and the questions involved in it compli-
cated, by permitting power to get too soon into
the hands of whitewashed rebels, instead of
placing it exclusively in the hands of Union
men, and organizing upon them as a nucleus;
the consequence of which is that they(the Union
men) are now as much proscribed, if not actively
persecuted, throughout the great portion of the
South as they were during the rebellion. I
would love just here to enter a plea for the
Union men of the South, but must forego that
pleasure for the present.
But I hear it said that we must reconstruct
upon a basis which will forever preclude the
possibility of another rebellion. I confess,
however, my astonishment at the serious en-
tertainment of such an idea. Why, sir, the
Almighty himself cannot organize a Govern-
ment with provisions or guarantees which shall
preclude the possibility of a rebellion against
it. The only guarantees against rebellion of
which I am aware are—
]. To lodge within the Government the right
to use all its resources to crash rebellion, which
is an essential prerequisite, expressed or implied
in every Government: and
2. A wise,,just, and equitable administra-
tion of the Government bv the party in power,
by which the affections of the people are con-
firmed in favor of its preservation. Let it be
administered in an oppressive and tyrannical
manner, and so soon as sufficient numbers
become estranged toward it in their affections,
and fail of redress or justice through peace-
able measures, so soon will they appeal to the
God of battles; and guarantees—1 earc not
what they are—will bo thrown to the winds.
I appeal to the history of the world, and of the
Government of the universe, moral and political,
in verification of the truth of this doctrine. All
history proclaims it, and all men who have
read intelligently know it.
I trust, sir, that the administration of this
Government by ''the party of the Union" will
be so wise and so just as. first, to give the party
favor with the people and thus long continue
the administration of affairs in their hands, and
second, to seal the affections of the people to the
Government, by which, together with a little
time and the social friction incident to Ameri-
can society, we may confidently hope and ex-
pect soon again to see the people of this great
country united, not only in theory and by law,
but in feeling, in sympathy, and in the great
work of civil and religious liberty, of human
progress in all its material interests, and of
freedom, looking with increased veneration to
the Constitution and Government of our fathers
as the common guardian, and to the old flag as
the emblem of all, and rejoicing again in the
proud title of American Citizen-.
Mr. DEMING moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw it. I will occupy only ten minutes.
Mr. DEMISTG. I withdraw it.
BASIS OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. BLAJNK. Since the beginning of the
present session, Mr. Chairman, we have had ;
several propositions to amend th« Federal Con- 1
stitution with respect to the basis of represen-
tation in Congress. These propositions have
diffeied somewhat in phrase, but they all em-
brace substantially the one idea of making suf-
frage instead of population the basis of appor-
tioning Representatives; or in other words, to
give to the States in future a representation
proportioned to their voters instead of their in-
habitants.
The effect contemplated and intended by this
change is perfectly well understood, and on all
hands frankly avowed. It is to deprive the
lately rebellious States of the unfair advantage
of a large representation in this House, based
on their colored population, so long as that
population shall be denied political rights by
the legislation of those States. The proposed
constitutional amendment would simply say to
those States, while you refuse to enfranchise
your black population you shall have no rep-
resentation based on their numbers; but admit
them to civil and political rights and they shall
at once be counted to your advantage in the
apportionment of Kepresentatives.
The direct object thus aimed at, as it respects
the rebellious States, has been so generally ap-
proved that little thought seems to have been
given to the incidental evils which the proposed
constitutional amendment Would inflict on a
large portion of the loyal States—evils, in my
judgment, so serious and alarming as to lead
me to oppose the amendment in any form in
which it has yet been presented. As an ab-
stract proposition no one will deny that popu-
lation is the true basis of representation ; for
women, children, and other non-voting classes
may have as vital an interest in the legislation
of the country as those who actually deposit the
ballot. Indeed, the very amendment, we are
discussing implies that population is the true
basis, inasmuch as the exclusion of the black
people of the South from political rights has
suggested this indirectly coercive mode of secur-
ing them those rights. Were the negroes to be
enfranchised throughout the South to-day, no
one would insist on the adoption of this amend-
ment ; and yet if the amendment shall be in-
corporated in the Federal Constitution its inci-
dental evils will abide in the loyal States long
after the direct evil which it aims to cure may
have been eradicated in 'the southern States.
If voters instead of population shall be made"
the basis of representation certain results will
follow, not fully appreciated perhaps by some
who are now urgent for the change. I will
confine my examination of these results to the
nineteen free States whose statistics are pre-
sented in the census of 18(10; and the very radi-
cal change which the new basis of representa-
tion would produce among and between those
States forms the ground ot'rnv opposition to it.
The ratio of voters to population differs very
widely in different sections, varying in the
States referred to from a minimum of nineteen
per cent.to a maximum of fifty-eight percent.,.
and the changes which this fact would work in
the relative representation of certain States
would be monstrous. For example, Califor-
nia has a population of 358,110, and Vermont
3H.869, and each has three Kepresentatives on
this floor to-day. But California has 207,000
voters and Vermont has 87,000. Assuming
votersas the basis of apportionment, and allow-
ing to Veimont three Kepresentatives, Califor-
nia would be entitled to eight. The great'State
of Ohio, with nearly seven times the population
of California, would have but little more than
two and a half times the number of Representa-
tives; and New York, with quite eleven times
the population of California, would have in the
new style of apportionment less than five times
as many members of this House: California it
may be said presents an extreme case, but no
more so than will continually recur for the next
century underthe stimulus to the emigration of
young voters from the older States to the invit-
ing fields of the Mississippi valley and the Pa-
cific slope.
But eases less extreme than California will
present quite as clearly the injurious working
of the proposed change. Take two States—one
in the Bast and one in the gr&Sftly
differing in aggregate population, for. example,
Massachusetts and Indiana—the former with
1,221,432 inhabitants, the latter with 1,828,T10.
Massachusetts has,to- day ten Representatives on
this floor and Indiana has eleven^ an exactly
fair apportionment. BufcMassachusetts has oifly
-227,429 voters; while Iridiana has Sld^Slij aad
therefore on the 'new -basis, if MassachtxsSfts
should retain her ten Representatives Indiana
would be-allowed about fifteen, and if Indiana
should be confined to her eleven, 'Mas^aeift-
setts would be reduced to seven. And: I rrrrght
' adduce many other instances showing-ft'e^refss
inequalities of representation to which'the;pro-
posed amendment would subiecttheloyal'Sfeteis.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman-altow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. 'What is the cause of" this
disparity of men and women in 'Massachusetts
and in the New England States? Is it not that
the men go to the western States as emigrants?
Mr. BLAINE. I suppose it is.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; is not Massa-
chusetts represented there, then 1
Mr. BLAINE. Not according to some ha-
rangues we hear in this House from gentlemen
representing that section on the tai'iff,' as tny
distinguished friend on the Committee of Ways
and Means knows very well. They go there,
become identified with what they term western
interests, and, I am sorry to say, attack New
England and Now England interests.
Mr. GK1NNELL. Not all of them.
Mr. BLAINE. And there are other objec-
tions, Mr. Chairman, to the proposed constitu-
tional amendment. Basing representation -.on
voters—unless Congress should be empowered
to define their qualifications—would- tendtto
cheapen suffrage everywhere. There would be
an unseemly scramble in all the States during
each decade to increase by every means the
number of voters, and all conservative restric-
tions, such as the requirement of reading and
writing now enforced in some of the Slates,
would be stricken down in a rash and reckless
effort to procure an enlarged representation in
the national councils. Foreigners would be
invited to vote on a mere preliminary "decla- ■
ration of intention," and the ballot, which can-
not be too sacredly guarded, and which is the
great and inestimable privilege of the American
citizen, would be demoralized and disgraced
everywhere.
And the worst feature of all is, that there is
no need whatever of precipitating the evils I
have referred to. The great end of depriving
the South of the representation which is based
on the colored population until that population
is enfranchised, can be very readily secured
without accompanying it with these offensive
inequalities of representation among the loyal
States. The Constitution may bo amended so
as to prevent the one evil without involving
others of greater magnitude, and I venture to
express the belief that the proposition submitted
by me this morning, and on my motion referred
to the committee on reconstruction, will, if
adopted, secure the desired result. Let 'me
briefly explain that proposition.
The Constitution of the United States, article
one, section two, clause three, reads as follows
to the first period:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union, aecordiugto their i es>pectivu
numbers, which shall be determined by (adding to the
whole number of free persons, in-eluding thoze bound to
service for a term of years, and exeluaing Indians not
taxed, three fifths of all other persons:.)"
The portion which I have included in paren-
theses has become meaningless and nugatory
by the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment, which abolishes the distinction between ■
"free persons" and "nil other persons," and
being thus a dead letter might as well be form-
ally struck out; and in its stead I propose.to
insert the words- following included in paren-
theses, so that the clause as amended will read
j thus:
! "Representatives and direet taxes shall he rtpfipr-
' tioned aiming- (he several States which may oe m-
