1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3125
up? Congress gave that company ten years—
and I ask the attention of Senators to this fact—
within which to construct its road from Leaven-
worth, by Lawrence, to the southern boundary
line of Kansas. Three years have elapsed.
Two of those years were in the midst of the
war, substantially, fromMarch, 1803, to March,
1865. Senators did not expect a railroad to
be built in the midst of the war. Then there
has been but one year during which this com-
pany could go on and construct the road to
which you made the grant in 18G3.
Mr. President, the point that I desire to
make is this: that when Congress makes a
grant of land to a State to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad, and the State transfers that
grant to a particular company, Congress ought
not to make a grant to another company which
is to destroy the grant first made. Was it the
purpose of Congress, when thisgrant was made,
to encourage the construction of an important
road from Leavenworth, by Lawrence, to Gal-
veston bay, in Texas, and thus connect (he
waters of the Missouri with the waters of the
Gulf of Mexico? Certainly, that was the pur-
pose, because it is plainly expressed in the
act; and what a great road it will be—one of
the important roads of this country; an im-
portant feeder of the Pacific railroad, in which
the Government is investing so much land and
so much money. I ask if, for the benefit of a
few corporators, we are going to make a grant
to another company to come in competition
during the time which we, in 1863, allowed for
the construction of the main road.
If Senators will give me their attention for a
moment, I will show just how these roads are
located. Here is Leavenworth upon the Mis-
souri river. The road to which we made a
grant in 180:! is completed from that point to
Lawrence—a distance of thirty-five miles. It
is completed, as I understand, by the interven-
tion of the Pacific Railroad Company. t>v an
arrangement between the two companies, that
road is built thus far, and a survey has been
commenced from Lawrence in a southern di-
rection upon the route described in the act of
180:;. That road, then, is built from Leaven-
worth to Lawrence, and is to run in a southern
direction. That road is just thirty-six miles
west of the Missouri State line. Now the prop-
osition is to start, another road at Kansas City,
on the Missouri river, a distance of thirty-six
miles from Lawrence, to run in a southwestern
direction until it shall intersect the road to
which we made a grant three years ago. The
effect of it will be that for a distance of one
hundred miles these two roads are to run par-
allel to each other, and Congress is to help to
build both, their greatest distance apart at any
point being thirty-six miles, and their average
distance apart not to exceed from fifteen to
eighteen miles.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I know the Senator de-
sires to be right about it. AVhen they run a
hundred miles, I am informed, they will be
forty miles apart, the distance from Fort Seott
to Ilumboldt. If thev run one hundred miles,
they will be ten miles further apart than when
thev began.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no point at
which they can be forty miles apart; for I have
here a map prepared by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and there is no point
at which they can be forty miles apart.
Mr. POMEROY. That map does not show
the line of this road.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is furnished by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
it shows that these two roads cannot be forty
miles apart: for the Commissioner of the
General Land Office has furnished me a map
with the road to which wo made the grant three
years ago marked down; and here it is from
Leavenworth to Lawrence. Lawrence is just
six tiers of townships from the Missouri line,
and the load is marked upon this map in a
southern direction, running upon the township
line to the southern boundary of Kansas. The
greatest distance between the road to which we
made the grant three years ago and the Mis-
souri State line is thirty-six miles, as shown by
this map furnished by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. I do not understand
what the Senator means when he says there is
a distance between the road to which we made
the grant three years ago and Port Scott of
forty miles.
Mr. POMEROY. The road the Senator
refers to is located at Ilumboldt, and that is
forty miles from Fort Scott, where the other
road is located. They run parallel to each
other and are forty miles apart at the distance
of a hundred miles from where they start.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Humboldt is further
south. The road, as located, is east of Hum-
boldt. The grant in 1803 does not describe
Ilumboldt. The Commissioner has furnished
me the location of the road. Here is a descrip-
tion of the route as made in the act of Con-
gress of 18G3:
"From Leavenworth,by tho way of the town of
Lawrcncc and via, the Ohio Cilj mossing of theOsago
river, to the southern lino of the State in tho direc-
tion of Galveston bay, in Texas."
Ilumboldt is not a town on that line. Ilum-
boldt may be forty miles west of Fort Scott,;
I do not question that ; but the map furnished
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office shows that Ilumboldt is west of the di-
rect lino upon which this road must be located.
The construction of these grants by the Gen-
eral Land Office has been that when Congress
gives the termini the road must 1)0 located
upon the most direct lino between the termini
that is practicable. The Commissioner of the
LandOtlice, taking that rule of construction, has
located upon this map which lie lias furnished
us, and which is represented with the surveys of
tlie State, tho location of the road to which we
made the grant three years ago; and here it is:
from Leaven worth in a southern direction to the
southern line of the State. That is just thirty-
six miles west of the Missouri State line. Tho
proposition is to get in a new grant to a cor-
poration that Congress knows nothing about
except as represented by the Senator from
Kansas. His representation is entitled to all
confidence, I concede; but we have no docu-
mentary evidence of tho'character and respon-
sibility of that company.
Mr. M0KH1LL. Has it been organized?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose it has been
organized, from what the Senator from Kansas
says. I know nothing about it except what
he has said. 1 believe we had before tho com-
mittee no evidences of the organization of the
company to which this grant is to be made.
Mr. POMEROY. The statutes of the State
were before the committee showing that the
State had already gi\ en them one hundred and
twenty-five thousand acres.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says that
thestatutes of theStatewill showthat the State
has recognized it as a corporation by granting
to it some of her own lands. J have not the
statutes here, but of course the Senator is in-
formed on that subject. Now, they propose to
start a railroad on the Missouri river at, a point,
opposite to Kansas City, in Missouri, and to
run down until it shall intersect the road to
which we made a grant three years ago; an'd
whichever road can get to tho southern bound-
ary of the State of Kansas first is to have the
right to run through the Indian Territory. That
is the proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. That is fair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says that
is fair. I ask Senators if that be fair. You
made a substantial grant of lands to tho State
of Kansas three years ago. The State of Kan-
sas has transferred that grant to a railroad
company. That company has commenced its
enterprise by securing, through the aid of an-
other company, thirty miles of its road, and
by commencing its surveys from Lawrence in a
southern direction. That company has secured
the subscription of stock by counties along its
line, and is going on, as I understand, to com-
plete this great work with a view to the con-
nection of the Missouri river and the Gulf o£
Mexico; and now we propose to run acom^
feting road between that road and the State
line of Missouri. Senators can look at the
map and see just how these roads will lie with
regard to each other.
We have an illustration of this kind of legis-
lation in tho State of Iowa. Any Senator
taking up the maj) of the State of Iowa will
see that that State is almost covered with rail-
road grants. Three roads were contemplated
by one act of Congress, and the grants lapped
upon one another. If any one or even two of
tho roads had been supported by substantial
grants of lands, they would have been a suc-
cess ; the roads could have been built, and the
stock would have been of some value in the
market; but as it is, one of these roads—-the
Mississippi and Missouri road—has her stock
in the market scarcely of any value after she
had received a grant of land from the General
Government. Why? Because at the Same
time we made a grant to parallel companies
and roads so near to each other that the one
grant lapped upon the other. Are Senators
willing to indorse that policy in the State of
Kansas? And after making a grant to a groat
road, to an important work in 1803, after that
work has been commcnccd, after investments
are made, after counties have made subscrip-
tions to large amounts of stock to that com-
pany, is Congress willing to make a grant now,
between that road and the State line of Mis-
souri, so near to it as that the one grant must
lap upon the other ?
Have we so little interest in the public lands
as that we will make such a grant as this? I
think no man, as was said by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. IIkxdekkox,] can be more lib-
eral in his views in regard to grants of land to
aid in great works of improvement in the west-
ern country than I am ; but I do not want to
sec the system broken down and demoralized
until tho eastern States, as the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessexbioj] referred to the ques-
tion the other day, can justly say that we are
squandering the public lands. I do not choose
to be charged with that. As a friend of the
system which calls upon the General Govern-
ment to aid in the construction of great works,
I do not choose to have the system debased
and broken down by a legislation such as this
would be. I ask western Senators, whose Slates
are interested in works ot this sort, to stand by
the integrity of the system. That system is
based upon the idea that Congress ought to aid
the western settlers in the development of the
country by tho construction of necessary works,
national and important in their character, but
not, in order to grasp the land, to make one
grant lap upon another.
Mr. President, as I understand, there are
rights in tho Indian country not yet secured.
1 understand that the Cherokee tribe have made
no treaty which authorizes Congress to even
contemplate the running of a road through their
territory. This bill does contemplate it. When
the Senator from Kansas a little while ago said
that the Senator from Wisconsin had agreed to
the support of this bill I was rather astonished
at the statement. I understand that there is
one tribe of Indians securcd by the most sol-
emn treaty stipulations against any invasion of
their territory by the white man for any pur-
pose ; and yet this bill proposes to grant the
right of way, as soon as Ave can get the Indian
consent to it, and thus committing the Govern-
ment to an effort to secure the consent of the
Indians, as was stated so well by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Tkujibull] the other day.
For the purpose of testing the sense of the
Senate upon this bill, I will move to postpone
its further consideration until the first Monday
of Dccembcr next. If there are any treaties to
be made with these Indians in the mean time, we
can know what they are; the Senate can con-
sider tho treaties, and then we can tell what is
the condition of the Indian country. If this
is a corporation organized in good faith and
with means to construct the railroad let it go on
with its work. These five thousand acres that
lie within tho limits of the State of Kansas, and
all that the State of Kansas will get, as tho
