142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
eluded within thisTJnion aoeordinp: to their respective
numbers, Vihich &hall be determined by {talcing the
whole number of persons except tho?e_ to whom eizd <■>'
political rights or privileges are denied or abridged by
the constitution or laws of any State on account of race or
color.y
This is a very simple and very direct way. it
seems to me, of reaching the result aimed at
without embarrassment to any other question
or interest. It leaves population as hereto-
fore the basis of representation, does not dis-
turb in any manner the harmonious relations
of the loyal States, and it conclusively deprives
the southern States of all representation in
Congress on account of the colored population
so long as those Slates may choose to abridge
or deny to that population the political rights
andprivileges accorded to others. The adoption
of this amendment as a part of the Federal
Constitution would, I venture to predict, secure
the right of suffrage to the colored population
throughout the South in a very few years. And
I doubt if in any other mode that right can be
secured so speedily, so certainly, and so en-
duringly.
KIKCOXSTEUCTIOX.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman,
I shall inquire whether the Constitution deals
with States. I shall discuss the question whether
an organized rebellion against a Government
is an organized "'State" in that Government;
whether that which cannot become a ''State1'
until all its oflicers have sworn to support the
Constitution, remains a State after they have
all sworn to overthrow that Constitution ; and
if I find it does continue to be a State after that,
then I shall strive to ascertain whether it will
so continue to be a go~v eminent, a State, after,
by means of universal treason, it has ceased to
have any con,^titution. laws. Legislature, courts,
or citizens 111 it.
If in debating these questions I debate axioms,
my apology is that there are no other questions
to debate in "reconstruction." If in the dis-
cussion I make self-evident thing? obscure or
incomprehensible, my defense shall be that I
am conforming to the usages of Congress.
I will not inquire whether any subject of tin's
Government, by reason of the revolt, passed
from under its sovereignty or ceased to owe it
allegiance, nor whether any territory passed
from under that jurisdiction, because 1 know
of no one who thinks that any of these things
did occur. T shall not consider whether, by the
rebellion, any State, lost its territorial charac-
ter or defined bountlaiies or subdivisions, for 1
know of no one who would obliterate these geo-
graphical qualities of the States.
These questions, however nmch discussed,
are in no practical sense before Congress.
what is iswor.r. coxnnras.
What is before this Congress—by far the most
momentous constitutional question ev< r here
considered—I at once condense and affirm in a
single sentence.
it is under our Constitution possible to, and
the late rebellion did in fact so. overthrow and
usurp in the insurrectionary States the loyal
State government-' as that, during such usur-
pation. such Stares and their people ceased to
have ail) oi'the right-' or power.- of government
as States of this Union; and this lots of the
rights and powcis of government was such that
the United States may and ought to asMime and
exercise local powers of the lo.-t State govern-
ments. and may control the readtnission of snih
States to their poweisof government in this
Union, subject to and in accordance with the
obligation to "gy.siantv to each State a repub-
lican form of government."
This great question J proceed to consider.
what, et'jiffi law of xatioxs. 13 a stat!! ?
At the ver> foundation of this discussion lies
the question, what make up the neces-arv ele-
ments of every State in this Ur.ion? Wind
propel tie-; are they which, if any one bo losi, by
a Stale, it coat 03 to be entitled to excelse tJar
powers and demand the rights of a political and
governing member of that Union?*
The argument f now derii-n from ''nubile
law" is really identical with the one 1 shall
next adduce, and shall base upon the express
terms of the Constitution. In this argument—
assuming, as I do, two axioms of our law; first,
that the law of nations is part of your Consti-
tution, (Const., art. 1, sec. 8, clause 10,) and
second, that 3ucli Constitution is to -lis States,
at least, as much "supreme law" as the inter-
national code is law to the civilized States which
are under its sway—1 here only show that these
law-defying communities in rebellion cannot bo
" States," unless our Union has lowered and
debased the world's "legal idea" ofa "State."
What, then, is required to constitute a State
by the law of nations ?
We answer:
1. "A fixed abode and definite territory be-
longing to the people who occupy it." (Whea-
ton, 83.)
2. "A society of men united together for the
purpose of promoting their mutual safety and ad-
vantage by their combined strength." (Ib. 32.)
3. " The legal idea of a State, necessarily im-
plies that of habitual obedience of its members
to those in whom the superiority is vested."
(Ib. 33.)
This third necessary element of a State is the
only important one in this discussion. Hence,
I add the following high authorities:
Grotius, (book 3, chapter 3, section 2,) says:
'' The law, especially that of nations, is in tile State
as the soul is in that of the human body, for that being
taken aicay it ceases to be a State."
Burlamaqui, (volume 2, page 25,) in defin-
ing a State says:
"It is a multitude of people united together by a
common interest and common laws, to which they sub-
mit tcithone accord."
I might add to these all the writers on pub-
lic law for centuries, in confirmation of what is
self-evident without proof, that there can be no
State where the people do not habitually obey the
laws, for four hundred years the unanimous
conscience and common sense of the civilized
world has refused to recognize the existence
of a people who were habitually disobedient
to their own laws, or the law of nations. Such
a people is blotted out.
Now, surely, if habitual obedience to law
"was necessary to the legal idea of a State,"
even tinder the vague and general precepts of
the international code, it will not be insisted
that habitual, persistent, and universal diso-
bedience will be tolerated by the well-defined,
express, and rigorous provisions of the Amer-
ican Constitution in the citizens of one of its
Stales.
Shall that position be tolerated which admits
that the law of nations will expel from its
union and blot from existence an habitually
lawless people, and yet the law of our Union
permit such a State to govern it? Shall a Union,
whose Constitution and laws in every single
great attribute of national bovereignty are the
supreme law of these States and their people,
recognize and be ruled by a people who unani-
mously, habitually, persistently, and for years
disobey and defy these laws'.'
Can it be that for four centuries tho united
conscience and judgment of the civilized world
shall prohibit the existence upon the earth of
such a monster as a Slate who-- people are
habitually lawless, and then shall it. be left for
our "moreperfect Union" to establish " States"
which, although they cannot commence their
existence until every officer and minister of that
State shall swear to support the Constitution of
the United States, as the supreme law of the
land, yet shall continue to be States after every
oilieer of such State had discarded such oath,
and every inhabitant had, for years, defied and
discarded these "supreme laws?"
In the lights of the public law of the world
let this Congress answer the startling question,
whether an organized rebellion has come to
be an organized " State:" whether "habitual"
treason lias come to be "habitual obedience to
lav.-:" and whether the legal "ideaof a State"
has cDn.i'to be a .-.ynonyui for chao". in which
arc commingli d. in imalleviaied poli.iea! ruin,
the ab.-olule overthrow of all i(.- "supreme
laws," the wreck of all loyal constitutions,
laws, and forms of government, and the death
or exile of every inhabitant who admitted the
existence of such loyal State!
Surely, Mr. Chairman, it is not too much to
say that even under the settled precepts of pub-
lie law those eleven districts, called "confed-
erate States," ceased to be Slates. In them,
during so many dark years, there was no obe-
dience to law except the law which compelled
the defiance of all "supreme laws;" there was
no government except that one which con-
sisted in enforcing disloyalty to Government;
there was no observance of the "law of na-
tions," unless that is to bo found in indiscrimi-
nate and remorseless assassination or murder
of every loyal man whom their treason could
reach either by means of the dagger, the tor-
pedo, the poisoned food, the bandit, the viola-
tions of truce, or the systematized destruction
of prisoners of war. Their body-politic was
one gigantic treason, made up of eleven organ-
ized rebellions, combined into one by the force
of a relentless military despotism.
But, sir, the unexampled magnitude of these
interests involved impel mo on to what are, if
possible, more conclusive arguments. I go from
the public law to the Constitution.
wiiat is a state of this uxi0x?
Now we proceed to inquire what, if anything
more, is required to make a State of this Union
than is requisite to constitute a State under the
law of nations. Brazil is a State, but is not a
State of this Union. That which is required
to be added to the properties which belong to
every State, in the sense of the international
law, in order to constitute a State of our Union,
is—•
1. Its citizens must owe. acknowledge, and
render supreme and habitual allegiance and
obedience to the Constitution, laws, and treaties
of the United States in all Federal matters,
these being the supreme laws to the States and
! their citizens. (Constitution, article C.)
2. All •' tho members of the State Legisla-
tures, and its executive and judicial oflicers,
shall be bound by oath or affirmation to support
the Constitution" of the United States. (Ar-
ticle C.)
3. That, the United States shall have so ad-
mitted it into this Union" (article 5, section
3) as to have assumed "to guaranty to it a re-
publican form of government, and to protect it
against invasion, and," on application, "against
domestic violence."
■1. And by such recognition and "admission
into this Union" to have secured to it, as a
body-politic, or "State," certain rights of par-
ticipation in the control of the Federal Gov-
ernment; which rights I shall name hereafter.
(See also 1 Bishop on Criminal Law, sections
128 to 137, inclusive.)
No one who can read the Constitution will
deny that each State in this Union must have
every one of these properties before it can com-
mence to exist in the Union ; because the Con-
stitution so declares. Now the question I
consider is, whether it shall continue to be a
State, in the sense that it holds the powers and
rights of a State, after it has lost every property
which it must have before it could commence to
exist in tho Union.
does Tnc constitution dual witii states?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ray-
i moxd] says:
i _ "The Constitution does not deal with States except
! in one or two in-tanees, as the election of members
i of ■ and the election of electors of President
| and "V ice 1'rcsident."
I This statement involves an error both of fact
and law which, considering its highly intelligent
I and patriotic source, is amazing. Now, sir, read-
ing Engli.-h will correct this error. Turn to the
! Constitution. If deals with States, in tho way
of imposing restraints and obligations upon
; them as States, in the following matters: reg-
i tilating commerce among tho States ; requiring
| Representatives, nl -o United States Senators.
to reside in their respective State:- : [uohibititij,
' States fiOiu entering into any Heaij, alliance.
Or confrdeiytion. coining money, emitting bill"
| of credit, making anything but gold and silver
'■ coin a tender for debt; passing any bill of at-
