3126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Senator from Kansas says, will not do much to
carry on the work if granted, nor will the re-
fusal to grant it do much ■4.0 retard the work,
unless, indeed, it is to be used as a means of
crcdit in the New York market. We can very
■well wait. There will be no loss resulting from
it. These people could not go into the Indian
Territory now. They could not construct their
road into the Cherokee country if they were
down there to-day, even if Congress said so.
As a test, I move to postpone the further Con-
sideration of the bill until the first Monday of
December next.
Mr. POME ROY. I have no objection to
taking the vote on that motion now, because
I suppose we are limited in time, as the morn-
ing hour has almost expired, and the Senator
from Maine desires to go on with the bill that
was before the Senate yesterday. I trust, how-
ever, that the Senate will not postpone this bill
until the next session. It is merely another
way of trying to defeat the bill. When a mr.n
cannot defeat a measure by argument, when
he cannot defeat it by facts, when he cannot
defeat it by saying anything against it, the sec-
ond way is to defeat it by postponing it. I
hope this bill will not be postponed. I am
willing to letitgo over for to-day and be taken
up nt some time when the Senate have leisure.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think wo may as well
have the yeas and nays upon my motion.
The 3'cas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Kan-
sas and the Senator from Indiana alluded to
my position upon this bill. I confess that I
have not examined the question. The state-
ment made by the Senator from Indiana now
that Congress lias already made a grant to a
parallel road running through the same region
of country, as ho alleges within a few miles of
where this new line goes, is all new information
to me. 1 am not a member of the Committee
on Public Lands, and I was not aware that
there was any such grant. It raises in my
mind a very different question. If this was
the only grant running thiough Kansas in a
southern direction to Galveston bay I should
favor the grant if the bill was properly drawn,
but if there bo another parallel road so near as
is stated by the Senator from Indiana, it raises
a question in my own mind as to the propriety
of this grant.
Mr. POMEROY. What I said was that the
Senator from Wisconsin did not object to this
bill on account of the road going through the
Indian country, and that was all I said.
Mr. DOOLlTTLE. In relation to that, the
treaties pending, it may not be improper for me
to say, have reference to the grant of the right
of way through their country for railroad pur-
poses.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator,
who is chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, if such a treaty be pending, whether
this bill had not better bo postponed until we
sec what is to be the fate ot the treaty?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That .is a question for
the Senate to decide, of course.
The PEESIDEN T pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until the first Monday of December
next, and on thut question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 1G; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Cowan, Origin, Davis, Foster,
Grime?. Guthrie, Hendricks. Morrill, Ramsey, Trum-
bull, Vau WinKle, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Connoss, Doolittle, Ed-
munds. Harris, Howard, Howe, Kirlnvood, Morgan,
Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Sherman, Stewart, Wado,
and Wilii.-ims—1G.
ABSfiXX— Messrs. Anthony,, Brown, Buelcalcw,
Chirk,Crcswell, Dixon.Kessende'n, Henderson, John-
son, Inne of Lano of Kansas, McDousall,
Nesmith, PoWnd, Riddle, Saulsbury, Spraguc, Sum-
ner, Willoy, Wright, and Yates-21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomcs the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
message fkom tiie house.
A message from the House of Bepresenta-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the report of the eommitteeof confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the joint resolution (H.
II. No. 134) relative to appointments to the
Military Academy of the United States.
The message further announced that tliellouse
of Representatives had passed without amend-
ment a bill (S. No. 328) for the relief of Mrs.
Abigail Ryan.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bill and joint resolution, with amendments to
each, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 243) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for the com-
pletion of said road; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 51) respecting
bounties to colored soldiers, and the pensions,
bounties, and allowances to their heirs.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (II. K. No. 5->9) to authorize the ex-
tensionj construction, and use by the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company of a railroad from
between Knoxvilleand the MonocacyJunction,
into and within the District of Columbia; and
A bill (II. R. No. C15) legalizing marriages,
and for other purposes, in the District of Co-
lumbia.
unrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (II. R. No. 406) to provide for the
settlement of accounts of certain public officers;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
bounties to colored soldiers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senate, before calling up the
unfinished business of yesterday, the Chair
will lay before the Senate a joint resolution of
the Senate returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives witlx amendments.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 51) respecting
bounties to colored soldiers, and the pensions,
bounties, and allowances to their heirs. The
first amendment was to strike out the proviso
to the first section, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
But whero nothing appearson tho muster-roll or of
rceord to show that a colored soldier was not a free
man at tho dato aforesaid, under tho provisions of
tho fourth section of tho act malting appropria-
tions for the support of tho Array for the year ending
the 30th of Juno, 1863, tho probuniption shallbethat
the person was free at tho time of his onlistmont.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, to strike out all after the word
"widow'' down to and including the word
"enlistment," in line ten,and to insert in lieu
thereof, "were joined in marriage by some
ceremony deemed by them obligatory, followed
by their living together as husband and wife
up to the time of enlistment."
Mr. WILSON. I move a concurrence in
that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section tivo, line
fourteen, to strike out all after the word "mar-
riage" to the end of the section, and to insert,
" shall be held mid taken to be the lawful chil-
dren and heirs of such soldier."
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate con-
cur iu that amendment.
Tho motion was agreed to.
AMBOY AND TRAVERSE BAY RAILROAD.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 243) to extend the time for the
reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for the com-
pletion of said road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to pro-
ceed with the business regularly before the
Senate, the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply ask the Sen-
ate to concur in the amendment made by the
House of Representatives. It will not take
three minutes, I think. There will be no oppo-
sition to it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause, and to insert a substitute, but was
interrupted by
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is an entire new
bill, as a substitute for a bill which passed this
body. The House has substituted another bill
for the one we sent them. The Senators from
Michigan tell us it is all right. I presume it
is; certainly they think so; but we pass it, if
we concur in that amendment, without its over
going to a committee, and without any of us
knowing anything about it. I think such a bill
as that ought to go to a committee ; it is a new
bill entirely; and I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan that he allowit to be referred. That
course will not delay it. I have no objection to
it; but as a proper principle upon which to do
business, when a bill of this character passes
this body and a new bill as a substitute for it
is adopted by the House as an amendment, is
it safe for the Senate to concur in it without
anybody knowing anything about it or how it
is going to act? I think it had better go to a
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be laid
aside, to save this discussion, and that we pro-
ceed with the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine calls for the regular order of
business, and the bill before the Senate must
be laid aside, it having been proceeded with
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
make an order to print the amendment of the
House to the bill.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That order
will be entered, no objection being made.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United
States had approved and signed, on the 12th
instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 140) to grant the right of way
to the Humboldt Canal Company through the
public lands of the United States ;
An act (S. No. 173) to confirm the title of
Jose Serafin Ramirez to certain lands in New
Mexico;
An act (S. No. 189) to confirm the grant of
certain lands to Jos6 Dominguez, in Califor-
nia ;
An act (S. No. 261) for the relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston ; and
An act (S. No. 321) for the relief of Maria
Sypliax.
mineral lands.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of tho
honorable Senator from Maine, before the
appropriation bill is proceeded with, I desire
to call up, with the view of making it the spe-
cial order for a future day, Senate bill No.
275, which lias been reported from the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can entertain the motion by unanimous con-
sent, House bill No. 213 being properly before
the Senate.
No objection being made, the motion was
agreed to; and the Senate, as in Committee of
