2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
Mr. COWAN. How many of tliem are there
tli6r6 *? |
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Three hundred in the
State. But, Mr. President, as I said in the
beginning, I do not intend to go into that ques-
tion now at any length. My purpose is to come
directly to the question pending before the
Senate. I agree with my honorable friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] in very much
that he has said on this question. There are
some things in which I do not concur with him,
but at the same time I always accord to him
the highest patriotism and perfect sincerity of
purpose and character. One of the points on
which I differ with him is this: I maintain that
one of the rights which belong to the States
under the Constitution, and which they hare
had from the beginning, is to judge for them-
selves on the question of suffrage. Believing
that to be the right of a State, 1 do not feel at
liberty to vote against the admission of a State
because it declares that no Indians shall vote,
or no negroes shall vote; or if it declares that
certain classes of Indians may vote, or certain
classes of colored men may vote ; or even if it
should go on to declare that women may vote,
I should not vote to reject the constitution for
that reason. If it established a property qual-
ification, if it established an educational quali-
fication, although I did not agree in the prin-
ciple, perhaps, which was involved in the
constitution, I would not oppose the admission
of a State for that reason, because I believe
that is a question that the State should pass
upon for itself.
There is another point on which I feel called
upon .to say a word. I do not fully concur in
the information whicli my honorable friend has
in relation to the gentlemen who appear here
claiming seats in this Chamber as Senators from
Colorado. I do not know what may have oc-
curred in the presence of the committee on the
conduct of the war, or the sub-committee 
Mr. SUMNER. That is all that I quoted.
I added nothing to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 say I do not under-
stand nliat may have occurred in that commit-
tee. I only know (hat before another committee
of the body testimony was taken on the same
subject; I refer to the Sand creek massacre.
Governor Evans, the person alluded to, ap-
peared before that committee on two or three
occasions, and I must say that there was noth-
ing in the testimony which led those of us who
heard it to suppose or believe that Governor
Evans hail any knowledge of the meditated
attack of Colonel Chivington upon the Indians
at Sand creek. Indeed, there was some testi-
mony before us which tended to show that
Chivington made (he attack without any knowl-
edge on the part of Governor Evans. I feel
that it is but just to Governor Evans to say this.
As to the Sand creek affair, 1 shall not speak
at the present time. I have already expressed
my opinion on that subject in very strong terms
in (he Senate.
Having said thus much, I come directly to
the consideration of the question that controls
my mind on this subject; and that is the ques-
tion of the population of the Territory of Col-
orado. In 1801 there was a census taken of
the population of Colorado, and the census
showed that there were there 18,223 males,
2,622 minors, and 4,484 females, making the
aggregate population 25,329. At that time
there were 10,580 voters in the Territory, or
one voter to every two and a half of the pop-
ulation. If you assume the relative propor-
tion of voters to the population to be as one
to two and a half you can form a very correct
estimate of the population during the years
1862, 1804, and 1865, for in each of those years
elections were held, and the votes of the peo-
ple of the Territory were taken. In 1861, as
1 have stated, there were 10,580 voters in a
population of 25,329. At the election held in
1862 there were 8,224 votes cast, and the same
ratio would give us a populatioo of 20,560. In
1864 tl^ere was another election held, at which
there wero 6,192 votes cast, and the same pro-
portion would give a population of 15,480. In
1865 there was another election held, and the
number of votes cast was 5,905. and the same
proportion would give a population of 14,762.
The question arises,_ if the population of
Colorado was 25,326 in 1861, how can it be
that that population now is but 14,762? The
causes are sufficient to any one who is familiar
with the history of the time. Colorado is sur-
rounded by other Territories full of mines, and
ttase miners, who are without families gen-
erally, can, without great expense, and without
any trouble or the breaking up of family ties,
at once migrate from one mining district to
another, and the mining districts of Idaho and
Montana have actually drawn off this popula-
tion from Colorado. General Pierce, the sur-
veyor general, says, speaking of the population
of Montana, that it was about 40,000, one
fourth of which came from Colorado. Accord-
ing to thatstatement nearly 10,000 of the min-
ing population left Colorado to goto Montana.
Others, perhaps, went in and to a certain extent
supplied their places.
Then, another cause has been in operation
to diminish the number of people in Colorado.
While the war was pending there were two or
three regiments raised in Colorado; they were
employed mostly in fighting the Indians, and
some few came further east into Kansas, and
into the service of the United States. The
Indian wars and difficulties upon the plains
interrupted the communication between the
States and Colorado, and made provisions in
Colorado so very expensive that it was impos-
sible for them to sustain mining operations
with any great degree of success; and it is a
fact which you, Mr. President, and I very well
know, (for we witnessed it with our own eyes
last summer,) that very many of the mining
operations wore suspended in Colorado. Out
of perhaps thirty mills but three or four were
in successful operation. In consequence of the
two facts to which I have referred, the emi-
gration of the miners into other districts, and
the interruption of communication across the
plains, the expenses of living and feeding a
single person wero at least five dollars a day.
How would it be possible in the Territory of
Colorado to maintain the successful operation
of mining at such a high price of provisions?
Mr. President, we know very well that in the
south part of Colorado, over in the San Luis
Park, the greater portion of the population is
Mexican, and we know from all accounts that
all that portion of the population are very much
opposed to Colorado coming as a State in the
Union in its present condition.
How, then, stands the question in relation
to the people of Colorado ? Do they desire to
be admitted ? Sir, the balance of the testimony
is decidedly against it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator, but I do not understand that the
people in New Mexico, or that portion of them
in Colorado, are at all opposed to it, because
New Mcxico herself has formed a constitution,
and I am glad to say they have not got the
word "white " in it, and they are coming here
to ask that they may be admitted. They are
acting with great unanimity in New Mexico on
the subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What I stated was that
that portion of the people residing in the south-
ern or southwestern part of Colorado, in the
valley of (lie San Luis Park, which is the Mex-
ican population, who speak Spanish, are very
much opposed to having Colorado admitted
into the Union as a State.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot see why they
should be so opposed to it, when the Mexicans
in New Mexico are in favor of a State. I have
yet to learn that that is so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That undoubtedly is the
fact.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say that
I have been there. The population of the San
Luis Park belong properly to New Mexico; all
their relations are there. They are opposed to
the organization of this Territory as a State,
being compelled to connect themselves with an
organization that is altogether American. They
are in favor of a State in New Mexico. I ex-
amined with great care the natural boundaries;
and the natural boundaries would throw that
population of some seven thousand into New
Mexico proper. Mere lines do not make the
boundaries of States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia states the fact that the San Luis Park,
which is separated from the residue of Colo-
rado by immense mountains, was settled by the
Spaniards, and settled from the direction of
New Mexico, and it is a Mexican population
speaking Spanish. They from the natural
boundaries belong to New Mexico; it is an
artificial line which has separated them from
New Mexico and embraced them within Colo-
rado. The fact that they desire to withdraw
from Colorado or have an act of Congress to
withdraw them from Colorado and allow the
San Luis Park, or a portion of it, to bo at-
tached to New Mexico is one reason, perhaps,
why they are opposed to Colorado coming in
as a State, including them.
But, Mr. President, if we come to the votes
themselves, what do the facts show? Do the
facts really show that the population of Colo-
rado desire to come into the Union as a State?
We passed a law and submitted the question to
the people of Colorado. They decided against
it by a vote of three to one in September, 1864,
when there was more population than there
was last September, 1865. They decided then
three to one against it; but since then, without
any law, by mere voluntary election, called
under a voluntary understanding of the com-
mittees of two political parties, a convention
was got together which formed a constitution
and submitted it to the people for their ratifi-
cation or rejection; and they held an election
at which the whole vote polled was 5,905, and
of that vote 155 is the majority in favor of the
constitution. Here are one hundred and fifty-
five persons more in the Territory of Colorado
who desire a constitution and State government,
than there are who are opposed to it, by the
vote that was taken last fall; and yet by the
vote which was taken a year ago when their
population was more numerous than it was last
fall, when the vote was heavier than it was last
fall, they decided against it three to one j there-
were hut 1,520 for it and and 4,672 against it.
Now, Mr. President, upon these facts, when
the population is so small, \vhen it is so doubt-
ful even whether the people of Colorado desire
or a majority of the people desire to be admitted
as a State, is it wise, is it just for us to pass this
bill to admit them as a State into this Union?
When I look at this as a practical question,
and think that the little county of Racine, in
which I live, which is principally an agricul-
tural county, a little county twelve miles by
twenty-four, has more voters and population
than this proposed State of Colorado which it
is sought now to admit into the Union with two
Senators on this floor, it seems to me so plain
that it is unwise for us to do it that I can hardly
argue the question. Here is a population of
not more probably than fifteen thousand. The
mayor of Denver, in the last letter which has
been read in the Senate bearing on this ques-
tion, claims that there may be a population of
thirty-five thousand in the whole Territory.
Suppose there were thirty-five thousand; that
is just about one fourth of the number sufficient
to entitle a district to one member of Congress,
for it requires over one hundred and twenty
thousand population to be entitled to one Rep-
resentative under the present ratio.
Sir, it is said that States have sometimes
been admitted with a small population. I
remember that Florida was admitted with avery
small population ; but who does not know that
it was a question connected with slavery that
forced Florida into the Union with that small
population, that Florida was to come in as a
slave State to balance against the State of Iowa,
which was afree State? So, too, in relation to
Arkansas. She came in with a small popula-
