1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the
obligation of contracts; from taxing imports
or exports without consent of Congress; from
laying tonnage duty; from keeping troops or
ships of war in time of peace; from entering
into any compact with another State or foreign
Power; from engaging in war unless invaded or
in imminent danger thereof; from refusing to
give full faith to records, &c., of .other States;
from infusing to surrender fugitives from justice
or labor: in requiring States to be tried in the
courts of the United States; requiring all their
officers to take an oath to support the Consti-
tution ; requiring them to pay State's proportion
of direct taxes; in prohibitingeither " State
from conferring any other emolument upon the
President than his salary; in requiring them to
furnish, at command of the President, their
militia; and in subordinating their "judges,"
"constitutions," and "laws" to the Constitu-
tion, laws, and treaties of the United States as
"the supreme law of the land."
It secures rights and confers powers upon
the States as States in each of the following re-
spects. It secures to each the right to elect at
least one Representative, to elect two Senators,
to cast one vote in ratifying constitutional amend-
ments, and in calling a convention to make such
amendments; to cast one vote in electing a
President in the House, to appoint in such man-
ner as the Legislature thereof may direct elect-
ors to elect a President and Vice President, to
fill by appointment vacancies in Congress, to
demand that "in the regulation of commerce
no preference shall be given to the ports of one
State over those of another," in securing equal
immunities to their respective citizens, in having
guarantied to them republican governments, in
being protected against insurrection and do-
mestic violence, in securing them from being
divided, &e.,andin enabling them to define the
qualification of electors for United States offi-
cers by fixing that of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislatures.
My object, Mr. Chairman, in reciting these
fifty or more supremely important provisions of
the Constitution, in every one of which it is evi-
dent, bolh by (lie nature and express terms of
the provisions themselves, and by the innumer-
able adjudications of the courts, that the Con-
stitution "deals with" the States, as such, was
not the frivolous one of showing that there were
more than "one or two" of these. My pur-
pose was the higher one of showing how base-
less that argument was which was based upon
the assertion that the Constitution did not deal
with States but individuals only, and that, there-
fore, not the States, but only individuals could
lose their rights under such Constitution. I
wanted not only to show the argument baseless
but that its precise opposite is the exact truth.
I wanted to show that the very body, soul, life,
and essence of the Constitution is penetrated,
pervaded, and characterized by and with this
recognition of the States, and of their high pow-
ers as such. I wanted to bring into view the
momentous and controlling fact which disposes
of this high constitutional question, that the
States are not only "dealt with" by the Consti-
tution, but that their powers as States in our
Government are absolutely vital. And I sep-
arated the obligations and restraints imposed
upon the States and their officers from the con-
ferments of rights and powers upon them, that
it might appear to all men and to the very chil-
dren who can read their Constitution, that, in
this marvelous great scheme of Government, as
in every other wise human Government, as well
as in God's, the enforcements of obligation are
coupled with and inseparable from the enjoy-
ment of rights; that prescribed qualifications
for the attainment of power must be possessed
and procced, and arc inseparable, from the ex-
ercise of power. I wanted to show that there
could be, under the Constitution, none of the
rights or powers of a State where there were
recognized none of the obligations or duties of
a State.
Sir, how long may this nation survive with a
Senate elected by rebel Legislatures; or with
treaties made by Senators chosen by rebel
States; or with a President selected by electors
chosen by the Legislature of South Carolina; or
with a President elected in a House of Repre-
sentatives where eachrebel State casts one vote;
or with a House of Representatives elected by
electors whom a rebel legislature would author-
ize to vote; or with officers over United States
forces appointed by rebel governors; or with
such constitutional amendments as would be
ratified by rebel legislatures ; or with a traitor
for President whom you could only remove by
the impeachment of a Senate elected by rebel
legislatures; or with such foreign ministers
and other officers of the United States as such
a Senate would confirm; or with a prohibition
upon your closing the ports of the eleven rebel
States to a commerce supplying them with all
the supplies of war, unless you also closed all
the ports of the other States ?
Sir, if the recital of these powers which the
States, as such, hold in governing this Union,
does not prove that a State in rebellion, and
whoso government and people are in actual hos-
tility to the United States, is not a component
part of this Union, during the continuance of
such rebellion, for the purpose of exercising
any power, then such recital does prove other
things. It proves that " Independence Hall"
was a mad-house from the 14th of May to the
17th of September, 1787; and that the madmen
there succeeded in devising a framework of
Government embodying in it a larger number
of separate and fatal instruments of self-slaugh-
ter than was ever combined in a Government
before, or than was ever dreamed by men who
make Utopias, or by them who form govern-
ments in Bedlam.
CONGRESS HAS ASSUMED TIIAT ItEBEL STATES HAD
NO RIGHTS AS STATES.
I admit that the action of this Government
was not, at all times during the war, harmoni-
ous nor consistent upon the matter of according
rights to rebel districts. It would have been
strange, indeed, if all such action, done, as it
was, in the midst of the awful events of such
wars, revolutions, and breakings up of the sys-
tems of governments, had been consistent upon
any subject. Besides, as mere measures of
war, there was constant temptation to err, if at
all, in the direction of according to loyalty in the
insurrectionary districts every possible protec-
tion and power, to the end that it might be
developed into support of a Government stag-
gering to its fall under the blows of treason.
But still the most solemn and deliberate ac-
tion of your Government in all its departments,
and recently all its actions, proceeds upon the
assumption that these rebel States had lost all
the rights of States.
Among these acts may be mentioned those
of July 13, 1801, and 80th of same month.
These have been held to he acts "regulating
commerce," (11 American Law Register, 419,)
and they close the ports of the rebel Stales to
all commerce and capture their ships upon the
seas. Andyetif these southern ports were ports
of States having the rights of States, you could
not only not close them "in regulating com-
merce," but you could give no port any pref-
erence over them. Again, in every revenue
and tariff act which you passed in regulating
commerce and the revenue since the war be-
gan, you have not only "given preferences"
against the southern ports, but you have pro-
vided for their being totally shut to all com-
merce. Could you provide in a tariff bill that
the ports of New York shall be open, and those
of Massachusetts closed? .
These are only examples.
POSITION OV THE PRESIDENT.
The President has assumed that the rebel
States ceased to be States in the sense I am
considering.
Jefferson Davis was captured May 9,1805;
and the last army of the rebellion was surren-
dered by Kirby Smith to General Cauby, 26th
of May, 1800. Then the military power of the
rebellion was extinct, and actual war was ended,
and the necessity for resort to mere war pow-
ers and expedients ceased. Then, too, the
laws and constitutions and powers ofSt&fegov-
ernments of these States sprang into life^hd
force if they were only put intd ^.beyanfee -tfyf the
war and could all come back into life and fotee
when the war was gone. - :
On the 29th of May, 1865, these' old Stete
constitutions had either eome to-be in foroe or
they had not. If they were in force at all, then
all 'their provisions were in force and binding,
just as much as New York's constitution was;
and could only be changed in; themode pre-
scribed^ by themselves. • Is it competent1 for
the United States to order New York to call a
convention and ehange her constitution? -* IS it
competent for the United States to order- it
changed in a way in total disregard to the niodes
of amendment which it prescribes as the -only
ones by which it can be amended ?
Now whathas happened in these rebel States ?
Take one example as a specimen of all. On
the 29th of May, 1865, President Johnson is-
sued a proclamation appointing Holden pro-
visional governor of North Carolina, and or-
dered him, under prescribed rules, to call a
convention for "altering or amending the con-
stitution of North Carolina," &c. But then
that constitution of North Carolina prescribes
how alone it can be altered. This mode is .by
bill read three times and voted for by three
fifths of the members of each branch of the
Legislature; then this bill must be published.for
six months before the election of the next Le-
gislature ; then tho next Legislature, by a t#o-
thirds vote in both Houses, must again approve
the amendment; and then it must be approved
by a majority of 'the voters of the State; and
then it is part of the constitution. ,The con-
vention ordered by the President is wholly un-
known to and in violation of lheoldconstituti<jn;
and if it was in force at all on the 29th of May,
it could no more be altered in that way,than
the constitution of England could. - He or-
dered a convention, he directed who should
vote, who should be eligible to sit in the con-
vention, and what oath they should take ; every
one of which orders would have been infiagrant
disregard of the constitution and laws of North
Carolina, if, on that day, she had any. .
Precisely the same thing, in principle, has
occurred in every rebel State except, perhaps,
three. By presidential proclamations newgov-
ernments have been professedly called ."into
existence since the war was ended, and si-nee
the old constitutions and laws were revived out
of abeyance, if they did revive. In every one
the new constitutions and governments have
been formed - in almost total disregard of the
provisions of the constitutions which they -pro-
fess to amend. Now, it is exactly impossible
to comprehend the action of the Executive ex-
cept upon the assumption that these State con-
stitutions and their governments had not revived
so as to control the methods of their own amend-
ment.
No, no, Mr. Chairman, the President him-
self tells the country, in the notable words of
his proclamation, where it is that he deems that
he gets this power to order States into exist-
ence. His words are, " Whereas - the fourth
section of the fourth article of the Constitution
of the United States declares that the United
States shall guaranty to every State in-the
Union a republican form of government, I,
Andrew Johnson, President and Commander-
in-Chief, " &c. Sir, here is an unmistakable
avowal of the source of his power and of the
cause that called that power forth. If the old
government and constitution of North Caro-
lina had in fact come back to her out of tho
suspended animation which the rebellion had
caused, then she on this 29th day of May al-
ready had a republican constitution, and it
needed no alterations to make it republican -nor
to guaranty one to her.
Sir, let me not be misunderstood. I am not
pointing to these acts of the President as wrong,
but to show that the President has dealt
this great question precisely in the view I main-
tain, to wit, that these old State governments
were so effectually overthrown thatthey do not
come into force at the end of thenar so as to
