3128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
any Senator thinks proper to move to strike it
out I should certainly vote in favor of striking
it out. The Treasury Department has one
Solicitor, and here is a proposition for an Assist-
ant Solicitor. I presume if this thing goes on,
it will be followed by requests for Assistant
Solicitors in the other Departments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Senator
conceded that so far as the Treasury Depart-
ment was concerned, it was absolutely neces-
sary to have a Solicitor. If the collection of
claims was all the business that was attended
to in the Solicitor's office, he would be entirely
right in saying that one Solicitor was enough.
But the business has increased there enor-
mously, and the committee came to the con-
clusion—I certainly did—that it was necessary
to have an Assistant Solicitor. The Solicitor
himself is obliged to be absent a great deal,
attending to business out of the office, attend-
ing to suit '. <fcc., and the constant recurring
business of the office is daily and almost hourly
such as to require attention of one Solicitor.
The committee examined the matter and became
perfectly satislied that at present, at least, and
probably for some years to come, it would be
nccessary to have an Assistant Solicitor there.
The business is enormous. If Senators will
only reflect that at present there is not a bureau
in the Treasury Department that has not more
to do than the whole Department had to do
before the war, they will have some idea of the
amount of business.
^ Mr. HOWARD. Has the Solicitor of the
Treasury made any complaint that he is over-
whelmed with business, so as to make this pro-
vision necessary ?
Mr. FESSLNDEN. Yes, sir; and it was
on his application, approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and on an examination of the
matter by the committee that this section was
reported. 1 have liere aletter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury recommending it.
Mr. HOWARD. Upon tlie request of the
present Solicitor?
Mr. KRSSKNDEIsr. I know that the present
Solicitor requested it, because he applied to mo
personally.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not know how that
may lie; I was myself not aware that there
was a. great pressure of business in the office
of the Solicitor of the Treasury. 1 was under
the apprehension that there was no great
necessity for the creation of an assistant offi-
cer of t hat doscripl ion.
Mr. KKSKENDJON. Is the Senator familiar
with the business of the office?
Mr. lIOWAli 1). Somewhat so.
Mr. FUSS UNI) UN. All that 1 can say is
that from tlie familiarity [ have with it I am
of a (lill'erent opinion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a now
section:
Sko, 6. Ami be it further emitted, That the fomato
clerks and counters employed in thcsovornl Depart-
ments and bureaus, \vho::o appointments arc made
by tho seveial heads of Departments muter author-
ity conferred by existing laws, and whoso legal com-
pensation now amounts t,o S720 each per annum shall,
from anil utter the liOth day of .lane, lStV>, rccoivo in
Jieu of all other compensation an nmmal salary of
e.ieli per annum; and tilts amount necessary to
pay the increased salaries herein provided for for
the lisval year ending .tune ::(l, 18(>7, is hereby appro-
priated out, of any moneyiu tlio Tieasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the following
as a substitute for that section:
That the female clerks and counters employed in
tho several Departments whoso legal compensation
amounts to $720 perannum, and whose appointments
arc made by the several hearts oi Departments under
the provt-uonsof hnv, and the female clerks employed
by the Post Office Deparl ment, may, at the discretion
and under tiic diiection ot said beads ot Departments,
be divided into three classes, each class to contain
not more than one third of the whole number so ap-
pointed; and those of the first class shall bo paid the
annual sum of $720, those of the second class the an-
nual sum of &8-10. and those of the third class the an-
nual sum of ;'JbO in ]icn of all other compensation ;
the same to coinincneo on tlio 1st day of July, 1866;
and the amount necessary to pay the increase of sal-
aries horein_provided for for the fiscal year ending
June oO, looi, is hereby appropriated.
Mr. SHERMAN". I wish to ask the Senator
having charge of the bill whether that covcrs
the ladies employed in the Department of Agri-
culture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it does. They
are employed under provisions of law, and that
covers it. He has authority to employ them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted, and the amendment, as amended,
was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section:
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That the addition
of twenty per cent, to the compensation of tho fe-
males, messengers,watchmcn, and laborers employed
in the several Departments, and under the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and the Commissioner
of Agriculture, and at the Capitol, by section three
of an act making appropriations for tho legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Government,
for the year ending June ■>'!, 1865, and for other pur-
poses, is horcby continued in force, and the amount
nccessary to pay tho same for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Navy is authorized to appoint in tho sev-
eral bureaus of his Department, in addition to their
chicf clerks, and in lieu of the clerical forcc now au-
thorized. clerks as follows, namely: in the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, one clerk of class four, two clerks
of class three, two dorks of class two, and one clerk of
class one; in the Bureau ot Navigation,one clerk of
class four and one clerk of class two; in the Bureau
of i'.Vjuipmcnl, and ltecruiting, one clcrk of class tour,
two clerks of class three, two clerks of class two, and
three clerks of class one; in the Bureau of Ordnance,
one clerk of class tour, two clerks of class three;
and two clcrks of cla=i3 two; in tho Bureau of Con-
struction and Ropairs, ono clerk of class four, two
clcrks of class three, two clerks of class two, and one
clcrk of class one; in tljo Bureau of Steam Naviga-
tion, ono clcrk of class thr.eo; in the Bureau of Pro-
visions and Clothing, ono clerk of class four, tlireo
clcrks of class threo, six clerks of class two, and throe
clerks of class ono: in the Bureau of Mcdicine and
Surgery, ono clerk of class four and one clerk of
class throe. And the amount nccessary to pay the
increase of salaries herein provided for for tho fiscal
year ending the HOth of Juno 1867. is hereby appro-
priated out of any monoy in tlio Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tlio next amendment was to add as a new
section ;
Skc.O. Andbc it further enacted, That the provisions
of llicactapproved April 2:1,1861, increasmgthceom-
pensation of inspectors of customs in ccrtain ports,
is hereby continued in forcc.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section:
Ski". 1(1, And he if further enacted, That in adjusting
the accounts of Stewart Gwynn, under and by au-
thority of "An act, making appropriations for tho
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the yea.rending 30th J unc, 1X66," for
printing-presses, machinery, material, and labor fur-
nished and supplied to the Trcasuiy Department, and
lor e„\ peniliturcs under the authority of theSeoretary,
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury arc
hereby authorized to allow to said Gwynn such sum
as may bo equitably duo, without deducting for
expenditures made by said Department, or under
authority thereof,_ upon said presses and machinery
lor the Shu pose ul' impro\ ing and repairing the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section:
, Kit. 11. And beit further enacted, That the sum of
VS'>,2,t> 50 be, and tho samo is hereby, appropriated
out ot any money in tho Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to purchase Indian annuity goods for the
Indians, parties tothctrcaty of Fort Laiamie, and for
tho Blaekfoot nation, to replace those destroyed by
fire on tho steamer Frank Bates, at St. Louis, April 7,
1866.
Mr. HOWARD. Ishould like to have some
explanation of the necessity of this clause from
the honorable chairman oi' the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is put in on the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Interior.
Wo were bound by treaty to furnish certain
goods to these Indians; the Government had
the goods to send to this nation in pursuance
of the treaty; they were put on board tlio
steamer Frank Bates at St. Louis and were
burned.
Mr. HOWARD. While they were in our
custody and before they were delivered?
Mr. 'FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CrlilMES. Let me inquire if this is
not the same claim that was at a former session
presented by the Senator from Wisconsin, and
opposed by the Senator from Maine on the
ground that it was a private claim and there-
fore should not be put on an appropriation
bill, and overruled on that ground.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand
it to be so. It is something that the Govern-
ment of the United States is bound to do by
treaty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is altogether a
different transaction from that alluded to by
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The goods were lost
in our hands, we being bound by treaty to de-
liver them, and the only question is, whether
we shall deliver them ? The Department says
it is very important that it should be done,
and done immediately, and we have therefore
put the provision in here.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance
are now disposed of.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 2, I move, in line
thirty-two to strike out "two" and insert
"three and in line thirty-four to strike out
"seventeen" and insert "sixteen;" so as to
read, "three messengers acting as assistant
doorkeepers, at $1,500 each; sixteen messen-
gers at $1,200 each." My object in moving
this amendment is to increase the salary of
Mr. Phipps, who sits at the right hand of the
President. ITe has been in the service of the
Senate for the last five years, a faithful, intel-
ligent officer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does he receive
now?
Mr. HARRIS. Twelve hundred dollars as
a mere messenger, while the assistant door-
keepers receive $1,500. I desire to put him
upon tho footing of the assistant doorkeepers.
The Senate will perceive by the language of the
provision that $1,500 is given to "messengers
acting as assistant doorkeepers." Mr. Phipps
has been here these live years, "in season and
out of seasonaman of all work, theservant of
tho Senators; and a more faithful and intelli-
gent man wo have not about the Senate. Iieally
1 have felt guilty for the last year or two that I
have not made some effort to give him more
adequate compensation. I make this motion
on his behalf and for this purpose alone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
feel inclined to object to this amendment; I
rccognizc the merits of the officer; but I hope
it will not bo construed into a precedent, or
that 1 shall not be held bound to accede to
everything else that may be proposed of the
same nature. The Senate will do as it pleases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatamendment makes
a change necessary in the amount of the gross
appropriation for the compensation of officers,
&e., in the service of the Senate. I move to
raise the amount in lines forty-seven and forty-
eight, on page 3, from $80,651 to $80,954.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend tlio
bill by striking out the word "ten" and in-
serting "twenty" in line nine hundred and
seventy-four, on page 40. It will be observed
that the clause to which I propose this amend-
ment provides an appropriation of $10,000 for
compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerk, and
contingent expenses of the Legislative As-
sembly of tho Territory of Washington. My
amendment raises the amount to $20,000. It
will be observed that in the Territories of Ari-
zona, Idaho, and Montana, the bill provides
for the same purposes $20,000. In some of
the other Territories the amount ranges from
$10,000 to $18,000. I have in my hand a let-
ter from the secretary of the Territory repre-
senting that this amount is wholly inadequate
to the wants of the Territory. I will read a
portion of it for the information of the Senate:
"I have tho honor to call your attention to lines
lime hundred and twenty-three, nine hundred and
