4088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
July 24,
on the ground, I suppose, that the burden upon
the Treasury will he less.
Now, reverse the picture. That is-the equal-
ization .of the b,oui>tieg for,us,' "Where is the
equalization of the.J)urde,ns upon the States on
the othar hand? The State of Vermont pays
one half of one .per cent, and a little over of all
the internal taxes of the country. It is a small
sum, to he sure, fractionally; frutthe,result is,
under this measure as provided for by the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, if it will
take, for illustration,, $200,000,000. to accom-
plish the object, it will be the duty of the State
of Vermont to contribute from the labor of her
people $l,000,000toward it. Therefore, while
you profess to equalize the bounties to soldiers
in Iowa and the other States, where they did
not provide for them in the time of need, you
call upon the State of Vermont to pay over a
million dollars to those States without receiv-
ing a penny of compensation or bounty in re-
turn. Certainly, if that equalizes bounties, it
unequalizes, if there be such a term, the burden
of taxation which our Constitution and laws
require to be imposed equally upon the States.
For one, sir, 1 object decidedly to this late
species of gratitude which, in order to show
your generosity toward the soldiers of one sec-
tion of the country, takes from the pockets of
the soldiers of another section (because they
are at home and hard at work, all who have not
their graves in the South) the mon.ey to make
that good. If the State of Iowa or the State
of Indiana or any other State feels that she has
not done justice to her soldiers as the time went
by, it is not too late for her to show it. They
have the power of taxation in those States, I
suppose. They know the wants of their local
soldiery. They are quite competent and able
to provide for them. Why call upon us who,
as the time went by, made proper and efficient
provision, so that we were not only just but
generous to our soldiers, and they are satisfied
with it.
I do not wish to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate ; but, sir, it appears to mo that in these
considerations we have rather underrated the
material of which these soldiers are composed.
As has been said by the Senator from Ohio,
they are not mercenaries, they are not hire-
lings, they are not persons whose favor, polit-
ical or otherwise, is to bo bought and sold by
the paltry bid of a few bounf iesjustnow. They
arc I,he citizens, they are the responsible men
of the nation; they are the owners of property,
small, to be sure, individually, but property
which is sacrod to and cared for by them. They
feel the responsibilities and the troubles that
are imposed upon us now in the way of keep-
ing clear and pure our public faith as highly
as any Senator in this Chamber does. 1 do
not believe that they will feel complimented
by any extraordinary effort at this time, under
a profession of equalizing bounties, to unequal-
ize and disturb the burdens imposed upon the
different States and to imperil in a large degree
the public faith and the public credit.
Thus much I have said in relation to the
pending amendment as it applies to my State.
vY hen the amendment in chief comes to be
considered 1 may have something to say upon
tho details of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that
I did not offer this amendment in the interest
of Iowa soldiers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only spoke of Iowa as
an illustration.
Mr. GRIMES. I am very happy to be able
to say that I am a citizen of a State that was
not compelled to pay seven dollars a month
additional to each one of its soldiers to induce
them to go into the Army. The entire amount
of public indebtedness created by my State—
and lei me remark that when the last draft was
proposed there was a surplus of three years'
men from the State of Iowa of twelve thousand
and eighty—the entire public indebtedness cre-
ated by my Sta te to send seventy-nine thousand
men to the field was only $500,000. I had no
allusion to the State of Vermont. The remarks
of, the Senator as to the ability of the State of
Iowa,to protect her own soldiers, or any dis-
position on the part of that State to legislate
specially for her interests and against the inter-
ests-of Vermont, were'hardly called for.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I<beg the Senator from
Iowa not to suppose that 1 had any personal
reference to thq.t particular State. I did not
know but what Iowa paid her soldiers twenty
dollars a month ; she is rich enough to do it;
but what I intended was to show the inequality
of the proposition, not to apply to that partic-
ular State any scheme whatever.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, pend-
ing the war, I felt it to be my duty to favor the
policy of filling up the Army by the inducement
of large bounties rather than the enactment of
conscription laws. Having done that, I now
feel it to be my duty to equalize the bounties
as nearly as may be possible. Upon the par-
ticular amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa I have just this to say: I cannot vote
for it, for I think it is not a propositionto equal-
ize bounties. He proposes to set off against one
class of the soldiers the bounties that were given
to thorn by the local authorities. I suggest to
him that the soldiers who enlisted during the
last two years of the war and who received $300
and $400 bounty from the General Government,
received also quite as iarge local bounties as
those who enlisted in the first and second years
of the war, and who received but $100 bounty.
Indeed, to the extent of my observation, I am
satisfied that the local bounties received by the
soldiers during the last year or two years of the
war were larger than the local bounties received
during the earlier part of the war. Is it right,
then, to set off, in the adjustment of the boun-
ties and in equalizing them, the local bounties
which were less the first and second years of
the war than they were during the latter part of
it? In other words, the soldiers who received
large bounties from tho Government received
large bounties also from the local authorities;
and I think the proposition is not one tending to
equalize them.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, this is, in my
judgment, a great question. The amount that
it will take to equalize these bounties is very
large. I have reflected upon the subject ever
since it has been first mentioned. It will,
undoubtedly, burden the Government some-
what to equalize these bounties ; and yet I
cannot persuade myself, notwithstanding all
the difficulties that may accrue to the country
in consequence of their payment, that they
ought not to be paid. There is no Govern-
ment in the world yet that has done entire
justice to its soldiery, in my judgment.
Now, sir, when this war broke out, all of us
adjourned and went home for the purpose, as
much as anything else, of persuading our peo-
ple to turn out into the field and to meet all
the perils and privations of WEvr. I was one
of those thatrfwent home for that purpose. I
did all I could to persuade the able-bodied
men to believe that it was their duty to turn
out and defend their country. As a general
thing, it was not the rich, the wealthy, and
the powerful that turned out. The hardships
of campaigning and the perils and privations
of war have no charms for those whose cir-
cumstances enable them to live at home at
ease. All those burdens as a general thing
fell upon those who were least able to bear
them ; and although it may cost considerable
to pay them off generously, nevertheless they
deserve it. It ought to be the peculiar prov-
ince of a republican Government to see that its
soldiers are paid, anjj paid generously and well.
Who is there that has property, and lives at
ease to-day, that does not feel that he owes
that {property and that ease to the toils, the
privations, and the perils of these men who,
taking their lives in their hands, went forth to
meet this accursed foe of ours ? Ought we not
willingly to part with a portion of our means
in their favor ? Men do not like to part with
their possessions; but if they ever were com-
pelled to do so for any purpose that was laud-
able, just, right, and politic for a republican
Government to do, it would be to do justice
and to deal generously and bounteously with
our soldiers.
I find that gentlemen here have no hesita-
tion in rewarding with great honors find ->o-
cuniary emoluments the officers of your Army
who have gone forth and done themselves
honor; for honors will accumulate upon the
heads of those who command your armies in
the field; yea, sir, bequests will be heaped
upon their heads. We find no difficulty in
obtaining any amount of votes here to heap
honors and emoluments upon them. That is
all right; I am not here to complain of it. The
man who is capable.of leading your armies to
victory, ought to come out of it with honor,
and will always be dealt with generously and
bounteously. But, sir, the privations of your
officer are as.nothing compared to the privations
aud hardships of the soldier; and what a pit-
tance does the soldier get compared to the pay
you give to the officer. His merits are as great;
hi3 compensation cannot be as great; but nev-
ertheless what it can be by taking from the
property of those whose property has been de-
fended by the soldier, it ought to share and
share generously of that bounty which he has
protected and saved from destruction. From
all the thought I can give this subject, it seems
to me, whether it comes as a great burden
upon this Government or whether it does not,
there is property enough when properly shared
with the soldier to deal generously with him,
and I cannot persuade myself that wo ought
not to do it. There is wealth enough in the
country to do it. It will take somewhat from
the property of those who have it in abundance
to contribute toward this fund; but never was
there a fund more meritorious than this; never
was a bounty propoged to men more due to
them than this. Sir,*, is no gratuity. They
have saved the country from ruin and destruc-
tion. But for their exertions, their perils, and
their blood, you would have nothing to bestow.
Let us then look the thing in the face as they
looked the enemy in the face, and ive shall
find no difficulty and the Government will find
no difficulty in doing justice to its soldiery. I
am their advocate here, and 1 am ready to give
the vote, although it may burden property, to
pay off the just dues of these men.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
Mr. CONNESS. We had better have the
yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bucltalew, Clark,
Conness, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Grimes, Guthrie,
Henderson, Johnson, Ncsmith, Pomerov, Ramsey,
Riddle, Sherman,Sprague, Van Winkle, Willey, and
Williams—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Crcswell, Edmunds, Fos-
ter, Harris, Hendricks, Howard, llowe, Lane, Mor-
gan, Morrill Nye, Poland, Sumner, Trumbull, Wado,
Wilson, and Yates—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Fessenden, Kirk-
wood, MoDougall, Norton, Saulsbury, Stewart, and
Wright—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to add to the eighth
section of the amendment:
Surgeons' and paymasters' stewards shall be in-
cluded within theprovisions of this section, andshall
be entitled to the same bounty as seamen.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. C0NNESS._ The impropriety of offer-
ing such a bill as this in this shape as an amend-
ment is apparent from the fact that we have
not copies of it before us. Now, I discover by
an examination of the first section of it, that in
all probability its terms would not apply to a
single volunteerthat enlisted in my State during
the war. The class of volunteers who enlisted
there into the service of the United States and
fought the Indians for more than a year are
