2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
upon the table by an immense majority. The
decision of the chairman of the convention
was that, they were lost, that the motion to
lay upon the table had carried. I am not
here to say that that was not the fact, because
the convention was not divided ; but I think I
am warranted in saying that it could not have
been by a very large majority of the conven-
tion, because I have been informed by a great
many very candid gentlemen who were mem-
bers of that convention that, judging by the
sound, thsra was actually a majority against
laying the resolutions on the table, but the
chairman decided otherwise. I believe it was
the last vote taken in the convention, after a
great many members had left the building and
left the town, when all were in a hurry to go.
It was the last vote taken except the formal
vote of adjournment, and the convention was
not divided.
But, Mr. President, that the Union party of
Wisconsin did think that the ballot ought to be
put into the hands of the colored population in
Wisconsin my colleague will not deny. That
a very large majority of them voted in favor of
putting the ballot into their hands, he certainly
will not deny, for the record proves it. My
colleague thought, and so advised, that it was
unsafe'to commit the party to that proposition.
I thought otherwise then. J told him that I
thought otherwise. I think otherwise now.
With all the light which the late election has
given me on the subject, I think it would have
been wise for that convention to have recom-
mended to the people of Wisconsin to accord
suffrage to the few hundred black men within
the limits of that Slate.
My colleague says that he voted for extending
the right of suffrage and he advocated it before
the people. 1 am glad to hear him say that he
vol eil for it. I shall not undertake to say that he
didnotadvoeute.it; but my colleague will al-
low me to say to him that if ho did advocate
the extension of suffrage in our State last fall,
he did not do himself full justice; that ho is
capable of advocating a cause more ably, more
conclusively, and, when he is advocating a good
cause, as that, was—he admits it or he would
not have advocated it at all—ho is capable of
advocating it. more successfully than he did
that. I recollected,when he made thisstatemont
yesterday, a speech which he made in the city
of Milwaukee, and which was published exten-
sively through that State, and which was pub-
lished in the National Intelligencer in this city,
and was headed his ''speech on negro suf-
frage." That was the only speech of his I ever
saw or lieardof advocating negro suffrage; and
now 1 want to call his attention more particu-
larly to one or two extracts from that speech,
to vindicate what I hare just told him, that it
was not his best style of advocacy:
"Now, then, fellow-citizens, wliile I myself, ranro
than twenty years n^o, intho State of Now York ad-
vocated the extension of suH'rase to the colored moil
there, because 1 belie\cd that a larxe majority of
them were of sufficient. intelligence to exorcise that
ri'-dit, anil although when it was submitted in Wis-
consin t voted tor its extension and expect to vote
for it attain when I ko to the polls, I tcil you I will
not consent to make (his question a matter of closo
communion in the Union party in Wisconsin. Gen-
tlemen tell me that this is arcuinc from motives of
expediency. Sir, it isai'Kuin^ from the highest expe-
diency, do'm^: tllat which is n-rhi, and therefore is
always the best. I maintain that at the present rime
the linihcot, duty of the members ot the Union party
is to maintain their supremacy m the administration
of t his Uovermucnt. until the rebellion is over, and
until the fruits of this struggle are gathered. It is
not only suicidal but a crime of the highest magni-
tude in us now to become divided and disorganized,
and thus surrender the Government into the hands
of a party who,has opposed and embarrassed it. dur-
ing the prosecution of thowar. Yon know very well
and we all know that this matter of prejudice, foi-
ls ou may call it by that name, if by no other, is the
most difficult of all things to manage in tlio human
hear!. You cannot reason with it, but it is a stub-
born fact."
Now, Mr. President., I think I have read all
there is in that specch in support of extending
tlie right of suffrage to the negro. 1 am not
complaining of my colleague for not saying any
more last fall in defense of that law.
M r. DOOM TThl'L My col league wi 11 allow
me to state, without interrupting him, that in
the convention to which he refers, I stated the
same, and also in all my speeches that were
published. I perhaps did not argue it at length
for we were fighting other matters than that
question; we were fighting to carry the Union
party, and we did it.
Mr. HOWE. I do not dispute but that my
colleague might have said as much as this in
the convention which he attended. I do not
dispute but that he might have said as much
as this at some other meetings that he attended
in that State. All I am saying or insisting
upon is, that it is not as much as he can say
in defense of a cause that he has at heart and
wants to carry. He can do better than that,
and therefore I infer that the extension of the
suffrage to the negro did not have his best
efforts last fall. I think, Mr. President, that
if he and if that convention had lent to
that measure of right and of justice the full
benefit, the full weight of their names and their
indorsement, the vote of that State would have
been given in favor of the law.
Sir, if you look at the return of that vote you
will find that while in most preeinets the vote
for the extension of suffrage fell below that
given for the State ticket somewhat, in a great
many of the preeinets they ran rightalong paral-
lel to each other, indicating that the same indi-
viduals who voted for the State ticket voted for
the extension of suffrage, showing to a great
extent that it was a party question, so treated
in those precincts. The men who made up the
Union party in those precincts were just like
the men who composed the Union party in all
the other precincts; but it happened that in
the towns there wore here and there politicians
who thought there was something to be made,
some evidences of wisdom to be exhibited, by
avoiding the question of suffrage, and their
influence was given against it; and you could
almost count the individuals who reduced the
vote for negro suffrage below the vote given for
the State ticket. If the convention had in-
dorsed that measure, as they indorsed the
Stale ticket, wo should not have seen these
evidences, I think; and I think so the more,
because of a very peculiar fact not at that time
known to my colleague, and I am sorry to say
not known to myself. That peculiar fact was
that, the law of our State at that very time did
secure to every adult colored man the right to
vote. The advice that my colleague gave to
that convention, and upon which they acted,
was simply this: it is not safe for you to put
into your platform a measure which stands as
the law of the State to-day. In 1849, if I am
not mistaken in the year, the people of that
State, a majority of them voting upon the ques-
tion, voted to extend the right of suffrage to
this very class. It was decided by the canvass-
ers at the time that- that was not sufficient to
clothe them with the right, and they never
claimed or exercised it until the late election.
Then they did claim it, and it was denied to
them; a suit was commenced, and since that
time the supreme court of the State have de-
cided unanimously that, the vote given sixteen
years ago did confer upon them the right of
suffrage; and my colleague will not insinuate,
nor will any man that knows the individuals
composing that court, that, it was dictated or
influenced in any degree by political or partisan
feeling. No one will assert that. Nay, more,
I have not yet. seen the first paper uttering the
opinions of the Democratic party in that State,
which assails the soundness or the justice of
that decision of the supreme court.
Mr. President, the three measuresupon which
iny colleague has differed most broadly from
his former political associates in this body, and
which have occasioned the most regret, not to
say grief, among our friends in the State of
Wisconsin, I believe may be said to be first his
action upon that proposition recently pending
which proposed to declare that those rebel
States should not seiufc representatives back
hero except with the assent of Congress em-
bodied in an act; secondly, the vote he gave
upon the question submitted to the Senate,
Shall the bill extending and enlarging the pow-
ers of the Freedmen's Bureau be passed not-
withstanding the objections of the President?
and thirdly, the vote he recently gave upon
the proposition to pass the civil rights bill, so
called, under the same circumstances and over
the veto of the President.
Now, I must be allowed to say, and to say
very frankly, that not onljr is no one of these
votes sanctioned by the action of the late State
convention in Wisconsin, but every one of them
is condemned by the express action of my col-
league himself. He himself has declared indi-
vidually against every one of these votes. The
record has been presented here over and over
again, showing that two years ago he voted for
a proposition declaring in very words that no
one of these States should send back repre-
sentatives here until the assent of Congress was
declared.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask my colleague
how he voted on that question; for or against it?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable mem-
bers will excuse me, I rise for the purpose
of inquiring what is the question before the
Senate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Theques-
tion is, Shall the vote refusing to admit the
Territory of Colorado as a State into the
Union be reconsidered ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do notsee that this dis-
cussion has much reference to that question.
Mr. HOWE. I am surprised that the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland does not see
the point. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not.
Mr. HOWE. If this is not germane to that
question, I cannot conceive very well what
should be. [Laughter.] I am very clear that
it is germane to the debate which has taken
place on the question, and I supposed that the
present debate was strictly in order; therefore
in carrying it out I supposed that I was strictly
in order.
But to answer the question of my colleague,
I believe the record shows that I did not vote
on that question. I believe the investigation
shows that I was engaged at the time on the
Finance Committee. I want to say that if I
had been here, I do not think there is any
rational doubt that I should have voted for that
proposition, because the record of the debates
which have taken placc here will show that I
have made repeated demands since 18U1 for
such a legislative declaration as that was.
Mr. President, I refer to that little passage
of history now in connection with the state-
ment of my colleague that his vote was sanc-
tioned by the State convention, simply, as I
said, to show that not only the State con-
vention was silent upon that precise point, but
that ho himself had committed himself to the
doctrine which is now entertained by the great
bulk of his friends on this floor.
The second vote which he gave here, and
which has occasioned great regret among our
friends at home, was the vote he gave on the
passage of the Freedmen's Bureau bill, so
called, over the veto of the President. The
expediency of that measure, and its constitu-
tionality, I suppose, hehadhimself declared, as
I understand, having voted in favor of its pas-
sage when it passed the Senate. To that lie
had given his assent. Of course, when he voted
for that bill he was not voting in defiance of
instructions which the late State convention
had given him. He did not understand that
that State convention had incorporated any-
thing into their platform which precluded him
from voting for the passage of that bill. If he
had, he would not have voted for it.
When the civil rights bill, so called, passed
the Senate, I believe my colleague did not vote
for it; but I believe he did say,-subsequently,
that if lie had been in his place he should have
voted for it; and would he have said so, will
he assert now that he would have made such a
declaration, if he had supposed that the late
State convention had instructed him against
giving any such vote? I do not conceive that
he would have made any such declaration.
