3130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
liver to tho Secretary of thelnterior for distribution,
according to existing laws, three hundred copies of
such of the annual reports of that court as shall bo
hereafter published.
The amendment is in conformity to a recom-
mendation from the Secretary of the Interior,
which is accompanied by a letter from the re-
porter. The number ot copies x>f the reports
of the decisions of the Supreme Court now fur-
nished is not sufficient to supply the officers at
present entitled to them under the law, amHt
is necessary to have a larger number.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do we not pay for
those copies?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will ob-
serve the wording of this amendment, he will
see that three hundred copies are to be fur-
nished.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But do wc not pay for
the copies that are furnished?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, 110. The whole
matter is explained in the communications
which I hold in my hand, and perhaps it will
be shorter to have them read than to trouble
the Senate with a verbal explanation. I send
the letters to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read the following letter from
the Secretary of the Interior:
Department of thk Interior,
Washington, 1). C., April f , 1860.
Sir: t have the honor to transmit tho inclosed
copy of a letter to me, from John W. Wallace, Esq.,
reporter of the Supreme Court ot the United States.
1 respectfully suhniit that tho facts and considera-
tions stated by Mr. Wallace incut early attention,
and that the changes suggested in the existing law
should reccivo the sanction of Congress.
The sixth section of tho act of March 2,1861, (12
Statutes, p. 245.) as well as tho act of July 9, 1842, (,5
Statutes, p. 515.) cited by Mr. Wallace, provides for the
distribution of tho Decisions of tho Supreme Court,
and extends it to public officers not thcretoforo en-
titled to them. No iucrcaso in tho number of copies
bevond that named in tho act of 18421ms boon author-
ized, while the extension ot our territorial and other
federal courts will render the number insufficient for
the demand. The fust volume of "Wallace's Reports is
now exhausted, although all persons who are en-
tilled luivo not received it.
I inclose, a draft of an amendment to tho ponding
bill making appropriations for tho legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of tho Government for
tho year ending tho 30th of June, 1867.
i nave tho honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient sen ant,
JAMES IIARLAN,
*S'ccrctary.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, Chairman Judiciary. Commit-
tec, Senate 0/ the United $tat(.n.
Ml*. TRUMBULL. Tho other letter is a
letter of the reporter, showing the necessity
for this provision. I do not know that it is
necessary to read it after the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. KESSENDKN, 1 wish to hear it. 1
am not yet satisfied.
Tho Secretary read the following letter:
SuiMiEUK Court or tup: Umtkp St \tks,
Washington, D. t\, fchruiu-u :T>,
Sir: By act of Congress paved in 18.37 Congress
gave to the reporter ot < he decision-* of tho Supreme
Court of tho United States SI,000 a year, and he was
to give the Government eighty copies of lus annual
volume in return.
Eighty copies not being found enough for the needs
of the Government, nor $1,000 for tho reporter, an act,
was puhsod in 1842 (f> Statutes, 515) giving him $1,300,
he giving tho Government one bandied and fifty
copies in return; audit being provided that he would
not soil his book to the public at large for a price ex-
ceeding five dollars a volume.
By this act of v. former day the reporter's obligation
to the Government and recompense from it arc still
governed.
It gave tho reporter for several years a compensa-
tion of something over three thousand dollars a year.
But it did so only in conscquenco of two facts:
1. That the reports were published in tho cheapest
Btyle every way.
2. Tiia', ™ tho "long term," as it is called, tho re-
porters would issue, when the occasion allowed, two
volumes a year, instead of one ; and that Congress,
on these various occasions, gave them $2,600 instead
of SI,300.
But with the increased co^t of paper, printing,bind-
ing, and other items of production, that which was
formerly a compensation is now no compensation at
all, and may even end in considerable loss.
Tho cost of publishing one thousand copies of one
of Mr. Howard's volumes, say the last one. the twenty-
fourth, was thus, as shown by the publisher's books:
Composition, stereotyping, and press-work... #978 07
Paper  848 13
Binding...,  400 00
Total cost of 1,000 volumes (Howard) SI,721 20
The cost of publishing ono thousand copics of 2
Wallace, the paper for which cost $196 58 less than
the paper for volume one, was thus:
Composition,stereotyping, and press-work...$2,087 89
Paper  769 50
Binding  730 00
Models, patented machines, and mapsin land
cases about Government tax, exactsumnot
recalled, but on volume one  75 77
Total cost 1,000 volumes (Wallace) $3,863 06
Supposing the former reporter to have sold one
thousand volumes, say at four dollars each, a large
price, expenses being deducted, he got:
Gross 34,000 00
Deduct cost of production  1,72-1 20
Net profit (formerly) $2,275 80
Supposing nje to sell same number at the same full
price, I get:
Gross $4,000 00
Deduct cost  3,863 06
Net profit (at present)  $136 94
Difference $3,138,86
I make no remark on the fact that the five months'
stay in Washington, which formerly cost tho report-
ers say, eighty dollars per month, $400, cost now, at
$160 a month, what X pay for board accommoda-
tions, $800.
The sales of the United States Supreme Court Re-
ports arc not large, so many of tho cases arc of local
interest only; so many 011 fact alone; tho reports of
tho State courts have become so numerous and come
so immediately homo to the daily business of the bar
that sales of much more than one thousand copies
are not to be counted on. After selling 0110 thou-
sand copies of 1 Wallace, I invited the Johnsons,
friends of mine, and large booksellers in Philadel-
phia, who had paid me liberally for other copyrights,
to make me an offer for the copyright of the book
just named. Their reply was, "After the first thou-
sand copies sold sales are so small and so slow that
the copyright is not worth making you an offer for;"
and they would make nono. My own volumes have
sold, I believo, better than any since Wheaton's: but
even tho sales of my volume one, published two
years ago nearly, scarco return cost. If paper will
only go somewhat higher than it is. I need only to
sell enough copies to be ruined, and Mr. Black aban-
doned tho office at the end of a second term.
If tho Government would only take three hundred
copies, giving tho reporter $2,500 for them, provided
they are delivered in eight months after the end of
tho teun, matters. 1 think, would stand on a more just
basis; tho necessities of the. Government for tho de-
cisions of tho Supremo Court have quite outgrown,
1 should think, tho old act of 1842. Circuit, district,
and torritoi ial judges to whom this act gave copics in
virtue of their offices have multiplied and arc increas-
ing, and the saino is true of tho Departments gener-
ally, L should think.
I submit tho whole matter to you, and am, with
groat respect, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILLIAM WALLACK,
Iteporta, <£ e.
Hon. JaMKS Harlan, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The whole purport of
it is this: the reporter now has a salary of
$1,300 nnd gives us one hundred and fifty
copies ; this proposition is that he shall have
$2,f>00and furnish us with three hundred copies.
The Secretary of the Interior says more copies
are necessary to furnish the persons entitled
to thorn. The matter was considered in Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary and the letter of Mr.
Wallace was examined. We all know that the
expense of getting up these books is twice what
it was. The three hundred volumes which he
is to furnish will cost the Government a little
over eight dollars a volume. That would be
an extravagant price for them, more than the
books are worth if we were to purchase tliem in
the market; but we pay that much additional
in order to give the reporter a salary. That
is what it amounts to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do we need three hun-
dred conies?
Mr. 111UMBULL. That is what the Secre-
tary of tho Interior says ; he has recommended
it. I have made no calculation myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, I shall not
object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another amend-
ment that I desire to move, and I think the best
place to insert it will be on page 25 at the end
of line five hundred and eighty-eight:
For replacing to tho credit of the judiciary fund
the amount withdrawn therefrom and expended upon
the custom-house at New Orleans, $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether it would not be better to put it in
another place.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not just increase the
judiciary fund $4,000?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is better to specify.
I suggest that after the word "repealed" in
line five hundred and eighty-seven the amend-
ment" be inserted in this form: "and to place
to the credit of the judiciary fund the amount
of §4,000 withdrawn therefrom and expended
upon the custom-house at New Orleans," and
then to make the total amount of appropri-
ation for the judiciary fund $304,000 instead
of $300,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will put the amend-
ment in that form.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In connection with the
same subject I desire to offer another amend-
ment which will come in independently, I think,
at the end of line five hundred and fifty-eight
as well as anywhere:
For paying to Messrs. Gfallier & Estabrook, of New
Orleans, in full tho balance duo tliem for work done
on and materials furnished for that part of the
custom-house building reserved for the use of tho
Federal courts, $4,268 65.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that a private
claim ? £
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know but that
it would come within the category of a private
claim ; but the fact is that this work was done
on the custom-house at New Orleans by an
arrangement between the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury and the Secretary of the Interior. The
term for which the buildings used as court-
rooms in the city of New Orleans were leased
being about to expire, the proprietors raised
the rent—doubled it. It was reported hero that
there were rooms in tho custom-house which
could be fitted up that would accommodate the
courts, and it would be a saving to the Gov-
ernment to take them for that purpose. A
correspondence took place between the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Secretary of the
Interior. It was proposed to have those rooms
fitted up, and it was done under the direction
of the Secretary of tho Treasury with the under-
standing that the Secretary of the Interior
should advance the sum of $4,000, which we
have just provided for to accomplish the work.
It was estimated that the work would cost
S5,000, and the Secretary of the Treasury, I
believe, agreed to pay $1,000, and the Secre-
tary of thelnterior $4,000 ; butinstead of cost-
ing $5,000 it greatly exceeded the estimate, as
is often the case, and cost the additional amount
named in this amendment. The vouchers and
papers are here showing it. The Secretary of
tho Interior sent us a communication askingto
have tho §1,000 refunded to the judiciary fund
and this balance paid.
If the .Senator from Maine thinks the amend-
ment cannot be received here we shall be in-
volved in the necessity of getting at it in some
other shape. It is a claim that will have to be
paid. The work has been done, and done in
the way I have stated. I do not know whether
the case can be distinguished from other pri-
vate claims so as to let it go on this bill, but
if it can be it had better go here, because it
belongs properly to this subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there was any law
authorizing this work to be done I suppose the
provision might properly come in here ; and if
it was an outside arrangement of the two Sec-
retaries to have it done without authority, it
being a matter that they are indebted for, I do
not know but that the Senator might get the
amendment on this bill if he would put it in a
different shape. I believe, however, it does
not meet the approbation of my friend from
Illinois in ordinary cases for the Secretaries to
undertake to do anything without authority
of law. 1 suppose, probably, this was neces-
sary and wise action under the circumstances.
I ask for the reading of the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
word it differently, so as to make it a simple
provision to enable the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to pay for expenses incurred in providing
a court-room in New Orleans, there will be
