4000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
upon Charybdis; The honorable Senator from
Vermont showed that very clearly. Are we to
tax those States which did pay their full pro-
portion of bounties to their soldiers in order to
make up for those States which did not? In
my State, Yery much in the condition of Ver-
mont, we paid large bounties and raised large
relief funds. Now, shall we be taxed to make
up the deficit which occurred by the negligence
or default of other States? Certainly not. It
is utterly unjust and unfair to tax a State which
has paid her full share, or'to tax the county or
the township or the town or the individual.
The honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] says not default or negligence, but
excess of patriotism." Well, if we are to pay
for that excess of patriotism at this late day-, I
should like to be very well assured of it. We
thought it was an excess of patriotism to pay
upon the counter, upon the nail. If Iowa
clioseto postpone the day of payment, we have
no objection that she shall pay now if she will.
But, Mr. President, there is another general
objection to this project, which in my mind is
equally fatal to it, and that is, its utter and total
impossibility. When you come to contemplate
• the magnitude of the subject, the idea of ad-
justing the equities—because that is what you
want to get at, not to equalize the bounties but
to adjust the equities between the nation gen-
erally, not the nation particularly, the United -
States and the individual, but between the
United States, the States, the counties, the
towns, the boroughs, the cities and the indi-
vidual—the idea cannot be carried out. Think
of it for one moment; think of the magnitude of
that task, and think of the difficulties that stare
yon in the face at every foot of the way when
yon attempt to adjust the equities between a
million of men and half a dozen of employers.
How is it to bo done? It i  utterly and totally
impossible, and in attempting it you will do
wrong to just as many soldiers as you will ben-
efit by the operation; you imperil the Treasury
of the country ; yon impose burdens upon in-
nocent people, people who have paid hereto-
fore their full share of the burdens of the coun-
try, and what do you gain ? I am told that not
one tenth of this appropriation will ever go
into the pockets of the soldiers. These claims
are now in the hands of brokers and specula-
tors of all kinds, who ever since the war closed
have been buying up the discharges of the sol-
diersinorderthat they might come in for some
share in an appropriation of this kind.
There is one law on this subject which I
believe I would cheerfully vote for, and that is
a law declaring that we would, at some time
or other, pay assignees of these discharges;
and after all the discharges had been assigned,
then I would vote for another law to declare
that we would not pay them. That, perhaps,
would throw the burden upon the right shoul-
ders.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh,-no; let us vote.
The question being put, the motion was no I
agreed to; there being, On a division—ayes IT,
noes 20.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to come in at the end of the first
section of the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest whether it would
not be better to take the sense of the Senate
on the amendment as it stands; we can perfect
it afterward when the bill comes into the Sen-
ate, if it shall be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well; I withdraw
my proposition.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I now repeat the ques-
tion which I had the honor to submit to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Mii-
tary Affairs a few moments ago, and to which*
I have not yet received an answer. I want to
know why it is that this amendment of his ap-
pears to provide against allowing a bounty of
eight and one third dollars a month, or any other
sum, to soldiers unless they served at least two
years, or if the language of the thirteenth line
of the second section is to be construed liter-
ally, why it is that he prohibits any soldier
who has served more than two years from hav'
ing any bounty at all. Here in the list of pro-
hibitions, in the description of those who are
prohibited from having any bounty, I find this
language:
And no bounty whatever shall be paid to any sol-
dier who has deserted from the service, nor to any
soldier who was a captured prisoner of war at the
time of enlistment, or to any soldier who has been
discharged at his own request, unless for transfer to
the Navy, or for the purpose of accepting promotion
or appointment in the Army or Navy or after two
years' service, or who has been discharged at the
request of parents, guardians, or other persons, or on
the ground of minority.
It is open to a little doubt upon the face of
it whether that language, properly construed,
means that no soldier who served less than two
years shall have anything, or whether it means,
as it literally reads, that no soldier who served
more than two years shall have anything. I
should be glad to be informed, first, what that
means, and second, why it is inserted at all.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will find that
every month of service, if it be but one month,
is paid for by this provision, eight dollars and
one third a month. The clause to which he
refers is the clause containing exceptions, and
it is "and no bounty whatsoever shall be paid
to any soldier who has deserted "—if the sol-
dier has deserted he cannot receive any part
of this bounty—"nor to any soldier who was a
captured prisoner of war"—that is, a rebel who
entered into our service—"nor to any soldier
who has been discharged at his own request,
unless for ti'ansfer to the Navy or for the pur-
pose of accepting promotion or appointment in
the Army or Navy or after two years' service.''
That is the meaning of that provision.
Mr. GRIMES. Whatsis the meaning?
Mr. WILSON. It is a very plain provision.
It is that no bounty shall be paid to any soldier
who has been discharged at his own request,
unless for transfer to the Navy or for the pur-
pose of accepting promotion or appointment
in the Army or Navy or after two years of
service. If a man asked to be discharged for
his own account, under two years of service,
he gets nothing. If he served two years we
give him the bounty, because we think two
years is so long a time that after he has served
that period he ought not to" lose the entire
bounty. This clause as to two years, in this
place, only applies to those who themselves
asked to be discharged.
There has been great criticism made on this
measure, and I wish simply to say one word in
reply to it. The Senator from Oregon spoke
of it. Let me tell him that this measure has
been studied and written carefully. It is one
of the best drawn bills presented to the Senate
this year from any committee. After being
drawn up here it went through the hands and
received the careful and thorough revision of
the Paymaster General of the Army. It then
went under the revision of Mr. Brodhead, of
the Treasury Deplrtment, then under the eye
of the Secretary of War, and through the hands
of some six or seven of the best informed men
in the various Departments. It was specially
discussed and considered in reference to its pro-
visions concerning those Departments.
The object was not to take into account troops
that had been temporarily raised for local pur-
poses. Some say there will be a large number
excluded by that provision, but I do not think
there will be a great many.
The Senator from Pennsylvania spoke about
equalization. Let me tell the Senator that this
measure is one of absolute equalization. That
Is as clearly demonstrable as any proposition
in Euclid. It is based on the highest bounty
ever paid by the Government of the United
States, $8 38 a month. We accept that as the
basis, and on that theory the bounty of the
Federal Government is made equal in every
Now, it is said we are to equalize it in regard
to local bounties. I say $8 83 a month is not
the measure, if you include not only the bounty
of the Federal Government but the bounties of
the State governments as well. On that basis,
instead of the measure being $8 33 per month,
it should be at leasMwenty-five dollars. Dur-
ing the first two years and a half of the war
we paid at the rate of $100 for three years'
service. The early men who enlisted got but
little from the local authorities ; but after the
Federal Government offered $300 for volun-
teers and $400 for veterans, the State authori-
ties and other local authorities carried up the
bounties on their part to $300 or $400 and in
some cases to $500, so that the men enlisted
during the last eighteen months of the war got
their $300 United States bounty, while the men
enlisted at the beginning of the war got, many
of them, but $100 bounty for three years' ser-
vice.
Mr. COWAN. If I understand the position
of the Senator from Massachusetts, he is speak-
ing now of the original measure and not of this
proposition as it has been amended by the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. That contemplates, if I un-
derstand the Senator, merely to adjust tho
equities between the United States and the
soldier, without going further.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. Then I would ask how the
honorable Senator distinguishes between the
States and the municipal communities and
the United States. Are they not all one and
the same? And if the equities are to be ad-
justed at all, does it not follow as a matter of
necessity that you must include all these vari-
ous parts of the general whole ? Would it be
fair to simply take the equities between the
United States and the soldiers and throw out
the others?
Mr. WILSON. So far as the Federal Gov-
ernment and the soldier are concerned, I think
it would be fair; but allow me to say to the
Senator that the difficulty of taking into ac-
count the local bounties is so great that I do
not believe we can take them into account.
Now I wish to say another word. The men
who have a claim in equity for the equalization
of bounties are the men who enlisted from April,
1801, to the 17th of October, 1863, during the
first two years and a half of the war. They en-
listed for $100 bounty for three years' service.
They are the only men, I think, who have any
claim in equity upon us, because all enlisted
after October 11, 1863, with perhaps a very
few exceptions, received the large bounty of
$300 from the Government, or $400 if they
were veterans, and they received also large
local bounties.
Now, I will read a provision that I should
prefer to anything which has been presented,
and which, I think, will reach the case fully
as far as the Federal Governmentis concerned :
That to each and every soldier who enlisted into
the service ofUnited States for a period not less
than twoyears during the war, and who has received
or is entitled to rcceive $100 bounty and no more,
there shall belaid an additional bounty of $100; and
any soldier who has been discharged on account of
wounds received in battle, and the widow or heirs of
any soldier who has died in the service of the United
States, shall be paid the bounty hereby provided tho
same as though such soldier had served the full term
of enlistment.
That would give to every soldier who enlisted
for $100 bounty for three years and who got that
bounty, who complied with'the law and the
rules and regulations and got his $100, an ad-
ditional $100. It is clear and well defined. I
prefer this to the other proposition as it has
been amended.
Mr. COWAN. Then the- thing should bs
called by its right name. That is not an equal-
ization of bounties at all; it is an addition to
bounties before received, and has no element
of equality about it, because men who re-
ceived the largest bounty would as well be
entitled to this $100 as those who received but
$100 from the United States. This is entirely
a different proposition, and one which I think
