1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$mi
ought to be well considered before it is hurried
through the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that now the very fact that
he is compelled to suggest amendments to his
own proposition shows that we are not pre-
pared to consider this measure on this bill.
_ Mr. WILSON. I only read it as a proposi-
tion. I do not offer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that we had
better take a vote on the proposition before us,
reject it, and let it come up again for future
consideration. It is so late to-night that we
are all weary.
Mr.EDMUNDS. It is not too late to see
„ that what is necessary and proper should be
done. Now, I want to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs—I assume that
he is one of the numerous gentlemen who have
had a hand in this pie—why it is that our gal-
lant soldiers who were taken prisoners and
were languishing in prisons and lost their
health and almost their lives, and came home
skeletons ; or those who had the malaria in the
swamps down here and were discharged on
account of sickness and not on account of
wounds received in battle, are not provided for.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
they got their pay for the time they served the
country, and they got their bounty for the time
they served.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So do those who were
wounded.
Mr. WILSON. But these men by the rul-
ing of the Government have never had any
bounty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So much the more reason
why they should have it now.
Mr. WILSON. Men who retired wounded
received bounty, and men who retired for sick-
ness, whether real or pretended, whether a sick-
ness for which they ought to retire, or a sickness
growing out of disease before thoy entered the
service, have never received any bounty, and wo
now propose to give them bounty for the time
they served. If they served two years they get
two years' bounty, but nothing after that.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Why not?
Mr. WILSON. It is so difficult to tell who
retired on account of sickness justly and who
not; but there is no difficulty in telling about
a wounded man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why is it any more diffi-
cult in regard to bounty than it is under the
pension laws?
Mr. WILSON. At any rate it is so difficult
that the Government has never yet allowed any
bounty for them, and nobody has ever pro-
posed to give any, and this is the only chance
thej' have to get any bounty at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are the Government.
Mr. WILSON. I mean Congress. The De-
partment have never paid these men anything.
In the beginning of the war, for the first six or
eight or perhaps twelve months of the war,
hundreds and thousands and tens of thousands
went out of the service who ought not to have
gone out and who could not have got out dur-
ing the last two years. They let almost any-
body go out at first. Now, the question is, are
you to give a bounty to those men for a longer
time than they served ? Will you treat them as
you do the wounded men who could not serve
you? There are eases, I admit the fact, of men
who retired on account of sickness, who ought
to have bounty up to the end, but it is so diffi-
cult to confine it to those cases that it is an
impracticable thing to do.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the expression,
"nor to any soidiet who was a captured pris-
oner of war at the time of enlistment," refers
to the few regiments raised among the rebel
prisoners at Rock Island and Fort Delaware.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts on behalf of the
Committee on Military Affairs, as amended.
Mr. LANE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr.^HOWARD, (when his name was called.)
On this question I agreed to pair off with the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] who is
absent in consequence of ill health. I should
vote in the affirmative on this question, and he
would vote in the negative if he were here.
Mr. MORRILL, (when his name was called.)
I should vote in favor of the amendment, but I
have paired off with the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson,] who was obliged to leave
the Hall a short time ago.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (who had voted in the
affirmative.) I ask permission of the Senate
to withdraw my vote. I forgot at the time I
voted that I had paired off with the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Guthme.] He is against
the measure, as an amendment to this bill, and
I am for it.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to withdraw the vote.
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—14.
N AY S—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,!' u e k al e w ,0 lar k,
Conness, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster,
Harris, MeDougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Poland, Rid-
dle, Sherman, Spraguo, Stewart, Sumner, Van Win-
kle, and Williams—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Fessenden,
Guthrie, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Morrill, Nor-
ton, Nye, Saulsbury, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will give
way I will move an adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope we shall go on and
finish the bill to-night.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 22, noes 15; and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 24, 1866.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntok.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
personal explanation.
Mr. FINCK. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to record my vote on the Fenian
resolution yesterday.
The SPEAKER. By the rule of the House
it cannot bo done.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to state, then, that if I
had been present I should have voted for both
resolutions offered yesterday on that subject.
I was unavoidably absent.
port of calais, maine.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report a bill to author-
ize the entry and clearance of vessels at the
port of Calais.
The SPEAKER. This is in accordancc with
the leave granted by the House the other day
at the request of the chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Washbukne, of Illinois.]
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
may authorize the collector of customs at the
port of Calais, Maine, to enter and clear ves-
sels and perform such other official acts as the
Secretary of the Treasury may think advisable.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
weighing oe exports.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back House bill No. 480, to
provide for and to regulate the weighing of
exports, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that on all
weightable articles on which drawback or return-
duty is allowed there shall be levied and col-
lected from the several ports three cents pel
hundred pounds, to be returned by the weighers.
It also abolishes the office of measurer at Nevr
York, whose duties shall be performed by tha
weighers. It also regulates the salary of the
weighers.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I unde stand that this bill
abolishes the office of inspector ?
Mr. ELIOT. Not the inspectors, but the
measurers are abolished, because all their
duties are transferred to the weighers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly i ead the third time and passed^
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pacific railroad.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road was discharged from the further consid-
eration of bill of the Senate No. 20, granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the States of Missouri
and Arkansas to the Pacific coast, and the
same was laid upon the table.
inspectors 01? merchandise.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back bill of the Senate No.
39, to amend the act in relation to officers
employed in the examination of imported mer-
chandise in the district of New York, with
sundry amendments.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third read-
ing ; and it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
wreck oe the san francisco.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with an amendment,
joint resolution of the Senate No. 31, mani-
festing the sense of Congress toward the offi-
cers and seamen of the vessels, and others,
engaged in the rescue of the officers and sol-
diers of the Army, the passengers, and the
officers and crew of the steamship San Fran-
isco from perishing with the wreck of that
vessel.
Mr. ANCONA. Is this the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. It is. Leave was granted
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
isurne] to make these reports, and in conse-
quence of his sickness the leave was transferred
to his colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.]
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the amendment, first yielding to my
colleague on the committee [Mr. O'Neill] to
make a report upon the subject.
Mr. O'NEILL. I submit a report upon this
joint resolution, and move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The report is as follows:
The Committee on Commerce, to which w&s referred
joint resolution of the Senate No. 31, "manifesting
the sense of Congress toward the officers and seamen
of the vessels, and others, engaged in the rescue of
the officers and soldiers of the Army, the passengers,
and the otficcrs and crow of the steamship San Fran-
cisco from perishing with the wreck of that vessel,"
respectfully reports that the subject has had full,
mature, and ample consideration. The services ren-
dered by Captain Ureighton, of the shij) Three Bells,
of Glasgow; Captain Stouffcr, of the ship Antarctic;
and Captain Low, of the bark Kilby, on the occasion
of this terrible wreck, about the end of the year 1853,
and their voluntary and magnanimous conduct m
saving the lives of some six hundred soldiers of the
United States with tho passengers and crow of the
ill-fated steamship, in the estimation of the commit-
tee indeed deserve some marked manifestationoj the
American Congress. The joint resolution passed the
Senate unanimously on the 20th of April last, ana
proposed that "valuable gold medals with suitable
devices" should be presented to each of these noble
captains, and that the President should reward tneiu
and the officers and crews of their vessels and such
other persons as aided in the rescue, by distributing
among them, in such manner as he might deem ex-
pedient, tho sum of $50,000, and recommended that
such an amount of money be appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
for carrying the joint resolution into effect.
