1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3131
no objection if he justifies the action that
was taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose, indeed I
know, that the law authorized and required
the Secretary of the Intei'ior to provide court-
rooms for the courts of the United States.
That was his duty. It was not his duty to
provide thcra in the custom-house. He had
no control over that, I suppose, but the custom-
house was there, and he had to get rooms some-
where. The lease of the old court-rooms was
about expiring. The papers show that fact.
He had authority to procure rooms, and I sup-
pose, perhaps, lie might rent rooms from the
Secretary of the Treasury if that officer had
them to rent. He had authority to fit up the
rooms. That is done everywhere. That is
part of the expenses in our western States,
where we have no Federal court-houses, and
in most of the western States we have none.
The rooms are rented and fitted up, and paid
fer through the Interior Department.
Mr. FliSSENDEN. If the Senator will
modify the amendment as I have suggested,
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will put it in this
form :
To cnablo the Secretary of tho Interior to pay tho
balance due for work dono on and materials furnished
for'that part of the eustom-house builclinj? reserved
for tho uso of tlio Federal courts at New Orleans,
$4,268 Go.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. In behalf of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, I offer an amendment, to
insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted. That thcro be paid to the
several clerics of the Department of State twenty per
cent, on the compensation now allowed to each, to
commence from the 30th ot Juno, ISGO, and to continue
until repealed bv Congress; and a sum sufficient
for this purpose is hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must protest against
that. In the first place, it places the clerks in
the Department of State on an entirely differ-
ent fooling from the clerks in the other Depart-
ments. if we raise their salaries twenty per
cent, we shall be obliged to raise the salaries
of all the other clerks. I have an additional
reason, and that is that the Secretary of State
declines utterly to recommend any increase of
the salaries of liis clerks. He will not take
any responsibility about it.
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator will excuse
mo for a moment, I received a letter from the
Secretary of State recommending this propo-
sition yesterday, but unfortunately I left it at
my room.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. Then my first objec-
tion holds good. It will not do unless the Sen-
ate propose to raise the salaries of the clerks
in all tho other Departments twenty per cent.,
to begin with the State Department in this way.
I suggest to the Senator that it should be in-
troduced as a separate bill, or he may put it
upon some bill to come in hereafter. If the
Secretary of State wants the salaries of his
clerks increased, and the Committee on For-
eign Relations think they ought to be increased,
it should be submitted as a separate bill speci-
fying what number of clerks is needed, and
what their salaries should be, and then it could
be well understood. But if the Senate adopt
this amendment raising the salaries of these
clerks twenty per cent. I do not see how we
can avoid doing the same thing for all the
other Departments precisely in the same way,
thus making a large increase of expenditure,
which, in a large numbcy of cases, ought not
to be. made. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will be withdrawn, because its effect
would be very injurious. I must protest, at
any rate, against its being placed on this bill.
Mr. HARRIS. This proposition, the Senate
will recollect, was submitted by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations as an
amendment to the consular and diplomatic
bill, and was then discussed. It was objected
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance
that it more properly belonged to this bill;
and it was at last withdrawn by our chairman.
He is absent now, and I have inherited this
proposition from him. It may be that it would
be better to introduce it as a separate and dis-
tinct proposition; but I felt bound, under the
circumstances, to present it to the Senate, and
I do not feel at liberty to withdraw it. The
Senate can take its own course about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
not adopt it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to move an amendment.
It is on page 4, lines seventy-eight and seventy-
nine, to strike out the word "sixteen" and
insert "twenty," and after the word "thou-
sand" to insert "live hundred;" so that the
clause will road:
For expenses of heating and vcntilatiiiK apparatus,
820,500.
The Library Committee have directed that
the additions to the Library as well as the old
Library shall be heated by steam taken from
the wings of tho Capitol, which will put in use
all of the boilers in each wing—four boilers
where now only two are used; and it will
create a necessity for additional fuel and addi-
tional labor there. The additional expense is
estimated at §4,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee agreed
to recommend another amendment, but per-
haps it is provided for in the amendments on
page 8. It was to provide additional compen-
sation to three laborers. I see there are
amendments reported by the Finance Com-
mittee tothe clause, and I do not know whether
they would cover them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are provided for.
It now reads:
For compensation of Librarian, live assistant libra-
rians, messenger, and laborers, 612,000.
Mr. IIOWE. The amendment of the com-
mittee was for additional compensation to three
laborers fiom the -1st of January last. That
clause would not cover that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That had better go into
the deficiency bill.
Mr. HOWE. The deficiency bill has passed.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. That was the old defi-
ciency bill for last year; but there is another
one coming.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill, on
page 32, by inserting after line seven hundred
and sixty-two the following :
To defray the expense of introducing water into
the Naval Academy grounds and buildings at An-
napolis, Maryland, $9,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that come from
a committee?
Mr. GRIMES. It comes from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and is recommended by
the Secretary of tho Navy and by the Superin-
tendent of the Naval School. I will state that
they are now engaged in introducing water into
the city of Annapolis, and this is merely to
extend the pipes so as to furnish the proper
amount of fresh water for the Academy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 thought we provided
for that in the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I read to the Sen-
ator the papers I had on the subject; I received
them while the naval bill was under considera-
tion ; and he told me to put it on some other
appropriation bill; I think on this one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It might go on here
with propriety, 1 suppose; but I should like
to have an explanation of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that I can
further explain it than I have already done.
The citizens of Annapolis are engaged in the
building of water-works, and have run their
pipes down to the street opposite the public
property occupied by the Naval Academy. It
is simply proposed to extend those pipes into
the grounds so as to furnish water for the uses
of the Academy—a very essential thing. I have
a letter here, dated the 4th of May, from the
Secretary of the Navy, addressed to me, saying:
I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a
communication dated tho 28th ultimo, received from
Hear Admiral 1). D. Porter, the Superintendent of
the Naval Academy, in which he recommends tho
introduction of water into the Academy from the
pipes which are to bo laid in Annapolis. He esti-
mates the cost of this improvement at $7,660, and as
it is an important and vcrydesirable one, I have to
ask tho necessary appropriation for its accomplish-
ment. An appropriation in round numbers of $8,000
would be advisable.
Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
The appropriation which I have asked for in
this amendment is $9,000. The reason why
in exceeds tho sum of $8,000 is, that the chief
of the Bureau of Navigation, Captain Jenkins,
to whose bureau is attached the Naval Acad-
emy, has had a reexamination, as he is ex-
ceedingly punctilious on the subject of not
exceeding an appropriation when it is made—
more so than any public officer that I know of
—and ho furnished me a statement, which I
unfortunately left at home, showing that the
amount would a little exceed $8,000. I think
that tho amount I have specified in the amend-
ment exceeds the appropriation he asks for
three or four hundred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter for the
Senate to settle.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is very neces-
sary that they should have water at the Naval
Academy; but I think we are endowing this
institution pretty liberally this session. I
should like to know how much money has been
appropriated for the Naval Academy at this
session. Water is one of the things they need,
and I am not going to object to this particular
appropriation ; but I am inclined to think that
some appropriations that we have been making
for various piifyoses there have been exceed-
ingly liberal.
Mr. GRIMES. What, one?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There were several for
statuary and things of that character that I
think have been pretty liberal appropriations.
In reference to this amendment, I will say that
it seems to me we ought not to exceed what is
asked for. 1 beiieve this is about the only
institution in the country where an appropria-
tion is permitted to pass where more than the
Secretary recommends is put into it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have the naval appropria-
tion bill here, and I would lie indebted to the
Senator from Illinois if he would point out to
me the appropriation that has been made for
statuary. I suppose that the Senator alludes
to an appropriation of $7,000 that was made
for enlarging the chapel. A recommendation
was made by the Secretary of the Navy, based
upon a report of the chaplain at that post and
the Superintendent of the. Academy, asking
for 000 to build a new chapel. Upon my
suggestion, that was changed to $7,500, so as
to allow for the enlargement of the present
chapel, and for placing in its walls mural tab-
lets to commemorate the memory of persons
belonging to the naval service who have fallen
in the defense of the country. That is all the
statuary that has been provided for. Since
that appropriation was made I have been to
the Naval School, in company with the Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Mouuiu,] who is ab-
sent, and who I am sorry is Hot here, because
he desires to enlighten the Senate oil this sub-
ject; and he was satisfied that I was in error
when I refused to concur with the authorities
there in asking for an appropriation to build
a new chapel, being satisfied that the present
one cannot be enlarged.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will re-
member that I was unsuccessful in trying to
get even SI,000 appropriated for a bust of the
late Chief Justice, and now $".000 is appro-
priated for the Naval Academy without any
objection.
'Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to take up
anybody's quarrel on this subject. I was not
present when the Senator made his proposition.
1 will say to the Senator from Illinois, as what he
has said here may go upon the record and create
an improper impression elsewhere, that I be-
lieve the whole amount that has been appro-
priated for the use of the Naval Academy during
the present session is about one hundred and
seventv-five thousand dollars. One hundred
