1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
equal in amount all that M e bring from the Prov-
inces ; the value of our exports in 1864 being
$555,3f>2, and t.hatof our imports $883,805. So
that under any circumstances, here is one article
which approaches the idea of reciprocity, and
an interchange effects economy in long lines of
freight, relieving ourselves, as well as others,
from positive loss.
"When the reciprocity treaty was made a
low tariff prevailed in Canada, and England,
only eight years previously, had adopted _ the
doctrine of free trade. Great expectations
were held out by the negotiator, Lord Elgin,
feeding the not unwilling hopes of our people,
of an increased demand for American manu-
factures ; but suddenly the Canadas adopted
the principles of protection and largely in-
creased their tariff on manufactures. The
imperial Government did not veto these acts,
and these great expectations were nipped in
the bud. The United States, never expecting
to find in the Provinces a market for the pro-
ductions of its agriculture, nor of its mines,
forests, or fisheries, at once found their manu-
factures also practically excluded. But now,
making no compact, we yet tender a law con-
coding certain privileges. If this shall not be
met by a corresponding liberality, sufficiently
indicated in the conditions embodied in the
bill, we have the right, and it will be our duty,
to change the terms of the present bill for such
as will be most advantageous to us, regardless
of the interests of others.
The bill proposes to grant the free use of
Lake Michigan as well as the Sault Ste. Marie
canal to British subjects if the use of the St.
Lawrence and the Welland and other canals
shall be continued to us in return. The tolls
we pay form much the largest share of the tolls
of the Welland canal, and its use, though much
more frequent, is hardly much more important
to us than is the St. Marie's to them. The St.
Lawrence has been very little used by us, and
the right to navigate Lake Michigan appears to
be a very large equivalent.
It has often been supposed that the traffic
carried on over the Canadian railroads, trans-
porting merchandise in bond for Americans,_
and the same with regard to the railroads of
the United States and British merchandise in-
tended for the Provinces, was conducted under
the provisions of the reciprocity treaty, but that
is not the fact; all this has been done for twenty
years at least under Treasury regulations, it
has been deemed far better that it should rest
upon positive law, and, therefore, the system
has been incorporated into this bill. This will
insure the accommodations we now have for
travel and freights to and from the West. How-
ever useful to us this outlet maybe, a ship-canal
around the falls on the American side at Buf-
falo is needed, and also from the St. Lawrence
to Lake Champlain and thence to the Hudson.
When this line of improvements shall be com-
pleted, and so far as my vote is concerned I
am ready at all times to give them my support,
a cheap water communication will have been
secured that will be commensurate with^the
wants of the future commerce of the W est,
however great that may be.
I think it will be conceded that the bill is not
only necessary, but one of importance: and if
so, it is very desirable that it should pass in
order that notice may reach all points prior to
the 17tli instant.
Mi'. PIKE. I do not propose to make any
extended remarks on this bill, but as it touches
in its general provisions certain leading arti-
cles and pursuits of my people, and as I have
spoken several times upon the reciprocity
treaty in previous Congresses, I shall now say
a few words for the purpose of endeavoring to
obtain, if I can, some of the benefits which
it is supposed the repeal of that treaty would
confer upon us.
The objects of this bill I approve. I under-
stand there are three leading purposes : 1. To
obtain protection for those pursuits^ of this
country which come in competition with those
of the Provinces. 2. To obtain a revenue from
articles imported from the Provinces. 3. To
get from the Provinces, if possible, certain
commercial advantages which we suppose may
be obtained by reciprocal legislation.
Now, these three things can be better got in
this way than by treaty. A treaty is found ob-
jectionable for this reason, among others: it is
not to be interfered with during its life. It is the
paramount law. Having adopted the treaty in
1854 for the purpose of interchange of prod-
ucts with the Provinces, we were not at liberty
to impose any duties to protect the interest of
this Government so long as that treaty remained
in existence, but we were obliged, with all the
patience we could command, to wait the slow-
rolling years which should bring around in their
good time a termination of the unfortunate
arrangement.
Now, the bill before us is objectionable, in
one point of view, in the same way that the
treaty was objectionable. It does not, in its
terms, form a compact, but still, without some
expression of opinion to the contrary, there is
a sort of implied agreement running along
through the provisions of this bill, that so long
as the Provinces perform the part which is as-
signed to them in this bill so long shall the
legislation upon which their action is based
continue. For one, I wish here and now to
notify the Provinces, if my humble voice can
be heard so far, that there is, so far as I know,
no design whatever of that kind in this bill;
and that hereafter this Congress at its next
session, or the next Congress, or any subse-
quent one, will feel itself entirely at liberty to
change any one provision of this bill and have
a lighter duty or a heavier duty put on any
article as may be for the interest of this Gov-
ernment, and that hereafter the interests of
this Government alone shall be consulted.
I was astonished to hear the expression which
fell from the distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Moruill]
that provided !;the Provinces did not accept
this bill, then we should be at liberty in our
legislation to consult our own interests—as
if now we weie in some measure to consult
provincial interests as well as our own. I say,
for one, that if that is the correct interpreta-
tion of this measure, then I am against it. Bat
although that expression fell from his lips, I
am persuaded that that is not his construction
of this bill, as I am quite sure it is not the in-
tention of the other friends of the measure, by
any act here, in however remote a degree, by
implication or in any other way, upon the_ im-
portant question of the importation of articles
from any of these Provinces, to bind or control
the action of future Congresses.
Now, sir, the treaty which this bill takes the
place of, and the negotiations which led to the
formation of that treaty, proposed to regulate
the conduct of the Government in relation to
the products of the mine, of the farm, of the
forest, and of the sea.
In relation to the products of the farm I have
little to say. 1 see other gentlemen here who
are capable of representing that very great in-
terest, an interest which the statistics during
the life of the treaty show to have been the
leading interest in the business intercourse be-
tween these Provinces and this country. I pre-
sume they will take care that hereafter the in-
terests of the farm shall not be jeopardised by
the action of the Provinces. I for one am will-
ing to vote with them in protecting the interests
of the western farmer. They can tell better
what those interests are than I can. As to the
mines, I represent no mining interest. Other
gentlemen do, and those gentlemen are able to
take care of themselves. But I do represent
interests which are deeply affected by this bill,
interests which arc not peculiar to my State,
but which are the same in other leading States
of the Union: these are the interests of the
forest and of the sea.
Sir, in the manufacturing^ statistics of the
country, in 1860, the lumbering interest stood
in its magnitude as third; its annual product
in 1800 was over one hundred million dollars.
And of the whole list, comprising six hundred
: and thirty-one different manufactures, the fish-
ing interest stood as tweaty-swpnd in magni-
tude. The capital invested was abo-ut eighteen
million dollars, and the annual product" over
fourteen million dollars—a very respectable in-
terest, and one which should have the consid-
eration of this House in common with the other
interests on which they legislate.
Now, sir, these two interests suffer alikefrom
proximity to the people of the Provinces who
are not taxed. In many particulars they have
a common interest. Ia each case the men go
away from home for the purpose of getting oat
those products, which are afterward brought to
market. They fit out their " crews," the one
for the forest and the other for the sea. Their
pursuits are more hazardous than the ordinary
run of human pursuits, for they are not only
uncertain as to the markets they supply, but
they run great risks in obtaining the products
themselves. The one depends, in a great
degree, on the snows of winter, and the other
on the eateh which they happen to take. If
the snow be too little or too much; if the fickle
fish avoid the hook, or the storm overwhelms
the adventurer with destructive violence, great
loss necessarily ensues. But both of these in-
terests suffer heavy taxation. The lumberman
cannot cut down a tree without paying a tax
on the ax he wields. Ncjr can he haul a log
without using a taxed chain to bind it on his
sled, and as he drives and saws his winter's
stock his expenditures for taxation increase.
Everything he uses down to the brad in the end
of his goad-stick must go through the hands
of the assessor. There is no escaping. He
marches through taxation as through a cloud
that constantly envelopes him.
And so with the fisherman. The moment
he begins to obtain his " outfit" he is taxed.
He buys taxes with his hooks aiid lines, and
he covers himself with ataxed :' ilo sute" and
"sou'-wester." He is taxed for the food lie
takes with him, and he is taxed on his cloth-
ing ; and above all, the vessel in which he sails
is the most heavily taxed thing in this eoun-
try.
Why, sir, these interests realize the cele-
brated description, by Sidney Smith, of Eng-
lish taxation, which ran through the whole life
of man from the cradle to the grave, from the
taxed top of the school-boy to the taxed hearse
on which the old man was borne to .his last
resting-place.
And in two important particulars the Prov-
inces have an advantage over us in both these
pursuits. They are nearer the fishing grounds.
They may in the intervals ot fishing attend to
other pursuits, while our people are obliged to
make a distant voyage and bo content with
such result as they may be able to obtain from
it alone. They have free forests. New Bruns-
wick sells her lumber by the square mile, and
the operator can, foi a nominal .sum, annually
take as much as he pleases. Canada scarcely
averages fifty cents per thousand tor stumpage.
In these important particulars, the Provinces
have advantages that arc of great importance.
Sir, under these circumstances, shall we
allow these pursuits to be unprotected? Yon
make all these assessments, tariff and other
tax, for the benefit of the whole country. Go
over the list of manufactures, and you will find
a protective tariff of thirty and forty and fifty
per cent. And the men engaged in these im-
portant pursuits have to supply themselves with
articles from this heavily taxed list.
Now, sir, these people engaged in these pur-
suits come in competition with a people every
way similar to our own; hardy, prudent, skill-
ful. Perhaps as skillful mariners as ever saueu
a ship can be found in those Provinces. Ihey
are celebrated as boatmen, aud have hereto-
fore taken the yacht prizes a« ay from the most
famous yachting clubs in this country. Ihey
are a vigorous, active race of men, and what
is important to us- as lightly taxed as any men
on this globe. The British Provinces to-day
are the least taxed of any country where there
is a system of taxation. I have examined into
this matter, and I find that taking our town,
county, and State taxes, aud adding them to
