1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that it shall be suppressed. I hope the motion
of the gentleman will prevail.
The resolution was agreed to.
josiaii o. ARiirs.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following order:
Ordered, That the Secretary request the House of
Representatives to 1 etuin to the Senate the bill (S.
No. 16) for the relief ot Josiah 0. Amies, which passed
the Senate yesterday, ancl was sent to the House for
concurrence.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to inquire the object
of this order.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have the bill back
to allow a motion to be made to reconsider its
passage. I want to consider the question in-
volved in it; I believe it is the opening of a
call of four or five hundred or ;i thousand mil-
lion dollars from the Treasury. I am opposed
to it for one, and opposed to any compensation
whatever for damages done by our troops in
the rebel States during the war.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that I have
any objection to the order if the Senate desire
further to consider the matter. I do not wish
that any bill should be passed involving any
principle against the wish of the Senate.
The order was agreed to.
state of west virginia.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 23 for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 2!5) giving the consent of
Congress to the annexation of the counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson, formerly of the State of
Virginia, to the State of West Virginia.
The Committee on Territories had reported
the bill with an amendment to insert in the pre-
amble, line fifty-six, before the word "Vir-
ginia," the word "West."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom this bill was referred, lia\ e had it under
consideration, and if Senatois have listened
to the reading of the preamble of the bill they
have found that it sots forth all the facts that
are necessary to enable Congress to give its
consent to the transfer ef these counties. It
lias had the absent of the Legislatures of the
States of Virginia and West Virginia. All that
the Constitution seemsto require lias been com-
plied with. All these facts were before I he
committee, were proved by documentary evi-
dence of the highest character, so that there is
no doubt about them. There was a little ques-
tion before the committee, whether the assent of
Congress in such a case was really necessary ;
but there is a clause in the Constitution, that
every Senator will remember, which denies to
any number of States the right to make com-
pacts among themselves, except by the consent
of Congress, and, viewing it in that light, think-
ing it might come under that clause, we thought
at all events it would be best that it should have
the assent of Congress, because it seemed to
be a compact between the Legislatures of two
States. They are satisfied with it, and I do not
suppose anybody is dissatisfied with it. I hope
the bill will pass.
Mr. JOIIXSON. The question the doubt-as
to which has been staled was submitted to me
about a year or two ago, and I thought the assent
of Congress had been granted. Of course there
can be no objection to placing that beyond all
doubt, as will be dene if this bill is passed. I |
rise, therefore, not with a view to oppose the j
bill, but to ask 1h.it it be laid on the table, until
to-morrow, asl understand one of the Senators
from Delaware not now present [Mr. Riddle]
takes great interest in the question and desires
to be heard upon it. I move, therefore, that it ;
be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that, if
any Senator wants to look into it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
NOTICE of mix.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to increase and fix
the number of men in the regular Army.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE or REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 0, 1800.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. E. H. Okay, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK KATLKOAD.
The SPEAKER announced the following
select committee on military and postal railroad
from Washington to Now York, authorized yes-
terday :
Messrs. TiiAnnEUS Stevens of Pennsylvania,
James A. Gmifielt) of Ohio, Francis Tiiomas
of Maryland, Augustus Bp.axdfcee of Connec-
ticut, John F. Starr of New Jersey, Josiah
B. Grinnell of Iowa, and William Radford
of New York.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call on committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee on
Military Affairs.
LTTijr.TIA jr. PERRY.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred joint
resolution of the House No. 24, for the re-
lief of Lucretia M. Perry, widow of Nathaniel
II. l'erry, late purser in the United States
Navy, reported the same with the recommen-
dation that it pass.
Also an accompanying report; whieh was
read.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. The facts are so suc-
cinctly stated in the. report that I deem it un-
necessary to add anything except to say, if it
be quite parliamentary, that this identical joint
resolution was recommended unanimously by
the Committee on Naval Affairs of the last
Congress, passed this House, and failed in the
Senate tor want of time to consider it. The
Committee on Naval Attairs of this House have
also reported it unanimously, and I trust it may
pass. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordinglyread the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make a
brief statement.
No objection was made.
Mr.WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
a gentleman has inclosed to me an extract from
a letter purporting to have been written by a
member of this House. 1 desire to have it read
at the Clerk's table.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" CoaGiu'SSional Facts, — Mr. Baldwin, Heprc-
soniative i i om ihc eiKhlli conrressional ui.-lnct,
in a letter to the V oreester Spy, thus corrects some
telecnapliic errors:
" '1 no I lee that the telegraphic repoi! ei of the As-
sociated IVe-s does not always trive you intelligible
accounts of what i- said and done in Congress, He
taited to show you that an etiort to have certain Ten-
nc^seeans allowed to come in to the Hall of tlio Itouse
of itcpre^entatives, as eLumants to seats, was de-
feated by a movement of ,Mr. Stevens to allow certain
srenjleuien to come into the halt as individuals. And
lie failed to give you a just account ot a certain bill
touching laiiroads, introduced by ]Ur. Yv'ashburne,
ot Illinois ; in tact lie or somebody else pave the
lire-; a laise recount ot this bill. The representation
was thai the bill v/as designed to restrain the Camden
and Ainboy monopoly, while its real but undeclared
purpose was to release the Illinois Central Railroad
Company from its obligation to carry troops and mil-
itary stores for the Government free of charge. That
road has been constructed chiefly by means of the
magnificent grant of lands by Congress; and now its
ownersseek to escape from the obligations of the Bon-
tract made with thcGtovernmentwhen thoy accepted
thoso lands. The bill, whieh went through the House
under the previous Question without being under-
stood, authorizes every railroad in the country to
claim and receive compensation for carrying troops
and military stores for the Government; thus not only
releasing the Illinois Central Company, but actually
rendering null and void the conditions under which
similar grant? of lands were made to other railroads.
I think the bill will die in the Senate.' "
Mr.'WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I see my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwiu] in
the Hall, and I would like to know of him if he
wrote that letter.
Mr. BALDWIN. I did certainly write that
letter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mt. Speaker,
I hear the acknowledgment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and lam somewhat aston-
ished, I confess, that the gentleman, being a
member of the House of Representatives, when
he makes such a grave inculpation upon members
of this House should not do it here in the face
of the House and of the country, instead of
going off to his paper, where but one side can
be heard. The statement made by that gentle-
man is somewhat extraordinary, and perhaps
he may have to deal with someotbergentleman
besides myself, who must be included in the
criticism of his letter.
'Jdie bill of which he says the "real but un-
declared purpose" is to release the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company, ire.*, is precisely the
same bill which was reported to this House by
the Committee on the Judiciary of the last
Congress, and which passed this House. It is
the same bill word for word, and the country
and the members of this House will be aston-
ished to learn that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts voted for this bill upon its passage at
the last Congress.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire, with the
permission of the gentleman from Illinois, to
correct one statement. The bill to whieh he
refers was not reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary at the last session. It was re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Istandeor-
rected. I supposed it was. I know a bill some-
what similar was reported from the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. DEMING. The bill to which the genv
tleman from Illinois alludes was not the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported a
specific bill for the purpose of opening the Del-
aware and Raritan Bay Company railroad, and
the bill which was passed was an amendment
offered to that bill reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs by the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, the gentleman from.
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson-,] which was the identical
bill which was passed the other day.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The statement of
the gentleman from Connecticut is a true state-
ment. The report was originally made from
the Committee on Military Affairs, and the bill
which finally passed was a substitute which I
offered myself for the bill, not as chairman of
the J udiciary Committee, butmerely asa mem-
ber of the House.
Mr. WASHB URNE. of Illinois. I was mis-
taken in that respect, Mr. Speaker. My recol-
lection was that the bill came from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I know that it v/as
offered by my distinguished friend from Iowa,
whose ability asa lawyer is only equaled by
liis vigilance and integrity as a legislator. The
bill which the House passed the other day, as
I understand it, was word for word the bill
whieh passed the House on the 12th day of
May, 1804, and which received the vote of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Baldwin.]
The gentleman from Iowa can now state to the
House whether, when he introduced his amend-
ment, it was his object to release the Illinois
Central railroad. The gentleman from Iowa,
who at the last session of Congress was the
author of a proviso to the Army bill, providing
that no payments should be made to the Illi-
nois Central railroad, can answer to the House
whether that was his purpose.
