1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
the same interest as the State of New York;
and there is therefore no necessary conflict or
antagonism between the two States.
Sir, look at this subject in another point of
view. Take that vast territory lying west of
Iowa, of Arkansas, of Kansas, stretching from
Mexico to British America, a distance of more
than two thousand miles, spreading westward
to the Pacific ocean, boundless and inexhaust-
ible in all the elements and resources of na-
tional power and greatness and glory; that vast
domain, with all its great future, at this time
has only six Senators in Congress and five
Representatives. And now, when it is pro-
posed to admit two more Senators and another
Representative from that vast region, a great
outcry is made as though it was an effort to
introduce into the councils of the nation some
dangerous and foreign element of power.
Mr. President, who are these people in Col-
orado that are asking for admission as a State?
Are they strangers, aliens, foreigners? Are
diey not our own acquaintances, our relatives,
our- friends? Did they not go out from the
homes of New England and the middle States,
carrying with them an undying attachment to
the places of their nativity, to make new homes
in this distant Territory? Are not these the
persons who are asking for recognition here as
a State? What good reason can be given, I
ask, if these people are willing to assume the
burdens and responsibilities of a State, why
they should not be permitted to do so? I ask
if the agricultural interests of the State of Ohio
will be prejudiced by the admission of Colorado
as a State? Will the manufacturing interests
of the State of Massachusetts be prejudiced by
the admission of Colorado ? Will the commer-
cial interests of New York be prejudiced by the
adoption of this bill? Are not the people of
that Territory as patriotic as any other people ?
Will they not cooperate with us in building up
the national power? Is there anything in the
circumstances or population of that Territory
that should make the Senators from New York
afraid to associate herewith the Senators from
Colorado ?
Can any Senator show any way in which any
prejudice will be worked to any portion of the
United States by the admission of Colorado as
a State ? The interests of this Territory will ■
be promoted by this change, as the people be-
lieve, and as I have no doubt; and when any
step is taken to promote the interests of Colo-
rado or any other one of these western States
or Territories, it is a step which promotes the
interests of all the States and all the Terri-
tories, for their interests are identical; they
are bound up together in the same common
destiny, and equally concerned in everything
that relates to the welfare of our common coun-
try.
Objection is made by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to the ad-
mission of Colorado because the people have
not formed a State constitution in conformity
with his wishes. I suppose that the theory
■which has been recognized, and will now be
recognized, is, that the people of a Territory
have a right to make their own constitution.
If the doctrine which is advocated by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts be the cor-
rect doctrine, then it is unnecessary to pass any
enabling act, but the most direct way would
be for Congress to make a constitution, sub-
mit it to the people, and say to them, "Take
this or take nothing." The argument is, that
this constitution does not correspond with the
wishes of members of Congress, and therefore
ought not to be accepted.
Objection is made by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts that this constitution ex-
cludes black persons from the right of suf-
frage ; but I desire to call the attention of that
honorable Senator to the effect of his argu-
ment and his position. Here are twenty-five or
thirty thousand white American citizens of the
United States living in the Territory of Colo-
rado ; they come to Congress and say, "We
have no choice in the selection of the men who
govern us; we have no representation in Con-
gress ; we have no voice as to who shall be the
Chief Magistrate of the nation; we do not en-
joy the rights and privileges of American citi-
zenship under this territorial organization ; and
we ask Congress to consent to a change, so
that we may resume those rights and privileges
of which we have been deprived by living un-
der a territorial government;" and the honor-
able Senator meets these twenty-five or thirty
thousand white people of that country with the
objection that they shall not have these rights
and privileges because they have seen proper
by their constitution to exclude a few dozen of
blacks from the right of suffrage!
Now, sir, when a proposition was before the
Senate of the United States to organize the
Territory of Idaho, I remember that the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, in discussing that question, said it was
a matter of very little consequence asto whether
the organic act did or did not exclude black
persons from the right of suffrage, because
there were no black persons there upon whom
such a provision could take effect, and it was,
therefore, a mere abstraction; and it is so sub-
stantially in reference to Colorado. It is more
of an abstraction than anything else, and the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts persists
in this objection more to advocate a certain
theory than to produce any practical results.
If Congress is bound upon this occasion to
determine whether the thirty thousand white
people of the State of Colorado shall have the
right of suffrage, or whether seventy-five or one
hundred black men shall have that right—and
that is the question presented—I ask if it is not
wise and just on our part to extend to these
thousands of white men the right of suffrage
and their privileges as American citizens rather
than to deny them those rights and privileges
for the supposed necessity of providing similar
rights and privileges for a handful of black
people.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, I remember, delivered an elaborate and
an eloquent speech here, notmany days ago, in
which he proclaimed in learned words and thun-
dering sound the doctrine that taxation with-
out representation was tyranny. The twenty-
five or thirty thousand white people of the
Territory of Colorado are taxed like the citi-
zens of Massachusetts, andtheyhavepaid within
the last year more income tax and more reve-
nue tax than some of the States of this Union ;
and yet those people have no representation
whatever in the Government which imposes
these taxes. I take up what the honorable Sen-
ator then said; I apply it to this case; I answer
his argument with it, and I say that taxation
without representation is tyranny.
I suggest to the honorable Senator that he
ought not to be severe upon the people of
Colorado because they adopted a constitution
in this form, for I will remind him that on
the 3d of March, 1863, he voted, without ques-
tion or objection, to organize the Territory of
Idaho with an exclusion of black people there
from the right of suffrage. I do not advert to
this circumstance to show the inconsistency of
the honorable Senator, for I acknowledge that
the opinions of men everywhere have under-
gone great changes on this subject, but I do it
simply to show that he ought not to be too
harsh upon the people of Colorado becausc
they thought in 1865 just as he thought in 1863.
They live in a distant Territory; they live
under the shadows of great mountains; they
have no immediate communication with the
States of the Atlantic slope, and it cannot be
expected that they would change their opinions
as suddenly as the honorable Senator may,
who lives in the full blaze of the intellectual
day that fills the State of Massachusetts.
Moreover, I say that the people of Colorado
ought not to be censured because they put this
provision in their constitution; for, at the same
session at which their enabling act was passed,
and about the same time, the question arose
in Congress as to whether or not the act organ-
izing the Territory of Montana should or should
not exclude blacks from the right of suffrage,
and after a long discussion and due delibera-
tion, the Congress of the United States, at that
time overwhelmingly Republican, determined
that the act organizing the Territory" of Mon-
tana should exclude blacks from the right.of
suffrage. In 1864 the Congress of the United
States decided that the organic act of a Terri-
tory should exclude black men from the right
of suffrage; and can Congress now, with any
consistency, turn around and condemn the
people _ of Colorado because they, about ths
same time, decided in the same way? Had
they not good reason to suppose that this decis-
ion, under the precedents and under the cir-
cumstances, would be entirely acceptable to
Congress?
I would prefer this constitution if it did not
exclude any class of persons from the right of
suffrage; but it does not follow that they will
be perpetually excluded if we adopt this con-
stitution. I cannot concur in what the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
has said, that the time will never come when
the States will adopt negro suffrage. I believe
that the day is not far distant when the Consti-
tution of the United States will be so changed
as to entitle men of all classes, without dis-
tinction of race or color, to enjoy the elective
franchise.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Wis-
consin did not say, as I understood him, that
the States never would agree to it. He only
said they would not agree that Congress should
pass a provision on the subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin to say that they
would never sanction a proposed amendment
to the Constitution of the United States extend- "
ing the right of suffrage to black persons. He
may be right in that opinion ; I may be in error;
but I have misjudged the signs of the times if
the day is not approaching when all distinc-
tions as to classes will be abolished, so far as
the elective franchise and civil rights are con-
cerned, in this country. The States are mov-
ing in this matter as States; and it is not to be
supposed that the public opinion which will
produce such a change in any of the eastern or
northern or middle States will not reach across
the mountains and the plains to Colorado and
there produce the same effect. If this consti-
tution shall be accepted and this Slate admitted,
it may be, as predicted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada, [Mr. N"ste,] that within a
year, or perhaps some longer but not remote
period of time, this constitution may be so
amended as to allow all men the right of suf-
frage.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
said in effect, if I did not misunderstand him,
that no man could consistently favor the admis-
sion of Colorado as a State under this consti-
tution and at the same time insist that negro
suffrage should be required of the States lately
in rebellion. I think there is a vast difference
between the two cases. If negro suffrage be
required of the States lately in rebellion, it
must be upon two grounds: first, because the
black people of those States constitute a large
proportion of the population; they are largely
interested in all State matters and State ques-
tions, and there is such a deep-rooted preju-
dice against them that suffrage becomes neces-
sary for them as a protection for their lives,
liberty, and property; and again upon the
ground that these black men have everywhere
been unchangeably loyal to the Government
during the late struggle, and by extending to
them the right of suffrage we enable the loyal
sentiment of that country to predominate over
the rebel and disorganizing sentiment, and in
that way secure the perpetuity, the peace, and
the integrity of the nation. These are two
good and valid reasons, if it be necessary to
discuss that question at this time, that might
exist for requiring negro suffrage in the lately
rebellious States which do not exist so far as
the Territory of Colorado is concerned; for
there there is but a handful of negroes, a few
dozen; and there is no feeling or prejudice,
I imagine, in that Territory that would greatly
