THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
' Your -committee concurs with the Senate iu the pre-
sentation of the medals, but does not adppi; the views
of that body in .the appropriation r Of so :large an
amourit m $55,000,-although ttiat' appropriation was
adopted by the unanimous vote, of Senators, without
a division. A simi lar .appropxiatio n- p ass ed the gen-
ate in the Thirty-Third uoftgress, but the joint reso-
lution fatl&Ttto reach the House for-want of time.
Your committee, feeling that the justice of a suitable
reward', for such disinterested actions should be fully
appreciated, especially iii a case like the one under
consideration, where these captains not only risked
their own lives but the lives of their crews and' the
safety or their vessels, recommends that in addition
to the medals for the captains, there be given to each
of the captains, namely,'Captain Creighton,Captain
SS^enffer, and Captain LpT^, the sum of $7,500; to each
ot ihem^tcs of the respective vessels the sum of 1500:
and to each man and boy of the respective crews the
sum of $100; these amounts to go, in the event of the
decease of the respective captains, m&tcs, men, and
boyrf, first to,their widows respectively, if tbeybeliv-
injf, or in the event of their death, then to their chil-
dren respectively, or there surviving neither widow
or children, then to their respective fathers, or if
the farthers be not living then to their respective
mothers.
The circumstances attending the wreck of the San
Francisco were perhaps the most distressing" known
in the annals'of the occan. She was crowded with
some seven o-r"eight huudrod passengers, five or six
hundred of whom were officers and soldiers of the
United States Army, with thoir wives and families,
on their way to California and the Pacific coast. She
left tho port of New York in thomonthof December,
18o3, ana on tho 24th Qf that month was overtaken by
a most, terrible storm, which continued without inter-
ruption twelve or thirteen days. The steamer bccame
unmanageable and entirclyatthe mercy of tho winds
and waves. At about eight o'clock in tho eveningthe
sea broke over her, and carried to tho depths of the
ocean nearly ono hundred and eighty of the soldiers
and passengers, with some of the women and children.
It was at this timo that Colonel J. M. Washington,
Major George Taylor, Captain II. B. Field, and Lieu-
tenant Smith, all distinguished officers of tho Army,
wore lost. Subsequently some sixty or seventy others
of tho soldiers, passengers, and crew died from inju-
ries received during the storm and from exhaustion
caused by thoir great distress and unremitted labor.
Upon tho 1st day of January, 1854, Captain Creigh-
ton, of the bark Three Bells; Captain Stoufter, of the
ship Antarlic; and Captain Low, of tho bark Kilby,
hove in Mght. Their vessels had been scarcely able
to outride the storm. Their crews had been night
and day for soveral days at tho pumps to keep them
afloat, and thoir stores and water had been so much
reduced by lightening the ships that starvation liter-
ally stared them in the face. Fortunately for the San
1 rancisco her signals were seen and her guns of dis-
tress heard by these captains, who, with all the hu-
manity and self-sacrificing spirit for which sailors are
distinguished, "stood off and on" tho wreck for six
consecutive days until thoatorm bad abated and they
could so communicate with the sinking hulk as to
give hope and encouragement to her desponding hun-
dreds who momentarily expected to go to the bottom.
The wordh of Captain Creighton, "Be of good cheer,
wo will stand by you," should never be forgotten.
Captain Stoufter and Captain Low in thesamespirit,
"stood by," and the Thrco Uclls, the Antarctic, and
the Kilby, all of thorn so injured bj tho storm, actu-
ally 111 iing with water at tho rate of almost nine inches
an hour, never left tho wreck until over five hundred
survivors of tho perils of this widely spread storm
wore saved and eventually landed at New York and
Liverpool. Many a poor sailor of each of these three
vessels lost his life by his offorts in behalf of the suf-
ferers of tho San Francisco, and so crippled woro the
crews that port was not made for many, many days
alter thoso humano acts had been performed.
Your committee submit tho amendments as indi-
cated, and respectfully urges the House to do this em-
inent act of justice to tho heroic captains, mates, and
crews of these vessels.
By order of tho committee:
CHAItLES O'NEILL.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the amendment reported by the
committee was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. ELIOT. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed; and also moved
tu lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
inspectors oj? merchandise again.
Mr. ELIOT. The House has just passed
bill of the Senate No. 39, to amend the act
relating to officers employed in the examina-
tion of imported merchandise in the district of
New York. Since the passage of the bill I
have received a note from the Secretary of the
Treasury recommending an amendment of the
bill. I move, therefore, a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill was passed, in order
that I may offer the amendment now.
By unanimous consent, the votes by which
the bill was ordered to a third reading and
passed- wer'e reconsidered.
Mr. ELIOT. _I move to amend by adding
the following seotian:
And be it further enacted, That all aids to the reve-
nue or others performing the duties, of inspectors
be paid the same per diem compensation as inspect-
ors of customs.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would like to
know how much that is, and what change it
makes in the law.
Mr. ELIOT. It is four dollars a day.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What change does
it make?
Mr. STEVENS. It is now five dollars a day
for ono year.
Mi-. ELIOT. It continues it now at the same
rate. It was to have been put in another bill,
but was inadvertently omitted.
Mr. STEVENS. We did prolong the time
so far as inspectors are concerned.
The amendment was agreed to:
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, returned, in pur-
suance of the request of the House, Senate bill
No. 285, granting lands to the State of Kansas
to aid in the construction of the Kansas and
Neosho Valley railroad and its extension to
Red river, with the House amendments to the
same.
daniel lucas.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Daniel Lucas; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of tho Interior to place the name of
Daniel Lucas, of Plymouth, Massachusetts,
formerly a private in company E, third United
States infantry, on the roll of invalid pensions,
at the rate to which he may be entitled under
the pension laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles m. pott.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to pay Charles M.
Pott a pension of fifteen dollars per month;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to pay Charles M.
Pott, late of company K, one hundred and
seventy-ninth Pennsylvania militia, the same
pension as is provided for persons having lost
one hand in the military service of the United
States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
qcincy a. may.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Qnincy A. May; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to pay to Quiney A.
May, company H, eighty-third Illinois volun-
teers, a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month from and after the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARION M. BU-XTON.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Marion M. Buxton ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to pay to Marion M.
Buxton, widow of James H. Buxton, late an.
ensign in the United States Navy, a pension
out of the naval pension fund at the rate fur-
nished by law to officers of his rank, the pen-
sion to be continued to the minor children in
case of her death or remarriage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must insist upon the
regular order. This irregular firing enables
some of the committees to getrid of their busi-
ness. If the House will adopt a resolution to
enable all the committees to be called in regu-
lar order in the evening as well as the morning
sessions, then we can get rid of our business.
I send to tho Clerk's desk a resolution on the
subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in addition to tho regular call of
committees in the morning hour, the cail of commit-
tees for reports shall proceed continuously in the
evcnmgsessions of the House, after the business now
on the Speaker's table shall have been disposed of,
and until the present call of all the committees shall
have boon concluded.
Mr. KASSON. I must object to that unless
it contains one other element in it, and that is,
that each committee shall have the privilege
of reporting but one measure. Otherwise the
benefit of this rule will be confined to two or
three committees, who will take up the balance
of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think this objec-
tion comcs with a very good grace from gentle-
men whose committees have been already
called. There are committees who have not
been called for months, and now their drawers
are crowded with reports.
Mr. DRIGGS. It is suggested that each
committee have half an hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
as soon as the special order at the evening ses-
sion—bills on the Speaker's table—shall be dis-
posed of, there will be, in accordance with the
previous order of the House, an hour at each
evening session for business of the morning
hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask more than that. I
propose that we shall not only have an hour
at the evening session, but that, after business
on the Speaker's table shall have been disposed
of, the remainder of the evening session shall
be devoted to reports of committees.
The SPE AKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] objects.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman does not ob-
ject, if each committee be confined to half an
hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If this is to inter-
fere with the regular call of committees, I must
object to it; but if it is in addition to the reg-
ular call of committees, I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
that committees called at the day session, be-
ing entitled to an hour, would stand in a much
better position than committees Called at the
evening session and having but half an hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen will observe
that my proposition'will not interfere with the
