2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
endanger the substantial rights- and privileges
of the colored people.
Now, sir, I nave this to say on the question
of population: admitting that the population
at this time is not sufficient in the estimation
of honorable Senators, I claim that upon all
principles of good faith Congress is estopped
at this time from controverting that question.
Whatever legal or technical questions may be
made upon the enabling act, I say that Con-
gress then deliberately decided that the popu-
lation of that Territory was sufficient to jnstify
it in becoming a State. So far as that question
of fact is concerned, it was then decided.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon how we can be estopped
on this question. I know that is a term in the
common law in some of the courts, and there
is a law of estoppel; but it cannot apply to this
case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not plead any legal
estoppel upon Congress. 1 acknowledge that
Congress has the physical and legal power to
change its opinion, but I say that Congress did
decide at that time that Colorado had a {)opu-
lation sufficient to entitle her to become a State,
and when that decision was made, the people
of Colorado, acting in good faith, proceeded to
form a State government.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator,
did that conclude us?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think, in good morals
and in good faith, it did conclude us. I think
when Congress has said to the people of a Ter-
ritory, "You may go forward and form a State
government, and when that State government
is made we will allow you to become a State
in the Union," and thepeople, upon the strength
of that promise, proceeded to organize a State
government and apply for admission and are
rejected, they have, a right to complain that
they have been disappointed and not fairly
treated by Congress.
It is said that this enabling act is fundus
officio, because the elections were not held in
conformity with its provisions; but, sir, that is
sticking in the bark. What difference does it
make to Congress whether the election in Col-
orado was held in June or August or Septem-
ber? What difference docs it make when or
where or how a convention was held, so long
as a constitution was formed and submitted to
the people, and they adopted it, and upon that
constitution ask for ad mission? The only legit-
imate objection which Congress can raako at
any time is that the population is not sufficient;
1 say Congress has made a decision which
Ought to conclude its action upon that question.
Mr. President, I have helped to make two
Territories into States, and it is in vain for
any man to toll me that a Territory is in as
good a condition as a State. Itisasnnroason-
able to expect that a Territory should have the
same power, the same strength, and the same
resources as a State, as it would bo to expect
of a child the strength of a man, or to expect
that a community ten, twenty, or twenty-five
years of age should have all the power and
resources of a community that has been grow-
ing and improving for two hundred years.
This Territory, according to my understanding,
has a people who are willing to undertake the
burdens and responsibilities of a State govern-
ment. They believe that a State organization
will promote their interests. They arc the
proper persons to decide upon that question:
and it seems to me that when they ask to
become a State, instead of meeting them with
distrust and hostility, it is our true policy to
take them by the hand, and say to them.
" Come up higher and go with us, and we will
do you good."
Sir. territorial organizations onlyresult from
necessity, and arc incompatible with the spirit
and genius of our Government; for under them
American citizens are ruled by a Government
in the making of which they have no voice.
They are in a state of colonial dependence and
subjection; and whenever the people in such a
Territory are competent to maintain a State
government, and desire so to do, it seems to
me justice and good policy dictate the consent
of Congress, for by the multiplication of new
States we add to the greatness and power of
the nation.
Mr. President, I claim that there is enough
before us to justify and,require Congress at this
time to admit Colorado as a State. I hope,
therefore, that the vote rejecting the bill will
be reconsidered, and that we shall soon have
an opportunity to see another State added to
the American Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, if the
question whether Colorado should be admitted
as a State depended upon the height of her
mountains, the richness of her valleys, and
the productiveness of her placers, I would admit
that the Senator from Nevada [Mr._ Nye] has
the force of the argument; but if it is to be
decided upon the question whether first the
proceedings organizing the State government,
have been regular or in conformity to law, and
whether, in the second place, there is such a
population there as entitles them to admission,
I think there was not that weight in the Sena-
tor's argument that we had a right to expect.
The first question that naturally presents
itself for our consideration is, whether Con-
gress is now bound by the act which we passed
in March, 1804, providing for the organization
of a State government. I am not able to see
that, as the Senator from Oregon says, we are
in morals and in good faith bound by the action
of Congress at that time. What did Congress
do ? Congress provided that the people at a
time specified might elcct delegates, that those
delegates should convene and organize into a
convention, and being thus organized, should
frame a constitution for the people of that Ter-
ritory, and that that constitution thus made
should be submitted to the people for their
approval or rejection. Such an election was
hold ; the convention met; a constitution was
framed; it was submitted to the people, and
by a largo vote^hree to one. they rejected it.
Now, I ask, was*it competent for the people of
Colorado to proceed further under the act of
Congress? Could the people take another
step under the act of Congress ? They rejected
the constitution that was formed pursuant to
the act of Congress.
Then, sir, what is the nature of the proceed-
ing which wo are now called upon to indorse?
If the Territorial Legislature of Colorado had
provided for the calling of another convention,
1 would have given that legislative proceeding
great respect and weight; but the Legislature
did no such thing. In no authoritative and
legal manner was the will of the people ex-
pressed upon that subject; but the chairmen of
the three political parties there, of the Dem-
ocratic party, the Anti-Slavery party, and the
Union Central Committee, not authorized even
by a convention of their respective parties, but
upon their own motion, called a convention.
That convention was held, and they adopted a
constitution irregular in every respect, not hav-
ing the stamp of legal authority in any respect
whatever. The convention was held; a con-
stitution was adopted by that convention and
submitted to the people; and what was the
vote? A vote giving a majority of but loo in
favor of the constitution thus so irregularly
adopted. 1 ask Senators if there bo anything
in this proceeding that binds the conscience of
Congress. The constitution adopted pursuant
to the act of Congress stands to-day rejected
by the people; and a constitution formed upon
the motion of the chairmen of the political
parties of the Territory stands indorsed but by
the small majority of 155. Then, sir, I give no
weight or authority whatever to the proceeding
by which this constitution was adopted.
That bring us to the next question, which I
consider the important one in this discussion ;
and that is, has the Territory of Colorado such
a population as entitles it to admission? Upon
the other subject, the weight that should be
given to the proceeding under the act of Con-
gress. and also upon the question of popula-
tion, I call the attention of the Senate to the
only information that was before this ■ body
when the enabling act was passed in regard to
population. When the enabling act was before
the Senate the distinguished Senator from Ver-
mont, now dead, (Mr. Collamer,) asked this
question:
"X wish to inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories whether he has any information as
to the extent of the population of this Territory?
What reply was made? I read;
"Mr. Wade. Nothing that I can rely upon with a
very great deal of confidence. I have taken some
pains to ascertain the facts from the Delegate in the
other House, and from Mr. Edmunds, of the tjana
Office, who has some information on that subject, i
understand there must be now about 60,000 inhab-
itants in Colorado; some think a great deal more
than that. That is the smallest number I find inti-
mated by those who profess to know anything aboui
it. It is a Territory which is filling up very rapidly.
Judge Edmunds tells me that he has not the least
doubt in the world that before they finish their
arrangements and become a Stato there will be suffi-
cient population there for a Representative in Con-
gress according to tho ratio of representation fixed
by the last census. That is about the information I
got."
That was the response of the chairman of
the Committee on Territories to a question
propounded to him when the enabling act
was before this body, expressing the opinion
that at that time there were 60,000 people
in the Territory, and that the Territory was
rapidly filling up and would soon have a pop-
ulation entitling her to a Representative in
the other House. The Senate unquestionably
acted upon that information. Wasthe chair-
man misled in regard to it? I think to-day
he will admit that he was; that his statement
to the Senate, upon which the Senate acted,
was not reliable. He relied upon information
that he received from the Delegate and from
another party that he mentions, and that infor-
mation now proves not to have been reliable.
What have we now before us that is reliable?
In the first place, we have the census that
was taken in 1861. At that time the popula-
tion of the Territory was 25,329; and upon
that population the Territory at the first elec-
tion thereafter was enabled to give a vote of
10,580. With a population of 25,000 a vote
of 10,000 was cast. What does the vote since
that time indicate ? It shows the fact that at
every election from that time to this the popu-
lation of Colorado has been decreasing instead
-of increasing, until when the vote was taken
upon the constitution that is now before us
in September, 1865, the aggregate vote was
5,895. Less than 6,000 votes were cast when
it is claimed this constitution was adopted or
ratified by the people. It is claimed by the
Senator from Nevada that a vote is not a very
satisfactory indication of the population. The
vote in 1861, perhaps, did not very clearly indi-
cate the population. What were the people
voting on then? Upon the election of a Del-
egate, the trifling matter of selecting one man
for an office instead of another man. In 1865
they came to cast their votes upon the most
interesting and exciting question that can ever
be presented to any free people, the question
whether they shall adopt a State government
and what sort of a State government they shall
adopt; and upon that question, that is calcu-
lated to call out the last voter of the Territory
if they take any interest in their great ques-
tions at all, they could command less than
0,000 voters.
Mr. STEWART. Is the Senator aware that
immediately after that, in the fall of 1865, in
the election of State officers, 7,000 votes were
cast ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, I am aware of
that fact.
Now, sir, assuming that a population of
25,000 in 1861 could give a vote of 10,000, then
what population does a vote of 6,000 in 1865
indicate? Just 15,000. On the same ratio,
upon a more interesting question, instead of
having 25,000, according to the vote in 1865
the Territory has a population of but 15,000,.
if we make an estimate upon the vote that was
cast upon this constitution. Then I assume
that the Territory at the time of- the adoption
of this constitution had a population of less
than 20,000. I have a right to assume that it
