1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
the taxes of the General Government, we pay
very greatly more than they; enough more to
make it a considerable element of cost in any-
thing we produce.
Now, sir. I am not going to make a long
speech upon this subject. But in considering
and arianging a tariff, I propose to bring up
the duties on fish and lumber so that they will
approximate somewhat to the general average
of the duties imposed on dutiable articles.
The average of duties is about forty per cent,
taking the whole list of importations into the
country.
The committee in this case propose a very
low taxation upon the article of dried codfish,
selling now in the market of New York for ten
or eleven dollars. They propose a tax of about
fifty cents upon the quintal, or fire per cent.
Upon the article of mackerel, which for the
last six years has averaged twelve dollars a
barrel, they propose a tax of one dollar a bar-
rel, which is about eight per cent, of its value.
And so upon some of the other articles. I pro-
pose to change that, so as to bring the duty up
to about twenty or twenty-five per cent, of the
value.
And I wish to say a few words upon the
question of fishing bounties, to which the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Mokrtll] referred,
and upon which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wariiburxe] is in the habit of holding
forth so interestingly, '['he fishing bounty has
been in existence over since the year 17'.)0.
The first act was framed in 1790, and gave a
small bounty upon fish, stating expressly in the
act as the reason for it that it was in lieu of
duties imposed upon the importation of salt.
That was the only reason ever existing for giv-
ing these fishing bounties. That act has been
changed from tune to time, and during the war
of 1812 and 1814 it was repealed temporarily.
Afterward it was reestablished and lias come
to be a settled thing.
Since I liave been in Congress T have con-
stantly said that 1 was willing thefisliing boun-
ties should lake the course of other articles. I
have said that my constituents did not wish to
come here as mendicants; they did not ask
favors of Congress in regard to this matter of
fishing bounties. But the Congress of 18SI,
while adopting a protective system in other
respects, shut out the fishing interests of this
country. _ They allowed those provincial people
to come in here and compete in our markets
untaxed, while our fishermen were taxed in
respect, to everything they consumed. I have
said that when this reciprocity treaty was re-
pealed, and this fishing business was placed on
a par witli every other pursuit, we will not,ask
for these fishing bounties. For that reason I
do not object to having this fishing bounty
talceu away ; for it was not a bounty, but sim-
ply an exchange for the duties which the Gov-
ernment collected from the fishermen on the
salt they consumed.
This bill contains a provision which is sup-
posed to ho for the benefit of the fisherman—
a provision for giving him a drawback upon
salt. I am very glad that that provision has
been presented; but it, is not for the benefit of
the fisherman. It is for the benefit of the mer-
chant who supplies him. The fisherman, under
our present law, can take out, his outfit at home,
sail into tin; Provinces, buy his salt at Halifax,
cure his fish, and bring them into New York.
Of course ho pays no duties on the salt; but
there is an inconvenience about the transac-
tion. It is much more convenient for him,
when obtaining his outfit, to get his salt with
his other articles and have them all packed
together, it is much more convenient that
the merchant who furnishes the outfit should
have the profit on the salt; that our ships should
bring the salt from Liverpool, which is the salt
the fishermen use, and should deposit it here
in the storehouses of our merchants. This is
much better for the trade of our country than
that the salt should be brought to Halifax and
our fishermen obliged to buy it there, leaving
our merchants without their profit and our ships
without the freight.
For the general benefit, of trade and com-
merce this provision is very good, and I hope
it will be retained; but as a protection to the
fisherman, how idle itisto talk of it. The whole
of this duty on salt is eighteen cents to the hun-
dred weight, and it takes a hundred weight for
a quintal of fish, so that the drawback would
be only eighteen cents on the quintal of fish.
Now, sir, I have here letters from highly re-
spectable gentlemen in my district in relation
to this matter of fishing. One gentleman
writes:
"One dollar invested in Nova Scotia will do as much
toward fitting out vessels and hiring men as two dol-
lars will here- and unless we have ordinary protec-
tion, we will have to give up the business to Nova
Scotia men or carry it on there. It is impossible lor
us to carry it on in Maine, competing with people of
the Provinces, under this scale of duties."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Maine yield to me a moment?
Mr. PIKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLAB AUGER,. I desire simply
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill,] whether
it is the purpose of that committee to bring in
a general tariff bill at any time during the
present session of Congress. I see that the
provisions of the bill now before us do touch
somewhat upon the general tariff question; are
not confined exclusively to importations from
the British Provinces. I propose my inquiry,
in order that it may become known to the coun-
try whether flic committee propose to bring in
any other bill. We of the West feel consider-
able interest in the question of increased pro-
tection of American wool; and I should be
glad to obtain some information on this sub-
jeet.
Mr. MORRILL. In response to the gentle-
man from Ohio, 1 will say that it is the purpose
of the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a tariff bill which will include duties upon wool.
But it is proposed first to act upon the subject
of internal revenue, which may affect to a con-
siderable extent the adjustment of the tariff.
in relation to the subject of wool, I may say to
the gentleman from Ohio that, as I understand,
a committee of the wool-growers from various
parts of the country have held meetings at New
York and Philadelphia, and after a conference
with the wool manufacturers have agreed upon
a scale of duties which they will recommend to
Congress. I presume that we shall be able to
adopt that, scale of duties, whatever it may be.
Certainly if it, is a reasonable one, as 1 have no
reason to doubt it will be, it will be satisfactory
to myself.
Mr. PIKE. I have another letter from
several gentlemen, known to me as gentlemen
of high character and intelligence, who are
engaged in I his business. They say:
"The duty on dry fish is entirely too low. and if
passed will tbrow the whole eod-lishery into the hands
of our pjovmciat mn','hbnrs.
"Fish can bo cauybt m the Provinces two dollars
per quintal cheapi-i than we can eateli them, ami wo
want about that, amount of prut eeLioii in some shape.
1 have other letters of the same purport,.
They all show that it is an absolute necessity
to receive some protection in order to carry
on their business, otherwise they,say they can-
noi compete with a people living in proximity
to the fisheries and running the race of com-
petition wi ,i light, weight of taxation.
We Jo not wish to sec these people driven
aerossthe line for the purpose of escaping taxa-
tion. No doubt they can go, but, they will go with
the greatest reluctance. The.v are not a char-
acter of men who can readily change their pur-
suits. They have education in this as others
in mechanical and professional pursuits. They
were born in this kind of pursuit, and they have
fblloweditfor ^livelihood and must continue to
follow it or suffer from want.
Under these circumstances, the question
whether we should look to our own interests or
the interests ofthese Provinces should be readily
decided. Why should Congress endeavor to
protect the interests of the Provinces instead
of the interests of these men ?
Is there anything in their history for the past
half a dozen years which should induce us to
do it? I do not desire to excite anyprejudice
in this House ; but the matter would be only
half presented did we not take into considera-
tion the character of these two parties, did we
not remember that on the one side we have a
population loyal to the Government. If that
means anything in these days, if it bo credita-
ble to have stood by the Government when it
needed assistance, if there be anything in that
fact, let me say these men have contributed
of their substance freely, and furnished their
full quota to the war. 1 ask the House, while
taking this into consideration, also to bear in
mind the additional fact that the war was pro-
longed and the services of more men were ren-
deied necessary by the conduct of the people
you propose to take carc of. Some of their
ports were the rendezvous of blockadc-runncrs
and piratical cruisers upon our commerce.
Halifax, the headquarters of provincial fish-
ermen, was also headquarters for depredators
upon our interests. It is too soon yet to forget
the Chesapeake or the Howqua.- 1 am amicably
disposed toward the people. I wish them no
harm; but I cannot respond to the desire to pro-
tect their interests at the expense of our own.
By the bill the Provinces are to give us free
fishing along their coast. They are not to in-
sist upon the three-mile restriction to which
we foolishly agreed in the convention of 1818.
But my constituents assure me they do not place
great value upon the boon. They are willing
to take their chances of catching fish whore
they can, and allow the provincials to do the
same. They write me not to be influenced by
this consideration.
Mr. Cartier, in the Canadian Parliament,
said three years ago that the cod fish was a val-
uable fish, and was strong enough to cany the
treaty of 18")4, and that, it would carry a re-
newal of the treaty in 18(io. But the fisher-
men that I represent assure me that the codfish
does not swim within three miles of Nova
Scotia, and for that reason there is no need of
asking provincial permission to catch him. Mr.
Cartier should rely upon some more stable
assistance in carrying a measure of this mag-
nitude.
Sir, I have already spoken longer than I
intended. I have this to say, in conclusion :
that while we yield the bounty, while we yield
the reciprocal part of this bill, we do ask .to
be treated fairly. While we are advocates of
the great protective interests of this country,
while my constituents year after year send men
here to vote a protective tariff on all the great
industries of the country, thus benefiting oth-
ers and endearing the prices of the articles
they consume, while we willingly and cheer-
fully pay our additional assessments in conse-
quence of the tax upon the various articles of
consumption, we in turn asklo be treated sim-
ply with average fairness. We ask barely the
average of the protection we cheerfully accord
to others. I trust to the sense of justice of
the House to accord it to us.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. I am not
going to speak to the general question of this
bill, tor I have not, yet made up my mind to
what extent I shall support it. But there is
one provision in it which has my hearty appro-
bation ; and it is the precise one which was
reported by the Committee on Commerce re-
pealing the fishing bounties ; and I desire at
this time simply to place upon the record some-
thing in relation to these fishing bounties in
order to show when a particular interest gets
once fastened upon the Government how it
holds.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
has properly stated that these fishing bounties
commenced under the law of 1790 ; and they
have been kept up by various acts since. They
owe their existence much, no doubt, to the
rhetorical and rounded periods of Mr. Webster.
Now, I have a statement here furnished by
the Treasury Department showing the vast
amount of money this country has paid to this
favored interest. It appears that we have paid
since 1793 no less than 315,311,731, amounting
to an averege of $222,329 per year.
