m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
, Mr, SPALDING. Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask him one question?
Mr. WASHIJUKNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. A? I voted for both bills.
X desire to ask the gentleman from Illinois
■whether, in his judgment, this bill does have
the effect to cut off the obligations of the Illi-
nois Central railroad to carry the Government's
troops, Ire.'?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will come
to that in a moment.- I say the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] can answer whether or
not he had this purpose. And, sir, the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
who deserves the gratitude of the people for the
stand which he has taken in regard to these
monopolies, can state whether, when he intro-
duced this bill, which the Committee on Com-
merce reported word for word, without any
alteration, it was his "real but undeclared pur-
pose " to release the Illinois Central railroad
from its obligations. I would like my friend
from Ohio who introduced this bill to say if he
had any such purpose when he introduced it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe the origin of
this bill, as embraced in the legislation of last-
Congress, has been accurately stated by the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Demino.]
my colleague upon the Military Committee of
the last session. As he has stated, a local bill
was introduced in relation to the liaritan and
Delaware Bay railroad; and after a leng thy
discussion m the House, an amendment was
offered in the nature of a substitute, which was
the exact bill I introduced in this House this
session, with this exception: there is a differ-
ence of a few words in the preamble, taken
from the preamble as amended in (he Senate.
The bill was introduced by me the first week
of this session, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce. That committee reported it
back with a recommendation that it pass, hav-
ing in view a general lav/ concerning all such
monopolies as the Camden and Amboy Rail-
road Company. And I stated distinctly, here
in my place, when the bill was on its passage,
that if any gentleman desired to enter into a
full discussion of that bill, I was ready to do so
then as I had done last session.
There was no sinister purpose, no concealed
purpose, but an open and avowed purpose to
break down all that class of grasping monopo-
lies represented by the Camden and Amboy
railroad; for there is a large brood of humble
imitations of this ancient cormorant. If any
gentleman knows of any other than an openly
avowed purpose, he will do me a favor by
declaring it. I regard the document read at
the desk a grave and unwarranted imputation
against those who voted for the bill, and par-
ticularly against those who drafted and intro-
duced it.
Mr. BROO.MALL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Ohio_ [Mr. Gaiu-ieui] at what time
was the offer made to allow a general and full
discussion upon this bill? The reason I ask
that question is that I myself wanted to di=eins
the bill and could not get. permission to do it.
I do not wonder 1ha1 gentlemen are miscon-
strued when discussion is not allowed upon
these important subjects.
Mr. GAR-FIELD. The time when that offer
was made by me was when the bill was on its
passage. I expressed my entire willingness to
postpone it to a day certain, so as to allow dis-
cussion. or to take the vote on it then. I see
no room for misconstruction in the proceeding.
Mr. BROOMALL. The previous question
was called.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. Yes, I
called the previous question myself.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I beg leave to state
that when the bill was reported bv the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, after listening to the dis-
cussion that occurred on that occasion it seemed
tome that the case, as presented by that bill,
would be looked upon by the country as a mere
picking up of a quarrel between two railway
corporations in the State of New Jersey, foi ad-
justment in the Congress of the United States.
It seemed to me that theaction proposed bythe ;
Committee on Military Affairs in the bill re-
ported by them was objectionable in that respect,
and for the purpose of avoiding that objection,
and of apph.ins: a genera! principle to all rail-
way interests and commerce in the (Jnit ed States,
1 submitted a substitute for the bill reported by
the committee, which substiiatu was finally ap-
proved by the committee, adopted, and jiassed.
I certainly had no intention, 'either open or
concealed, public or private, either made
known or kept within my own mind, of releasing
the Illinois Central Railroad Company or any
other railroad company from their obligations
to the Government of the United States em-
braced in any law concerning them, and I think
my action in relation to the appropriations to
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
Bntxn] has referred, during the Thiity-Eighth
Congress, gives sufficient evidence that I had
no intention of releasing the Illinois Central
Railroad Company iiom any obligation rest-
ing upon it. Instead of having any such inten-
tion, it will be remembered by every member
of the present House who was a member of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, that 1 stood out with
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasubchn'e]
and several others, until almost the very last
hour of the session, in insisting that no part ol
the money embraced in the Army appropriation
bill should be paid to the Illinois Central Rail-
road Company for transportation of troops, sup-
plies, or munitions of war.
And more than that. I not only insisted vipon
applying that provision to that railroad com-
pany. but also to all the railway companies
within mv own State. And my policy, or the
propriety of my course in that regard, was called
in question by my colleagues from Iowa, who
thought I was too seveie instead of being too
liberal in regard to those railwavs; that 1 was
cnppiim/ rai her than streneilmning the railway
corporations of my own State 1 y insisting on
an observance of the provisions ol the grants
of land to them as I understood ihem. And
if the language of this bill, by any system of
construction, can be made to sustain the views
given by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Baldwix] in the communication which
has been read at the Clerk's desk, it certainly
falls very far short of my intention. But I cer-
tainly do not now think the bill will bear the
construction he puts upon it. Whatever the
construction ma; be, 1 know this—my intention
was entuel) different from that which has been
attributed to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
"U Asuiienxi;, j and, I .suppose, by implication,
to myself, as 1 was connected with the prepa-
ration of the bill as it finally passed.
Mr. WASHBURN.E, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts has not only to an-
swer to these gentlemen, but he has to answer to
his distinguished colleague in the Semite of the
United. States, the senior Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. SriiXER,] who was the cham-
pion of this very bill in the Senate, making a
speech. 1 believe, in its behalf. The gentleman
from Massachusetts can settle with that Sena-
tor whether, in seeking to do what he professed
to lie trying to accomplish, his "real but un-
declared purpose'' was to relieve the Illinois
Central Railroad Company.
Let me remark further, sir, that when the
gentleman from Massa'-husetts says, in the arti-
cle which has been read, that "he. or somebody
else, gave the press a false account of this bill,'
if the gentleman referred to me his assertion
was unwarranted and insolent. Besides the
question which the gentleman must settle with
his colleague, he must settle1 v.ith himself this
question: " iYas it your purpose, when yon
voted for this bill on the 1:2th of May, 1-3G-1, to
release the Illinois Central Railroad Company.-'''
There might, perhaps, be some color for such a
supposition so far as regards the genlleman
from .\la-saehti.-e; ts: bat f ihiak ihat as to my-
self. 1 will be e.\oup.a'ed from any such pur-
pose by g' in h-men who v. ere nu-mb"rs of the
last Cong. pss. and thus fuel an uppoi tunity to
observe my coaise on this e1 -Je. t. i heyknow
that I strove with all layrjcwer to obtain a dee
luxation by Congress against the impudent and
stupendous robbery of the public Treasury of
more than a half million dollars by the I llinois
Central Railroad Company. Sir, as gentlemen
know, 1 resisted to the last tin efforts of that
company; 1 fought it a.t ever, step. And I
cannot conceive what could have induced the
gentleman, with his knowledge of that tact, (be-
cause he must have known it, i to make such a
statement. 1 am certain that I have j.iuu him
no occasion for doing so. And let the House
understand that, while I was thus struggling,
the gentleman from Massachusetts, in the veiy
pinch of the game, left us and wc nt over to the
enemy, and voted with the friend;, of the Illi-
nois Central llaihoad Company. Yet he now
goes before his constituents, in a newspaper
article, giving an entirely erroneous view in
regard to this whole matter.
Now, sir, one word with regard to the con-
struction of the bill. Sir, it'never occurred to
me. it never occurred to any member of the
Committee on Commerce, as it never occurred
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. G-Ar.riiu.oj
and the gentleman from Iowa. [Mr. Yi'u.sox.]
that such a construction as that suggested by
the gentleman from Massachusetts eould bo
given to the bill. I have not examined the
subject closely, but, I do not belie\e the bill is
susceptible of such a construction. If 1 had
imagined it, to be capable of any such construc-
tion I would never, under any circumstances,
have given the measure my assent; and now. if
any respectable lawyer believes, it can by pos-
sibility be construed in such a way. 1 would
avoid any question by usini mv efforts to secure
an amendment of the bill in the Senate. With
these remarks, 1 leave the subject.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. WASHBURN E. of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. It ha« been suggested to
me that the stock of the Illinois Ce tral Rail-
road Company has risen seventeen pe.- cent,
since the jiassage of that bill. Is that true V
Mr. WASHBLRNE, of Illinois. I do not
know. Docs the gentleman know am thing
about that ?
Mr. SPALDING. I do not. I mentioned
the matter only because it has been suggested
to me.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker, in writing
that letter, I certainly had no purposeto make
any imputation against the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. WAsiitiUBXi-;.] The mention of his
name was incidental. Certainly I did not in-
tend to allude to him in the remark that some
one had communicated to the pre-s a false view
of the hill. But, Mr. Speaker, before proceed-
ing further, I ask that the Clerk read the bill
as passed by this House.
The SPEAKER. The bill which passed the
House is in the possession of the Senale ; it is
not upon the files of the House. The Chair,
however, will send to the Cletk's office and ob-
tain the original manuscript from which the
bill sent to the Senate was engrossed.
MESSAGE niOM TflU SitXATD.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. I oi;>rr,Y,
its Secretary, communicated the foilovring ex-
tract from its Journal:
Ix Sexati: or Tin: Uxiti i> Siatt:s,
Jti.ivi'! \\ ISotf.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the Hon^e of
Hep i csenta lives to return to 1 !:<• Sc r..i + e I till S. N->.
for the relief of Joiah 0. Ainio<. which pu/sc*l the
Senate, and was yesterday scut to the llou.io foi con-
currence.
The bill will bo returned,
' The S3>EAKEIl.
t as renucbted.
j Ptn;SOXAL J:\fLAXATlOX AG-UN.
! ill'. I>AIjD"WIN. Mr. speaker, 1 wish to
nay that iron) the very bill it.-eli' it will appear
the iepn"-ri\'iia!"iim t made 1-3 the corr- ct one;
and iti ort]'-i tliatlhai may be s-.-en. 1 now (u5k
that the (Jleik <hall read the bill that wa< pa^od
b;. thih Ifuu^o.
TSu SPKAKEH. The (1hair has pent fori he
bill, and a,s soon as the oricr:*iitl copy is pro-
cured from the tiles of the Mouse; it wi il be
read by the Clerk.
