3182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June" 13,
thousand dollars of that was for the erection of
a new dormitory, and $50,000 of it was for an
increase of the public grounds. If the Senator
wants to reach this evil, if lie concedes it to
be an evil, of appropriating too much money
to the Naval Academy, let him introduce a bill
to abolish the Academy or to cut down the
number of scholars. So long as we keep up
the present establishment we have got to fur-
nish accommodations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole. The question will
betaken on the amendments collectively, unless
some Senator desires a separate vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment appropriating $160,000 to
the Treasury Department, to be used in paying
extra compensation to the clerks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments made in Committee
of the Whole, with the exception of theamend-
mont indicated by the Senator from Illinois.
The remainder of the amendments were
concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment ex-
cepted by the Senator from Illinois, which will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was after line three hundred and forty-eight to
strike out the following clause:
For com pensat ion of temporary clerks in tho Treas-
ury Department, unit for additional compensation to
ulciks in .same Depaifment, 01(it),(HH): /VomoVf/,That
tho I empoi.ii.\ clerks lioiein prolided foi may bo
ohis-ofiod aoenidin^ f n t he elm raet it ot their services:
A if / i>ntrtdr<t nnihr/, 'ilia t so nmeh of I ho appropil-
(jttion ol -i'ltUM granted hy I ho a,et of March 1], ISfin,
Vor compensation (o temporary clerks in the Tiea.---
ury Depart lucnl, ami tor additional compensation to
eln les m same Depart ment. as remains unexpended
(■hull be divided as follows. I<> wit : ftO!) shall tic paid
to tho appointees in said Department whoso ]>ay
amounts to less than J?l,?0() porannum, and (ho icsi-
(Ino thereof sliall bo divided per cajntu to and anions
all (lie clerks in said .Department of tho tii.st and
second elates.
And insert in lien thereof the following:
Foreomponsatinn oftoniporory clerks in the Troas-
lli v Depart men I, a nd for add il ion a I com ponsa tion to
othceis and clerks in thesamo Pcpaitinent, ^ttjtuiot)-
J'mriifrtl, That I lie temporary clerks herein pt o\ ided
for maybe clas,-dlicd accindinis to tho character of
their son ices, and that the Seeictarv of the Troas-
xin may aw ,11 d.Mich addit ionai compensation ns may
bo tn his judgment ,iu-t and nniv be leiiuired by tho
I'll I) lie SCI vice. Ami so much of the act malum; ap-
propi nit ions for the leeosl.iin o, cxoenlu o, and nuli-
eiaI expense ;>f I lie (io\ eminent, a pprov cd j\Iai e!i
1st; i, as loihids (he Seel claty of (lie Tronsui v " to
11W ird aiivsuch additional cnmpcm-alion after tho
1st, day of July isou," is hei oby repeated: /v")-/,/. i
further. That out, of (tie appropriation ot &'J">0,000
made hy said act, tor compensation to lomporary
clerks in the, Treasuiy Department, and tor addi-
tional compensation to clerks in the, same Depart-
ment, (here slia.ll ho paid to each person therein,
appointed l>y llic Secretary as a clerk or counter,
who sljali have .served in sin h capacity for one. year
proiiou.- (o the pasture of (his act, and whose pay
amounts to loss than $t,t)tK) per annum, tho sum of
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I de-
sire to have tho yeas and nays. The Senate
was not full yesterday when the vote was taken
upon it. 'The matter was very thoroughly dis-
cussed, and J suppose is understood by the
Senate. 1 do not see the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wiusox,] who moved in this
matter, in his seat, at present; but 1 presume
he will be here. Whether he designsto discuss
it or not I do not know. For my own part
I do not, and I am willing that the Senate
should vote upon it. I ask for tho yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I voted yesterdavon the
spur ot the moment, and as appeared to me
correctly, against the proposition of the com-
mittee. Inasmuch as, on reflection, I have
changed my opinion, and intend to vote in sup-
port of the recommendation of the committee
to-day, it is proper that I should state to the
Senate, in a word, my reason for the change.
It is admitted that as a permanent principle
it is unwise and wrong to confer this discre-
tionary power or power of discretionary appro-
priation on the Secretary of the Treasury or
any other officer of the Government; but it is
conferred, substantially, in the case of the Sec-
retary of the Interior in the same bill, and
without objection; and it is stated by the com-
mittee, and appears to be true, that this is only
a temporary expedient to avoid the necessity
of raising permanently the salaries of all the
clerks in the Treasury Department. As an
expedient, it may be justifiable, when, as a
principle, it would not be ; and therefore as a
mere expedient, and not as committing my-
self to the principle which would be involved
in it if it, were permanent, I shall vote for it.
On this question of taste, as to the personal
reasons which influence Senators to vote for or
against this particular appropriation, it has not
seemed to me precisely dignified forthe Senate
to take much cognizance of those outside affairs.
When the Secretary of the Treasury or any
other officer of the Government locks up his
strong box and goes homo at night, and in a
fit of nightmare happens to go out on his steps
and deliver a speech to his neighbors or any-
body else, 1 do not know that it is anything to
us. It is a matter of his own. It is a priv-
ilege which American citizens, in good taste
and in bad taste, depending a good deal upon
their education and their instincts, always want
to exercise ; and if we devote ourselves in this
body to taking up the cudgels every time that
any portion of our fellow-citizens see fit, in
the streets or in caucuses or in houses or in
clubs, to assail our conduct, we shall have more
business on our hands than we can properly
and profitably attend to. 1 do not personally
admire the taste or the propriety of such per-
formances any more than anybody else; but I
think the public administration of the duties
of the Secretary of the Treasury has been such
as to entitle us to believe somewhat in the
mere financial rectitude of his conduct, what-
ever we may think of his taste or his politics.
It is upon these groundsthat I shall support
the amendment, setting aside the evening af-
fairs entirely as matters that are nothing to us,
and that we dignify into an importance that
does not belong to them, and make the people
of the country suppose that Congress and tho
Senate are in great danger of being overturned
at the polls because some club, or some gen-
tleman at a club or a meeting, makes a speech
about us. I think we i^ive it altogether too
much importance. Coming back, then, to the
simple question as one of business expediency,
1 shall go for it, as an expedient, but not as a
precedent.
Mr. TUUMISULL. I am a little surprised
at, tho ground upon which the Senator from
Vermont proposes to change his vote, as an
expedient. When are expedients to end? This
proposition was introduced hero for the first
time, said tho Senator from Ohio, during the
war. The war is over; at least the conflict
of arms is over; and now it is to be continued
a year. It is to put, into the hands of one of
tho Secretaries of the Government §160,000
[ in money to be expended, how? What for?
i Can the Senator from Vermont tell what the
! expedient is? Tell me what the expedient is.
[ For what purpose? Why is Sl60,000 to be
placed in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury more than in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Interior or the Postmaster Gen-
eral? What is the expedient? I should like
to know. The Senator from Vermont did not
tell us. lie votes for it as an expedient. Now.
what is tho expedient? Expedient for what
purpose? Why is it that the Secretary of one
of the Departments must havo-$100,000 to be
disbursed in his discretion, without rule, with-
out guide, to create disaffection among the
clerks of his Department, all of them claim-
ing it, and those who do not receive any por-
tion of this gratuity finding fault with the
others? Is that the expedient? Is it in order
to make these clerks dependents upon the
head of the Department? Why not repeal all
your laws, and put in the hands of the head of
each of the Departments a million, or five, or
ten millions ot money to pay the clerks as
much as he thinks proper ? It amounts to that.
You have fixed their salaries, but in addition
to their salaries you put §160,000 in money in
the hands of the head of the Department to
disburse as gratuities among favorites.
This does not depend upon who is Secretary
of the Treasury. 1 have made no remark in
opposition to this measure reflecting at all upon
the head of the Department. The Senator
from Maine said, 1 think, that he was as much
to blame as any one for introducing this prop-
osition ; it was introduced cither when he was
at the head of the Department or a friend of
his, and he had continued it. I have no doubt
my friend from Maine has a groat partiality for
the Treasury Department. He has presided
there, and presided there well, and he has a
sort of affection for it that leads him, inasmuch
as he has disbursed the money, when he had it
there, honestly and faithfully, and nobody ever
complained of him, to trust anybody else in
that place. I think it was a bad precedent
when he was there; and if he was at the head
of the Treasury now, with all the confidence I
have in liim, I should object, for his own sake
as well as for the sake of these clerks, to his
hftving such a fund put in his hands. It must
be exceedingly embarrassing to distribute it.
'Therefore, irrespective of the speech that has
been made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
which everybody thinks was in very bad taste
—that is a matter that I do not choose to com-
ment upon in this connection one way or the
other—independent of that, the piineiple is
bad. So says the Senator from Vermont. Ho
says it is wrong; it is bad every way; but he
votes for it as an expedient. Now, what is the
expedient? When is your expedient to stop?
Why is it necessary here and not nocessary in
the other Departments of this Government?
Here is the War Department, with its hundred
and perhaps thousand clerks, and the quarter-
master's department. Why is it not just as
necessary in the quartermaster's department,
which is settling accounts amounting to hun-
dreds of millions of dollars, as in the Treasury
Department? Why is it not just as nocessary
in the pay department as in the Treasury De-
partment? I should like to be informed by
tho Senator from Vermont who votes for this
as an expedient. '
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to my
friend, the Senator from Illinois, for the little
lceture he has given me, because it has been a
part, of my business in life to attend similar
performances; but I think it is a little unkind
in him, having led me away yesterday by the
seductive arts of oratory, now that I have got
restored to reason, to blame me for having
been seduced only twenty-four hours ago, or
rather for having gotten over it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have been seduced
a second time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The seduction did not
last, unfortnnately for the gentleman, or for
myself. My friend from Illinois is very desir-
ous to know what the expedient is that we
are resorting to, and appeals to me rather than
to the chairman of tho Committee on Finance,
who stated yesterday; what was the expedient,
for an answer. I will give it as far as I am
able. The expedient to which I refer, as dis-
tinguished from a permanent principle, is an
immediate necessity for this extra work that
this is to pay for, and which it is not expedi-
ent (using the term in another sense which my
friend will understand) should be made per-
manent as the salaries of all these clerks for
all time to come. It is precisely the same ex-
pedient, that temporary method of getting over
an emergency, which, I assume, the Senator
from Illinois voted for when he clothed Mr.
Secretary Chase with the same power exactly.
Now, my friend says the war is over; we
have a new Secretary; have done with expedi-
ents. The war is over, it is true; but the set-
