1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3133
tlement of the accounts in the Treasury grow-
ing out of the war is not over; and if we are
to judge from what my friend from Illinois has
told us heretofore, in every other sense except
the technical one the war is not over. We
are plunged in the same confusion in a finan-
cial sense and in a business sense that we have
been all the time. It requires extra effort on
the part of the Treasury Department. The
business of the country demands that these
accounts' shall be settled promptly, and by men
whose skill and fidelity is beyond question;
does it not? I appeal to the Senator from Illi-
nois if the business of the country does not
require that the matters in the Treasury De-
partment should be conducted with prompt-
ness, with dispatch, with fidelity, just as much
as it did last year; and whether the extra press-
ure which the war brought upon the Depart-
ment is yet over? I think my friend from
Illinois will be obliged to answer that it is
not.
Now, what is it proposed to do? It is pro-
posed to do for this one year more precisely
what has been done for the year last past; and
that is, to leave in the hands of the financial
agent and treasurer of the Government money
enough to stimulate merit and to reward ex-
tra labor and faithful and skillful and compe-
tent men for work which they do beyond what
their salaries will reasonably support them in
doing, for the time being. That is what I
meant when I said it was an expedient; to
carry us over for this present time, without a
general and permanent increase of pay, the fix
(to use a homely phrase) in which we are.
The Senator from Illinois asks me why it is
not necessary for the Interior Department. 1
find iu this bill substantially the same provision
to the amount of over eighty thousand dollars,
in a different form of words to be sure, but sub-
stantially a grant of precisely the same sort of
power to the Interior Department. Why does
not, the Senator from Illinois attack that.? Is
it because the Secretary of the Interior did not
make a speech the same midnight that the
Secretary of the Treasury did? Is that the
reason? My friend disclaims it, inferentially
at least; so do I.
Whatever may be the faults of the gentleman
who occupies the ofliee of Secretary of the
Treasury, it has never been charged that any
one of his faults was unfaithfulness inside the
wall of his Department in the performance of
his duty. If his religion does not happen to
suit me, if his tastes do not happen to suit me,
if his politics do not happen to suit me, I will
not cripple his power to perform the duties
that the law imposes upon him by refusing
either to raise the salaries of his clerks, so
that he can do it, or to give him the money to
stimulate extra effort in the performance.
Mr. STE WA11T. I voted against this amend-
ment yesterday for the reason that I was op-
posed to this mode of paying clerks. I believe
that they and all other otficers should ho paid
by a fixed salary. I do not like it still; but
after some reflection, and being better informed
upon the subject, it appears to me that it is
necessary that additional compensation shall
be made. Inasmuch as it appears impossible
to do it in the regular way, this session at least,
it seems almost a necessity, in order that the
business of the Department may be well per-
formed, that this amendment shall be carried.
Therefore I shall change my vote, and vote for
the amendment, not because I like this mode
of paying officers, for 1 do not, but because if
we fail to make this appropriation 1 am in-
formed there is danger of embarrassing the
Treasury Department, and that there is no
probability of arranging a salary bill at this ses-
sion. In order to avoid doing what might be
a great evil, I shall vote for the amendment
reported by the committee. They appear to
have investigated the whole subject, and to have
come to the conclusion that this is the only
way to meet the emergency.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me that there
is much misapprehension in regard to this
matter. It has been stated here over and over
again that we have made these appropriations
since the war commenced; that Secretary
Chase and Secretary Fessenden exercised such
powers. I may be mistaken in my recollec-
tion ; I have not .looked into the facts care-
fully ; but if I recollect aright, Secretary Chase
was never authorized to do anything that is
proposed here, nor Secretary Fessenden either,
nor ayy other Secretary ; that this proposition
was passed for the first time on the 2d of
March, 18(35, and was a measure supported by
the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not here then;
I was in the Treasury Department.
Mr. WILSON. You advocated it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I drafted it and sent
it in, and recommended its adoption.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; that is what I
mean. It was passed three days before the
Senator went out of olliee, and therefore ho
did not have time to put it iu execution. We
have placed money in the hands of the Secre-
taries to employ additional labor, and allowed
them to classify the persons employed. I have
no objection to that. I have no objection to
voting any sum of money that is required to
employ additional clcrks in the Treasury De-
partment, and letting the Secretary classify
them as first, second, third, or fourth class
clerks. I do not believe that any additional
labor is necessary in that Department. 1 think
the Department is exceedingly crowded at the
present time with clerks ; that there is an extra
number of them there ; and I think that is
the opinion of e\ erybody who knows anything
about the subject.
But the question here is simply whether we
are to continue and put in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury a sum of money for
him to distribute, according to his own pleas-
ure, among clerks whose salaries arc now fixed
by law. J said yesterday that I did not believe
in the thing when it, was passed, and I do not
believe in it now. It was passed at a time and
under circumstances when, we all know, but
little opposition was made to such measures.
I doubted it then. I believe it has ci'eated a
great deal of discontent in the olliee. It may
be that there are some clerks in that Depart-
ment who will not remain there; but 1 have
serious doubt whether a single man will resign
his place because he cannot get increased com-
pensation. There is a change going on iu the
country. The fixed salaries are now worth
more than they were a year ago. There arc
thousands and tens of thousands of very able
men who have been thrown out of the military
service who are now seeking employment. It
is not so difficult to get able men as it was two
years ago when we employed so many in the
Army.
I am opposed upon principle to this system,
and intend to vote to-day as T voted yesterday
on the subject, and I voted yesterday, although
political allusions were made, without any
feeling on that subject. That was not the
motive that prompted me. 1 have no disposi-
tion to renew that matter to-day. If wo did,
we should have a lecture upon taste, which has
got to be very customary here in the Senate.
This thing has sprung up very much lately.
Instead of allowing Senators to express them-
selves as they choose and take the responsibil-
ity of their own acts, they are told how things
ought to be done. I do not believe in it very
much. I never accustom myself to that kind
of lecturing. I say my say here in a very plain
way, and if Senators choose to reply to it, very
well. If they do not like it, very well. If they
do not like it, I am sorry for it, because I do
not wish to displease anybody. I simply say
that this is a continuation of the sole original
act of this kind that I think has ever been
passed in the history of the Government. It
originated on the 2d day of March, 18G5, and
we propose now to continue it. I doubted its
expediency then. I believe it has worked dis-
content. If it was necessary at that time, I
think the necessity has passed away, and I am
opposed to'renewing it now.
Mr. HOWAliD. Mr. President, I feel a
very strong repugnance toward this amend-
ment, and I hope it will be lion-concurred in.
What is it? It appropriates—
l?or compensation of temporary elorks in the
Treasury Department and for additional compensa-
tion to officois and clerks in thu same Department,
$K>0,000: Prnv'deil, That the temporary clerks heroin
provided for maybe classified according to the char-
actor of tlicir services, and that the Secretary of the
Treasury may award sueli additional compensation
as may bo in his judgment just and maybe required
by the public sorvice.
It will bo seen that there are two classes of
clerks to be provided for out of this sum of
S100,000. The first are the temporary clAks,
so called; and the other the officers and clerks
already properly and formally employed in
that Department. There is no limit to the
number of temporary clerks who may be thus
employed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and there is no rule but the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury for the distribution
of this fund, or any part of it, to those officers
and clerks who are permanently such in the
employment of the Department. Tt appears to
me that this is a very loose and a very unsafe
style of legislation. Is it the purpose of the
honorable Senator from Maine to allow the
Secretary of the Treasury to appoint and cm-
ploy in that Department any number of tem-
porary clerks, the number depending only
upon his discretion, his " judgment," in the
language of tho bill, or perhaps upon his
caprice or whim, as it may practically turn
out? Is that the purpose of the honorable
Senator ? That is certainly the meaning of the
clause, so far as I can comprehend it; and
under it the Secretary may at any time employ
just as many temporary clerks as he may see
fit, and the number may run up from twenty
to one hundred, or five hundred, or oven a
thousand if he sees fit to employ so many.
There is no limit fixed by the statute to the
number.
A similar objection lies to the distribution
of the fund, so far as it icspects the permanent
clerks in the employment of the Department.
There is no rule by which the money is to be
distributed among them. All is left to the
caprice and the favoritism—if he sees fit to
employ favoritism—of tho Secretary of tho
Treasury ; and it is beyond all doubt that in
the distribution of the fund he will necessarily
create groat discontent among the clerks, and
do injustice, at least to some of them. I pre-
fer that the clause, should settle the amount
which is to be paid to each clerk with pre-
cision and exactness, leaving nothing to the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
But, sir, it is useless to disguise it; this
amendment will in its operation place in the
hands of the Secretary of tho Treasury $160,000
to be used by him, if he shall see fit so to nso
it, as an electioneering fund, as a fund to
reward that class of clerks connected with his
Department who have figured very recently so
conspicuously as politicians; that class of clerks
who have taken it upon themselves to lecture
Congress on the subject of their duties here ;
who, acting under the impulse, as I must pre-
sume, of their chief, have seen fit to pass res-
olutions in their ward meetings, or in their
associations, or clubs, denouncing the majority
in the two Houses of Congress in reference to
very grave and important measures pending
before them. Sir, 1 will ne\ or consent to place
the money of the United States in such hands,
hands which may use it for such base purposes.
I do not care who the chief of tho Department
is, or what may lie his merits ; in my judgment,
it is an act of childishness and folly, and worse
than childishness and folly, to plaee_sueh a
sum of money in rho hands of a public func-
tionary, who, according to his own givings out,
is as bitterly hostile to the policy of this Con-
gress as any man in the laud. I will never
consent to feed a foe, even though that, foe may
be a mere political foe. Let him remain iu his
place and do his duty, and not ask Congress to
become the contributors of money to enable
I himto carry on electioneering campaigns. For
' these reasons I shall vote against this amend-
ment.
