1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
The Clerk rend the bill, as follows:
A bill to facilitate commercial, postal, and military
communication among the several State?.
Whereas the Constitution of the ITnjtcd States con-
fers upon Congress, in express terms, the power to
regulate commerce amoiv? the several States, to_ es-
tablish post roadb, and to'raise and suppoit armies:
Therefore,
Be %i enacted by the Senate and House of Jieprcfenta-
tives of the United States t/i ('onnrrss a^eynblcd., .that
every railroad company inthc United States whose
road is operated by steam, its successors and assigns,
be ancliri hereby authorized to carry upon and oyerits
road, connections, boats, bridges, and ferries, all pas-
sengers, troops. Government supplies, mails, Ireight,
and property on their way from any State to another
State, and to receive compensation therefor.
Mr. BALDVflN. Mr. Speaker, I repeat that
I exonerate the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiburxe] from any complicity in any effort
to impose upon the House or the public, as he
was consistently opposed to the claims of that
road in the last Congress. I exonerate him
from any such purpose as that which 1 suppose
to be in this bill. But plainly by (he very terms
of the bill itself it does release, not only the Illi-
nois Central railroad from the conditions of its
contracts with the Government, butevery other
road from similar conditions where similar land
grants have been made. There are nine other
States in which I believe similar land grants
have been made and similar conditions made
with the several railroad companies, and all those
contracts are nullified by the effect of this bill,
for it says in express terms that they shall re-
ceive compensation for carrying Government
troops and supplies.
Now, when this bill was before the House,
I sought an opportunity to make the statement
that has been read from my letter, and suggest
or propose ail amendment; but, after a lew
words had been spoken by one or two gentle-
men, the previous question was insisted on. and
1 found it impossible to do so. The previous
question was called and seconded, and nothing
could be said to show what seemed to be a great
defect in the bill, f would have suggested an
amendment to provide for that defect it 1 could
have had an opportunity to do so.
Mr. WASHBURN!'], of Illinois. If the
gentleman from Massachusetts will allow me, I
will ask him a question. I would like to know
whether he understood that to be the meaning
of the bill when he voted for it at the last ses-
sion of Congress?
Mr. BALD WIN. Mr. Speaker, we are now
and then compelled to vote some tilings under
the demand for the previous question without
being able to understand them. It may have
been, too. in this case, as in many others, that
in striking a blow in one direction we may have
overlooked another effect of it. In straining at
a gnat we may somet imes unconsciously swallow
a very big camel. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BALDWIN. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I voted for this
bill, and I did so under the decided impression
at the time that it was leveled against an unjust
corporation : and I had no purpose, dream, or
imagination that it could be so construed as to
release from already subsisting obligations the
Illinois Central railroad, or any other railroad
corporation of the United States. But after it
passed through this House I was amazed and
astounded that such a question was raised. To
my mind it is plausible from the language of
the bill, f felt then, and 1 take occasion to say
now, that it. was improper to report a bill and
to press it through the House under the opera-
tion of the previous question, cutting off all de-
bate and that deliberate consideration which its
importance demanded. And I am under the
impression now that the bill ought to have been ;
guarded with a proviso excluding in express |
terras, and settling beyond judicial question, 1
the question now raised—to preclude all opera-
tion of the bill from releasing already incurred
obligations of the Illinois Central or any other
railroad.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker, 1 have noth-
ing more to add except to repeat tlial I never in-
tended to charge anything against the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr.AVASHBHRXE.] I was speak-
ing, in the letter referred to, about the reporter
uf the Associated Press; and I said that in re-
porting the proceedings by which certain gen-
tlemen from Tennessee were admitted to the
courtesies of this floor he failed to state the
case so as to show precisely what was done; in
fact, that his report misled the public by omit-
ting some of the votes. Then 1 proceeded to
refer to the bill under discussion, without intend-
ing to charge anything against the gentleman
from Illinois. The mention of his name was
accidental. If it appears that any charge is
made, I disavow and withdraw it entirely.
But so far as relates to the representation
against the bill, 1 insist now that the bill does
have that effect; and competent lawyers whom
I have consulted, and who are impartial in their
position with regard to the matter, take«the same
view of it, without one exception.
It did seem to me at that time, Mr. Speaker,
that if we could have had that bill duly consid-
ered before the House, and everything pre-
sented that occurred to members which was
pertinent to this point, we should have had the
bill passed by the House in very much better
form. It was certainly very improper—we do
act sometimes very improperly on important
questions here under the operation of the pre-
vious question, and I hope we may reform in
that respect.
Mr. VVASIIBURNE, of Illinois. In replyto
the gentleman from Massachusetts, J will say
that I am entirely satisfied with the explanation
he has made so far as concerns myself.
But the point is not in relation to construc-
tion. There may be differences of opinion in
regard to the construction which may be given
to\his clause. The point was, the statement
in the gentleman's letter that it was the "real
but undeclared purpose of the bill'' to do that.
Now, 1 think the gentleman from Massachusetts
must be entirely satisfiedthatthere was no real
jiuipose of that kind—that it was not the inten-
tion. as stated, to pass a bill for the purpose of
relieving the Illinois Central railroad. I am
glad that the gentleman has done justice in that
regaid. And I am glad to hear so general an
expression of the sentiment of this House on that
question. It was not settled at the last ses-
sion—it is yet to be settled—whether the Unf-
tedStates v, ill peimit towaid a million dollars
to go from the Tieasuiy of the United States,
against law and justice, into the cotlers of that
monstrous monopoly, the Illinois Central rail-
road, which is crushing out the vitals ol the
people of Illinois.
Mr. BO LTWELL. Will my colleague allow
me a moment?
Mr BALDWIN. Ves, sir.
Mr. BOUT WELL. 1 venture to make a sug-
gestion, if it be in order, that the Clerk of the
House be directed to ask the Senate to return
the bill. I think it was passed under some
misapprehension.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
No objection being made, it was ordered that
the Clerk be directed to ask the Senate to
return the bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I desired to have this bill
brought back because of the rapid manner in
which that bill was put through. Of course the
House well knows that the Slate of New Jer-
sey is particularly interested in this bill. I got
up here before the House, and was permitted
by the indulgence of the chairman who repotted
the bill to make a few remarks — about live
minutes in length—and was then chokcd off.
And to show the precipitate manner in which
bills have been passed through under the pre-
vious question, in a few minutes afterward an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States was passed here without debate. _ the
amendment was passed within thirty minutes
after the proposition was made. I think these
proceedings with regard to this bill ought to
teach the members of the House a lesson,
namely, that on grave and important matters
the minority of the House ought, at least Jo be
heard. Of course our votes on bills of this
character, or any other, without the assistance'
of the other side, can have but little force ;but
we at least ask an opportunity on questions that
interest the people ol' the whole country to "be
heard. And I have no doubt whatever, if that
bill could have been discussed, that this diffi-
culty which is now perceived would have been
seen then, and we would not have passed the
bill in the shape iu which it w£ls done. And
although I am not here to charge complicity
upon any member of the House in regard-#)
this bill, I have no doubt that the outside lobby
who got it up—the men that usually do the
mischief—in getting such legislation through as
this understand the real object sought, that
it was not only to strike a blow at the State of
New Jersey, but also for the purpose of reliev-
ing this railroad in Illinois from a liability which
it justly incurred.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that some outside influence was
brought to change the form of this bill. Does
he insinuate by that that the Camden and _Aire
boy people have managed it so as to turn it off
upon the Illinois Central railroad?
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir. The people of New
Jersey had no idea of legislation ot this kind
up to the hour that it took place, and they ex-
pected to make opposition, and that opposition
would have been confined not to one party iu
the State. It pervades the whole State. Every
member of this House voted against it. The
State of New Jersey would lose by such an act"
$200,000 annually in taxes now paid by the
Camden and Amboy railroad. I was not per-
mitted to explain and show the reasons which
they desired to urge against its passage.
That is the reason why we protest against this
kind of action on measures of this kind, and
entreat that when members ask to be heard
the only true way to arrive at a proper consider-
ation is to allow the matter to be discusscd, that
the country may know and members may know
what the real objections to the measures are.
No man can be expected, when a bill is brought
up in this hasty manner, and when lie is unac-
quainted with'its merits', to be able at once to
arm e at a conclusion how to vote. Bills are run
through by caucus machinery in such manner
as to take members by surprise. They cannot
give an intelligent vote so as to be able to make
a satisfactory repoit to their constituency when
legislation is carried on in this manner. It is
a pleasure to me to sec a disposition upon the
part of the majority of this House to give the
minority some rights, and I trust that in future
when questions of this character, or any other,
come up we may have an opportunity to discuss
them.
Mr. HALE. I ask if there is any question
before the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to any further
remarks.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution germane to the
present matter. I ask that it bo reported for
information.
The Clerk read, as follows:
llemlvrA, That the previous question wa« designed
us a means ot reasonable limitation ot debate, and
not for the entire suppression thereof, mid that,, there-
fore. a jesard both for the public interests and Lie
rights oi minorities require that no measure involv-
ing important question.'of principle and policy ought
to pas-s the llou&c with-it a reasonable opportunity
for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I object
to that resolution. The previous question is
only ordered by a majority.
Mr. DAYIS. I desire to say one word hi
regard to a remaik of the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
Mr. SPALDINO. I object.
Mr. DAYIS. It is by way of personal ex-
planation.
Mr. SPALDINO. I object.
The SPEAKER then resumed the call of
committees for reports.
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to report back
a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce ot
