1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2133
is but 15,000, taking your calculation from the
vote that was east.
But, sir, the Senator from Oregon, with
great force and earnestness, appeals to us to
give to these people the right to vote for Pres-
ident of the United States, to control the legis-
lation of Congress, to control the financial
policy of the Government. He referred in his
remarks to.these matters; and to give force
■to his argument he alludes to the position of
the Senator from Massachusetts, that taxation
.-•without representation is tyranny. Sir, is it
possible that a small community in the forma-
tion of the laws shall have the same voice that
a great community shall have ? Representa-
tion must be equal and just, else representa-
tion of itself becomes tyranny. If you say
that 15,000 persons in Colorado shall have the
same voice in the legislation of the country
that the 1,300,000 people of Indiana have, you
adopt a tyranny as oppressive as to deny rep-
resentation altogether. What has been the
policy of the Government upon this question?
The first position assumed by the Government
was before the adoption of the Constitution, in
the celebrated Ordinance of 1787, by which it
was provided that out of the Territory of the
Northwest, which now has in this Union sucli
great empire States, there might be formed
three or five States, but that no State should
be admitted until it had a population of 60,000,
about double of what was then the ratio of
representation in the House of Representatives;
and my colleague and I represent a State that
came into this Union under that provision.
The people of Indiana had no voice in the
making of the Federal laws, the people of In-
diana had no voice .in the selection of the Pres-
ident of the U nited States, until they could num-
ber 60,000, until they could show a population
entitling them to a Representative in 1 ho other
House. But now it is claimed as tyranny if
this Territory with a population of 15,000 shall
not have a voice in the Senate of the United
States, equal to the 1,300,000 people of In-
diana.
Why, Mr. President, contemplate the prop-
osition of the Senator from Oregon for a mo-
ment. He says that it is an act of injustice, that
it is an act of tyranny, if the people of Colorado
shall not have a voice in the selection of a
President of the United States. Her popula-
tion, in comparison with the population of the
State which my colleague and I represent, is
about as one to ninety. In the Senate of the
United States one man in Colorado will hare
the voice of ninety men in the State of Indi-
ana; Is that equality? Is that democracy?
Is that justice? Or is it tyranny? And when
you come to select a President of the United
States in 18G8, is it right, is it just, is it con-
sistent with the policy of our Government, that
one man in Colorado shall have the voice of
ninety men in Indiana? How many it would
be in New York, I know not. But the Sena-
tor says he has heard no complaint from New
York; no complaint from the great State of
Pennsylvania. As one of the representatives
from Indiana, I differ from my colleague, and
I am not willing that in the selection of a
President at the next great election, which is
to be a very sensitive period in our history, ot:e
man in Colorado shall equal ninety of the men
whom I represent. It is not according to the
policy of the Government. It is not accord-
ing 
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator how he figures that out. He
says that Indiana, as compared with Colorado,
estimating her population at fifteen thousand,
has ninety to one in population ; but CQlorado
will not have the same number of votes in
electing a President that Indiana has.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The criticism of the
Senator is right in respect to the election of a
President. I have not made the calculation
as to what would be the disproportion in the
election of a President. I made my calculation
in respect to the voice in the passage of laws
through this body, and then applied it without
very much reflection to the election of a Pres-
ident. The disproportion would be very great,
and it would give to a man in Colorado far
greater power and voice in the selection of a
President than to a man in the State of Indiana.
As to the two electors that are based upon the
senatorial representation, my argument is cor-
rect. Colorado at the next presidential elec-
tion,, if she is admitted, will elect two senatorial
electors, and those two senatorial electors will
cast a vote equal to the two senatorial electors
that are selected by the 1,300,000 people of
Indiana. In respect to the two senatorial del-
egates, my argument is correct, that one man
in Colorado would have a voice equal to ninety
men in Indiana.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Do I understand the
Senator from Indiana to say that the policy of
our Government and the Constitution of our
Government require equality in these things?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir, I do not say so.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Take the State of Del-
aware, take the State of Florida, which the
Senator is so anxious to get in, and he will
find an inequality, if not so great, yet very
great between those States ana the State he
so ably represents here. It is not the policy
of our Government, I apprehend, to have
equality in these things, and we do not have it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The existing inequal-
ity in the Senate of the United States was so
ably discussed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Bcckalew] some time since, and
has been answered, or attempted, at least, to
be answered by some Senators, that it is not
necessary now for the Senator from Iowa or
myself to rediscuss that question. The fact
that there is inequality in the old States that
came in as colonies into the Union and helped
to make this Government does not justify us
in carrying that inequality beyond any point
known in our history heretofore. In 1787, as
I have said, when a territorial government was
given to the Northwestern Territory, it was
required that before the admission of a State
from that Territory there should be a popula-
tion entitling the State to two Representatives
in the House—a population of sixty thousand.
I believe the same provision is found in the
territorial government for the Southwestern
Territory, and in the territorial government
for the Territory of Louisiana, showing a pol-
icy and purpose by our forefathers ; and I un-
derstood the chairman of the Committee on
Territories to say that that has been the senti-
ment? constantly from the foundation of the
Government up to the present time, some-
times, for particular reasons, departed from,
as in the case of Kansas.
Mr. STEWART. Was it not departed from
in the ease of Florida and Arkansas to a greater
extent than in the case of Kansas? Neither
of them, as I understand, had as much as fif-
teen thousand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was quoting the re-
mark of the Senator from Ohio as authority.
If the Senator from Nevada is not content with
the argument that I present, I shall be obliged
to him if ho will answer it when I get through.
The Senator from Ohio, in the argument of
this question a few weeks since, when he op-
posed the admission of Colorado with very
great ability, stated, as I understood him, that
the policy of theGovernmenthadbeen, though
sometimes departed from under peculiar cir-
cumstances, to require a population entitling
the people to a Representative in the House
of Representatives. Now, sir, it wouldreqnire
about one hundred and twenty thousand to
secure, a Representative in the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and here with a population, upon
the best information we can get, of about fif-
teen thousand, it is asked to give two Senators
and a Representative to Colorado. I think the
people of Indiana will hardly be satisfied with
the argument of my colleague, based upon the
loyalty of the people of Colorado, when h^
says, that in the making of the laws, so far as
they depend upon the action of the Senate,
and in the selection of a President of the Uni-
ted States, so far as it depends upon senato-
rial electors, he is willing to give to the people
of Colorado, because of theirassumed loyklty,
a voice ninety times greater than to the men
of Indiana.
Mr. President, it is claimed that the Territory
can be very much more prosperous with a State
government than with a territorial govern-
ment. I have never lived under a territorial
government, and have not the experience of
the Senator from Oregon or the Senator from
Nevada in that respect; but why is it that a
Territory may not be prosperous? Why may
she not be comparatively independent in the
regulation of her own domestic affairs? She
does not have the selection of her Governor, or
of her judges; but she selects all her local offi-
cers ; she selects her Legislature. Her Legis-
lature, by the laws which it enacts, regulates
all her domestic affairs. If they need a com-
bination of wealth, the Territorial Legislature
may establish corporations, and may do all
those things which the local interests of the
people may require. I think the history of the
Territories does not support the Senator from
Oregon in the position that they are less pros-
perous during their territorial existence than
afterward, f think there is not much weight
in the argument of the Senator from Oregon
and the Senator from Nevada upon that point.
The Territories up to this time have not com-
plained, so far as I know, of the legislation of
Congress that applies to them. It seems to me •
to have been just and fair; and in respect to
their domestic affairs, they regulate them for
themselves.
I have said about all that I desire to say on
this question. I know of no change that has
taken place in the population of Colorado or
in the regularity of the proceedings by which
this constitution was adopted since this bill
was rejected by the Senate. I am curious to
know what shall change the judgment of Sen-
ators in regard to it. My colleague says that
ho has not, joined in any whispering that we
need two additional Senators here, and yet he
did say before ho closed his speech that ho was
glad to have additional Senators if they repre-
sented a loyal constituency. Mr. President, I
shall, as readily as my colleague, as readily as
any other Senator, welcome Senators who come
here from new States with a population which
justly, fairly, and rightly entitles them to seats
in this body; but 1 am not prepared to say that
the small population of Colorado shall have
an equal voice in the Senate with the large
population of Indiana.
Mr. STEWART. There have been several
allusions in the debate to the fact that this bill
has been once defeated. 1 desire to call the
attention of the Senate t.o the fact that it was
not defeated in a full Senate. The votes against
it were only 21, and those for it 14, so that
there were only thirty-five Senators voting.
When we have a full Senate there are forty-
nine here, there being twenty-five States repre-
sented. I say consequently that vote was not
a fair test when there wore only thirty-five
members voting.
The assumption that the population of Col-
orado is only 15,000 is not a fair statement of
the case. I think, myself, that the population
is small; but placing it at 15,000 is certainly a
very great exaggeration—a greater exaggera-
tion than it would bo to place it at 50,000.
From the evidence fairly before us it is shown
that at the last election for State officers they
cast over seven thousand votes. Gentlemen
say that is just as good a criterion of the amount
of population as the vote in 1861 was. I deny
it. Since that time families have been moving
in: there were not so many miners roaming
over the country that are only transient; there
is a more settled population, and the numbers
of voters in proportion to the population now
is not as great as it was in 1801.
In 18G1 they were huddled together in one
or two small mining camps. Now they are
scattered all over the Territory, and manv ox
them following agricultural pursuits with their
families. A vote of 7,000 now would indicate
a larger population than a vote of 10,000 did
when they were in one or two mining camps
