1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
present call of the morning hour. The lan-
guage of the resolution is—
. That in addition to the regular call of committees
m the morning hour, the call of the committees for
reports shall proceed continuously in the sessions of
the House, after the business now on the Speaker's
table shall have been disposed of, until the present
call of committees shall have been completed.
I propose, if gentlemen insist upon it,, to add
the words "allowing one hour to each commit-
tee," though I think that when gentlemen have
been occupying days with the reports of their
committees, it comes with a bad grace for tliem
to insist on this restriction.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see how we are
to get through with the speciul orders if we
adopt this proposition. Tile bills which are
matured and before the House will all be
pushed aside.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Not at all. _ Gentlemen
will have the whole of the day session Cor such
business. My resolution applies only to the
evening session.
Mr. STEVENS. If the morning hour of
the day session be abolished, I will consent to
the proposition.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I call for
the regular order.
JAMES P. JOHNSON.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call lip the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which Senate
bill No. 374, an act for the relief of James P.
Johnson, was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
required to pay to James P. Johnson, of Iowa,
the sum of $202 50, in full payment for his
services as veterinary surgeon in the fourth
Iowa cavalry.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred, Shall the bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims? which
was decided in the negative.
Mr. ANCONA. Idesire to reserve myright.
to make the point of order that this bill must,
under the rule, go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to hear the report read. When he learns
the circumstances of the case, I think he will
not objcct.
The report was read.
Mr. ANCONA. I make the point of order
that the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw that point of order.
The papers upon which the report is based
show that this claim is indorsed by the Secre-
tary of War, as well as by the colonel of the
regiment and the general commanding the
brigade.
Mr. ANCONA. I have no doubt as to the
merits of the case. The report satisfies me on
that point. But I do not see why this claim
should be preferred to others of equal merit.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The bill simply
proposes to pay a man who performed service
in the Army, and who cannot get his pay
because of a mere mistake in the voucher.
Mr. ANCONA. I will withdraw the point;
and 1 will see whether other gentlemen appre-
ciate the favor.
Sir. RADFORD. There are a thousand cases
similar to this, and I do not see why this should
be preferred.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa, demanded the previ-
ous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REORGANIZATION OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill, in the nature
of a substitute for House bill No. 69G, to reor-
ganize the Treasury Department, and to fix
the pay of its officers; which was ordered to
be printed and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Uuion.
MILLER AND ULRICK.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the same commit-
tee, moved that the committee be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of
Miller and Ulrick, and that the same be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES POOL.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which Senate bill No. 311, for the re-
lief of James Pool was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
A bill for the payment of this claimaut was
passed by the Senate in 1801, on the report of
Senator Wade, which I now hold in my hand. I
was requested to look at the case, and did so and
became satisfied it was a just claim and ought
to be paid. It failed in the House. The Sen-
ate again passed it in 1862, and it again failed
to pass the House. It has once more passed
the Senate, and I think there will be no objec-
tion when the report has been read. The bill
directs the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
James Pool §1,287 10 out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, provided
that $487 50 of said amount shall be paid out
of any annuities or moneys payable to the Sen-
ecas or Shawnee Indians, if there be any, and
if none, then the whole sum to be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States. That is
much less than was provided in the bill of 1861,
when, if it were not a just claim, it would not
have been passed. '
I ask the Clerk to read Senator Wade's
report.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It appears that the petitioner was employed by
the United Slates, under tho provisions of sundry
treaties, as a blacksmith for tho Delaware, Shawnee,
and Seneca tribes of Indians, from August, 1823, until
U ovember, 18,38.
" During portions of this period it became neces-
sary to employ an assistant or striker, and Mr. Pool
employed a striker and paid him out of his private
funds, under the assurance, as is alleged, of the com-
missioners or Indian agents, that tho money should
be refunded as soon as appropriations could be ob-
tained. In consequence of the death of Governor
Stokes and Captain Vaishon, the Indian agents, the
properestimatesand vouchers failed to bo forwarded,
and although tho claim was repeatedly and urgently
pressed upon the Government, it was not paid until
1852.
"In 1851 he renewed tho application, but there
being no fund out of which he could be paid, a
clause was inuertedin the deficiency bill forthatyear
(Thirty-Second Congress, fust session, page 19,) 'for
payment lor services of blacksmith and for use of
tools for the Seneca tribes of Indians, from July 1 to
November 8,1838, $213 33.' And in tho deficiency bill
for 1852, (Thirty-Second Congress, second session,
page IbtiJ 'for the services of a striker in the shop of
the Delaware Indians, from August 1,1823, to August
31,1826, and for the services of a smith and striker in
the shop of the Seneeas and Shawnees of Lowiston,
from 17th November, 1823, to loth February, 1838, de-
ducting all amounts paid for such serviceduringsaid
poriod, and for balance duo for services on Seneca
mill-dam, as estimated by tho proper Department,
$2.2%).'
Roth of the above sums were found by tho ac-
counting officers to be duo to the memorialist, and
were paid to him.
"He now asks that interest may be allowed him
from the time the sums bccamo due until provision
was made by Congress for their payment.
" The chiefs of the tribes certify that the payment
was demanded, at tho time, of Major Graham, the
Indian agent, and that he had no funds in his hands
out of which he could pay it.
"The memorialist further states that this money
was actually paid out by him at the time; that he
expected immediate reimbursement; thatupon mak-
ing tho demand it was found that there was no fund
applicable to that object, although the treaty stipu-
lations with those tribes required the expenditure;
that the successive deaths of Governor Stokes and
Captain Vaishon, Indian commissioners, prevented
the proper application being made at the time for the
appropriation; and that his laborious duties, and the
care of a family dependent on his labor for support
in that remote section of country, together with the
repeated promises of successive agents that his case
should be attended to, prevented his coming to Wash-
ington to demand payment at an earlier day. When
he did come tho indebtedness was admitted by the
Department, and an appropriation was asked and
granted to pay tho principal, but no allowance was
mado for interest."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
SO, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Johnson, and Mr.
Habdiko of Illinois.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that the bill makes an appropriation,
and must have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have done my duty.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. CONKLING nfoved to reconsider the
votes by which the business on the Speaker's
table last evening was referred to the several
committees; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT OP MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. DAWES. I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which Senate joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 121) providing for the auditing
of the accounts of the State of Massachusetts
for moneys expended during the war for coast
defense, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
The motion to refer was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
That the President of tho United States bo, and
he is hereby, authorized and requested to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senato,
two commissioners who shall examine into the claim
and audit the accounts of the State of Massachusetts
for moneys expended for coast defense during the
war, and shall make a full and complete report
thereon to Congress at its next session.
Mr. DAWES. I move the following substi-
tute which conforms to the bill prepared by the
committee. It strikes out the appointment of
commissioners and leaves the Secretary of War
to do this work:
That tho Secretary of War be authorized and re-
quired to settle with the proper authorities of tha
State of Massachusetts for expenses incurred by that
Stato for coast defenses during the war, and to roport
the amount found to be justly due to said Stato on
said account to Congress in December next.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, wasordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time and passed. ■
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in
order is the consideration of the bill reported
on Thursday last during the morning hour by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McCul-
lougii.]
CHESAPEAKE AND POTOMAC CASAL COMPANY.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of Senato bill No. 281, to authorize the
Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River Tide-
water Canal Company to enter the District
of Columbia and extend their canal to the
Anacostia river at any point above Benning's
bridge.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is the gentleman who
has charge of this bill present?
The SPEAKER. He is not.
'Mr. INGERSOLL. What is the condition
of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing it to be read a third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed. .
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed j and also
