3134:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fos-
ter Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, Johnson, McDou-
gal'l, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Stewart, Van Winkle, and Williams—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cragin, Crcswell, G-rimcs, Howard,
Howe. Kirkwood, Lano of Indiana, Poland, Pom-
eroy, .Ramsey, Sprague, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. "Brown, Chandler, Clark, Dixon,
Henderson, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Nye, Sumner,
Willey, Wright, and Yates—12.
S0 the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That in cases in which
moneys accruing to the United States trora fines,
penalties,and forfeitures, or other sources, have been
erroneously received and covered into the Treasury
before the payment of the proper informer's moie-
ties, or other charges legally and justly changeable
against the saino, so much money as may be neces-
sary to pay said claims, admitted and certified in duo
course of settlement, is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
This amendment explains itself. In the col-
lection of forfeitures under the internal rev-
enue law there have been a good many sums
paid into the Treasury and covered, and there
is no law appropriating them. This is intended
to appropriate them in order that the inform-
er's moieties and the charges properly pay
able out of those suras may bo settled and
adjusted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That thero be, and is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, $:!0,000,0u0, to be paid
by the proper officers of tho Treasury to the loyal
owners of slaves mustered into tho military servico
of tile United States under tho act of March 3,1864.
t will merely read the law on which 1 base
this amendment. The twenty-fourth section
of the act of March 3, 1804, is in these words:
" Sue. 24. And he it further enacted. That ail able-
bodied male colored persons, betwoon tho ages of
twenty ami forty-live years, resident in tho United
. (States, shall be enrolled according to tho provisions
of this act, and oft.be act to which this is an amend-
ment, and form part of tho national forces: and when
a slave of si loyal master shall be diafted and mus-
tered into the service of tho United States, his master
shall have a certificate thereof, and thereupon such
slave shall be free; and tho bounty ot'SROO, now pay-
able by luw (or each drafted man, shall ho paid to tho
person to whom such drafted peisou was owing ser-
vice or labor at tho time of his master into tho ser-
vico of tho United States. Tho Secretary of War
shall appoint a commissioner in each of tho slave
States represented in Uonsress, charged to awaul to
each loyal person to whom n colored volunteer may
owe sorvice. a just compensation, not exceeding $300
for each such coloml volunteer, payable out of tho
fund derived from commutations, and every such
colored volunteer, on being mustered into theserviee,
shall be free."
Now, Mr. President, I am informed that
the fund out of which these bounties were to
be paid, that accumulated in tho Treasury,
amounted to from twelve to twenty million dol-
lars. Under this act that fund ought to have
been distributed among the owners of the slaves
who were thus mustered into the military ser-
vice. It was not, but has been used by the
Government in its general expenditures. Here
is a law of Congress, by which the Govern-
ment. of the United States lias become indebted
to the owners of these slaves, the " persons to
whom service was due,'' in the language of (he
act. I therefore hope, as a matter of justice,
for the payment of this simple and recognized
debt by the United Slates, an appropriation
will be made.
Mr. CRESWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRESWELL. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator by what authority he says the commu-
tation fund has been expended? There is a
report in the Senate, made in response to a
resolution, offered by myself, by the Secretary
of War, in which he states that the amount of
that fund which is on hand is some ten or
twelve million dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. I said that it had gone into
the Treasury, and had been used, I presumed,
in the ordinary expenditures of the Govern-
ment like any other fund that went into the
Treasury.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think the Secretary
of War makes the statement in the communi-
cation which he has sent to the Senate in re-
sponse to the resolution I have spoken of, that
that money is now in his hands, ready to be
applied for that purpose when an order oan be
obtained from the President to that effect; and
I know that recently applications have been
made to the President for that purpose, to di-
rect that that money shali be so applied. I desire
to say that I believe this claim to be correct; I
believe the faith of the Government.is pledged
for the payment of this money; and that that
fund now in the hands of the War Department
should be so appropriated ; and if the gentle-
man will change his amendment so as to direct
that the fund now in the hands of the War De-
partment shall be appropriated to that purpose,
I will vote with him for the proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make that change.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. I think I must raise a
question of order on this amendment. I will
inquire whether it comes from any committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the rule of the
Senate to r°ad thus: that any appropriations
may be made in an appropriation bill in exe-
cution of a law of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the rule be read.
The Secretary read the thirtieth rule, as
follows:
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall bo received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to carry out tho provisions of
some existing law or some act or resolution previously
passed by the Senate during that session, or moved
by tho direction of a standing or select committee of
tho Scnato, or in pursuance of an estimate from tho
head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for
a private claim, unless it be to carry out the provis-
ions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation.''
Mr. DAVIS. Tho question of order, I do
not think, is correctly made, because this
amendment is obviously to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provisions of tho
law are that it shall be paid out of a particular
fund.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Kentucky
has so modified his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without ex-
pressing any opinion upon the law, the Chair
thinks the amendment is in order as modified.
Mr. WILSON. I have no idea that it is
proper to put, this amendment upon this bill,
or that we need to appropriate for this purpose
more than one third of the sum named, or, at
any rate, the half of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thero is no proper
place for it here. It ought to go on the Army
appropriation bill, if on any.
Mr. WILSON. In Kentucky about twenty-
four thousand colored men were raised for the
Army. Perhaps seventeen or eighteen thousand
of them, at a fair estimate—call it twenty thou-
sand—were slaves, and valuing them'at §300
apiece, instead of twenty millions there would
not be more than five or six millions required
for that Stale. There will be a claim from
Maryland for some; I do not know how many.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think myself that the
sum of $"20,000,000 is excessive.
Mr. WILSON. I think that seven or eight
millions would cover all tho cases everywhere ;
but I do not think it is proper to put it on this
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Army appropria-
tion bill has not passed yet, and that is the
proper place for this amendment. I suggest to
the Senator from Kentucky that if he wants to
bring this question up, the proper place for it
is on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think that the amendment
is proper on this bill. That is my impression.
If the Senate intend to pay this claim or order
it to be paid, it may just as well be 40ne on this
bill as on any other. If it is not the purpose
of the Senate to pay it, of course they will vote
it down. All I want is that the question shall
be decided by a vote of the Senate. I think we
may as well decide it now, as it is before the
Senate, as on any other bill. I therefore hope
that the Senate will adopt the amendment. I
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRESWELL. I ask for the reading
of the amendment as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and he is
hereby, directed to pay out of the fund in the Treas-
ury derived from the payment of commutations,
under the twenty-fourth section of the act of March
3,185-1, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled An
act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,1863,' " to
the loyal owners of slaves mustered into the military
service under that act, tho amount of their claims
for such slaves: Provided, That the said amount does
not exceed the sum of $20,000,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Upon the suggestion of Sen-
ators, with the permission of the Senate, I
will withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can withdraw his amendment, unless there be
objection. The Chair hears none. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is suggested to me
by tho Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmustds]
that perhaps it would be as well to make an
amendment in section seven, which has been
adopted, to exclude a conclusion; and I there-
fore move to insert after the word '' females'' in
the second line of that section, the words " not
otherwise provided for;" so that it will read :
That the addition of twenty per cent, to the com-
pensation of the females not otherwise provided tor,
messengers, &c.
It is a mere verbal amendment. There can-
not be any objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time,
it was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the title
of the bill was amended by adding the words
"and for other purposes."
ADDITIONAL PETITIONS.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memo-
rial of James C. Pickett, formerly charg6
d'affaires to Peru, representing that he sus-
tained a loss by exchange on his salary while
acting as charge d'affaires, and praying that a
readjustment of his accounts may be author-
ized; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of resi-
dents of tho county of Huerfano, in the Terri-
tory of Colorado, representing that the land
in that county is claimed by certain parties
under a grant from the Mexican Government,
embracing upward of five million acres, and
that in their opinion the land is the property
of the United States, and praying Congress
not to confirm any pretended grant and thus
dispossess tho settlers who have improved the
country in good faith, believing they were lo-
cating on Government land; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
ADDITIONAL REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill
(H. R. No. 334) to fix the number of judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States, and
to change certain judicial circuits, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred a memorial of members
of the bar of the circuit court of the United
States, for the district of Wisconsin, praying
that the district of Wisconsin be reannexed to
the eighth circuit, and also a memorial of
members of the Legislature of Wisconsin on
the same subject, have instructed me to report
them back and to ask to be discharged from
their further consideration, as the bill I have
just reported provides for the subject alluded
to in these petitions.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 416) for the benefit of certain half-
