1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
growls and fiercely shows its teeth if any one
else proposes to perform that neglpctod duty.
Allow me, sir, another preliminary observa-
tion. I have no design on this occasion to vio-
late the divine injunction which says, "Thou
shalt not steal." A few days ago, when I in-
troduced the very brief and very plain resolu-
tions now under consideration, it was instantly
heralded over the country, and especially in the
journal conducted by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond,] that I had attempted to
"steal the President."
Sir, these hungry and sordid spirits pay a
poorer compliment to the President, than even
they do to me, and I will hasten to quiet their
miserable apprehensions. It is no part of my
purpose to attempt to step between them and
the flesh-pots of public patronage. I have no
eye on the public crib at which they have fed
so long and grown so fat. I do not covet their
offices, their rich commissions, their unfathom-
able contracts, nor anything that is theirs. We
of the minority have lived through storm and
darkness and fiery persecutions without such
assistance to our patriotism, and at this late day
we shall not bend our knees because thrift may
follow fawning. Our action will be independ-
ent, with no desire, like the adroit animal in the
fable, to take advantage of the quarrel which
now rages among the victors to snatch away the
feast over which they are contending. For my
part, as in the past, so in the future, I shall
pursue what I conceive to be the right, indif-
ferent alike to the allurements of reward or the
terrors of reproach.
And now, Air. Speaker, what are the issues
which are submitted to the country by the
policy of the Executive as declared in his an-
nual message ? Are they new, strange, or sin-
ister, that they should be received with indig-
nation and alarm ? Is it a document bristling
with dangerous dogmas hitherto unheard of in
the administration of the Government? Does
it read like a wide and violent departure from
the teachings of our earlier and happier days?
Sir, it has been assailed in both ends of the
Capitol by the ablest and oldest veterans of the
Republican party, as if every line was leprous
and every word filled with contagionand death.
Indeed, prior to the meeting of Congress, as
the policy of the President was developed in
his treatment of the southern States, we beheld
the indications of an organized conspiracy to
assail him with the masked face of friendship
but with the treacherous sword of Joab. The
insidious kiss that betrays is neither new nor
respectable in strategic warfare ; and men and
parlies have often heretofore made kindly sal-
utation, "How is it with thee, my brother?"
when their poniard's point was seeking a vital
spot under ilie fifth rib.
Wo hoard during all the summer and fall the
murmurs and lnuttcrings of angry dissent, as
each new development of the President's plan
to restore the Government on its ancient foun-
dations, as nearly as now possible, came before
the country. Anil when my friend and colleague,
the Speaker of this body, for whom I entertain
none but feelings of personal kindness, came
to this city as the acknowledged heir-apparent
to the position which he now fills so well, what
was his language to the public? Did he give
the weight of his voice to the Administration ?
His words were carefully studied, and yet it
would be hard to discover from that famous
serenade speech that the Executive had done
anything at, all toward the pacification of the
country. He laid down a policy for Congress,
but as neatly as possible ignored the policy and
even the existence of the President. His posi-
tion was the sign and the forerunner of the cel-
ebrated select committee, created by the magic
wand of the conscience-keeper of the majority,
the able and veteran leader from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevexs]—that potent wand which
has evoked from the vasty deep of political
agitation more spirits of evil and malignant
mischief than generations, I fear, will be able
to exorcise and put down. By this movement
the whole question of restoration, with entire
forgetfuliiess of the labors and achievements of
the Executive, was placed in commission, and
intrusted to the keeping of a board of political
trade at whose head stands one who asserts that
the Union was destroyed by the war, and that
it remains so to this day. By this movement
wo are called upon to transport ourselves back
to the chaotic days of last April, and to take no
note of time or events since then. We are asked
to ravel to pieces all that the President has done
and to commence the knitting process of re-
union for ourselves. The healing principles of
the Constitution are, in my judgment, rapidly
doing the needed work of restoration, and yet
wc are at this stage of the process asked to
break again the once fractured limbs, to tear
agape the half closed wounds, and to cause the
whole land to bleed afresh. Sir, I shall stand
by the physician who is working the cure, as
against that blind and fatal empiricism which
first pronounces the patientdeaci and then com-
mences giving medicine.
Det us indulge ourselvesin a retrospect. Let
us lift ourselves to a position which history will
occupy some generations hence, and theti ask
and answer the question Y, liich is involved in
the issue now made against the President be-
cause of his conduct and his policy. 1 am in
no sense his partisan. I did not support him
for the office which led to his present position.
I dreaded the use he would make of power
when lie attained it. 1 feared the operations
of a character which 1 had heard represented
as strongly tenacious of a sense of personal in-
jury which 1 knew lie had suffered. But since
the day on which ho took the oath of office I
have beheld the public magistrate, not the pri-
vate man. And who ever, in all the tide of
time, became the head of a great nation under
circumstances more appalling to the stoutest
heart and the most commanding intellect than
those which surrounded him? A war whoso
tremendous blows had shaken both hemispheres
had just closed, and night and chaos hovered
over the face of the deep, Battles between
brethren had been fought which dwarf and be-
little the wailike exploit,s of all ages, and which
startled the invisible world b\ the flight of dis-
embodied spirits. The people and the Slates
of the whole country, weaiy, blood-stained, and
almost blind from the fury of the conflict, had
paused upon an agreement to fight no more.
But in that disastrous contest what ancient prin-
ciples of the Government had escaped profana-
tion? Who had stopped to count how much
the object cost for which the wager of battle was
joined? Laws, liberties, and constitutions had
asserted themselves in vain. And I confess
that, as 1 saw the fierce lightning which civil
war engenders strike and shiver agaiu and again
thchousehold gods of fireside libcriy, and blast
almost every sacred fane of American worship,
I had my hours of absolute despair—not de-
spair over the unity of our territorial bound-
aries, but that when those boundaries should
be restored they would embrace nothing but
the dead, cheerless, and cold ashes of the
former bright, and glowing fires of freedom. I
shrank from the contemplation of a ruined Re-
public and a triumphant despotism with more
unfeigned horror than I ever shrank from the
contemplation of death and the grave. And
when the sound of the last cannon died away
on the sorrowful and stricken fields of \ irginia
and the Cauiliuashe who, at the head of affairs,
would breathy into the expiring form of legal
liberty the bieath of life, and by his touch re-
vive and erect again in form and substance the
ancient body of the Republic, although bruised,
maimed, and in parts defaced, and requiring
time to renew its strength—that man, whoever
ho liuty be, and whatever may be liis political
views on other questions, is, in my eyes, the
savior of his country.
Sir, history tells a melancholy story of usur-
pations at such jieriods. They are the oppor-
tunity of tvranfs and mad, impracticable inno-
vators. He who wishes to mount to imperial
power on the ruins of civil liberty, or by a
change in the form of the Government to carry
out schemes of private hate or Utopian spectt-
are many matters of minor detail for which sub-
ordinate officials are mainly responsible, which
I might wish widely different, but I am now
dealing with the main question of restoration.
Upon his first utterance lie gave notice of the
doctrine, then as now, that the American Union
had never been broken, and that its States had.
never ceased to exist. This gave assurance to
the country at one? that he wa^a conservative
and not a destructive, a restorer of an ancient
order of things and not a destroyer in the name,
of progress and reform. How can I fail to sup-'
port him in this position, when my own lan-
guage, March 9, 1864, in the midst of the sound
of arms, was as follows? I quote from a speech
delivered by me in this House:
"The great leader of the Administration on this
floor, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] has deliberately here announced, after all our
sacrifices, sorrows, ami loss, that the Union of our fath-
ers is dead, and that he who attempts its resurrection
lb a criminal instead of a patriot. He goes further,
and admits all the seceded States have everclaimed—
their nationality. They have sought in vain in all the
lour quarters oi the earth toriecognition. They find
it at last at the hands of those who speak for the Ad-
ministration on this floor.
"Sir, J deny this doctrine. I plant myself on the
Constitution, which recognizes an unbroken Union.
I shall stand therein every vicissitude of fortune, and
if X fall it will be when the people themselves aban-
don their own Constitution. By the principles of this
mighty instrument X expect finally a restoration of
the union of the States. Every hour which the party
in power prolongs its control of aflairs postpones the
auspicious day; but as I behold the future it will as-
suredly come. Material and indestruetiblo interests
unite every section except that which prospers on fa-
naticism. And I here to-day, in the spirit of one who
expects and desires his posterity and theirs to live
together m the ancient and honorable friendship of
their fathers, warn the southern people not to look
lonvard to .separation and independence, but to cm -
bmcc every opportunity for cooperation with the con-
sent ativo men of the North, who will aid with their
lives, if need be. to secure them all their rights and
institutions as free and oqual citizens of the United
States."
This doctiinc is the chief corner-stone of tho
message, and has invited the attack of theoreti-
cal reform, but practical disunion. Shall I stop
at this day and hour of American history to dis-
cuss the right or power of a State to secede? I
never entertained such a principle, nor did even
many of the prin cipal leaders of the late attempt
to establish the confederacy of the South. Tliey
asserted tho right of revolution and used the
organizations of State governments in aid of
that movement. But who now requires an ar-
gument on this point? Do we not all under-
stand and know that this theory of dead States
is now proclaimed simply because its adoption
would give better scope to ulterior designs of
vengeance and revolutionary destruction? It
is true that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Steven's] has been consistent in his devo-
tion to it when he stood almost if not quite
alone; but that simply proves that he could,
foresee at a greater distance than his fellow-
laborers the means which would be required
to accomplish their party ends when the war
ceased. Ho knows that " dead carcasses," in
his own striking language, are more easily
carved to pieces, torn limb from limb, and de-
voured by the hungry maw of confiscation than
living States. The dead can make no protest
when the mutilating knife is applied. Certain
beasts of prey, we are told, prefer to find their
quarry ready' slain, in order to feast iipon it in
comfort and repose. And so the radical party
of tho country would find it easier far to make
its unnatural banquet on the rights, privileges,
laws, liberties, and property of' the South by
declaring at once that there is no living polit-
ical community in all that wide region to ex-
claim against the enormity. Its reasoning on
this point is that it is safer and less troublesome
to rob a corpse than it is to pick the pockets of
the living. This is the highwayman's doctrine
of convenience, introduced here now as a party
platform. It is more and worse. It is an asser-
tior 'hat the American Union itself is dead.
