1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3135
breeds and mixed-bloods of* the Winnebago
tribe of Indians, reported it with amendments.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 127) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
two thirds of the House voting therefor.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 3U5) granting the right of way to
ditch and canal owners over the public lands in
the States of California, Oregon, and Nevada.
UNPOLLED DILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill {S. No. 328) for the relief of Mis.
Abigail Ryan; and |i
A joint, resolution (S. It. No. 51) respecting !
bounties to colored soldiers, and the pensions,
bounties, and allowances to their lieirs.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before j
the Senate the following message from the i
President of the United States: I
To the, Senate and House of Representatives : \
I communicate, and invite the attention of
Congress to, a copy of joint resolutions of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the
State of Georgia, requesting a suspension of j
the collection of the internal revenue tax due
from that State pursuant to the act of Congress
of the 5th of August, lStil.
' ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 11, 18GU.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
It is proper that I should inform Congress
that a copy of on act of the Legislature of
Georgia of the 10th of March last lias been
officially communicated to me. by which that
State accepts the donation of lands for the
benefit of colleges for agriculture and mechanic
arts, which donation was provided for by the
acts of Congress of the 2d of July, 18C2, and
14th April. 1804.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 11, 18GC,.
The message was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
HOUSE DILLS REl'ERLED.
The bill (II. R. No. ."•>■>) granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over the pub-
lic lands in the States of California, Oregon,
and Nevada, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (TT. It. No. to authorize the
extension, construction, and use by the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company of a rail-
road from between Knoxville and the Monoc-
acy Junction into and within the District of
Columbia, and the bill (H. It. No. 615) legal-
izing marriages, and for other purposes, in the
District of Columbia, were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
FUNDING THE NATIONAL DEM'.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 300; one of the members of the
Committee on Finance desires to make some
remarks upon it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 300) to re-
duce the rate of interest on the national debt,
and for funding the same.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I propose to say a
few words upon this bill, and particularly upon
the third section, to which I have prepared an
amendment that I desire to offer.
In order to simplify the remarks I am
about to submit, and to make the calculations
they must necessarily contain more readily
comprehended, I shall assume that the amount
of debt to be provided for is $3,000,000,000,
and now bears a uniform rate of interest at six
per cent., so that the proposed reduction to
five per cent, would effect an annual saving of
§80,000,000, the sum named in the third sec-
tion of the bill before us.
There cannot, I presume, be any difference
of opinion among Senators as to the propriety
of making this reduction, if it is in our power
to effect it with due regard to other national
interests; especially if it is true, as has been
stated, that the application of this annual sav-
ing to the reduction of the debt, will discharge
the whole in about thirty-six years. This prop-
osition, however, is not true, under the provis-
ions of the bill as it now stands, as it is evident
that $30,000,000 paid annually for thirty-six
years on the principal of the debt, would effect
a reduction of only $1,080,000,000 at the end
of the period.
It is true, nevertheless, that the annual pay-
ment of a sum equal to the interest for the first
year, together with the proposed annual thirty
millions, will extinguish both principal and
interest in a little more than the time named.
The interest must, in any event, be paid while
the debt continues, and it results that if the
proposed saving of interest can be effected, the
debt, will lie extinguished by the payment- for
thirty-seven years of a sum only equal to what
I have assumed to lie its present annual inter-
est. If this is so—and it can be demonstrated
that it is—it becomes a most important and in-
teresting inquiry whether the requisite amount
of the proposed five per cent, bonds can be
negotiated at par, as required by the bill and
the conditions of the problem, as fast as the
proceeds will be required to pay off the bonds
now outstanding. On this point, although I
have given the subject much consideration, my
mind is not free from doubt. I propose, there-
fore, to consider the inducements presented
by the bill to those disposed to invest in Gov-
ernment securities, and to inquire whether our
ability to fulfill them authorizes us to proffer
them.
I do not suppose that the proposed loan can
be populari/.ed, as was the case with some of
the existing loans. It does not present to
those of small means equal advantages in the
way of profit. 'The high character of the se-
curity offered will hardly insure it a preference
with tliem over other modes of investment in
which tlioy have confidence, in many cases
from personal knowledge. It will not draw
money from the savings banks conducted under
their own eyes, usually allowing an interest of
six per cent. The present bonds, with their
interest coupons which would bo paid on pre-
sentation by the nearest bank, and generally by
the nearest merchant, had at first the charm
of novelty, as well as of great convenience, in
sections remote from the commercial centers.
But the novelty has worn off, and the knowl-
edge that it is somewhat perilous to hold these
billets payable through a long series of years,
and which if lost or stolen cannot be recovered
if they come into the hands of an innocent
holder who has paid value for them, has, in
consequence, partly of the recent thefts of such
securities, been pretty widely disseminated.
And further, the occasion for the exercise of
that patriotism which at a gloomy period in
our national affairs hastened to place its little
all at the disposal of the Government, has hap-
pily and I trust forever passed away.
Again, Mr. President, the rate of interest
proposed by the bill is lower than that to which
the mass of our people are accustomed. In
some of the western States as high as ten per
cent, per annum may be legally paid and re-
ceived, if previously agreed upon, and efforts
are constantly making in other States to repeal
the usury laws, not. of course, in order to re-
duce, but to permit an increase of, the rate of
interest. It is true that on Wall street the rate
of interest is sometimes regulated by the char-
acter of the security; but this has very little
effect in the younger States, where the capital
afloat is disproportioned to the business enter-
prise everywhere manifested ; where property
is always increasing in value, and where, gen-
erally, the security is more readily found than
the money, in short, Mr. President, it may
be confidently asserted that almost everywhere
throughout the country the use of money is
absolutely worth considerably more than five
per cent, per annum. I offer this fact, for such
i believe it to be, to the Senator from Ohio as
a satisfactory explanation of what he seemed
inclined to think a reflection on our country,
namely, that our Government cannot negotiate
its loans as cheaply as those of Europe. It
should rather be considered, in view of the fact
that so large a proportion of the profits of every
year become fixed instead of active capital in
the next, an evidence of the enterprise of our
people and the high degree of prosperity they
have attained.
But, sir, I presume the friends of this meas-
ure hardly expect that any considerable portion
of this loan will be taken by the classes to whom
I have alluded. It is, therefore, necessary to
inquire whether the loan proposed by the bill
before us presents such inducements to capi-
talists and investors as will insure its being
taken by them at par, the Secretary being for-
bidden to negotiate any of the bonds at less
than their face.
The first observable feature in which this
differs from former loans is, that it is not re-
deemable at the pleasure of the Government
after five or ton years, but is absolutely irre-
deemable for thirty years, or for whatever pe-
riod it is originally issued. It may be a new
idea to our friends in neighborhoods remote
from the stock exchanges that the value of a
bond is enhanced by postponing its time of
payment, if the security is satisfactory; but
there are doubtless among them some holders
of live-twenties and seven-thirties who will
soon experience the inconvenience of ex-
changing securities with which they are satis-
fied and probably more than satisfied for oth-
ers they may not deem equally advantageous,
or at all events of seeking new investments of
their funds. They will thus practically learn
why those whose object is permanent and safe
investment, prefer the longer loans, and will,
perhaps, cease to be surprised when they see
the sixes of '81 quoted at some seven per cent,
above the five-twenties.
I can see no objection to the thirty years
proposed as a maximum in the present case.
A five per cent, bond is not likely to remain
so far above par as to prevent its purchase at
suitable opportunities with the funds provided
for the redemption of the debt. Such oppor-
tunities will frequently be afforded by the in-
evitable fluctuations of the money market, and
it by no means impugns the credit of the Gov-
ernment, to say that there will be periods when
these live per cent, bonds can be purchased
even below par. It is not long since the seven-
thirties, with their very high rate of interest,
were below par in currency. Previous to the
war, when the Government made loans,_ its
ability to redeem them within a very short time
appeared so certain that it was only wisdom to
leserve the right to pay them oft at an early
day. But circumstances are now very differ-
ent. The most sanguine cannot _ expect that
our heavy debt can, in any possible contin-
gency, be wholly extinguished within the time
limited for the redemption of these bonds, and
I think there will be no difficulty in purchasing
in the market on fair terms, probably at par
or under, an amount of the bonds equal to the
comparatively small sum we can annually ap-
propriate for their redemption. I do not with
the Senator from Ohio anticipate that the
"good time coming'' which he promises, when
we can negotiate a four per cent, loan, will
reach us within a generation. On the contrary,
I entertain the opinion, although perhaps I
