2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
constrained to vote against this reconsideration,
and as the reasons which impel me to that
course are somewhat different in degree, if not
in kind, from those which have been advanced
by other Senators upon this floor, I beg the
indulgence of the Senate for a very few mo-
ments while I state them.
The principal objection which induces me to
oppose the admission of this Territory at this
time, and to oppose it in spite of the personal
respect and esteem which I feel for the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who would otherwise
represent her in this body, is found in the
nature of the constitution itself which she has
presented, rather than in the irregularity with
which it has been adopted or in the want of a
sufficient population to entitle her to admis-
sion ; and I presume that nobody will suppose
that I misrepresent Vermont on this question
when I say that it grows out of this much dis-
cussed word, "white."
In my own State from its foundation, when
it was an independent State for many years,
not a member of the Union, its constitution
from the beginning to this day lias adhered to
what I understand to be the principles of the
Declaration of Independence thoroughly. It
has tolerated no distinctions between human
rights of one race and another, or of one color
and another, or of one sect and another. While
my State, as all other States do, recognizes
distinctions among men, while it acknowledges
the paramount right and the paramount duty
of a majority of the whole people to determine
what are tho true qualifications of electors, it
discards the dogma of delusion and of wrong
which declares that these qualifications and
distinctions are to rest upon unreal and acci-
dental foundations. Its laws always have, as
the laws of all States do, provided that luna-
tics, 11011 compotes, criminals, and a variety of
classes of persons upon whom the law under
similar circumstances operates equally every-
where, are not entitled to exercise a voice in
the government of the State.
Now, sir, in tho case we have before us, in-
dependent of the question what are State rights,
independent of tho propriety of anything in
the constitution of any State which already
exists, we are called upon, in Die exercise of
a constitutional power, to decide as a matter
of propriety for which we are responsible, what
is lit and necessary to be contained in the con-
stitutionof afitatewhicli wo are about to admit.
Wo have entire power over the subject. It
appeals to our sense of justice and to our duty
to the country, it appeals to that sense of jus-
tice and to that duty in the lessons we have
derived from tho past and the hopes which we
have for the f'ut uro. I am not to be told, for one,
that the rejection of a constitution because it
imposes the qualification of color upon its elect-
ors is a tiling that lias never been done before.
Ah the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
said tho other day, when is the time to begin
if it is not now? In all preceding time the
condition of the country, the rights of States,
the situation of tho people were different. We
have reached the culminating point where the
bitter fruits of errors of years ago have been
reaped in a large degree, and where now, turn-
ing our faces once more toward the arts of
peace and the hopes of prosperity and of equal-
ity, and fraternity too, 1 should hope, we are to
begin a new era. There is, therefore, eminent
fitness according to the spirit of the times,
there is great appropriateness that now when
we have the first opportunity after what has
passed wo should put ourselves right upon the
fundamental principles of government; and
accordingly there have been in this spirit intro-
duced already in these enabling acts qualifica-
tions and requirements which were never intro-
duced before. It has not been usual, accord-
ing to my recollection, to insert in these en-
abling acts that " the constitution when formed
shall bo republican and not repugnant to the
Constitution of the United Statesand tho prin-
ciples of the Declaration of Independence."
That ancient charter of our liberties has again
been referred to, and among its principles I
believe is the cardinal one, which has been
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts, of
the equality of man, and that further principle
which has been stated by him, which that
instrument emphatically declares, that the obli-
gation and the right of those who govern is
derived from those who are governed.
Now, there is offered to us a constitution
which contains in it the fundamental declara-
tion that the obligation to obey law, the potoer
of those who are to exercise law, does not de-
pend upon the consent of some portion of the
governed at all; but that by reason of the acci-
dent of the color of a man's skin or of his race,
of origin, independent of color—because I take
it the word '' white'' in this constitution means
white as a race distinguished from the negro
race—a portion of the people are to be ex-
cluded from participation in the government.
We are called upon under this constitution, I
say, to declare, if we approve it and submit it
to this people, that a provision, fundamental in
its nature, in this constitution of that descrip-
tion is correct. I cannot-consent to the doe-
trine. If I rightly understand the theory of
the formation of government, it is that consti-
tutions are formed (aside from the mere frame-
work and machinery of government) for the
protection of private rights and the fundamen-
tal rights of minorities and individuals against
the powers of majorities, against the exercise
of arbitrary power or of tyranny on the part of
the Government.
Now, sir, what is there so sacred, what is
there so fundamental in the right of tho white
men to rule the black, that the white men can-
not be trusted with the power of wielding it by
a majority? What is there in the nature of
this question which makes it our duty to say
to the people of Colorado, " We will not trust
a majority of your voters to repeal the clause,
but we will allow you to put it in your funda-
mental law so that the free will of your major-
ity can never get it out?" 1 fail to see what
there is so sacred in this right of white suf-
frage and in tho duty of the absence of suf-
frage on the part of the black man, as to
require it to bo inserted in the fundamental
law of the Government.
You will find, sir, and Senators will find, that
this constitution contains the usual clause that
two thirds of the Legislature are requisite to
amend it in any particular. It is not, there-
fore, as I said before, the question whether it
is right or fit that a State should decide for
itself who or what portion of its citizens should
vote, but it is the fundamental question whether
wo will allow a Territory over which we have
control to impose upon itself an obligation
which it cannot recede from, to exclude from
any of the political rights of government any
class of its citizens. That is tho question. I
do not know but that if this were left, as tho
original enabling act left it, to tho people of
that Territory to declare of themselves when
and under what circumstances the colored race
should bo clothed with political rights, I should
not be satisfied. I should then have preferred
indeed that we should have some voice in the
matter; but I fail to perceive how we can be
appealed to to give to these people a constitu-
tion which ties up their own hands from doing
what every one of my political brethren says
is an act of justice.
What is there so sacred in this thing that
this same constitution does not require the
Legislature, by two thirds of its members, to
allow any other class of citizens to vote? Is it
not -the subject of ordinary legislation to de-
clare who shall vote and under what circum-
stances ? And if so, why is it necessary to
insert in a constitution which cannot be con-
trolled by a majority of white men, that tho
mere accident of race or color shall be a fun-
damental objection to any allowance on the
part of the whites to the blacks of the right
to vote?
Mr. President, it appears to me, without en-
larging upon this topic, that the aristocracy of
class, the aristocracy of caste, is as bad as the
aristocracy of kings. It is the same evil, anti-
democratic spirit precisely as that which ani-
mates the aristocracies that govern the mon-
archies of the Old World, only the form of the
aristocracy is developed in a different way.
For myself, I am a Democrat in the thorough
sense of the term, as I understand it. I
■believe in the political equality of all men. I
believe in the sacredness of the private rights
of all men. And yet I am asked as a-political
friend of these gentlemen, as one having an
ardent political desire that my party as it rep-
resents, as we suppose, the hopes of the coun-
try, should succeed—I am asked to deny my
principles in order to achieve a temporary suc-
cess. Sir, I cannot deny, I cannot turn my
back to those principles which are cardinal and
essential for the sake of any temporary suc-
cess. A success of that description, in my
judgment, is one not worth winning upon mere
grounds of policy. It is one which no man who
is convinced as I am of the cardinal error in
this constitution can possibly be influenced by.
But where is tlie harm, Mr. President, to
put it upon mere grounds of temporary pol-
icy? Are not these people still in the Terri-
tory? Can we not send this constitution back
to them and say, "Try your hand at it again;
rcconsider your reconsideration once more;
see if you cannot trust yourselves by a major-
ity to declare whether you will allow negroes
to vote or not? Have you not confidence
enough in yourselves to leave it out of your
constitution and not to tie yourselves up for-
evermore to a principle of this description?"
And then, on the first Monday of December,
if a majority of that people are still desirous <
of being represented in this body, can they not
present themselves to us with a constitution to
which no objection can be made, which sets
no bad precedent in morals or in fundamental
right that will come to plague us by and by
when we apply necessary legislation to other
portions of the country? And will these peo-
ple have been harmed? The tyranny of taxa-
tion without representation, if it be a tyranny,
will not then have lasted long. I see no diffi-
culty in that course, and without occupying
the time of the Senate in dilating upon these
questions, I say therefore it is that I feel com-
pelled for one, representing in part, as I do, a
State whose sentiments on that subject have
never been mistaken; I feel compelled, against
my sense of what I should desire to do person-
ally for the respectable gentlemen who come
here; in spite of my wishes to accede to the
desires of that young and growing population,
I feel compelled by a sense of duty which can-
not be put aside by temporary considerations
to vote against this reconsideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President. I cannot
for'bear returning my thanks to the Senator
from Vermont for the noble utterance that we
have heard from him. He has reminded you
of the true principle on which you are to pass.
He has held np before you the dignity of the
occasion, and has rallied "this Senate to its
duty. I thank him, sir. His speech ought to
produce an effect on his associates in this
Chamber. It ought to remind them that there
is a truth which cannot be put aside for any
temporary expediency. I am grateful to the
Senator for the speech he has made. I think
the Senate will do well to sleep upon it
to-night, to reflect upon it, and when they
come hero to-morrow to do their duty in main-
taining those principles which he has so clearly
advocated. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. ["No," "No."]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. Mr. President, when
this question was before the Senate on a
former occasion I voted against the admission
of Colorado as a State, and were it not that
I to-day propose to change my vote I should
not trespass on the time of the Senate, at so
late a period of the discussion, to make any
remarks whatever touching the issue now pre-
sented by the motion for reconsideration.
The difficulty in my mind, and which in-
duced my vote in the negative on the occasion
to which I have just alluded, was not any of
