4096
THE OOMGEESSiOl^AL GLOBE.
July 24,
kept in certain places-, and the possession o£"
those stamps in any other \vay than that pro-
vided by law, ought to demand some explana-
tion. .
Mr. ELDRIDGE/ A person may be put in
possession without guilty knowledge.
Mr. WILSON),of Iowa. He does not come
within the operation of this bill. I wish to say,
Mr. Speaker, that'this bill has been carefully
prepared by the- law officers of the Treasury
Department, It was sent to the committee irt
a draft prepared in the Department. They
have found a good deal of difficulty in enfor-
cing the law in regard to the securities of tlie
United States and the subjects connected there-
with ; and they are anxious this bill should be
passed to cure the defects in the existing law.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to move an amendment in refer-
ence to tho forgery of records of courts of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am not prepared
to accept that. I think when we are preparing
a penal law it should be done with caution, and
I am not prepared to say what will be the effect
of the proposed amendment. The gentleman
from Rhode Island has suggested this matter
before. Now, let him prepare a bill and pre-
sent it to us, and I have no doubt it will pass
if it be all right.
Mr. JENCKES. Let me move the amend-
ment. It is remarkable that the records of our
courts can be forged, and there is no power to
punish the forgery.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As I have already
said, I am not prepared at this time to accept
the amendment. We ought to examine it and
know its effect.
_Mr. LB BLOND. Let this bill be recom-
mitted. There is doubt on this side of the
House as to the language of one or two sec-
tions. If the bill does not provide that there
shall be a criminal intent, as I understand from
the chairman it does not, then that should be
provided. _ Suppose a party is put clandestinely
in possession of a die ?
Mr._ WILSON, of Iowa. The possession of
tho die raises the presumption of guilt. In
explanation the party may give in evidence
the circumstances, and so relieve himself of
guilty intent.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman fails to
answer my point. He is to be presumed to be
guilty, and yet has not tho means to prove his
innocence. Itwasput there without his knowl-
edge. In that way a bad man could ruin a
good man.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill in rela-
tion to the possession of dies and stamps makes
no change whatever in the existing law. I in-
sist on the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 25, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter Benjamin, Bidwell,
Boutwell Bromwcll, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke,
fcidnoy Clarke, Cobb; Conkling, Davis, Dawes, De-
crees, Dixon, Donnelly, Driges, Eckloy, Bggleston
Eliot, 1' arnsworth, f arquhar Ferry, Garfield, Abner
C. Hauling, Ilart Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotoh-
kiss Chester 1). Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hol-
burd, Ingersoll, Kasson, Ivelley, Keteham, ICoontz,
Kuykendall, Laflm, George V. Lawrence, William
.Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marston, McRuer, Mereur
Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Mvers!
Newell,. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants,
Price. Raymond, Alexander H. Rioe, Rollins, Saw-
t7A « O ~ 1 ,1 C1T _ 1   f1 , *!• r-. .
worth, Whalcy, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Wmdojn, Wmfield, and Woodbridge—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Eldridge,
imek, Glossbrenner, Hogan, Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr,
Latham, Le BJond. McCulloch, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Kittei, Shanklin, Sitgrea.ves, Strouso. Taber, Taylor,
faornton, Trimble, Ward, and Wright—25.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Delos II. Ashley, James M.
Ashltey, Baldwin, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee.Baokland, Btfndy, Chanler, Cook^Gullom,
Culver, Darling, Dawson, Delano, Deming, Denison,
Dodge, Dumoht, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Aaron; Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hender-
son, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubliell, James R. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Jones, Julian, Kelso,- I-ongyear, Marshall, Marvin,
MeClurg, Melndoe, McKee, Noell, Patterson. Phelps,
Pomeroy, ltadford, Samuel J. Randall, William H.
Randall, John H. Rice. Rogers, Ross, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, Franois Thomas, Upson, War-
ner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, and Williams—67.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mi\ LOAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
McGLuimj, was detained from the House by
reason of sickness.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
habeas corpus."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported backHouse bill No.
775, amendatory of an act to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus,
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved May 11,18G6, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever in any suit or prosecution which has been
or may be commenced in any State court, and
which the defendant is authorized to have re-
moved from said court to the circuit court of
the United Stales, under and by virtue of the
provisions of an act relating to habeas cor-
pus and regulating-judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases, approved March 3, 1803, or by
virtue of an act amendatory thereof, approved
May 11, I860, and all the acts necessary for
the removal of said cause to the circuit court
shall have been performed, and the defendant
in any suit shall be in actual custody on pro-
cess issued by said State court, it shall be the
duty of the clerk of the said circuit court of
the United States to issue a writ of habeas cor-
pus cum causa; and it shall be the duty of the
marshal, by virtue of the said writ of habeas
corpus, to take the body of the defendant into
his custody to be dealt with in said circuit court
according to rules of law and the orders of the
said court or of any judge thereof in vacation ;
and he shall file a duplicate copy of said writ
of habeas corpus with the clerk of the State
court in which said suit was commenced, or
deliver said duplicate to the clerk of said court,
and all attachments made and all bail and other
security given in any suit or prosecution which
has been or shall* be removed from any State
court to the circuit court of the United States
in pursuance of law shall be and continue in
like force and effect as if the same suit had
proceeded to final judgment and execution in
the State court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill is ren-
dered necessary by a defect in the former act,
which provides no means for removing the per-
son of a defendant whose cause has been re-
moved from the State court to the jurisdic-
tion of the United States courts. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the ihotion to reconsider upon tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the hanking bill.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. ■ I move that the rules be
suspended and that1 the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the WhcSle on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being the bill (H.
R. No. 791) to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for other
purposes.
The pending question was the motion of Mr.
Delano to strike out the following paragraph:
To pay Roy Stone, of Pennsylvania, for certain
buildings owned by him in Memphis, Tennessee, and
which were taken possession of, used, oecupied, and
destroyed by and for the benefit of the forces of the
United States, the sum of $12,000: Provided, That it
shall first be shown to the satisfaction of tho Secre-
tary of War that said buildings were of the value of
$12,000, and were the property of said Stone: And
provided further. That this sum shall be in full satis-
faction for all claims on account of said property
against the United States.
On the pending motion Mr. Scomelb was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Dejaxo.] I happen to know this Gen-
eral Stone, and the circumstances under which
the indebtedness of the United States to him
originated. When the war broke out he was a
resident of my district. He was a large manu-
facturer of lumber which he sold at Memphis,
Tennessee. For purposes connected with his
business there he had purchased some build-
ings upon the banks of the river. Just at the
time the war broke out he had in the city of
Memphis a large amount of lumber.in the yard
for sale. He left his business at home and his
business at Memphis in the care of an agent,
raised a company which he uniformed and
equipped at his own personal expense, made
some boats or skiffs, put his company on board
of them, started down the Alleghany river
and was mustered at Pittsburg in the United
States service. That company went into the
celebrated regiment called the Bucktails, of
Pennsylvania, probably the most celebrated of
any in our State.
From being a captain of the company which
he himself raised he rose to the command of
the regiment, and led it through many battles
in the Peninsular campaign. He then came
back to Pennsylvania and raised a brigade,
and was made a brigadier general, and was
put in command of the brigade known as the
"Bucktail" brigade. He then went again to
the war. He continued in the service until
the war ended, and then he came home, hav-
ing been in all the battles in which the Buck-
tail brigade was engaged, and that brigade was
engaged in the McClellan campaign, was at
Gettysburg when Pennsylvania was invaded,
and in the battles of the Wilderness under
Grant. He came back with a person maimed
and a constitution shattered by the accidents
of the service, to find that his fortune which,
when he entered the service, was considerable,
was worse shattered than his person. During
the first months of the war the rebels seized a
large and valuable lumber-yard belonging to
him at Memphis and converted it to their own
use. I am told by him that the value of it was
about forty thousand dollars. Then his mill
up in my district, on the Alleghany river, was
accidentally destroyed by fire.
_ When the United States forces took posses
sion of Memphis, they took his buildings, which
