1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
In a foreign war, without that proper national
independence which is our birthright.commerce
vexed, skilled labor dispersed, great establish-
ments required to be built, and capital timid,
our ruin would be effected. Therefore, I hold a
prospered, diversified industry as placing proud
and unfriendly nations under a eheapcr and
not less salutary restraint than the presence of
a. mighty army and navy. The historian of
Napoleon illustrated this philosophy thus:
"Protection, the industrial creation of Napo-
leon, was the most precious and principal cause
of his conquests," a policy which is now ap-
proved by the Emperor of Russia.
5. Free trade renders the agriculturist de-
pendentonan uncertain, fluctuating, anddistant
market; uncertain and fluctuating tor the reason
that the costs of carriage are subject to slight
variations, while a surplus of heavy products
near the consumers renders those distant of no
value. In illustration of this position the maker
of cutlery at Sheffield or a French shoemaker
cannot afford to accept of the gift of a cargo
of corn at Chicago or of a load of wheat fifty
miles from a railroad in Iowa. A dependence
on this distant market would add to the dis-
ability of farmers by exchanging gross products
at a heavy cost of transportation with the pro-
ducer of concentrated values in skilled labor
costing but a small per cent, of the value to
reach a market. Hence, in all the northern
States good land beyond the suburbs of cities
is valued according to its proximity to a high
market, and save for grazing, that market is
only attractive where there is a dense popula-
tion, a condition which is not possible where
agriculture is the chief occupation.
0. It would arrest immigration. What is
the basis for the prediction that half a million
people from the crowded States of the Old
World will the present year make a home with
us but this, that we pay higher wages than in
Europe, and that our lands are attractive be-
cause their products find a near and ready mar-
ket? Open the ports free lo foreign goods, ami
the cheaper interest for money and the long-
fostered manufacturing establishments of the
Old World would put out the liies at our forges
and close nine tenths of our cotton and woolen
mills, as the latter were closed not long since
when not a yard of broadcloth was made. Col-
ossal wealth and foreign combinations would
so far prostrate our mechanical interests that
operatives would be compelled lo return to the
old country or enter into competition with the
farmers, which would glut the market, and be-
cause of the great distance from the consumer
render well nigh \alueless the farmer's pro-
ducts. Shall \\e turn back the ship-loads of
sturdy adventurers and laborers, depiiving the
nation of the coin, to the value of millions of
dollars, which they will circulate? Will we push
our great national railway to the gold mines and
the Pacific? Shall we invite to our new States
population which is wealth, and a development
of our mines; the increase of our lake and river
commerce; the multiplication of our animal
races, and the building up of cities and towns,
furnishing the best markets for gross products,
which never can have a permanent establish-
ment in a simply agricultural community except
at the gate of commerce? Can we afford to
accede to the wishes of our enemies across
the ocean, remaining exporters of heavy cereal
products to receive only concentrated values,
when by our homes we have skilled artisans,
abundant moth e power, raw staples, cheap food,
and every motive in nature to establish our
fiscal independence? 1 submit that it is wiser
now to oiler a premium lo immigration than to
adopt a policy which involves a dispersion of
population, adding to our fieight bills those
made by the commerce of the ocean, and a
multiplication of agents in our exchanges
unproductive as keepers of toll-gates. In the
indu-'tiial contest we have but to cultivate our
Oi.'n and attract millions to our shores ready to
share our burdens and join in an intelligent
purpose to secure a public policy, at once un-
wavering in character, uniform, and just to all
interests.
additional protection to wool.
In establishing the reciprocity treaty and
tariff policy, it will become the duty of Congress
to offer proper protection to wool. The Lord
Chancellor of England has for centuries pre-
sided in the House of Lords sitting on a wool-
sack, a seat without back or arms, being a sym-
bolical tradition of the importance which that
nation has always attached to the wool product.
Marshall, the eminent writer and agriculturist
of the last century, embodied the sentiment in
the remark, " As an object of national attention
the eoat of the sheep is of the first importance,
and every willful attempt to supplant or debar
it is an act of treason against the State." Our
country has adopted another policy in a seem-
ing exhibition of the spirit of the eccentric John
Randolph, founded on the remark attributed to
him, yet never uttered, that "he would go a
mile to kick a sheep." True, that eminent
writer and faithful friend of the flock, Henry
S. Randall, LL. D., gave to the southern States
a volume in counsel of which they were not
worthy in behalf of sheep husbandry and labor.
It did not turn them to the enriching of their
lands, the diversioning of their industry, and to
the emancipation of a race, and the blind homage
paid to King Cotton was followed by rebellion.
From fallen royalty the public mind has been
turned to a prince worthy to reign, by the sug-
gestions of western economists, that "the fleece
was the best concentrated product for a distant
market, and by the observation of a rural Now
Yorker in Congress that the Hock made surer
the wheat harvest; not forgetting the honor-
able chairman of the Committee'of Ways and
Means, [Air. Morrill,] who cannot forget the
sweet grasses of the mountain pastures, and the
Vermont meiinos, surpassingal! the royal flocks
of Europe, and the gentleman who gave good
evidence of sound American ideas by arousing
fhe ire of the London Times in 18(1], we can
confidently hope will not forget what is due to
a neglected interest now.
I would institute no comparison of the do-
mestic animals. The horse and the bullock
hold a high place among the animal races.
Swine, though once prohibited as an article of
food for man and deemed fit in a herd, after
the spirit of Satan had entered them, to bo
drowned hi the sea, have their admirers. And
dogs, which no free trader in this Congress pro-
poses to tax. have, in their worthlessness to
the'number of four millions, immunity from
assessment, eating out the nation's substance
annually to the amount, of foO,000,000; and
these, with unleashed license, though indul-
ging their appetite for mutton at a cost of mil-
lions of dollars annually, have their admirers
and defenders. 1 would venture more than
a passing uoid for the animal " behaving well
under all circumstances." Two centuries ago
it was the remark of a .statesman, "Wool'is
the flower and strength, the revenue and blood,
of England." A study of the policies and in-
dustries of that country up to the era of the
American cotton-gin confirms that opinion ;
and to-day the golden-hoofed animal, whether
regarded as scavenger and gleaner on the hill-
sides or fertilizer in wastes and fields, pro-
ducer of food or material for comfortable
clothing, employment in the mill—a staple
which diversifies trade and spreads the sails of
commerce—is not appreciated" as when the
| Roman, Augustus, was possessed of a flock of
I two hundred thousand by will, and atthe remote
j period when Creek shepherds moistened t.ho
| growing fleece with oil and wine, or during the
! period when England forbid the exportation
i of sheep, and the two hundred years she has
I denied the exportation of wool.
| Great Britain has now one sheep to each
! acre, exclusive of mountain and forest, and
i the annual product of her woolens is hundreds
; of millions of dollais. Australia, where Eng-
! lish policy and enterprise obtain, grew thirty
| years ago 0,000,000 pounds of wool, and has
| now 80,000,000 pounds.
! France, with an area not larger than four of
' our noihwc'jterii prairie Suites, with a crowded
population. fok.L ten million mure shei-p then
all the United States ; which, instead of hav-
ing, like France, one sheep to the acre, has
a hundred acres of pasturage for every sheep.
During the last four years we imported
250,000,000 pounds of wool and woolens,
to the value of $133,000,000, making a grand
total of $225,000,000 worth in our currency.
I know these figures are startling, but they
do not convey the whole truth, since false
invoices have lessened the total. "Who can
doubt the wisdom of that policy of European
nations which has regarded wool as the " flower
and strength, the revenue and the blood?"
It is unquestioned ; related to enriched lands,
cheap and palatable food, increased products
of manufacturing industry, rural contentment,
constant employment without drudgery, re-
muneration to the maimed soldier and the na-
tion's orphans, a scope for maturity of judg-
ment, profitable pastime for the shepherd in
life's evening, and a scope for {esthetic culture
which has worthily enlisted the time and ben-
efactors of princes and noblemen for centuries.
We ask nothing for an exotic. Our latitudes,
grasses, conformations, and limpid springs ren-
der this country quite as natural a home for the
sheep as the pastures fed by the flocks of Laban,
or the shepherd kings of the East. Gentler
than the caressing child, undegenerate by mi-
gration, scarcely decimated in numbers by the
vicissitudes of war, and so yielding to scientific
care that the breeder may make his ideal form of
beauty and then give it existence. Thus trans-
ferred from tropical heat to a country of frost
and snow, additional care and scientific breed-
ing have given us animals models of beauty,
added to the softness and strength of the fleece,
and raised it from an annual clip of one and a
half pounds to four pounds, greatly improving
the form, invigorating the constitution, adding
to longevity and cooperating with nature in en-
veloping the animal with a suitable protection
against the rigors of a northern winter. With
a mockery of protection under the frown of the
South, and subject, to a policy changeable as
parties, the American merino has attained a
perfection never reached in the vales of the
Orient under the shadow of Lebanon, nor with
the care of Spanish shepherds or the patronage
of princes and nobles in continental Europe.
At the great international fair, held at Hamburg
two years since, where three hundred and fifty
entries of sheep were made contending for pre-
miums, Vermont merino sheep boro off the first
two and second premiums. The same success
is anticipated at the World's Fair about to be
field at Paris. These twelve animals on exhi-
bition were sold to a Silesian count for $5,000,
yet not a larger sum than enterprising flock-
masters now .pay for a single animal.
Shall this superiority be maintained, and the
noble blood be spread until our country as far
surpasses other nations in the number of its
flocks as it does now in excellence, or must
this great interest be depressed, our flocks re
dueed by the emigration of the young shep-
herds to South America, where sheep-walks
have but a nominal value and there is immu-
nity from school taxes and excise duties? Or
will we hold our vantage position until the
flock shall be found in the foreground of every
rural scene of beauty, and in the march of em-
pire that vast pasture ground between the Sierra
Nevada and the Rocky mountains, stretching
from Mexico to fhe British possessions, and
one thousand miles in width, be white and
peopled as the hill-sides of Vermont? This
Co ngress in the adjustment of a reciprocity
treaty and tariff will answer.
Here is the plea in figures which .exhibits
at once our suicidal reliance upon foreign
countries and a just claim for protection.
Taking the prices of the products and articles
consumed in the great market of the Northwest
in November, I860, and November, 1805, on a
gold basis, thus enumerated—wheat, corn, oats,
barley, mess beef, mess pork, lard, beef cattle,
live hogs, cheese, broom corn, sorghum, and
butter, and they were sixty-seven per cent,
irglier. *■
Taking six examples of articles made from
