3136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
have not sufficiently investigated the subject
to warrant me in giving it expression, that the
rate of interest or value of money is gradually
but steadily rising on the other side of the
water, and this notwithstanding the immensely
increased production of gold.
Another and a very important inducement
to invest in the proposed loan, is the exemp-
tion of the bonds, as declared by the bill, from
all taxation—national, State, and municipal.
I postpone what 1 have to say on the new feat-
ure exempting the income derived from these
bonds, until I have considered the general sub-
ject. We were correctly told by the Senator
in charge of the bill, on the unimpeachable
authority of repeated decisions of the Supreme
Court, that if the clause exempting from taxa-
tion by State authority bonds issued by the
United States was omitted from the law, the
States could not legally tax them. The most
liberal construction that could bo given to the
national Constitution, with any show of reason,
would not give to a State the right, by its legis-
lation or otherwise, to control or impede in any
way the legitimate operations of the General
Government. The Senator from Ohio suffi-
ciently showed how the constitutional right of
that Government "to borrow money" might
be rendered nugatory by State taxation of the
securities issued for its loans. It does not
authorize the complaint of injustice that Con-
gress, in order to give an explicit assurance of
an already existing exemption to the national
creditors, has declared it in its laws.
_ But it is said that Congress lias the power to
give authority to the States to tax the national
securities. This was intimated by the Senator
from Maine, and assented to by the Senator
from Ohio. 11' it is meant by this that Con-
gress may authorize the Slates to tax its securi-
ties to an unlimited extent, 1 beg leave to dis-
sent Irom the opinion; for to do this would be
to invest the States with authority to control
tin1 exorcise by Congress of a power specifically
delegated, and I am inclined to think that to
concede the authority to an extent, however
limited, is open to the same objection. What
cannot be done in gross cannot be done in par-
cels; and if there is impropriety in a large con-
cession, it is only lessened, not avoided, by
limiting it.
heaving these considerations, Mr. President,
to those more able to grapple with them, 1
propose to look at this exemption in a practi-
cal point of \ iew. So far as the measure before
us is concerned, no exemption from taxation
of an additional amount of bonds is proposed.
AVc are simply about to change the form of
our debt, not to increii.se it. The seemities we
propose to redeem with the proceeds of the
new loan are now free from taxation, and fhis
is declared by the laws autlioih.ing their issue.
It is now, therefore, a contract with the hold-
ers of those securities, which we cannot with
honor annul. If the new loan is not author-
ized, or cannot be ellected, the same amount
of capital or property remains exempt from
taxation as would be it theproposcd loan were
carried into full effect,
i here is, .Mr. President,, in some quarters a
growing discontent, to use no stronger term,
with this exemption of the national securities
from taxation under State authority, the cause
of which t do not fully comprehend. The ex-
isting loans were made when the necessities of
the Government were great, and, to all appear-
ance, the means of supplying them dillieult to
be procured. Congress was unquestionably
justilied in ottering almost any inducement to
secure these means. This exemption, among
others, was offered, and proved very success-
ful, and thus became a contract with the hold-"
era of the now outstanding securities. It is,
of course, too late to make the objection, and
if there a,re any who are disposed to advise a
breach of the national faith they can have, no
adequate conception of the character or of the
amount of evil such a course would inevitably
inflict upon the country.
The discontent to which I have alluded is,
I am informed, founded on the withdrawal of
the large amount of capital constituting the
national debt from State taxation, thus depriv-
ing the States while the debt continues of a legit-
imate and important source of revenue. This
complaint, I understand, comes chiefly from
the agricultural States. If so, I beg to state
that the case is not quite so bad as they would
have it appear. Congress has abstained sincc
1801 from laying any tax upon land. It is
true that this is chiefly due to the fact that the
constitutional mode of levying a land or direct
tax has proved very unequal, and therefore
unjust in its operation. It hardly mends the
matter that slavery has been abolished, as that
only adds two fifths of the late slaves, or some
million and a half to the more than thirty mil-
lions among whom such a tax would be appor-
tioned. The evil of the rule is, that the tax
must be apportioned among the seveial States
in proportion to th«ir respective populations,
and not the value of their lands. It will be
readily perceived that such a tax must bear
heavily upon the agricultural States of the
West, where the value of land is much less
than in the older States, and where the pro-
portion of unused and therefore unproductive
land is so much greater. Now, this best sub-
ject of taxation has since 18G1 been left en-
tirely to the States, and is certainly equal in
tax-producing value to the capital invested in
national securities. I venture to say, therefore,
that so long as Congress keeps its tax-gatherers
off the lands the complaint to which I have
alluded is unjust, from whatever quarter it may
come, for there is not an interest or class that
would not bo sensibly affected by such a tax.
It may be well for those who are calling for
equality of taxation, in view of the exemption
of Government securities, to remember that
the same, cry may be raised by other classes in
view of the exemption of lauds fiom national
taxation.
As to the proposed exemption of the interest
of the now bonds from the income tax, it would
certainly hold out, an additional inducement to
those disposed to invest in these securities;
and as this would hardly fall within the reason
of the decisions of the Supreme Court I have
referred to, it is fair to presume that if is in-
sert, ed in the bill because it furnishes such an
inducement. With the income tax at five per
cent, it would be to the holder of the bonds
equal to an additional one fourth of one per
cent, of interest on his investment. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has shown that it would very
slightly affect the revenues of the United States,
and the bill, if I understand it correctly, does
not exempt it from Slate taxation. While,
therefore, it must be admitted that, as an in-
ducement to invest in the bonds it is of great
importance, it does not appear that other inter-
ests would be to any great extent injuriously
affected by it. If it induces the purchase of
the five per cent, bonds, it is giving, at the
most, seven and a half millions in order to
effect a saving of thirty millions.
There is another consideration to which
investors in public securities attach great im-
portance, and that is, that their punctual pay-
ment at maturity should be placed as far as
possible beyond contingency. It, may be said
that the limitless resources and unimpeached
credit, of the United States furnish a suflicient
assurance on this head. But is this true?
They do, indeed, give an assurance of ulti-
mate but not of punctual payment; and I
apprehend that an overdue bond of oven the
United States, with no provision made for its
redemption, although it would not depreciate
in intrinsic value, certainly would in its mar-
ket price. The bill before us promises—I
should rather say pledges the faith of the
United States—-that the interest on the new
issues shall bo paid at maturity, and that un-
der any and all circumstances the sum of
$80,000,000 shall be annually applied to the
redemption of the principal. But this pro-
vides for the extinction of considerably less
than one third of the debt by the time it ma-
tures, and therefore does not constitute the
inducement which investors are apt to require.
If it was the intention of the author of the bill
to give assurance that the whole debt should
be paid off in thirty-six years, the third sec-
tion must be amended in an important par-
ticular.
I have already intimated that if a sum equal
to the annual interest on the original amount
of debt, together with the thirty millions pi edged
by tho bill, be appropriated annually for the
purpose, the whole debt, principal and inter-
est, will be thereby extinguished in something
less than thirty-seven years. In other words,
tho interest on the original debt, or one hundred
and fifty millions, added to the thirty millions
mentioned in the bill, gives an aggregate of one
hundred and eighty millions, which sum ap-
plied annually to tho payment of the accrued
interest, and the residue, as far as It will go,
to the redemption of the principal, will extin-
guish the whole debt in the time named. It
will .be observed that by this plan the sum paid
year by year in reduction of the principal in-
creases at an accelerating ratio. In about
twenty years one third of the debt will have
been redeemed, in about thirty years two thirds,
and tho whole in less than thirty-seven years.
There is no mistake in this. I have made
the calculation, and figures cannot lie. It of
course supposes that on the day the period of
redemption begins the funding has been com-
pleted, and that no part of the annual appro-
priation to^be applied to the payment of prin-
cipal, lies idle for a moment. It must either
be drawing interest or stopping its accretion,
or tho time will bo lengthened. On the other
hand, as tho interest is payable semi-annually,
it one half of tho one hundred and eighty mil-
lions is applied semi-annually in the same way
the time will bo sensibly shortened. I may
add that if tho debt is extinguished in thirty-
six and a half years by the annual appropria-
tion I propose, the aggregate amount paid will
be six thousand five hundred and seventy mil-
lions ; but if wo should continue to pay the
interest as it accrues until the end of that
period and then pay the principal, the whole
amount required will be eight thousand four
hundred and seventy-five millions. I mention
this to illustrate the importance of providing
at onfce for the gradual and not too protracted
redemption of our national debt; the differ-
ence of the sums named as the results of the
two plans being equal to nearly two thirds of
the original debt. The latter plan is substan-
tially that which Great Britain has pursued
since she abandoned her sinking fund in 1819,
for the sums she has since applied to the
reduction of her debt bear so inconsiderable a
proportion to its aggregate, as scarcely to con-
stitute a departure from it.
I have gone into more detail, Mr. President,
than was otherwise necessary, because the bill
proposes to do away with the sinking fund con-
templated by the act of 1862, and does not, as
it now stands, make an equivalent for the rapid
absorption of the debt. By its present provis-
ions, which pledge but thirty millions annually,
the whole will not be paid off in less than one
hundred years, although the interest to be paid
will annually decrease in amount. I however
infer from the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio that the author of the bill before us con-
templated an operation similar to that I have
indicated; and that, ns T understand it, is pre-
cisely the operation of a sinking fund.
When such a fund is created by a munici-
pal or other corporation its management, is usu-
ally confided to commissioners or trustees, who
stand, as it were, between the corporation and
the holders of its obligations, with power to
enforce by action or other legal means the ful-
fillment of the pledges constituting the condi-
tions of the loan. The only difference that I
can perceive between an ordinary sinking fund
and what I infer is intended to be proposed by
tho bill under consideration is that in the one
case it is usually managed by commissioners,
and in the other becomes a part of the opera-
tions of the Treasury Department. To this I see
no objection, even when considered in connec-
tion with tho inquiries I havS been making as
