1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%
guarantees for the future, are obtained. Guar-
antees for the future! This vague term is an-
other political convenience like that of "dead
States." Under it each innovator, dreamer,
and revolutionist throughout the land can de-
mand and require the fulfillment of all his fan-
tastic desires against the South before he is
willing to admit her Representatives. It is the
cloak for every higher-law purpose now abroad
in the public mind. It is a well-filled arsenal
from which to shower confiscation, negro suf-
frage, reapportionment, proscription of per-
sons, and every other missile of torture that
was ever leveled at an unfortunate people.
Sir, I deny that a State can be refused her
representation for a single moment 011 such
grounds. Peace and obedience to law are
the only guarantees for the future which any
Government can justly require of its citizens.
Where is the power in the Constitution whereby
anything more can be demanded? Or has that
instrument become a dead letter to us because
we have been four years in forcing others to
obey it ? If we are not released from it, let me
see the section 011 the subject of guarantees
which authorizes Congress to close its doors in
the face of the representatives of the people
until thejj>sign deeds of political capitulation.
It may be said that the President himself has
required guarantees in his policy of restoration.
Even if he did so, I do not understand that he
proposed to make their refusal a pretext for
violating the Constitution himself. But I have
not regarded his advice to the South in the
nature of this movement in Congress. On the
great question of slavery I hold that the action
of the southern States in adopting the consti-
tutional amendment has been wise and benefi-
cent. The system was destroyed already by
the force of arms and the operations of war,
but it is better for the future dignity and his-
tory of the nation that a fact accomplished of
the utmost magnitude should have the sanction
of fundamental law. It was a vast step* too,
toward a speedy restoration, and that alone is
a powerful appeal in favor of the counsel of
the Executive and the action of the South.
One other subject lias been much canvassed
under this new-coined phrase of guarantees for
the future. The war debt i ncurred by the south-
ern Stales in their attempt to establish a confed-
eracy has been shaken in the face of the north-
ern people to incite them to a policy of distrust
and severity. Everybody well knows, of course,
that it will never be paid. All history tells us
that the debt of a defeated revolution is always
lost. The government that contracted it is no
more, and the ruined and exhausted people glad-
ly turn their backs on the dead and melancholy
past and look forward to the future with new
hopes, new ties, and a new destiny. As to the
victor in arms ever assuming such a debt, no in-
stance is known in the annals of mankind, and
such an idea is not respectable outside of an
asylum for the insane. I regarded, therefore,
the war debt of the South as fit only for one
use—the declamation of demagogues and the
malign purposes of political agitators. Hence
I voted a few days ago that it should be buried
out of sight and out of mind in the most effect-
ive and conclusive manner. I did not do so
because I wanted a guarantee on that subject,
but simply because I wished to remove it as an
obstacle in the pathway of reunion, and as a
means of useless and pernicious discord in the
future.
But again, as to the right of representation,
immediate and without any other guarantee than
obcdience to the Constitution. I shall nowprove
that the refusal to admit the southern repre-
sentatives arises from a sense of power and not
of justice ; that while the southern people were
in arms no position of the kind was assumed by
any department of the Government, and that
harder terms are now tendered to a defeated
than were held out to a defiant enemy. In the
proclamation of the late Chief Magistrate, from
which I have already quoted, he clearly and ex-
plicitly asserts the right of any State, whose
people were then in hostility to the General
'Government, to be represented in the Federal i
Congress, and announces that he will consider
such fact as an evidence that neither the State
norits people are any longer in rebellion. Where
then was the guarantee doctrine ? It had not yet
been born. We were then wooing and courting
representation because it suited our purposes to
do so. We are now repelling it for the same
reason. The great proclamation "was then akin
to the gospels of righteousness. Now I challenge
the committee of fiftsen to report in its favor. It
is deserted in the house of its friends, and I am
found defending the only healthy and legal spot
in it. But, potent as it was considered, yet it
was not the only expression that emanated from
the high places of the lastAdministrafcion, which
confounds the philosophers of this new faith.
On the Gth of February, 180", Mr. Seward in-
formed Europe and the civilized world that seats
in Congress "are also vacant and inviting the
Senators and Representatives of the discon-
tented party who may be constitutionally sent
there from the States involved in insurrection."
Did these vacant seats invite the Representa-
tives and Senators of a foreign nation with which
we were waging a war for annihilation ? Did the
Secretary of State attach any other condition to
the representation of the people then in arms
against the Government than attaches to the
representation of every other portion of the
American people? He only asked that it might
be constitutionally done, and this requirement
is of universal application to the whole country.
It means no more in Georgia than it does in
New York ; it means 110 more in Virginia than
it does in Massachusetts. It interpolates noth-
ing upon the practice of the Government under
the Constitution from the hour of its birth down
to the day 011 which an inquisition was sued out
in this House, in the shape of a committee of fif-
teen, in order to discover some means of adopt-
ing the old British system of colonial bondage.
But, sir, it may, in answer to these citations,
be said that it is not within the province of the
executive department, of the Government to
determine the question of representation in the
legislative department. But has not Congress
itself made a record 011 this subject which it
cannot ignore and which the majority dare not
face? Has itnot officially, over and over again,
in both branches, assumed the very position
which it now seeks with such flagrant assurance
to repudiate? The cry is nowthatwemustlook
to Congress for our policy of restoration. This
place has suddenly become a citadel of wisdom,
power, and dominion. It is a city of refuge,
where all the disappointed spoliators, insane an-
archists, bloody Jacobins, promoters of venge-
ance, disturbers of the peace, self-constituted
saints who imagine themselves in partnership
with the Almighty to assist Him in punishing
the sins of the world, where law-breakers and
revolutionists of every shade and color now flee
to escape from the wise, successful, and consti-
tutional policy of the President. "To your
tents, 0 Israel!'' was the ancient and legitimate
cry of alarm. "Look to Congress, look to Con
gress
!'' now rings out on the n,ir as a call to
battle in behalf of chaos, disorder, and inter-
minable woes. The populace of France, tossed
in a tumultuous delirium of hate, drunken with
blood, dethroning Deity and reverencing a har-
lot, shouted. "Look to the Assembly, look to
the Assembly!" where the Mountain murdered
the Girondists, and where Robespierre, Marat,
and Saint Just planned, in the name of public
virtue, the destruction of human life and of
human society. But, sir, if we must "look to
Congress,'" let me sh ow the wistful gazers a pic-
ture of congressional action which will fill their
hearts with dismay, and which Congress itself
cannot to-day behold without feelings of humili-
ation and shame over its present position. *
Did I not ser\ e here in this Hall during the
fury of the rebellion, when the flames of war
scorched the very front of the heavens, with
Representatives from the State of Louisiana?
Were they not admitted to the "vacant seats"
which invited their return by the very men who
now stand like surly sentries at these doors a.nd
answer their hailingsign of entrance either with
the response of "Dead States'' or "Guaran-
tees?' ' Was Tennessee destroyed or Her1
feople entitled to no voice here bee&use of
er ordinance of secession ? Sir, her name was
called here during more than half the period of
the war, and the representatives of her peopla
answered to their names in both ends of the
Capitol. The gentleman who in vain sought
even a recognition of his own existence in this
body when the present Congress wag organized,.
[Mr. Mayxamj,] was then here with- the. full-
sanction of the same political majority wTiich-'
now spurns him from the door of its caucus
room, and drives him from the protection which"
the escutcheon of his glorious State, under the
administration of law, affords its Representa-
tives in Congress. Shall we now assert that at
that time Tennessee was a portion of a foreign
Government? Shall we then as the next step
of supreme absurdity declare the President of
the United States himself an unnaturalized for-
eigner, a captive to our lance and spear, "enti-
tled doubtless to kind treatment, but in no sense
a citizen of the United States, inasmuch as he
never expatriated himself from the alien and
hostile province of Tennessee, and never ac-
knowledged himself subdued to the embraces
of the Federal flag as the syirfbol of a separate
nationality? I am prepared to hear even this
miserable libel on American institutions as-
serted. Nothing is allowed to stand in the
way o'F fanaticism. Its purposes are inexora-
ble, and its devotees often deem themselves in
truth and honesty the philosophers of their age j
but Frederick the Great made a wise observa-
tion when he said, " If I wanted to ruin one of
my provinces I would make over its government
to the philosophers." Their theories are al-
ways in advance of their times; and in practi-
cal sense and actual utility they meet neither
the requirements of the past, present, or future.
The philosophers of Congress at least contra-
dict themselves at very short stages of progress,
and give no evidence of either ability or con-
sistency. Why, sir, the records of this body,
as well as of the Senate, will show that Virginia,
too—Virginia, whose fiery and lofty crest shone
in the very front of the rebellion, whose plains
were its battle-fields, and in whose soil so many
of its heroes lie buried—was here as a State
when the roar of her hostile cannon could be
heard on Capitol hill. Those who claimed to
be her representatives came and they were re-
ceived. f hey were required to give no pledges
then for the future good behavior of their con-
stituents, nearly all of whom were obeying the
orders of General Lee. Then they were to be
trusted without guarantees; but now that peace
has been restored, and there is not an armed
hand in all her borders to dispute the Federal
authority, her people arc much more dangerous
and the prcscnee of their Representatives hero
would give a fatal blow to the public safety!
Such is the miserable position to which the en-
gineers of this new movement are reduced!
Mr. DEMING. Will mydistinguished friend
from Indiana [Mr. Vooriiees] inform this
House when he thinks the right to representa-
tion here from these States commenced? Did
it commence at Antietam, at Gettysburg, or
when did it commence ?
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 will answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Deming.] But as my time is getting short, I
trust I shall bo excused from further interrup-
tion. My answer is, "Peace and obedience
to law are the only guarantees for the future
which any Government can regime of its peo-
ple." And when peace and otSRience to law
reign among any portion of the American peo-
ple, I hold that they are entitled to representa-
tion here.
Mr. DEMING. Then I suppose it will be
necessary for the gentleman to show that obe-
dience to law exists at this time in tlie reclaimed
territories?
Mr. VOORHEES. Undoubtedly. I think the
President and General Grant have shown that
fact.
But one step further in this congressional
record. As if to forever settle the construction
which should be placed upon the condition of
