1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313?
to the inducements that can be offered to cap-
italists and investors to take the-proposed loan.
It may be stated, however, that in the eases
of corporations it sometimes becomes neces-
sary to interpose commissioners in order that
the fund may be invested in the bonds in-
tended to be secured, as their fiduciary char-
acter enables them to enforce, if necessary,
the payment of the accruing interest on those
they hold._ _As these 'are usually secured by
mortgage it is important to the creditors gen-
erally that those belonging to the fund should
be kept alive; and this is effected by their being
held by the cbmmissioners, who' are trustees
for both debtor and creditor. It is evident that
if- the bonds are purchased by the corporation
for its own account it is equivalent to a re-
demption or payment, and they consequently
cease to have value and cannot be reissued.
If the national bonds are purchased by the
Secretary of the Treasury, acting only in the
capacity of an officer or agent of the Govern-
ment,'they become extinct, or mere waste
paper; they are in fact paid off, and the obli-
gation they once imposed is discharged. There
can, however, be no necessity in the case of
the Government for keeping them alive. If
the annual appropriation I have suggested
is made part of the law authorizing the new
loan, it becomes a condition of the contract
with those who purchase the bonds, iind the
faith of the United States is pledged for its
observance, and no security or guarantee can
be more ample. It will of course be the im-
perative duty of the Secretary of the Treasury
to carry into effect a law which, morally at
least, is^ irrepealable until its purposes are
accomplished.
The plan of payment I have endeavored to
delineate recommends itself not alone as an
inducement to the capitalist to invest in the
proposed bonds, but also as a scheme by per-
sistence in which the whole debt may be got
rid of in a little more than a generation, if we
are spared a foreign war or another domestic
insurrection. It therefore becomes of para-
mount importance to ascertain whether the
probable resources of the country, taking one
year with another throughout the period named,
will justify Congress in now pledging the na-
tional faith that $180,000,000, derived from
customs, taxation, and other sources of reve-
nue, and not from loans, shall be annually
appropriated to the payment of the principal
and interest of the debt, to be suspended only
in ease of war or insurrection. Are we pre-
pared to give this pledge? We have had the
assurance from a high and well-informed quar-
ter, and I think it is nowhere disputed, that we
can appropriate thirty millions annually to the
reduction'of the principal of the debt, paying
besides the interest as it accrues. Certainly,
then, if we can reduce the rate of interest as
proposed in the bill, our ability to make the
annual appropriation I have indicated cannot
bo doubted.
I have insisted on a pledge of the national
faith not only as an assurance due to the
public creditor, but as an act of justice to our-
selves ; and in this term I include not only the
present and future tax-payers, but every indus-
trial interest of the country. To permit the
debt to increase in time of peace would be
palpably suicidal. If the truth of this remark
was not so obvious, I might cite to prove it the
late declarations of the British Chancellor of
the Exchequer. Their debt has not perma-
nently increased of late years, but its reduction
has been very slight compared with its amount,
which is greater than ours, although the annual
interest is less than ours would be at five per
cent. When they abolishtid their sinking fund,
instead of fixing an amount to be raised by
imposts and taxation, and paid annually toward
the reduction of their debt, they merely pro-
vided that their whole surplus revenue should
be applied to that purpose, and the result is
that but little has been effected. Mr. Gladstone
and Mr. Mill, at least, have at length become
alarmed at this state of things, and if they are
39TH CONU. 1ST SESS.—NO. 197.
abte to correct it it will be by pairing a fixed
annual appropriation toward its reduction, and
treating this as paramount to all*considerations
except national defense.
* Ihe same remark is true of this country.
Our resources are certainly greater than th'ose
of Great Britain, and more rapidly increasing,
and I think are more at our command. Our
annual expenditure for ordinary purposes is
much less. We can safely fix a comparatively
early period for the extinction of our debt, but
I doubt if this can be said of Great Britain.
If what I propose should be found burdensome
at the beginning, it will doubtless be much less
so at the end of the first decade, and may cease
to be so to any inconvenient extent long be-
fore the thirty-seven years have passed. Until
this condition is attained the business of the
country will be more or less hampered by the
existence of the debt; but lam persuaded that
if by our legislation we can give the country
and the world a sufficient assurance that the
debt will certainly be extinguished at a day
not too remote, much of the evil consequent
upon its existence will have already ceased.
1 have expressed doubts whether the pro-
posed five per cent, loan can be disposed of at
par; but as the Secretary of the Treasury, as
well as several persons in private stations,
more familiar with the stock and money mar-
kets than T can pretend to be, whose opinions,
for which I have a high respect, have been
communicated to me, think that it can be read-
ily sold if it combines the inducements I have
endeavored to discuss, I am willing that the
experiment shall be made. I am willing, not
only because its success is, as I have attempted
to show, very desirable, but also because, after
giving the subject much and earnest consider-
ation. I am not apprehensive that its failure
would be productive of any evil beyond the
temporary postponement of a final arrange-
ment of the mode of redeeming the debt. It
is not made obligatory on the Secretary to
issue these bonds, nor is he restrained from
issuing others at six per cent., as authorized
by existing laws. When this bill is finally
passed, with such amendments as may be sug-
gested and approved, he will have the precise
conditions of the loan before him, and they
will also be before the capitalists and invest-
ors of the country, lie will then, bettor than
now, be able to determine what prospect there
is of making sale of the bonds; ami I am very
sure that unless this is entirely satisfactory he
will not put them on the market. Besides, a
failure to sell them will not indicate any defi-
ciency of credit on the part of the Govern-
ment, as it will be owing entirely to the char-
acter of the bonds. With these views I am
still willing that tlie experiment shall be made.
I have not noticed so far the fourth section of
the bill under consideration. It is not neces-
sarily connected with what precedes it. I ap-
prove its object, and believe that in the place
it now occupies, or by itself, it should speedily
be enacted into a law, with, perhaps a slight
amendment. I will not detain the Senate by
further remarks upon it, but conclude by again
urging upon its consideration the propriety of
providing at this session for the total redemp-
tion of the national debt within a definite and
not very jsrotracted period, by a fixed annual
appropriation, whether the particular plan 1
have indicated or some other, equally or more
efficient, be adopted.
I now move to amend the third section of the
bill by striking out after the word "least,'' in
line seven, and inserting—
Ninety million dollars (including the saving of
interest utbresaitO out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, shall bo applied to the
payment of the interest as it accrues and the reduc-
tion of the principal of (ho said dehi by the purchase
or redemption of the said bonds at not exceeding
their par value, unless a greater rate is hereatter
authorized by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the amendment, but as I agreed not to press
a vote on the bill to-day I would rather that
the amendment should be printed.
The amendment was ordered to be printed;
and the further consideration of the bill was
postponed until to-morrow.
parts universal exhibition.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 52, relating to the Paris Exhibition.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 52) to provide for the
expenses attending the exhibition of the prod-
ucts of industry of the United States at the
Exposition at Paris in 1867, was considered, as
in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy. ) As the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions have reported an amendment which is a
substitute for the resolution, the substitute
only will be read.
The Secretary read- the reported substitute,
as follows:
That in order to enable the people of the United
States to participate in the advantages of the Uni-
versal Exhibition of the productions of agriculture,
manufactures, and the fine arts, to be held at Paris
in the year 1867, the following sums, or so much,
thereof as way be necessary for the purposes sever-
ally specified, arc hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
1. To provide necessary furniture and fixtures for
the proper exhibition of the productions of the Uni-
ted States according to the plan of the imperial dorn-
missioucrs, in that part of the building exclusively
assigned to the use of the United States, $48,000.
2. For the compensation of the principal a^ent of
the Exhibition in the United State*, at the rate of
$2,000 a year: Provide'!, That the period of such .ser-
vice shall not extend beyond sixty davs alter the
ehxe of Ihe Exhibition, $4,000, or so much theivof as
may be found neccssary.
3. Foroffice rentatXewYork.for fixtures, station-
ery and advertising; for rent of storehouse tor ic-
ception of articles and products; for expenses of
shipping, including curtate, &e.: for freights on .ho
articles to be exhibited from New York to iYam oaud
return, and for compensation of four clerk-; in con-
formity with the joint resolution approved on the 1ft th
ot January, I860, and for contingent exp« nses, the
sum of $>H3,70U, or so much thereof as may be found
neoesMiry.
4. For expenses in receuinjr, boarding, storage,
cartage, labor, &c., at Havre ; for railway ti asporta-
tion tram Havre to Paris, going and lctmnuig; for
labor in the palacc; for sweeping ond sprinkling
compartments for seven months; f<u &ua;d* and
keepers for seven months; for linguist*- (eigl't men)
for seven months; for storing, packiiig-box«s<",rting,
and for material for repacking; tor clerk hn-, sta-
tionery, rent, and contingent expenses, tbo of
or so much thereof as may bo found ncussary.
5. For the traveling expenses of ten proU'>Monal
and scientific; commissioners, to be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and eon-erd of the
Senate, at the rate of $1,000 each, $10,000—it being
understood that the President may appoint additional
comniistdoiieis, not exceeding twenty in number,
ivhove expend shall not be paid.
ShC. 2. And be it further vmolral. That the Governors
of the several States be, and they aie hereby, re-
quested to invite the patriotic people of tlmir respect-
ive States to assist in the proper representation of the
handiwoik of our artisans and the prolific sources of
material wesilth with which our land is Moved, and
to take such further measures as may be necessary to
diffuse a knowledge of the, piopo-cd Exhibition, and
to secure to their respective States the advantages
whiJa it promises.
Mr. HARRIS.' At Urn end of the fifteenth
line of the amendment, 1 move to insert the
words uin coin;'' so as to read, u $18,000 in
coin.'J
The amendment to the amendment was
agiveil to.
Mr. HARRIS. In the thirty-second line
there is a misprint. The word "boarding"
should bo bonding."
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will bo made.
Mr. HAHHiS. In the forty-first line, after
the word l% dollars/' I move to amend by in-
serting the words ,:m coin,7' These expenses
are to be met m Paiis.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. In line forty-eight at the
end of section one 1 move to insert the words
"but no person interested directly or indi-
rectly In any article exhibited shall be a com-
missioner."
Mr. HOWARD. I really do not now see
the necessity of such an amendment. Perhaps
the Senator from New York can explain it. I
do not see why aa interest on the part of a
commissioner in an article exhibited should
