1B66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1217
iron and the advance is thirty-four per cent.
Five examples in woolens show an advance of
nineteen per cent., while wool shows an ad-
vance of only fourteen per cent.
The following statistics are certified to be
correct by the Treasury Department and by
the authority of J. R. Dodge, Esq., of the De-
partment of Agriculture:
Wool imported in the year ending June 30,1865, the first
year of present tariff.
Duty.
Centft.
At 12 cents or less 3
At 12 to 24 cents 6
At 24 to 32 cents -
At 32 cents and over    ......
Scoured triple duty
Shoddy 3
Pounds.
17,297,247
22,981,108
31,044
15,092
47,524
4,863,064
Total dutiable 
Canadian, (free)    3,*36,Or J
Of this there was from the Argentine re-
public  9,859,618
Second grade, (12 to 24 cents)  6,214,2/1
Total, (of coarse)  16,103,889
From Africa., (first grade) 
From Africa, (second grade) 
32,290
8,279,973
Total, (of fine)  8.312,263
Tlio duties, as may "be seen, amount to little
more than S-i, 000,000, or less than five cents per
pound. If invoiced at real value as compared
•with wool grown in the United States the duty
would not be over two and a half cents per
pound. From personal examination I am sat-
isfied as to the false invoices, and there is no
friend of the wool interest who does not admit
the protection sought a failure.
Total tvoolcns imported in four years ending June 30,
18G5.
1862   $14,844,394
1S6.-C1"*...!  20,411,615
186 4  32,139,336
1865   20,347,563
Grand total  $87,782,918
Total woolens, as shown £87,782,918
Total wool in same time  45,560,044
Total wool and woolens, (in sold) $133,351,962
Or say $22-5,000,000 in currency.
t?
I 3 \
\ prj :
: j
• : o
'• : £
^ f<.'£>
to
;j< co
1862 '
18153 
181) J 
Year.
vt-.C0--T.U-s.,
J
Cr< LO X- CS *
. ^
C-"C1C?
C/3 O k-O
o
t-j'O
c •*-
Cr. co
OC^ '
^ 00
05-T
-a
K  
ETo
?c
5
co —'C/5 ic c
o> io cr- x
ZD
P-
2-
Qi
ic CT5 y-1 to
j ci^OOtc"
Total value
wool and
shoddy.
If it be urged that this protection will ad-
vanee the price of cloth, the answer ^is, it will
protect the people trorn the impositions oi
shoddy and foreign siaples iar interior to our
own. The strength and durability of our
wool was subjected to a test by the Army and
Navy in the wearing of twenty-five million
39th Cong. 1st Se^s.—No. 77.
garments made from a domestic staple in a
single year, and by the authority of the office
of the Quartermaster General in charge of
these supplies, we have the testimonybflicially:
'' It has been demonstrated that American
Army cloths are much stronger than those in
use in the armies of Europe." Home-made
shawls and flannels are more durable, and the
latter cheaper than those imported, and when
the service of the garment is considered, the
increased first cost is no fatal objection. A
large class using the home loom or who make
exchanges with the neighboring factory are
unaffected by higher prices, while the grain
raiser finds at the folds of the shepherd a bet-
ter corn market than at the railroad or by the
lakes or the Mississippi. It is to-day in the
wool-growing districts twenty per cent, higher
than in the near cities, as the prices-current
will demonstrate. An expansion of this inter-
est furnishes a new demand for mechanical
labor, multiplies commodities, increases the
ability of the country to buy, stimulates the
erection of manufactories, and gives value to the
lands, of which there are hundreds of millions
of acres producing the nutritious grasses which
have seemingly no further use than to light up
the heavens with autumnal fires grander than
the aurora borealis. Untimbered and distant
from railways they can have but a nominal
value; simply held for grain raising are worth
110 more by the acre than was real estate in
Sodom.
Let me not fail to mention that by the flock
we rejuvenate the fields, wasted and skimmed by
the exportation of wheat and the burning of the
straw, and prepare for the cultivation of do-
mestic grasses. Encouragement, too, is offered
to an all-the-year-round employment, consisting
mainly in little attentions which can be be-
stowed by the child and the man unsuited to
severe labor, in contrast with grain-growing,
which involves a few months of severe toil; and
then the practice of giving up ofrobust manhood
to idleness and squandering, conditions which
may be fitly represented by father and sons when
the former had returned from a western visit,
asking his sons what they had done, to gain the
reply, "We have picked up the apples and
made the eider." •'And what else?'' u"\Ve
have, with the neighbors, drank up the cider."
If I seem to push these arguments, my apol-
ogv is, 1 want no policy which shall be for the
moral disgust and pecuniary loss of the great
agricultural masses. It is no worthy ambition
to aspire to be the granary of the world. Egypt
of old enjoyed that preeminence, but her Delta
that brought forth the crop, and the Nile and
the sea to bear it away to opulent cities, did
not maintain there the preeminence of virtue,
science, and the arts. Grermany only threw off
her vassalage when she encouraged the growth
of animals rather than grain, and encouraged
manufactures.
The flocks of the State of Iowa have in-
creased more than six hundred per cent, tor
the last five years, and those of the Northwest
for the same period at the rate of three hun-
dred per cent. Iowa has one and a half mil-
lion, and the new Northwest an investment of
forty millions in the wool interest, which can
readily and at an early day be increased to a
hundred millions with proper encouragement,
which shall not bo detrimental to any interest,
rather contributing to national honor and
wealth.
SHODDY.
Having shown the just claims of the wool-
grower, and that protection to him involves na-
tional independence and the welfare of all our
industries, Ipause for a moment to make allusion
to that article inimical to our protection and the
greatest imposition of the age, known as shoddy
or mungo. It has come to be associated w-ith
fraudulent contracts and snobbery, since fur-
nished through deception in place of wool.
What is it but a picked up mass of broken
fibers, taken from worn and rotten garments,
imported from junk-shops, stripped from the
lazzaroni of the Old World, from hospitals ana
pest-houses, with such Satanic greed and cupid-
ity that rebels by the importation of foreign
rags required but few devices to bring among
ns loathsome diseases and pestilence? How-
gross the impositions visited on our soldiers!
What they bought for cloth was as destitute
of fiber as putrid flesh of muscle, altogether
wanting in strength and durability. How morti-
fying to the gentleman, having innocently sup-
posed that his beaver coat was of the best merino
staple, to know that he wore the less genteel
than second-hand clothing, segregations taken
from petticoats cast off by South American
barbarians and clothes worn by Italian beg-
gars, which have crowded the holds of the ves-
sels touching our shores! This is no fancy.
The fact of the imposition and too willing deg-
radation is known to all our manufacturers.
The importation the last year was five million
pounds, which required at least two million sheep
for its growth, almost equal to the number found
in the great State of Pennsylvania. Twenty-
seven million pounds were imported in four
years. And what were the cash profits of our
humiliation? Three cents a {lound duty. Most
pitiful return for the impositions practiced for
four years on a million soldiers and unsuspect-
ing ladies and private gentlemen. As one who
would protect the wool-grower from indignity,
aud cloth-wearers from a sham and a fraud, I
would make no treaty stipulation with Canada
for its importation, and prohibit it from abroad,
and place shoddyite and rebel on the same pro-
bationary plane.
A COMPARISON WITH OTHEK ARTICLES PROTECTEE.
In my argument, if indulging in comparisons
I shall not be regarded as inimical to any great
interest now protected, but ask why hemp and
flax receiving generous protection are more
entitled to it than wool? These articles impov-
erish the land while sheep husbandry enriches
it. We have more hemp manufactured at forty
dollars a ton protection than will be tested at
this political juncl ure for rebel neck-ties, and our
linens for either utility or ornament cannot be
compared with wool, the common staple, which
in facility for imparting beauty gives a thou-
sand hues and colors indestructible as the fab-
ric itself; and as promoter of health can never
lie supplanted. Why should the occupation
of the glass-maker have preference to that of
the wool-grower who only takes from the earth
to let in the light; the other rescuing from
earth's surface the grasses to clothe the man,
an earlier necessity than the light? In peace
and in war gunpowder has received higher pro-
tection than wool, but can the occasion be found
in the greater necessity for gunpowder than
covering for the soldier who bears the gun, or
are there any compensating considerations in
favor of rude coal-burners or chemists I
Salt-boilers are not more patriotic and intel-
ligent than shepherds; nor can the manufacturer
of this necessary article make that plea for favor
of the wool-grower, that he restores wastes,
enriches lands, and contributes to the promotipn
of the first gieat wants of the race in furnishing
clothing; yet a bushel of salt, worth thirty-five
cents, has a protection of eighteen cents, while
a pound of wool, worth fifty cents, enjoys a pro-
tection of five ecnts per pound. I offer no apol-
ogy for the plea I make in behalf of our great
clothing staple. This gigantic interest, repre-
senting hundreds of millions of dollars, has had
no special defenders, and I ask, as in the last
Congress—
"Can Government reasonably ask the floek-master,
wounded in our battles, returning homo to his tarm,
a man of education, meeting tbo responsibilittOT ot a
citizen and the head of a.family,
nomads, the half-cloth ed tribes of South America and
South Africa, who sleep m huts, f^sist on tropical
fruits, contributing nothing to
bility of government, races who now flood om mar
kets with wool?"
If a comparison of the claims of the several
great interests shall secure harmonious ana
equal justice in our legislation, the burdens ot
Government will be more cheerfully met, and
that newportion of the country m behalt ofwhich.
T speak may safely inaugurate a policy which
will attract population and capital, andpermitus
to enter upon a now era of growth and prosperity.
