3138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
be an objection to his acting as a commis-
sioner.
Mr. HARRIS. It was thought by the com-
mittee that these commissioners should be en-
tirely- impartial, having no interest at all in
the articles exhibited, no interest in any award
of premiums that should be made, that they
should be entirely disinterested, so that they
could act upon juries if necessary. .
Mr. HOWARD. The commissioners act in
a sort of judicial capacity, then?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Then it would be very
right.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that same principle to
extend to the wise men, the learned men, we
are to send out?
Mr. HARRIS. These ax-e the men.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment to
insert at the end of the second section these
words:
Providedjioioevcr, Tliat no officer shall be appointed
and no money paid under the provisions of this res-
olution, until the Imperial Government of France
shall first Rive ample and reliablo assurances to this
Government that the JbYeneh troops and all French
military o Hicers shall bo immediately withdrawn from
the just territorial jurisdiction of tho ropublio of
Mexico.
Upon that question I ask for the yeas and
nays.
"flic yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I confess that I do not see
with great clearness the applicability of the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Iowa to the joint resolution under considera-
tion. I would like, therefore, very much to
hoar an explanation of the whole subject from
tho honorable Senator. I desiro to hear his
views upon the question of the enforcement of
the Monroe doctrine and where it is at present.
Air. GRIMES, it seems tome that the whole
question is in a nutshell. livery gentleman
who has visited France since this Exposition
has been projected, has returned to this conti-
nent, entertaining the opinion which he has
always expressed, that this whole Exposition
was got up more for the purpose of glorifying
tho present Imperial Government of France
than for any other purpose, and that it is for
that reason that tho younger Napoleon, the in-
fant Napoleon, has been made the president of
this Exposition, lie is to occupy the promi-
nent position, he is to be in the foreground in
everything that is to be done.
Now, Mr. President, for my own part, rep-
resenting a portion of the valley of the Missis-
sippi river, interested somewhat in the connec-
tions that this Government may sustain toward
its neighbors, 1 am not, quite disposed-to assist
Oi to be in any way instrumentnl in accom-
plishing the object of the Imperial Government
of France in this particular at any time, and
especially not so long as their troops shall
remain within the territorial jurisdiction of the
republic of Mexico troops, Mr. President,
which would not have been sent there, as every-
body knows, but for the difficulties that were
occurring in this country at that time. They
were sent out to take advantage of the unfor-
tunate posture of public affairs in this country.
I hear that the French Government have lately
professed to bo willing to withdraw their troops ;
but I have not yet, had that assurance that tliey
will withdraw them that I wish to have before
I will agree to appropriate or assist in appro-
priating several hundred thousand dollars for
this purpose.
I trust the Senator from Michigan under-
stands fully the purpose that I have in view.
I do not want to take part in this Exhibition
at all; T do not want to assist in elevating in
public estimation in any part of the world the
present dynasty in France so long as it shall
stand really, morally, and militarily, in an an-
tagonistic position to this Government; and she
does stand in that position so long as her troops
remain in Mexico.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, Mr. President. But
has the honorable Senator any doubt as to the
earnest and confident expectation of the hon-
orable Secretary of State that the French
troops are about to be withdrawn from the
territory of Mexico ? Is he not entirely willing
to rest his case upon the assurances which have
been given us by that eminent gentleman that
this most desirable result is about to take place ?
If he entertains these views why does he press
this amendment to so simple a bill as this?
Why make it a sort of condition-precedent to
our participating in the Paris Exposition that
the French troops shall be withdrawn from
Mexico? Is he not perfectly sure that his
Majesty, the Emperor of the French, will with-
draw the French troops from Mexico immedi-
ately ?
Mr. GRIMES. In answer to the Senator
from Michigan I will say that my faith is not
as strong as one might suppose from his lan-
guage that his was. I have not as much faith
in the capacity of the Secretary of State as a
prophet as I had some five or six years ago.
But if France withdraws her troops there can
no injury result to anybody by the adoption of
this amendment. It-will only prevent us from
complicating onrs'elvesin any such Exposition,
or any such attempt to sanction the dynasty
that now rules France, by sending these learned,
men, to be selected from the different parts of
the country, who are to go there for the pur-
pose of bringing back information, I suppose,
and perhaps it may be that they will bring back
some of the imperial ideas that are so preva-
lent in France to be disseminated around in
the various localities from which they arc to
be selected.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, in January
last we had a proposition before us to accept
tho invitation to take part ih this Exhibition.
A joint resolution came from the House of
Representatives providing that the United
States would accept the invitation, and take
part in the Exhibition. According to my rec-
ollection, the Senator from Iowa made very
much the same speech then that ho has made
now, and made very much the same opposi-
tion to that resolution that ho makes now to
this; and ho culled for the yeas and nays on
the question of accepting that invitation, and,
according to my recollection, he had live votes
with him, perhaps six. And now having ac-
cepted it; having appointed our commissioner
general in Paris; having appointed an agent
in New York; having sent out invitations
through all the States for the purpose of pre-
paring for this Exhibition, and the invitations
having been accepted, what is proposed? I
read, a few days ago, four closely printed col-
umns in the Tribune of tho acceptances of in-
vitations and sending articles for exhibition.
Under these circumstances this resolution pro-
vides simply to pay the expenses. Are we not
bound to go on with this thing, having accepted
the invitation, having appointed our officers,
having sent out invitations to all the States?
Every State in the Union except the State of
Delaware has now articles being sent forward
for exhibition. Probably we shall have ten
times as many articles as the space allotted to
us in the Exhibition will accommodate, and
wc are obliged to discriminate. This resolu-
tion simply provides for paying the expenses.
Mr. GRIMES. It is true that I opposed the
resolution to which the Senator alludes; but I
do not know that it is exactly generous for the
Senator from New York to taunt mo with my
want of influence in this body, by which I was
only able to get four or five men to vote with
me. It is very possible that he is correct as to
what the number of votes was ; but I will teb
you in what I was correct. I told the Senate
then that that was the mere entering wedge
which would lead to the introduction of this i
very bill and others that would in the end !
deplete your Treasury, and I was replied to by j
tho Senator from Massachusetts, tho chairman |
of the Committee on foreign Relations, [Mr. j
Sumneb,,] who represented the committee at I
that time, that I was mistaken about that. This I
bill came from the House of Representatives
nearly three months ago. It has lain in the
hands of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the chairman of the committee being unwilling
to report it  
Mr. HARRIS. You are mistaken.
Mr. GRIMES. Then all I bave to say is
that I have been misinformed.
Mr. HARRIS. It was reported on the 5th
of April, by the chairman.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has suffered it to remain here for more
than two months, unwilling to call it up. When
he went away, two days ago, it came into the
hands of the Senator from New York, and he
uses precisely the argument that I told the Sen-
ate would be used when this bill came up,
while the other one was under consideration,
namely, that we had committed ourselves to it
and that now there was no alternative for us
but to go on and make appropriation after
appropriation, no matter to what extent; and
this is not the end of it. Every man knows
that each one of these learned commissioners,
when he returns, is going to make a volumi-
nous report of what he saw in France, and that
will be submitted to the Senate and House of
Representatives, and we shall be called upon
to print it, with extensive plates,, diagrams,
plats, maps, and everything of that kind, and
we shall have $2,000,000 saddled upon us for
public printing to print the reports of the
learned gentlemen who are to go over there
to glorify his Imperial Majesty Napoleon III,
and the young man, the president of the Paris
Exposition, the young Prince Imperial——
Mr. HOWARD. What is the age of the
president of the Exhibition?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New York,
I suppose, can inform me. I think about five
years old.
Mr. COWAN. Thirteen, I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. Time passes so rapidly that
I am hardly able to note it. It does not seem
possible that he can be thirteen years old. I
hardly think he is. He is somewhere, I should
think, from five to eight years old, and [ have
no doubt that the very person of all tho world,
properly selected, considering the purposes that
aro to be subserved by this Exhibition, to pre-
side over it.
But, Mr. President, I will make another pre-
diction. I have no doubt this bill is going to
pass. There is influence enough to pass it.
But I predict that before we get through with
this matter it will cost the Government two
million dollars. You will have deficiency after
deficiency, growing out of the transportation
of these articles, the expenses attending these
commissioners and the various classes of officers
you authorize to be appointed; new officers
will be created; new printing bills will be run
up, and then finally to wind up the whole, you
will be compelled to print the voluminous re-
ports ; these men will make just such reports
as were made by Delafield and Mordecai and
McClellan, when they went to see the Crimean
war. They were instructed to go and examine
the campaigns of the Russians and French.
Major Mordecai's report is devoted almost en-
tirely to the arsenals in Vienna and other placcs
in the interior of Germany. These gentlemen
when they cannot make out a sufficiently
voluminous report—and a great many people
imagine that the va^ue of their report will be
judged by its size—will go into other portions
of the country and give us a history of their
travels. All this will be sent here as part of
the report, and tho Senator from New York
will rise with all the gravity and suavity, that
are so proverbial of the Senator and ask the
Senate to print it, and we shall order it to be
printed. •
For my own part I am not disposed to em-
bark in this scheme, and I desire to place my
name on record in opposition to it.
Mr. CONNESS. My idea of the proper way
of fighting French influence is not that sug-
gested by the Senator from Iowa in .his speech.
This Exposition ia of aii industrial character;
