15.4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
the southern. States, and their right to represen-
tation, Congress enacted and the President ap-
f roved a law on. the 4th of March, 1862, which
here read:'
Chap. XXXVI.—An act fixing the number of the
House of Representatives from and after the third
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
TJc it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United State* of America in Congress as-
sembled, That from and after the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, the number of
members of the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States shall be two hundred
and forty-one; and the eight additional members
shall be assigned one each to Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Kentucky. Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Vermont, and
Bhode Island.
In order to obtain the number of two hun-
dred and forty-one Representatives as contem-
plated by this law, every southern State whose
citizens were in revolt must have been repre-
sented according to h er popul ation. What more
can I do than to mate this statement? What,
argument could add to its binding force ? If
men will repudiate to-day what they did yes-
terday, if they refuse to be bound by their own
principles declared in the solemn form of a law,
if the highest precedents of their own official
action fall without force upon their ears, then,
indeed, they are beyond the power of reason
and callous to the reproach and derision of the
world.
Sir, the most melancholy phase of corrupted
and fallen human nature is its selfish tenacity
to the low purposes of the hour. In their head-
long pursuit it spurns the fixed principles and
everlasting laws of the universe from its sordid
pathway. It scoffs at wisdom that is "hoary
and white with eld,'' and jeers the venerable
experiences of ages if they arise as obstacles to
its immediate gratification. Constitutions, laws,
and sacred ordinances are lighter than cobwebs
in the way of its consuming desires. Even the
dread Jehovah, who made man and the code
of divinity which claims his obedience, is but
dimly remembered when the prize of the heart's
dearest passion lies close and tempting to our
hands. Our line of vision is on the level be-
fore us. We bow to the earth and worship its
transient spoils, while the stara which sail over
our heads and beckon us to celestial duties and
betoken eternity, go unheeded in their grand-
eur. We hear the siren voice of the moment,
but fail to catch the loftier harmony of the
eternal spheres. Who has fathomed the dark
and mysterious depths of his own motives?
The rules of right rise or sink as they can be
made subservient to our interests, our hopes,
our loves, and our hates. The merchant prince
of to-day adopts a new principle of trade from
yesterday, because his harvest of profit will be
richer and his chambers of wealth enlarged.
The rulers and legislators of nations do the
same. Napoleon worshiped with the faith of
a Moslem at the Pyramids, when he dreamed
of reviving and reigning on the throne of tlie
Pharaohs. He imprisoned the anointed suc-
cessor of St. Peter when the unappeasable rage
of his ambition strove for the "empire of Eu-
rope. He died with the consecrated wafer on
his lips when he sought the salvation of
bis soul in the midst of the storm at Helena.
Cromwell commenced his career in the name
of the Lord, the champion of liberty, and the
enemy of kings. His present purposes were
gained by these fair and specious pretensions,
but he passed from the earth as the first of an
imperial dynasty, with every vestige of civil
and religious toleration destroyed, and every
evidence of^ee government swept from the
British empire. David, the king, the statesman,
the warrior, and the man of letters, yielded
to the temptation of a beautiful but moment-
ary vision, darkened his fame with cowardly
anrl cruel ^murder, and corrupted his line with
the offspring of a twofold crimc. Even the
primeval parents of the human race, who
had communed face to face with the eternal
Presence, and whose daily guests in the hovers
of Eden v, ere the angels and ministering.spmts
from lieu v en, looked no higher nor further than
the branches of the tree where the forbidden
fruit banging in fatal splendor promised an
immediate enjoyment and the fulfillment of
immediate desires. And are these mournful
instances in the sad philosophy of human na-
ture to bring us no lesson of warning in the dis-
charge of our present duties? Shall we grasp
the close, proximate pleasure of power and re-
venge in defiance of all the principles of the
Republic, in violation of its Constitution, and in
contempt of all our own deliberate and solemn
committals, with no thought or care for the
future, which will be filled with misery, disaster,
and shame? It may be so. The present is
more powerful here than the past or the future.
The majority in Congress as utterly ignores its
own record of the last four years as if it was
blotted from the memory of man; and to at-
tain an unlawful result would launch the people
of this Government on a future destitute of
constitutional protection.
Mr. Speaker, I shall here rest the discus-
sion of the relation which the southern States
bear to the Federal Government, and their
right to representation in these Halls. It was
one of the very few great questions that arose
dming the war in which both the political par-
ties of the North agreed. The principle that
the Union was unbroken was declared in the
platforms of all the conventions, from the
smallest to the greatest; and now that its de-
nial has become the corner-stone of a new and
aggressive faith I have found.but little difficulty
in showing that the doctrines of the Constitution
and the highest official actions of every depart-
ment of the Government alike invoke us to
resist the bold advances of this baleful and
destructive heresy. There are other points,
however, on which I wish briefly to dwell m con-
nection with my support of the principles enun-
ciated in the annual message of the President.
Second only m importance to the mighty
question of Union and constitutional govern-
ment is the financial policy which, through the
approaching generations of sweat, toil, and pain,
shall govern the tax-payers of this deeply-
indebted nation. Our public debt has assumed
proportions so vast and threatening that think-
ing men shudder in its contemplation. There
would be no profit now in inquiring whether it
might have been less and yet the Union pre-
served. It is a fixed reality, and fastened upon
us beyond the power at least of present rescue.
I have decided opinions which apply to the past,
and which I have expressed, and which I shall
never recall. I now approach the future in
connection with results over which I had no
control, but which none (he less impose duties
incident, to the position which I hold. These
duties I shall discharge wilh not one partisan
or selfish motive, in the interest, of every tax-
payer and every son of labor in the whole land.
Sir, how long can the inequalities of our
present revenue system be borne? How long
will the poor and the laborious pay tribute to the
rich and the idle ? We have two great interests
in this country, one of which has prostrated the
other. The past four years of suffering and
war has been the opportune harvest of the man-
ufacturer. The looms and machine shops of
N ew England and the iron furnaces of Penn-
sylvania have been more prolific of wealth to
their owners than the most dazzling gold mines
of the earth. I might here stop and dwell on
statistics and figures, but the public mind is
already familiar with their startling import.
They are the result of class legislation, of a
monopoly ol" trade established by law. It may
be said that tliey indicate prosperity. Most
certainly they do ; but it is the prosperity of one
who obtains the propeity of his neighbor with-
out any equivalent in return. The present law
of tariff is being rapidly understood. it is no
longer a deception, but rather a well-defined
and clearly-recognized ouirage. The agrieul-
tural labor of the land is driven to the counters i
of the most gigantic monopoly ever before sanc-
! tioned by law. Prom ii s (xorbirant demands
i there is no eseape. The European mumifac-
! turer i,~ forbidden our ports: of trade for fear he
i might m 11 hi-! goods at cheaper rater, and thus
| relieve the bin dens of ihe consumer. We have
I declared by law that (here is but one market
into which our citizens shall go to make their
purchases, and we have left it to the owners of
the market to fix their own prices. The bare
statement of such a principle foreshadows at
once the consequences winch (low fiom it. One
class of citizens, and by far the largest and most
useful, is placed at the mercy, for the necessa-
ries as well as luxuries of life, of the fostered,
favored, and protected class to whose aid the
whole power of the Government is given. Will
not such a privilege be abused? Can avaricious
human nature withstand such a temptation? Is
it any wonder or mystery that the farmer and
the mechanic are paying more than fourfold
the actual value of every article which supplies
their daily wants and necessities?
But it is claimed that this system is a means
of revenue to assist in the payment of the pub-
lic debt. Even if this be true, its iniquity
would be infinitely aggravated. I would rather
bo directly robbed than forced to assume, in
the name of justice and right, the burdens and
obligations of others more able to meet them
than I am. Must the western people, because
they are consumers and not manufacturers,
be compelled by indirection to meet a large
proportion of the debts of their fellow-citizens
in other sections? Sir, this questio^mnst, be
met. It is in the minds and mouths of all our
laboring classes in the West; and they will hail
with general joy the fact that the President has
declared in their favor and against the policy
of their bloated and plethoric oppressors. I
quote from his message :
''Now, in their turn, the property and income of
the country should bear their just proportion of the
burden of taxation, while in our impost system,
tlooup-'i means of which ineicased vitality is inci-
! dentally imparted to all the industrial interests of
the nation, the duties should be so adjusted as to fall
most heavily on articles of luxury, leaving the neces-
sarics of life os tree from taxation os the absolute
wants of the Government, economically administered,
will justify."
It is true that had I the power I would go
further than this position of the Executive.
Free trade with all the markets of the world is
the true theory of government. No nation
should prevent its citizens from buying where
ever their hard earnings will buy most and go
furthest. If a Hottentot can make and sell a
j bolt of cloth, or of muslin, or calico, cheaper
; than a New England Senator, who a few days
since asked for increased protection to his man-
ufactories, [Mr. Spraout:,] it is the right of any
laborer in this broad land to pas.-> by the civil-
ized but rapacious Senator and obtain from the
barbarian a better return for the sweat of his
brow. For revenue I would look to the actual
wealth of the country, and make it contribute
accordingly. But this just and philosophic sys-
tem of trade and government is not n ow within
our reach, and I am content to accept the rec-
ommendation of the President to adjust the
present impost system to the basis of revenue
alone and not of protection. It is a step in the
direction of true and practical reform—a reform
in favor of that mighty branch of industry on
which all nations depend for their wealth and
power. It is a man[y and honest blow aimed
at a monopoly as arrogant, avaiicious. and deaf
to justice as the British East India corporation
under Hastings or Clive. Nor is it any new
doctrine. The people will hail it as a familiar
friend of their former and happier days, and
: indorse it as they did then.
; In close and immediate connection, however,
j with this branch of the met, sago, fhe President
has uttered another sentence on which the eye
j of the toiling, sunburnt tax-payer will linger
| long and gratefully. At the close of the weary
; day, as he counts up his feeble gains, looks.
into the heavy expenses of bis family and his
' farming under high protective tariff prices, Pal(l
! shudders at the thought of the approaching
tax-gatherer, knowing that for him and his hard-
! earned sub-nance there is no escape, he will in
his heart thank the man who as President wrote
the following lines:
"No favored elas= should demand freedom from
a-se-.-anent, and the taxes should be no distributed as
not to fal! unduly on the poor, but rather on the ac-
cumulated wealth of the country."
