1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
the northwest.
The new States of the Northwest, represent-
ing five Trillion people, have added not less than
a half million to their population during the
past five years. Of the tillable lands, but ono
third of the ireais under improvement; yet
t.venty million Lashels of wheat, in granaries
and elevators, are waiting purchasers, and a
hundred million bushcl3 of corn is found in ex-
cess of homo demand. The much prized grain
market in Europe has become of less value than
that of the city of Washington during one ses-
sion of Congress, and the actual export, the last
year was not more than the consumption of
McClellan's army while ditching by the banks
of the Chickahominy. Were railroad and ship-
ping charges reduced to the rates before the
war, four fifths of the surplus grain product
would not pay for transportation to the best
market. Added to other rivals, Russia has just
become a powerful and successful competitor
in the grain markets of Europe. Her people
arc industrious and skillful. Wheat is indige-
nous to a hundred million of her acres which
have just been brought forth from isolation.
The main railroad line connecting Balta and
the great port of Odessa is opened, and the
immense landed estates of the nobles, the in-
terests of sixty million people, and the pride
of the most sagacious ruler of Europe, who
has announced the policy of national protec-
tion, all conspire to establish the conclusion
that a foreign demand for the cereals of the
West is to be determined by blight or famine
prices.
The States of Missouri, Kentucky, and Ten-
nessee, hitherto so largely engaged in pork
raising, promise to reduce the value of that
product to an extent that contracts for the
next year's delivery can bo made at half the
present prices. The almost boundless cattle-
pastures of Arkansas, Texas, and the Indian
I'erritory, which furnished meat for the South
during (he rebellion, we are unable to com-
pete with in a colder climate; and unwilling
to forego schools and society to conform to
their modes of life, have successful competi-
tors. In connection with these facts there is
another of material concern, that simply as
grain raisers, we defy nature in impoverishing
the land, rendering the crops eeitain, and
without the presence of mechanical and man-
ufacturing industry, we must meet freight
charges, commissions, insurance, loss of time
and product, suppoiting not less than sixteen
middlc-meu in the circuit of each exchange
in that sure road to poverty and dependence
which has attended every nation adhering to
such a policy.
I admit the necessity of cheaper outlets; that
there maybe well-founded complaints of extor-
tion ; and am not blinded to the fact that our
prairie States are designated in nature as the
favored seat of agriculture ou this continent;
and the crowding of our granaries to meet the
deinaud occasioned by short crops in other coun-
tries, at remunerative prices, is wise economy.
But such an awaiting for others' calamities
nourishes the spirit of the wreckers on the coast
who arc mo\ed to pray for storms and ship-
wrecks. Such is not the mission of our people.
They ask 110 thrill which is dependent 011 others'
misfortunes, nor a policy of negations, but
rising to the grandeur ofu people founding and
molding the industi ies and policies of the great
central State1! of a continent, they have, in a
measure, the power of determining their own
social and financial destiny. Kor one, 1 accept
the policy of 1 he eontlemnn from Chicago, [Mr.
Wextwos'jH, ] who, in the early days of con-
gressional life, was reputed to have sent to his
constituents tons of free-trade speeches, and
who now writes them :
"We v,:e:t a';';-: eomv.ri Ileine mamifae-
tmvs wi'.t iurn'sh tUis. Iltevji- rou:t and shalt !>e a
j.uuiutar Ui'.'iri'r Srate. If it rciuires legislation to
< -r.1 l! the i":'i . net bf had.
" i h'-n v.'i J our tieni",iii:l 1-■ i,f eui n i;;.
ngaui; t 1'ie. :r:':e:t oombiriatiote. The.i
shall we have home mechanics, happy in their com-
petence, for oar bright exemplars in peace and our
sure defenuers in war. Then shall wc have laborers,
intelligent, respocted. and well paid, glorying in a
country which protects her sons against the pauper
labor of the Old World.'?
Most confidently may the State of Iowa as-
pire to such a destiny. Our national currency
lias caused money to bear a less interest. Her
railway system reaches the motive power of her
noblest rivers, and a rich heritage of coal-ficlds
far exeellingthose of Great Britain, where cheap
bread, homesteads, and healthful breezes wel-
come enterprise, labor, and capital. To these
favoring conditions for prosperity there the
flocks have increased for five years in a ratio
unprecedented, and the manufacturing woolen
capital of the State is doubled in two years, and
under that law of this century which attracts it
to the coal measures we can anticipate greater
success.
And here in a pleasing digression, I would
mention the circumstances of the closing of the
last manufactory of that "stock-on-hand" ar-
ticle in the fourth district of Iowa by the putting
out of the fires of a mammoth distillery in the
city of Oskaloosa, and the future occupancy of
the establishment, remodeled, by woolen ma-
chinery, resting by exhaustless coal deposits,
its influence to be set over against the agents
of social degradation and vice ; esteemed as an
enterprise bringing comfort, wealth, societary
blessings, agricultural development, and the ac-
cepted omen of a higher civilization which like
a beacon lit upon a hill, after diffusing warmth
and blessings around, tinges the distant horizon
with its glow.
Mr. Chairman, there is God's charter in na-
ture for the growth, culture, and power of our
northwestern prairie States. And this is the
era which invites a cultivation of our resources
and the inauguration of a domestic policy
which shall be permanent and promotive of a
diversified industry. The world has 110 such
lakes for commerce, and not a young city has
so proudly, during the ages, sat at the gate of
commerce a, queen as Chicago. Our rivers
have 110 rivals as the great channels of trade,
nor was there ever a plainer designation in
nature that the opulent and now free " Mound
City," almost in the shadow of the mountains
of minerals, shall be the home of ten thousand
sons of Vulcan, to create economical exchanges
which shall mingle the merry lile-cui rents of
enterprise and bring development to our lands
and increased resources by a diversity of labor.
Our soil is unincumbered with forests and
rocks, which have! in the older States taxed for
their removal theenergiesof a generation. In
richness it is only surpassed by the Delta of the
Nile, and is traversed by railways which reach
coal deposits equal to the wants of a dense popu-
lation for untold ages. Each year of war has
advanced our people a decade in moral hero-
ism and intelligent conviction. They will cheer-
fully meet the burden of taxes, but spurn for-
eign machinations and free-trade economists
as alike inimical to the occupancy of their lands
now vacant, their social interests, and an hon-
orable discharge of national obligations.
lie shall be my Gamaliel and political econ-
omist who speaks like Mr. Speaker, [Mr. Col-
fax,] thus:
"Now that the war for the Union hasclosed, Messed
as wo uro with a, nation vabt in its area from occail
to oeean, within the vory Parallels of latitude in which
is found three quarters of tho world's population,
nearly all of its highest phasesof civilization, abound-
ing in alt kinds of mineral wealth, with unequaled
agricultural resources, with boundless water power,
with an industrious population, with American en-
ergy and American enterprise, our future, if our
legislation is wise, will be more brilliant than the
most glorious annals of our past."
In this most critical period of our financial
history, I would cling to our opportunities and
leave nothing to the too late friendship of rival
nations in the forming of treaties and adjust-
ment of tariffs.
Our industry is weary of foreign assaults,
changes, and a blind trusting to nature and
!V.>\ deuce. The plain philosophy of-an inci-
;!. , it .ti history shall be my guide. Itis related
mat at nightfall as Mohammed and his attend-
ants were crossing the desert and weary pre-
pared their camp, a companion—no dtfubt a
lrce-lrade trusl-iii-Providence philosopher —
was overheard to say, "I will loose my camel
and commit him to God." Mohammed, who
shall be my Mentor, ehided his friend,'1 Tie your
camel, and then commit him to God." Clasp
our gifts in nature with our industries and arts
to the people by law, and our financial success
is assured now and for a century.
Mr. KELLE Y obtained the floor, but vield-
ed to
Mr. P. THOMAS, who said: Mr. Chairman,
my attention was attracted to this bill by the fact
that it contains some provisions very materially,
indeed vitally, affecting very large interests of
the district which I represent, and indeed, I may
say, the whole State of Maryland.
Until yesterday I was not aware that such a
bill would be under consideration to-day, and I
have listened to-day with great attention to the
remarks of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, in the hope that he would
show why this measure was to be considered,
as he now states,'' solely with a view to its effect
upon the revenues of the Government.'' During
the last Congress, I listened repeatedly to that
gentleman when the tariff of 1804 was under dis-
cussion ; and I well remember that the tendency
of that bill to bring money into the public Treas-
ury was always considered as secondary to its
main object. That main object, as openly and
unreservedly avowed,'was a legitimate, a pru-
dent, a wise object; for whatever might have
been at one time the true policy of a country like
ours, occupying so immense an area, the day has
gone by when you can consider tho question of
free trade without, taking into view the embar-
rassments which tho existing state of the coun-
try throws around it. Vast interests have grown
up under the system of pro! ection, which would
wither and die under a free-trade policy.
In the last session of Congress, I say, these
gentlemen considered the tarilf of 1801 in its
bearing upon the domestic industry of the
country, and more than once, 1 think, vindi-
cated it even if it were to have tho effect which
some gentlemen then undertook to say it would
have, even if it were to have a tendency to cut
off the revenues of the Government in the shape
of receipts from duties levied 011 foreign com-
merce. Why this wonderful distinction now?
Bituminous coal and lumber were used under
the reciprocity treaty as a means of securing
very groat advantages in navigating 011 the
canals and in transporting on the railroads in
tho Provinces of Canada. Now, when wc were
once morn to have released from the obliga-
tions of the reciprocity treaty the great inter-
ests thus availed of, we thought they were to be
considered as a part of our own domestic in-
dustry, to be treated like our woolen manufac-
tures, our cotton manufactures, and our iron
manufactures; and I did expect to-day to hear
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Moans some reason why we were to legis-
late with a view to protect the manufactures of
New England, New York, and New Jersey, why
we were to consider how far they needed pro-
tection, when wc were to levy duties under the
act to regulate foreign commerce and guard the
profit of capital invested in them, and have no
view to tho policy of protection when wo were
legislating for the great interests wdiich are
essential to the success of these manufactures,
without wdiich they have but little vitality.
I care not how much you may cherish or pro-
tect the railroad interests of tho country, how
much you may clieriih and encourage the iron
interest of the country; I care not how you may
encourage capital employed in the manufacture
of cotton and woolen goods, or the steam navi-
gation ; if you are to neglect altogether tho great
coal mines 011 the Atlantic front, if you are not
to encourage their development, how are you
to place the pursuits or employments named
beyond the reach of foreign confiscation ? \\ hat
would become of our steam marine in the event
of a foreign war if you are dependent 011 the
Pictou coal of Nova Scotia to put yoar machin-
ery in motion ? What becomes of your vast
system of railroads here on the Atlantic front
if you are not in some degree to have at hand
the bituminous coalof the Alleghany mountains?
