4098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
serve. I refer to the ease of General Thomas,
anofficerof our Army, who, like General Stone,
has been fighting for us all through the war.
He was the owner of brick-yards across the
river here, in Fairfax county. His brick-yards
and bricks were used -in constructing buildings
for the shelter of the soldiers. Other property
belonging to him was also taken for the use of
the Army. -This gentleman is not only loyal
to the Government, but he fought for it as' an
officer of the Army till the end of the war, and
is perhaps not yet mustered out. But under
this general rule to consider none of these cases
that among others has been ruled out. I am
not saying—far be it from me to say it—this
is not a just and fair demand on our Govern-
ment. I am not saying it ought not at some
future time, if not now, to be fairly met and
paid.
I go further. I opposed that resolution
passed by the House instructing the Commit-
tee of Claims to entertain none of these cases.
I tried to get an amendment to the resolution
that property actually taken or destroyed or
used in any way for the public service and for
the advancement, of our armies in fighting
against the rebellion should be made at least
exceptional. 1 did not succeed. I submitted
to the judgment of the House ; I submitted to
the resolution; I submitted reluctantly. I think
this and like cases should be paid; but so long
as you have made a general rule, and refused
to pay such eases as a class, I will be opposed
forever, while you maintain that law, and will
therefore vote to strike out this appropriation,
no matter how meritorious the officer who gets
in in some back door-way, while others are
refused and driven away.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How long are we to
regard the House as being bound by that reso-
lution that claimants shall not come to Con-
Mr.'sOlIKNCIC. Until they repeal it. While
this Congress at this session has made that rule,
and your committee, as the chairman of the
committee tells you, are fairly adhering to that
rule, 1 do not think it proper, finding it has no
chance before that committee, to take a case
of that character from that committee and
send it to a committee to which it does not
belong, to get in indirectly that which the
House says shall not be done directly.
Mr. KHLUiY. The gentleman from Ohio
says if this were a case of sympathy he would
vote for it; and his colleague, the chairman of
the Committee of Claims, says it was excluded
from their consideration by coming within the
rule. I think they are both mistaken. I think
it is a claim which, if they had considered the
facts, they would have found not to be ex-
eluded by the rule of the House. General
Stone does not come here and ask compensa-
tion for loss caused by act of war by taking
down his house in order to have fair range of
the enemy. His house was torn down when
our troops were in possession of Memphis, and
they took the bricks for the purposes they
needed. The case of the claimant from Pa-
ductih is entirely different. It was clearly in
the held of battle. It was a territory about to
be fought for.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman does not say that
Paducah was not in possession of our troops.
Mr. KELLEY. Our troops were not in
peaceful possession if they had to remove the
building near to them for the purpose of hav-
ing range of the enemy.
When I first saw General Stone he was
hanging, a mere skeleton on crutches, from his
thud wound received in our service. He had
the larger part of his properly within the in-
surrectionary lines. Ho had chosen his lot.
He had become captain of a company which
he had raised and boated down to Pittsburg.
Ho had become colonel and then general.
There he hung upon his crutches, I say, a
mere skeleton. Had he not been in the ser-
vice of the country his claim would have been
paid by the quartermaster's department or re-
ceived a certificate. He simply asks to be paid
in accordance with the vote this morning in
reference to an Iowa soldier, where payment
was withheld because he was physically unable
from wounds to be present to demand his pay.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
- So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that they had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 791, to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1866, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move when the House
resolves itself again into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union that general
debate be terminated in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill again.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole ou the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. Ii. No. 791) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for other
purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee on Appro-
priations found referred to it, by order of the
House, the claim of this officer. We supposed
that it was our duty to dispose of it, and we saw
no reason why wo should not dispose of it as
we did. We do not propose to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Scuexck] whether it has
come in at the back or the front door when
this House sends it to us. We hold that we
understand and know when we have a right to
act upon a thing sent to us, as well as the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
So much for that. We took this claim and we
recommended considerably less than one eighth
part of it. That was all that we suppose came
within the rules. As regards the rule which
was adoj^ted at the commencement of this ses-
sion, on the report of the Committee of Claims,
it does not touch this case. That rule is as
follows:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, the Com-
mittee of Claims be instructed to reject all claims
referred to it for examination by citizens of any of
the States lately in rebellion growing out of the de-
struction or appropriation or damage of property
by the Army or Navy engaged in suppressing the
rebellion.
That rule, I say. does not touch the case of
General Stone. He never was a citizen of a
rebel Slate. He was a citizen of Pennsylva-
nia, and remained so. He was in the rebel
States only as an officer of the Army. He came,
therefore, within the rule, and we, in pursuance
of what was eonsiderered as most overpowering
justice, reported in his favor. We violated no
rule. I have no respect for that resolution of
the Committee of Claims. I look upon it as
a most cruel and unjust rule to say thatcitizens
of the United States who have lost their prop-
erty by its being taken by the Army of the
United States from military necessity under an
order of a United States officer shall not be
paid because we are embarrassed. It is as
much as to say, because we have not just as
much money as we can appropriate to pay every-
body now, we will rob them. It is nothing
more. I thought so at the time that resolution
was passed—though it does not reach this case
—and I think so still. It does notbind us, and
when I come to vote I shall pay no regard to
such a rule. If we cannot pay thein let us give
them certificates of indebtedness or bonds, and
not cut off all these people because of this rule
of the Committee of Claims. I say again, I
look upon it as the most rank injustice, as
wronging the most meritorious, suffering classes
of the people of the United States. I scorn
the principle contained in that resolution, al-
though I have great respect for the committee
that reported it, and never when I am called
upon to act will I act in aeeordance with it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK.. I simply wish to say this
in response to the-gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. Everybody knows how petitions are pre-
sented here. They are presented by individual
members and referred to any committee the
member chooses to indorse upon them. And
everybody knows that when a committee finds
that a subject has been referred to it which
does not properly belong to the matters which,
under the rule, should go to that committee, it
is usual to report it back and ask to be dis-
charged from its consideration, and that it be
sent to the appropriate committee. Every-
body knows, therefore, that it would have been
the most natural thing in the world for the
Committee on Appropriations, finding a claim
of this kind before them, to have reported it
back and asked to have it referred to the
appropriate committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the motion to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. I mopro forma to strike
out "twelve" and insert "one." This appro-
priation to pay the claim of Roy Stone is very
like some items introduced into an appropria-
tion bill here two years ago, containing pro-
visions for the payment of private claims, when
the House most emphatically set the seal of
its condemnation upon that practice. A ques-
tion of order was successfully made, and they
were ruled out of order. Another member of
the Committee of Ways and Means reported
the same bill with the same items, or nearly
the same, in it, and so indignant was the House
at the attempt to ingraft on an appropriation
bill items that ought to be considered by the
Committee of Claims that they immediately,
at the very first opportunity in Committee of the
Whole, struck out the enacting clause of the
bill. So much for the practice.
Now, in relation to the substance of this ap-
propriation, if we shall once set the example,
I warn the House that it will take several hun-
dred million dollars to pay off these claims.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania holds, not
only that those actually in arms, but the entire
South were alien enemies and must accept the
consequences of their position in accordance
with the principle which he lays down. Now,
if we are to consider losses of Union men, how-
ever much our sympathy may be excited, I say
that it will be utterly impo,|gible for us to get
along with the present arrangement for taxa-
tion. We shall immediately have to provide
means for an increase of revenue if we shall
onee commence paying off these claims, and
I doubt whether, with all our means, we can
afford to assume the responsibility of paying
the vast sums of damages done by our armies
in the South, and for which this would justly be
cited_as a precedent. I hope, therefore, the
motion to strike out will not prevail.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations, that
this is not par excellence and was not treated
as a Pennsylvania claim. Neither was the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Stevexs] at
first in favor it. To my knowledge he voted
to refer it-back to the Committee of Claims;
but at the instance of myself, or of the mem-
ber from Illinois, that vote was reconsidered,
and we then decided to act upon the claim
ourselves, because the House had told us to do
so. That is the whole sum of it. It was done
in defiance of the intimation of the chairman
of the committee. But when we had recon-
sidered it, and when we had agreed to put this
claim in the appropriation bill, the chairman
agreed with us in regard to the expediency of
providing for the payment of this claim.
Now, sir, so far as regards the rule of the
House, adopted at the instance of the Com-
mittee of Claims, I apprehend that the rules
are intended for the government of the com-
mittee. At all events, I was one of the minor-
