I 1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Sir, is there a favored class in our midst that
demands freedom from assessment? Are there
those who, at such a time as this, demand that
their property shall be exempted from the bur-
dens of taxation? Are there American citizens,
who boast loudest of their love of country, who
will pay nothing to relieve it from debt? Is
there au honest man in America who wishes his
neighbor to pay his taxes as •well as his own?
Where is the "accumulated wealth of the
country." which shirks its just responsibility
and suffers the (axes to "fall unduly on the
poor?'' Where is this criminal delinquent which
grinds the face of poverty and absorbs the
widow's mite, in order that it may escape its
own just dues and increase its hoarded gains ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH. 1 move that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] have his time
extended to enable him 1 o conclude his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. YOORHEES. • I return to the House
my acknowledgments for the favor they have
extended to me.
Sir, more than one tenth of the taxable prop-
erty of the United States demands and has ob-
tained in the hands of a favored class freedom
from assessment. The enormous capitalist who
has invested all his means in the bonds of the
Government thus relieves the principal of his
vast estate from taxation. He feels no concern
for the movements of the tax-gatherer except
as he goes forth and returns to him with the
interest on his bonds, which the bands of honest
toil pour into his coffers. Is this "equal and
exact justice to all men, and exclusive privi-
leges to none?'' It is claimed, however, by
the friends of this moneyed monopoly that the
bonds of the Government are a sacrcd obliga-
tion and must not be touched; that they were
purchased by their present holders out of pure
patriotism, and that their freedom from assess-
ment is but a proper token of the nation's grat-
itude. Patriotism was said by the great Dr.
Johnson to be the last refuge of a scoundrel. It
is now made the refuge of wealthy non-tax-
payers, who convert their taxable property into
Government securities, in order to evade their
honest obligations. The idea that they have
made these purchases fiom other than the oidi-
nary moli\e of pecuniary profit only provokes
contempt. They bought at a heavy discount,
owing to the condition of the currency. They
paid about fifty ceuts on the dollar, and now
hold them at par, aud receive interest at their
face.
But it is said that when these bonds were
thrown upon the market tliere was a guarantee
that they should not be taxed. Is an act of
Congress at the last session a guarantee that
another and a different one on the same subject
will not bo passed at this? Do wo live in the
days of the Modes and Persians, when it was
an offense punishable with death to propose to^
change a law once enacted ? Does any man of
sense predicate his business transactions on
such a theory ? Did the capitalists who are now
to be so tenderly relieved from taxation make
their investments innocently supposing that an
everlasting perpetuity attached to the legislation
of this most versatile, fluctuating, and change-
able body? If they did, it is very wonderful
how men of so little intelligence could have so
much money. No, sir, they calculated all the
risks of profit and loss, and every contingency
of the future, as closely as Shylock did on the
Rialto. assured in any event thattheir ventures
would come home to thorn like richly freighted
argosies after a prosperous voyage at sea; still
better pleased, however, if {hey could have
judgment forever on the inhuman bond which
gives them freedom fiom assessment and exacts
in their favor the pound of flesh nearest the
heart of the toiling multitude.
I have listened to appeals in favor of this
class, on account of their timely and self-sacri-
ficing services, until I have almost imagined
that we dwelt in a new xVrcadia, where such a
thing as self-interest was unknown.^ They
loaned moneys on good securities and high rates
of usance, and therefore the dusty, weary plow-
man in the field must pay their taxes for them,
and be thankful to God for so sweet a privilege!
Ycs, and even the soldier, crippled in the shock
of battle, with the old flag over his head, return-
ing home to find poverty and want at his hearth-
stone, must hear these speculators of Wall
street hailed as the saviors of the country; and
likewise without a murmur scuffle hard with
the world, perhaps on crutches, to pay their
debts as well as his own. The nation's grati-
tude takes a strange turn at this point. It lav-
ishes its gifts, its garlands, and its favors on
the money-changers of the temple, and causes
the defenders of the Government at the can-
non's mouth to pay tribute to their monstrous
greed. Sir, there are few parallels in the wide
annals of all the nations of the earth to such
frightful injustice and inequality; and wherever
they are found the people have been at last
avenged upon their extortionate oppressors.
The patricians of Rome, an aristocracy founded
upon wealth, at different periods ground the
plebeians, who labored at home and bore arms
in the field, with debt and unequal taxation;
but there was always a point at which the ele-
ments of revolution darkened the sky, and the
privileged classes were compelled to yield to
the untitled millions. State and Church in
France had for ages loaded their favorites
and parasites with riches and honors, and
the peasantry with burdens, until the frenzied
insanity of 1790 burst forth, and the whole
fabric of government and of human society
was involved in one common conflagration
and ruin. Sir, there is but one pathway of
safety and honor for Governments to pursue
in their domestic policy. They must admin-
ister justice to their citizens in the spirit and
the letter of equality; and there is no instance
in the history of nations where class legisla-
tion and legalized monopolies have not over-
thrown the prosperity of every interest, and
destroyed public liberty. L therefore indorse
the policy of tile President's annual message on
this great and vital question. Sprung fiom the
loins of the people, they willgieelhim as their
champion, llis life has been a battle in their
behalf against privilege and oppression, and he
has shown thai in his proud eminence he has
not lost for lhem his ancient lovo and care.
Declamation on the dignity of labor in the ab-
stract is a cheap indulgence. We listened to it
a few evenings since in this Hall, from tlieelo
quent lips of one whose soft hand never did an
hour's toil, aud who preaches a fashionable
gospel at ton thousand a year. But labor finds
its true dignity when its rights and interests
are defended in high places by one who has felt
ail its privations and sufferings, and knows by
experience ■''the simple annals of the poor."
Let the public debt be paid, but let it be paid
honestly and by all. I advocate no repudia-
tion, but I advocate equality in striving to meet
its terrible demands. Its exactions will be suf-
ficiently sore even when the whole wealth of
the land is brought to the receipt of custom.
It will bo more intolerable than the require-
ments which the Egyptian masters laid upon
their Hebrew slaves, if only a portion of the
people have to meet it all. I implore this Con-
gress, then, to accept these wise lecommcnda-
tionsofthe Executive. Adjust thcpresc.nttariff
so that the whole labor of the country shall no
longer be taxed on the necessaries of life for
the benefit of a single section, liepealtlielaw
by which a favored class obtains freedom from
assessment. Bring the accumulated wealth of
the couutvv to the aid of the poor in paying the
national debt. Do these tilings, and you will
lift cniel aud galling burdens from the shoulders
j of honest labor, anil convince the countiy thai
! you have some regard for an equality of rights
j and privileges among American citizens as well
! us between the different races in our midst.
! Mr. Speaker, 1 have thus far reviewed and
discussed, as I understand them, the leading
features of the domestic policy of the Execu-
tive. The success of some portions of this pol-
icy remains wholly with the future. Upon the
leading measure, "however, of a restoration of
the States to union and harmony, an important
chapter in history has already been •written,-
Hasit been a success or a failure? I have tried
it by the high standards of right, justice; con-
stitutional law, and precedent. I submititnow
to another test, on which it is bitterly assailed
by those who yet -claim to be the only friends
o"f the Administration. Those who perform
their duties of friendship toward the President
by malignant denunciations of his policy are
now engaged in impressing the public mind
with the belief that he has accomplished noth-
ing worthy of acceptance by the people. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's]
pronounces his plan of restoration impracti-
cable and untenable. He not only speaks for
himself on this point, but also for everybody
else. He says that "very few now consider"
the administrative position a tenable one. An
arrogant Senator in the other end of the Capi-
tol pronounces the whole thing a fraud, a white-
washing process, by which sins and crimes are
connived at and hid from the public gaze. Ad-
venturous members of this House have crowded
themselves into the presence of the Executive,
and with exquisite delicacy assured him that,
with their constituencies, they think his plan of
restoration not likely to give success to his ad-
ministration, and that, after an uninterrupted
trial of seven months, his efforts to reorganize
the rebel States and restore them to the Union
must be rccognized as a failure. Then with
profuse protestations of true friendship they
modestly ask him to step quietly to one side,
not to lift a finger of interference, not open his
lips in remonstrance, while they smash to pieces
all his well-ordered plans, and kick to the ground
with their Vandal feet his almost completed
structure of Union and peace.
Sir, this class of dissatisfied spirits is to be
found in every age. It is composed of boding
birds of evil omen. It is their mission to de-
stroy, not to build up. The borer in the trees of
the forest, the worm in the heart of the flower,
the wolf in the farmer's sliccpfold, the tiger in
the traveler's encampment by niglit, all pursue
their trade of destruction and mark their careei
with ruin. But no useful thing ever grew from
their labors. And like these beings in the
animal world, created to destroy, so there.are
unhappy members of the human family, wiio
never beheld the fair and beautiful creation of
another's wisdom without an irresistible long-
ing to strew the earth with its broken fragments.
To them I make no appeal in behalf of thai
policy which has cleared away the wreck of a
gigantic fraternal war, laid anew the founda-
tions of government throughout an extent or
country more vast than the most, powerful king-
doms of Europe, revived confidence and hope
in the breasts of a despairing people, and won
for its author the respect and admiration of the
civilized nations of both hemispheies. I make
my appeal to the disinterested, impartial, and
enlightened masses of the country, without re-
gard to lines of party distinction. They_ have
witnessed the pal ient labors of the President,
and since this Congress convened they have
beheld their grand fulfillment. Those wander-
ing stars from the azure field of the flag, those
discontented Pleiades that shot madly froir
thcir spheres, have one by one reillumed then
rays at, the great center of light ami of glory
The whole land wept when the beautiful sister
hood was broken. The wail of the heart-broker,
over the pallid face of the beloved aud untimvly
i dead is not more full of anguish than were the
! hearts of those who love their fellow-man wher.
1 man? of our most brilliant planets denied the
law of gravitation and struck defiantly out upor.
| orbits of their own. '1 he sword that was drawr
| by all Christian hands, more in sorrow than it
: anger, hangs peacefully in its scabbard on the
' wall. Each section has its reminiscences of
sublime devotion, of grief, and of glory. These
| are the brave heart's dearest treasure, and until
"The trood knights arc dust"
they will be hallowed as the devotee hallows
the rites otitis religion. Butpeaccunder thepol-
icy of the Executive is celebrating' 'her victories
noless tciiowned than war." The shiningsym-
bols of the revolted race are over our heads.
