1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
they tell the story with an emphasis exceeding,
perhaps, anything I could say. They show that
under that reciprocity treaty every inducement
was offered to our people to emigrate and carry
their capital with them, and seek for profitable
employment under a treaty we have abrogated,
and will, I hope, admonish the House not to
pass a bill which, if it becomes a law, must in
like manner diminish our wealth and popula-
tion.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Report of the Inspector of Mine# of the Province of
Novct Scotia.
Crown Land Office, February 3,1864.
The largo amount of capital already expended
within the Province by enterprising individuals from
the United States has operated beneficially in a vari-
ety of ways, independent of their mining operations.
Ibelievc that the presentycar will eoualall former
ones in the advancement of oorininini? interests; and
as roprnrds the d< immd for various Qualities of coal
we possess, we have the influence and cooperation of
those residing in the United States in the necessary
efforts to provide a ready market for the supply.
Report of the Chief Commissioner of Mino* for the
Province of Nova Scotia for the year 18G4.
Dnp vrtment or Minks,
Halifax, Dcrc.mber 12,1864.
I am happy to bo able to furnish a report of the
recent growth and present prosperity of the mining
interests of Isova Scotia, which I cannot but tlnnk
will pvovc satisfactory a-s a review of the past, while
it. clearly indicates a large and prosperous extension
of those interests during the tuture.
On reference to the c ompurntive .statement, (appen-
dix <*,) ilwill be seen that the year's operations show
a considerable increase over IHO.iin the <|iiantityot
con! mined.# NotwUh^atidin;; th.it llu re was a. laij.ee
lull mi? oil' in the product of the mines at Sidnev,
owinix to a strike, 38tUwil( have shown an increase
of about (weniy-lour per cent, over ISO.! in the prod-
net e-f <mreoal mines. I can safely venture to pre-
dict that (he operations onNCpwiUshown much lancer
proportionate increase. A lance amount of foreign
capital is being iuduccd into the Province It) be ex-
pended in thedevelopmcnf of these mines. Owiiurto
thisfaet, to the keen and widely-extended activity
with which explorations havobeen ami are still beinR-
carried on, and to the,groat success which lias attended
them, I confidently predict that (he ineomim!: year
will exhibit a( greatly increased activity in this do-
part men } of Nov a- Scot ui induct) \, and a eon c>pond~
niK increase hot h uf i In- pi odiii-N of our mines and of
the rev .Mine winch they will yield to I he piov iueial
treasury.
Mr. K. THOMAS. Lot me for n moment
advert to some fads with which members of th<>
House may not bo familiar, and 1 will conclude.
The owners of the coal mines of Nova Scotia
have to employ land transportation for only
about, six miles, ami then they reach navigable
waters. The lar^e mine is about six miles, and
I think some of the other mines are even less.
(J(M)llemen know enough of the geography
of our own country to know thai the coal mines
of the Alleghany mountains in Maryland are
nearly two hundred miles fi om lido water, either
by way of the canal or the railroad. And f
suppose (ho coal mines of the Broad Top region
of Pennsylvania, where coal similar io that of
the Alleghany mountains of'Maryland is found
in large quantity, are twit hundred miles from
the sea-board.
Now, it is only necessary for gentlemen to
reeail to mind the very heavy excise duties
which are imposed upon everything used in
the transportation of coal to the market.. In
the first instance, the Government derives a
very large amount from taxing the net profits
of the railroad companies. Tluui, upon every
item of their machinery they must pay a high
tax. TItev will therefote readily see that the
protection which ! .-.bun claim under the taiiff
of and that is all fh.tl we .shall ask, is
very fai short of the mere difference in the
cost of transporting coal from the Alleghany
mines to the sea-board, and transporting coal
from the mines of Nova Scotia lo navigable
waters. And when you take into considera-
tion the cost of transportation, enhanced very
largely by our excise laws, it will be seen that
at least $1 25 is spent for hind transportation
upon every ton of eoal that is taken from our
mines to the sea-board more than that which
conies from Nova Scotia.
[^conclusion, [ mo< e to amend this bill by
striking out the following from the first sec-
tion of the bill:
• ®«? bituminous coal, fifty cents per ton of twenty-
eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel; on all
other coal, twenty-dive cents per ton of twenty-eight
bushels, eighty pounds to thebushel; on coke and culm
of coal, ten per ccnt. ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. Th'e bill is not now being
read for amendment.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I concur in that opinion.
I moved the amendment at this time at the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] However, 1 give notice that
at the proper time I will propose the amend-
ment 1 have indicated.
Mr. ICELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. MOHRILL. Will the gentleman give
way to allow me to move that the committee
now rise? I suppose he is not very desirous
to proceed with his remarks to-day.
Mr. KELLEY". I will yield for that pur-
pose, if such is the desire of the House.
Mr. MO LIR1LL. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Raymond re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. t>37, regulating trade with the
British North American possessions, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
mfosfuoh from the sknatk.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
poxald, its Chief Cieik, announced to the
House that 1-he Senate had passed a joint
resolution (H. H. No. 17) giving the consent
of Congress to the transfer of the counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson to the Stale nf West
Virginia, with an amendment, in which lie
was directed to request the concurrence of the
House.
niLITISH AMERICAN TRADE AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume that most of
the general debate upon the bill just reported
from the Committee of the Whole has been
concluded. 1 therefore move that when the
ronsideration of that bill shall be again re-
sumed m Committee of the Whole, all general
debate shall be closed in an hour. That will
give the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kkm.ky] an opportunity to make his remarks;
and then the five-minute rule will apply.
Mr. DRKUitt I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Moiuuu/j that this is a bill affecting many
interests of llie entire northern portion of the
country, and therefore I hope the gentleman
will allow more time for general discussion
than "will be required by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Sir. Kkij.ky] for bus remarks.
Mr. MOSiiMLL. The debate would be
entirely unlimited, subject to the live-minute
rule. 1 merely desire that we shall make as
i much progress as possible, in order to finish
the bill to-morrow.
Mr. DUICCS. 1 hope that two houis, in-
stead of one, will be allowed for general de-
bate. Several other gentlemen, whose names
have not been mentioned, desire to speak.
Mr. MORRILL. T withdraw my motion for
the present, as 1 see that the House is not full.
clerk to pacific kailrovd c0.um1ttkk.
Mr. PRICE. ] ask unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read
for information, after which the Chair will ask
for objections.
The report, which was read, states, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the House in refer-
ence to clerks of committees, that the Commit-
tee on the Paciiic Railroad has never had a
: clerk, the clerical work having heretofore been
j performed by a member of the committee : that
: the present accumulation of work renders it im-
! possible for the work to be done hereafter in
1 the same way. Hence the committee submit
i the following resolution :
! Jicftol\)ccl, That the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
i road bo allowed a clerk tor tho next ninety days, at
| the same compensation as is allowed to clerks o"f sim-
• ilar committees.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that the instruction embraced in
the resolution adopted by the House extended
only to those committees that have clerks, and
not to committees that have not clerks.
The SPEAKER. If that is the case, the
gentleman from Iowa has not the right to make
the report.
Mr. PRICE. The committee certainly are
not to blame for making the report, as the res-
olution was sent to them and they naturally
supposed that a report was expected from them.
Mr. THAYER. I Insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. "WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented undor
the rule and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BOUTWELL: Tho petition of tho Brighton
Savings "Bank, Lowell Five-Cent Savings Bank, Me-
chanics' Savings Bank, Lowell, Massachusetts, all for
a reduction of tho tax on savings banks.
By Mr. BIl ADFORD: The mcmori al of the Legisla-
ture of Colorado, asking for an appropriation to aid
in tho erection of public buildings in Colorado.
By Mi. DRKKjS: Joint resolutions of tho Legisla-
ture of tho State of Wisconsin, in favor of an addi-
tional appropriation of public land to aid m com-
pleting a sliip-oanal at Portage Lake, Lake Superior,
Michigan.
By Mr. PERRY: The protest of numerous manu-
facturers of and dealers in stationery of Michigan,
against tho passage of a law authorizing tho Post-
mustortroneral to sellstnmped envelopes at the value
of the stamps impressed thereon.
By Mr. iLYYKS: Tho memuiialofRobcitCi. Mitch-
ell, as to tax on red oil.
By Mr. 1LUBBARD, of Iowa: Tho petition of
eiti'/ens of the sixth congressional district of-Iowa,
lel.iting to tho Dubuque and Hionx City railrond,
i'y Mr. KETOHAM: The petition of N. (liidley,
and others, of Dutchess county, New York, tor Mich
amendments of the present tariff laws will more
effectually protect Americnn labor.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of A. H. Markland,
for compensation for house destroyed in Paducah,
Kentucky.
AKo, tho memorial of manufacturers of Catlctts-
Jjure, Kentucky, in regard to the mode of paying
internal revenue tax.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 168 mechan-
ics and laborers in manufacturing establishments
in Danville, Montourcounty, Pennsylvania, praying
that tho tariff may be so amonded as to protect their
labor to tho extent of tho difference of the cost of
capital and labor here and abroad, with the addition
of the taxes paid by Auiencan industrial products
from which tho foreign nro free.
Also, the petition of Blood & Co. and C. II. Pierce,
of Athens, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, manufac-
ture!^ of harvesters and other agricultural imple-
ments, praying for the passage of a law which will
allow them in making returns to deduct the value
of anv and all parts of f«uch machine, which liavo
already paid a tax, pai ficnlai ly where such parts have
been specially made lor and adapted ro tho Fame.
I3v Mr. PAINE: The memorial of the Legislature
of Wisconsin, recommending the construction of a
ship-canal from Lake Supenor to Portage Lake.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of cittKcms ot Iowa,
asking for change of tax on the manufacture of agri-
cultural implements.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
officers ot the Eliot Savings Bank, Roxbury, Massa-
chusetts for exemption from tax on deposits in that
institution:
Also, of the officers of the Roxbury Institution for
Savings, for the same.
NOTICE OF A BTLL.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
win given under the rule:
By Mr. JULIAN: A bill fixing eight hours as a
day's work for all laborers employed under the au-
thority of tho Government of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 7, 1806.
Prayer by Rev. M. J. Gonzales, late chap-
lain United States Army.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
r.XHOTJTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT $>ro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant,
information in relation to the construction of
a magnetic telegraph line from New Orleans ts
