3140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,'
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Vcr-
mont.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 13., 18G6.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to move that a
substitute which I propose to offer for the bill
(H. R. No. 543) to restore to the Stales lately
in insurrection their full political rights, be
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. SIIELLABARGER in-
definite leave of absence was granted to Mr.
Lawuexce, of Ohio, who was called home by
the death of his father.
jonathan ball.
Mr. MYERS. I move that, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 550 for
the relief of Jonathan Hall.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
'The bill was read. It authorizes and em-
powers the Commissioner of Patents to pro-
ceed upon, determine, and decide the applica-
tion of Jonathan Ball for the extension of
his patent for "an improved mode of coating
the inteiior side of metallic water-pipes with
livdi anlic cement,'' the same as though the said
patent, had not been extended once already;
and to examine the said application and de
eide upon the same on the, same evidence and
in the same manner as in other cases where
extensions of patents are applied for under
existing laws, and without regard to the time
when said application is made ; provided that
nothing herein cnnlavncd shall he so construed
as to hold responsible any persons who may
have made or used said invention between the
expiration of the patent anil the approval of
this act.
Mr. MYURS. Mr. Speaker, the report in
this ease is very full, but as it would lake
some time to read it, and as the committee
were unanimous in favor of the report,, 1 will
briefly state the points involved. It, is no dis-
paragement to any other ease to say that this
application is more meritorious than any of
its class upon which the committee have acted.
The patent, is for lining metallic pipes with
hydraulic cement so as to prevent the corro-
sion and incrustation, which take placcwith the
old iron water-pipes. The committee had pro-
duced before, it some of this patented pipe,
which had lain in the ground for thirteen years,
in the same condition a  when laid down, while
we had evidence that the old cast-iron pipe in
u-e until latterly was found when taken up after
a few years only to be almost destroyed with
rust,.
It further appeared to the committee that
until lately the inventor had little profit from
his patent. His pipe had to lie for years before
its merit could be tested, and so great, was-the
prejudice in favor of the old iron pipes that,
bonds were compelled to be given running from
five and twenty years against any loss by the use
of this patented'pipe. The committee think as
the inventor has been in reality a great public
benefactor, this extension should bo granted.
It will inure solely to his use. It was agreed
to unanimously by the committee, and if there
be no opposition, I shall demand the pre\ious
question.
Mr. UPSON. How long is the extension to
run ?
Mr. M YERS. It is for the usual extension.
At the last session of Congress the Senate
passed a bill granting this extension. It came
here and only failed for want of time at, the
close of the session. The application was duly
made before the patent had expired. The
patent has now expired, and there is a proviso
in the hill that no parties using it since the
expiration are to be held responsible on that
account.
Mr. UPSON. Is the only ground for grant-
ing a renewal of the patent that the inventor
has made no money out of the invention?
Mr. MYERS. That is the chief reason.
The public could not be induced at first to use
this invention, and the patentee did not get the
benefit of it for years. If I may use an ex-
pression which may appear contradictory, the
advantages of the patent were necessarily "la-
tent," hidden under ground for a long time.
It could not be tested without so remaining for
years ; and we find not only that the inventor
was poorly paid, but the invention was really
valuable. Many public corpotations have so
certified, and there seems to be a general de-
sire among them that the extension shall be
granted.
Mr. UPSON. Has not one extension been
already granted?
Mr. MYERS. By the Patent Office? Yes;
and this is a congressional extension.
Mr. UPSON. It has already run fostwenty-
one years?
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir. _
Mr. DAWES. This bill is an old acquaint-
ance of ours. 1 undei stood my friend from
Penns)lvania to say that this bill was lost in
this House last year for want of time.
Jlr. MYERS. I said it passed the Senate at
the last session, came to this House and was
reported unanimously by the Committee on
Patents, and we only failed to take it up at the
close of the session for want of time.
Mr. DAWES. My friend must have been
absent from the House at, the time the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jencker] re-
ported the Senate bill and proposed to put it
on its passage, for after fair discussion of its
merits the only reason it failed was because the
majority of the llouse came to the conclusion,
after the (latent had been in existence for twenty-
one years and after the patentee and those
holding under him—as I happen to know those
holding under the patentee have, although I do
not know about the patentee—have made larcre
fin-tunes, no further extension should bo
granted. The company have laid up eighty-
five per cent, of their capital. I happen to
know that, because 1 took an interest in it.
1 wish the House would settle upon some
policy in reference to patents. This patent ha-s
run twentyrone years. It has been eminently
a profitable one to those who have owned it
or controlled it during the life of the patent.
It is a patent that has been abtmdantly profit-
able, and I state upon information entirely re-
liable that notwithstanding the large dividends
declared every year to the stockholders for
many years, at, the close of the last session,
when the patent expired, and Congress failed
to renew it after twenty-one years, tlicy had a
surplus of eighty-five per cent, of their entire
capital.
Now, tho invention has been open to the
public for more than a year, and since that time
the public has largely entered into the manu-
facture of this article. Large business inter-
ests have sprung up under it, and it is proposed
now by action of Congress to give a further
extension to this patent, another life to this
monopoly. 1 think if gentlemen will consider
the nature of this application, and the policy
that they are about to adopt, tlicy will hesitate
before they extend this patent.
Parlies who have gone on and invested their
capital in the manufacture of the kind of article
heretofore protected by this patent have had
no notice that these parties would apply again
to this Congress for an extension, afterahear-
ij ing in the last Congress, before the expiration
! of the patint, and after it had been opened to
!! the public by operation of law to everyone to
enter fully into the manufacture of the article.
So far as I know, and so far as my constituents
who are interested or have been for a long
time engaged in the manufacture of this article
are concerned, this is the first notice they have
had of this application; and it is only by acci-
dent that 1 caught the name of the party a few-
moments ago.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
says that tho rights of all these parties are
secured by a saving clause in this bill. How
are theji saved ? Is it proposed that all who
have undertaken this business can go on here-
after freely to manufacture this article without
the restraint of this patent; or is it proposed
that what they have manufactured up to this
time they may sell, but that hereafter they
must either close their business and stop their
work, or pay a royalty to tho owners of the
patent? If the former, then there is to be a pat-
ent reissued here which will be of no value to
anybody. Everybody can freely manufacture
without a royalty to anybody, side by side
with the owners of the patent and of course
it becomes of no valne. If the latter, if the
saving clause is to extend merely to what has
been done in the interim, then it closes up
workshops all over the country, or else com-
pels parties to pay such royalty to the owners
of the patent as their cupidity may require.
Now, I trust that the House will hesitate
before it passes this bill. This Congress, within
my experience, is tho first Congress that ever
extended beyond twenty-one years a patent, or
authorized the Commissioner of Patents to ex-
tend a patent. And when a few days since I
tried to call the attention of the House to a case
of this kind, I was surprised to see with what
ease and with what apparent, indifference the
House passed the bill, and established, so f$r
as they could in this manner, the precedent of
extending these patents, not only for the term
allowed by law of twenty-one years, but beyond
that time.
Largo interests are being affected, not so
much, perhaps, by the extension of such a
patent as this, but by the precedents that are
put forward here at this time to pave the way
tor very much larger interests to bo trammeled
and crippled by the extension of patents in this
way, and I trust the House will not pass this
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, we are not
yet in the morning hour, 1 believe.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not.
yet commenced.
Mr. STEVENS. A notice has been given
that immediately after the morning hour the
amendment to the Constitution would be taken
up. I am very sorry that my colleague lias
introduced this bill before the morning hour.
If that hour had commenced running L would
have no objection. I now move that the fur-
ther consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow in order that the morning hour
may commence, so that after its expiration we
may take up the constitutional amendment.
Mr. WARD. I would inquire if this bill will
be tho special order for to-morrow after the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be made the
special order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. MYERS. Before the vote is taken upon
the motion to postpone I would inquire of the
Chair in what position this bill will be placed
if postponed, and when it will come up.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Chair to state when the bill will come up.
Mr. WARD. I think if this bill be postponed
to accommodate other business it should be
made the special order for some fixed time.
Mr. MYERS. T would appeal to mv distin-
guished colleague [Mr. Stevens] to withdraw
that motion for a few minutes, as the discus-
sion of this bill will not taketen minutes longer,
and we wilM'nen have a vote upon it. It comes
up properly now, and does not interfere with
any other business.
Mr. STEVENS. I must insist, upon my
motion, upon which I call the previous ques-
tion.
