4100
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
include the destruction of Atlanta—I mean so
far as loyal citizens are concerned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that they had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 791, to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30tli of June,
1886, and for other purposes, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. STEVENS moved that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph shall termi-
nate in one minute after its consideration shall
be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency BILL—again.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Commitee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being the bill (H.
R. No. 701) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 180(5, and for other purposes.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to suggest that hav-
ing acted under this rule for six months, now
at the close of the session and under these cir-
cumstances it would be a great act of injustice
to ourselves as well as to those who have been
refused to withdraw it now.
The committee divide.d; and there were—
ayes 57, noes 27.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. Delaxo were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 07, noes 29.
So the paragraph was stricken out.
The Clerk read as follows:
Public buildings and grounds:
To completo the sovvor through the Botanic Gar-
den, $15,1)00.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to add the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings shall advertise for two weeks for sealed propos-
als for the performance of such work, and the fur-
nishing of materials therefor, in the two newspapers
in the city ot Washington authorized to publish tho
official advertisements, and at thfe expiration of such
timo on a day to be specified in such advertisement,
the proposals shall bo opened by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, in tho presence of the Hecrotury
of the Interior, and the work shall be then let to tho
peison who shall have offered to do the same and
furnish the materials at the lowest rates and aggro-
gate, and who shall give proper security for the per-
formance of his contract; and the Commissioner of
Public Buildings is hereby required to report to Con-
gress at the commencement, of the next session a full
statement of tho expenditure ot the present and past
ap!>iopnatiou.- lor this work, with the rates that have
been paiu tor the work and materials under each ap-
propriation.
[ presume there will be no objection to the
amendment. It is a very ordinary provision,
and I am induced to offer it because I think it
worth while to continue the effort to annex
some sort of guarantees in the disbursement of
money in this capital. My recollection is that
a hundred thousand dollars were originally
appropriated, and then not twenty, but twenty-
five thousand dollars were appropriated for the
purpose. Now, I think that proposals should
be advertised for from parties who would be
responsible for the doing of the work.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose it is known to
the gentlemen of the House that mechanics
have been employed upon this sewer. More
•was appropriated at first than was necessary,
but the Secretary now informs the Senate that
ail. additional appropriation is necessary.
She amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out frofti
line 119 to line 121, as follows:
For annual repairs of President's House, $6,000, for
the year enctmg June 30,1867.
I rise mainly to do justice to a constituent
of mine, a late President of the United States.
On a former occasion, in discussing a deficiency
for furnishing the White House, I said that they
existed in other Administrations ; that during
Mr. Buchanan's the deficiency was $4,000, for
which we made an appropriation. On farther
examination I find 1 was in error. The amount
settled by Dr. Blake, the then Commissioner
of Public Buildings, shows that there was no
deficiency. The only sum expended beyond
the usual appropriation of $20,000 was the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the old furniture, between
one and two thousand dollars, which always
goes to that pbject.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by adding
after lino 131 the following:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to after and repair the building in the city
of Philadelphia, belonging to the United States,
known as the Pennsylvania bank building, so as to
render it suitable for tho occupancy of the appraisers
connected with the customs at Philadelphia, and that
the sum of $^0,000 is hereby appropriated for said
alterations and repairs, payable out of auy money in
tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The subject of procuring proper accommo-
dations, Mr. Chairman, for the appraisers' de-
partment of the customs in Philadelphia came
before the Committee on Commerce by a peti-
tion presented by me some time since, signed
by many of the most prominent merchants,
citizens, and Government officials of that city.
The appraisers' offices and store-houses are now
rented from private individuals, and while they
are located at inconvenient distances from the
business centers of Philadelphia, this bank
building, so admirably'situated for the pur-
pose, accessible on all its sides by streets, and
having cost the Government a large sum of
money, has remained vacant for years. Ef-
forts have been made to sell it at public sale
several times, at a price fixed by the Govern-
ment, but it still is unsold. The subject was
referred to me by the Committee on Commerce,
ai.d, after submitting it to the Secretary of the
Treasury, I have a communication from him,
dated the 18th instant, inclosing the section
read by me, and in which he recommends to
the Committee on Commerce that the proposed
alterations and repairs should be authorized to
be made. I call the attention of my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, to the ameudment, and send the letter
of the Secretary to the Clerk';, desk, to be
read, if desired.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. CONKLINCt. I move to insert, after
line one hundred and thirty-one, "to ventilate
the bath-room of the House of Representa-
tives, §200." All the members of the House
who resort to this bath-room know what it re-
quires ; but, as there may be some who do not
do so, I will stato that there is no ventilation
and no escape for the steam which rises there,
making it a most uncomfortable place instead
of a lux,try. 11 may be necessary to run a tube
through the ceiling of one of the committee-
rooms, but I think that $200 will be a sufficient
sum to defray all the necessary expenses.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to amend the bill
by striking out, in line one hundred and fifty-
three, the word "twenty;" so as to make it
read, "to enable the Secretary of State to
remove his office and contents, $5,000 in ad-
dition to the sum heretofore appropriated."
I do not propose to argue the question at
all, we recently appropriated $25,000 for this
purpose, and now we have before us an addi-
tional appropriation of $25,000. I would like
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to inform us why this large amount
of money is necessary for the purpose of
securing the safety of some few papers in the
State Department? It seems to me that
§5,000 would be more than enough.
Mr. STEVENS. I will only say this: that
when the Secretary of State found it necessary
to move his office, he asked for $50,000. This
"Rouse, not knowing at the time what arrange-
ments ivere proposed, cut the appropriation
down to $25,000. We find now- that that
amount will not answer the purpose, and we
have therefore feported this appropriation of
$25,000, which will make the amount what it
was originally. If there is afiy one Departm ent
of the Government which is economical in the
administration of its affairs, it is the Depart-
ment of State, and I have no idea that a dollar
more than is necessary will be expended of
this amount.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the bill by
striking out in line one hundred and fifty-five
the words, "for this sum, or so much thereof
as may be necessary," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words, " to enable the Secretary of
Warso that it will read:
To enable the Secretary of War to make the pay
of the persons employed at anytime during the Inst
fiscal year as temporary clerks in the office of the
Quartermaster General, or any division thereof, equal
to tho pay of first-class clerks, which is hereby al-
lowed.
Mr. KASSON. I move now to strike out the
word " allowed," at the end of that section, and
to insert in lieu thereof the word "directed."
I also move to add to the section the words
" and such sum as may be necessary for that
parpose is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. 1'
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the third section, as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That such sum as
may be required to enable the Clerk of the House of
Representatives to execute the resolutions ot the
House of the present session, directing the payment
of increased and additional compensation to officers,
clerks, messengers, and others in the employ of the
House of Representatives be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend that sec-
tion by inserting after the word '1 Representa-
tives," in line five, the words including the
Capitol police." I do this because it was tire
intention of the House in passing the resolu-
tions to allow them additional pay, and I wish
to make it clear that these gentlemen are
included in the increased compensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I move to strike out the
fifth section of this bill, calling attention to
the fact that it is evidently improperly put in
an appropriation bill.
The fifth section was as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$32,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated to pay Mad-
ison Sweetzer, uf>on condition that the said Madison
Sweetzershall first, by a good and sufficient deed,
convey to the United States all his right, title, and
interest in and to the following lands, conveyed by
the United States to Joseph Richardville, sr., and
Joseph Richardville, jr., by treaty at St. Marv's,
Octobers, 1818, to wit: the west half of section No.
26, the east half of section No. 28, and section No. 27
of township five south, range four east, lying in the
county of Auglaize, and State of Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a case involving
land which was granted by the United States,
which grant it was afterward found was to some
extent informal. Some two or three years ago
a commission was appointed by the Govern-
ment to examine the whole question and de-
termine tiie amount to which this Mr. Sweetzer
was entitled. They determined not to disturb
those now in possession, but recommend this
appropriation to pay Mr. Sweetzer.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not this the same
ease which was here during the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims?
Mr. LE BLOND. I will explain to the gen-
tleman. This case has been here two or three
times, and a bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to appoint a person to appraise
these lands passed the House at one time,
passed the Senate at another time, but failed
to pass both Houses at the same Congress.
But in the Thirty-Eighth Congress a bill passed
