1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8141
Mr. MYERS. Well, if it is the desire of the
House that this bill should be postponed until
to-morrow, I will withdraw my objection, if
unanimous consent is given to its being the
special order at that time.
_ Mr. HARD IN G, of Illinois. I object to this
bill being made tiie special order.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The motion to postpone was then agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 406) to provide forthe set-
tlement of accounts of certain public officers.
ORDBft <fi? BUSINESS.
Mr. STEVENS and Mr. ELIOT called for
the.regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the consideration of reports from
committees during the morning hour. The
first committee to be called at this time is the
select committee on the civil service of the
United States.
CIVIL SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. JENCKES, from the committee on the
civil service of the United States, reported
back House bill No. 160, to regulate the civil
service of the United States ; which was ordered
to be printed and recommitted.
Mr. .lENCKES also submitted the following
"resolution, upon which lie called the previous
question:
Resolved, That tlx: select committee on the civil
service of the United States be .! rtliomed to procure
from the heads of Department/ . n; <1 others in such
service, and said officers are hereby required on the
request of the committee to furnish such information
concerning the mode of making appointments to the
inferior grades of otliee in their respective Depart-
ments, and such suggestions of improvement thcicui
as may aid said committee in considering plans for
promoting the efficiency of said service.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The select committee on the Provost Mar-
shal's Bureau, and the select committee on the
Memphis riots were called for reports, but none
were made.
The SPEAKER. By a former order of the
House the standing Committee on Mines and
Mining is to be called now. the selcct commit-
tees having all been called for reports.
M1NINU DITCHES, CAXALS, ETC.
Mr. IIIGBY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining to report back
House bill No. 0(3-3, granting the right of way
to ditch and canal owners oi the State of Cali-
fornia over the public lands, with sundry
amendments thereto. And I will ask that
there be no interruption upon this subject until
the amendments reported from the committee
shall have been acted upon. Of course I will
be willing to answer any questions relating to
those amendments.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the owners of ditches, flumes,
canals, or aqueducts for mining, mechanical,
or agricultural purposes, shall have the right
of way over the public lands in the State of
California so long as those works shall be used
for said purposes.
The second section provides that in order to
give free access to such canals, flumes, and
ditches, for the purpose of repairs and con-
struction, the owners of the same are granted
the use and occupation of a strip of land on
each side of their respective works three rods
in width.
The third section provides that the owners
of the ditches, flumes, and canals mentioned
in the preceding sections mav have the occu-
pation .and use of so much of the public land
as may be required for reservoirs to collect
and distribute water, not exceeding acres
of land for any one reservoir; but, such parties
are to be entitled to such use and occupation
only so long as such lands shall be used for
such purposes.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to strike out all 6f the first section
after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That any company of individual who has hereto-
fore, under aftd in accordance with the laws of the
State, or th'c laws of the United States, constructed,
or who may hereafter so construct, any ditch, fitfme,
canal, or aqueduct for the conveyance of water
for mining, mechanical, or agricultural purposes, is
hereby granted to himself and liis successor or suc-
cessors in interest the right of way over the public
land in the State, so Ions as such ditch,flume, canal,
or aqueduct shall bo used for the purposes named.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment reported by the
committee was as follows:
t Amend the sccond section by striking out tho words
"canals, Humes, and ditches," and inseiting in lieu
thereof tlie words "ditch, flume, canal, or aque-
duct.;'' also, bv striking out the words " three rods
in width'' and inserting " fifty feet in width."
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment, reported by the com-
mittee was to add to section two the following ;
Provided, That tho possessory rights of others to
public lands adjoining such ditch, lluine, canal, or
aqueduct, previously acquired under tlie laws of the
State or of the United States shall not bo disturbed
by the passage of this act: And provided further,
That the use and occupation hereby granted shall
be for the purpose named and no other.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. There is a blank in tho last
section in regard to tlie number of acres to be
given for reservoirs. I move to fill the blank
with the words " one hundred."
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I have another amendment
which I desire to propose, not from tho com-
mittee, however; therefore I call to it the
attention of any members of the Committee on
Mines and Mining who may he present. I
move to add a proviso to the last section in
regard to reservoirs, as it is not sufficiently
guarded in other sections of tho bill. The
proviso is as follows:
Provided, That the possessor^ rights previously
acquired under the laws of the State or of thoUnitjd
States lut reservoir purposes shall not be disturbed
by tlie pas-a'-re of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to be allowed a few
moments on this question, but I do not desire to
occupy a great deal of the time of the House
for this purpose. But it is proper that I should
go on and explain to this House the object of
this bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Before the gen-
tleman proceeds with his remarks I would ask
him if it was not agreed upon in tho Commit-
tee on Mines and .Mining that the States of Ne-
vada and Oregon should be included in this
bill.
Mr. IIIGBY. Those States are included in
the amendment of the title which I propose to
submit, which will bo after we get through the
body of the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I think they
should be included in the body of the bill as
well as in the title.
Mr. HIGBY. The substitute for the first
section was intended to include the States of
California. Oregon, and Nevada.
The SPEAKER. The substitute for the
first section, upon which the House has already
actcd, reads. ;'the laws of the State or the laws
of the United States."
Mr. HIGBY. That is a clerical omission,
then. I move to amend so that it will read
"the laws of either of the States of California,
Oregon, and Nevada, or the laws of the United
States," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIIGBY. The object of this bill is to
pteserve to those companies and individuals
who' have constructed ditches and flumes over
the mineral hinds of the States of California,
Oregon, and Nevada to a very large extent
the right of way over the public land, and that
they shall be Jirottcted in the property which
they have created-to stich a vast amount. It
is a fact well known to this House that the
mineral lands have not been in market for sale.
The right of eminent domain having been held
by the Government of the United States, yet
for seventeen years the people of the United
States have been perfliitfed by the G overnmfetifc
to go upon those lands for the purpose of ex-
tracting the precious minerals which they con-
tain^ in order to work those mines with suc-
cess it befcame an absolute necessity that water
should be carried at great expense through
artificial Channels over the public lands.
And up to this time money to the amount of
millions of dollars has been invested in tho con-
struction of these canals and flumes. I have
before me the report, of the surveyor general
of tho State of California, in which, among
other things, is given the number of miles of
ditches and flumes and canals which have been
constructed in the mining districts of that State.
And on looting up what has been reported to
him. I find that we have more than thirty-five
hundred miles of canals and ditches. I know
that all are not embi.iced in that report. I
know that in the county of Amador, the county
adjoining t he one in which I reside, there are
over one hundred miles of ditches, of which
none is included in that report. And the esti-
mate of the value of these ditches there given
is too low, because of the fall of the value of
property in the mining districts. I know that
millions have been expended in the construc-
tion of these ditches and canals, and millions
are yet to be extracted from the public lands.
We propose, in the bill as amended, that
they shall have the right of way as they now
have, respecting at the same time the rights of
possession as established by the laws of the
State. Tho customs, rules, and regulations of
miners have been recognized as law by the
State legislation and by the decisions of the
Supreme Court; and we propose that the pos-
session which has been acquired under the
rules, regulations, and laws of the State shall
remain as at present; that the property shall
be undisturbed; and that the right of way shall
be guarantied by the General Government so
long as these ditches, itc., shall be used forthe
purposes named iu the bill. In other words,
it is provided that the General Government
shall extend the same security that has always
been extended to this kind of property under
the rules and regulations of the miners and the
legislation of these several States; so that if
this land should come into the market, and be
sold the buyers shall respect the right of way
over the land secured to these parties. I have
thus stated the objects of the bill; and unless
some gentleman desires to make an inquiry, I
see no necessity for saying anything further.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from California wliy the privileges se-
cured by this bill should not be extended to
the Territories. •>
Mr. HIGBY. The reason is that the Com-
mittee on Territories have this same question
under consideration with reference to the Ter-
ritories, and will report a bill upon that sub-
ject. Our committee, embracing some of the
members of the Committee on Territories, have
thought it best that this bill should be confined
to the States, allowing a suitable measure for
the Territories to be matured by the appro-
priate committee,
Mr. TAYLOR. It seems to me that if this
measure be right for the States it is equally
proper for the Territories, and that the latter
should be embraced in the same bill.
Mr. IIIGBY. I have stated the reasons oti
which our committee acted. The committee
having specially in charge the interests of the
Territories will at a suitabl" time report a
measure of this nature for the Territories.
Mr. Speaker, ( cull the previous question.
The previous quesinm was seconded and tho
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
for a third reading, was read the third time, and.
passed.
