i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
410J
Congress authorizing the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to appoint a commissioner to appraise
these lands and determine their value in a state
of nature.
I will state briefly the history of this case,
and then I think gentlemen will at once see its
merits. There a,re two sections of land involved.
One section was conveyed by the General Gov-
ernment to individuals, and the other section
was conveyed by -the General Government to
the State of Ohio for canal purposes. That
land was sold by the State to individuals who
are now in possession of it. At the time the
Government thus conveyed this land it was
supposed that it had the right to do so. But
prior to this conveyance of this laud to the
State of Ohio <and to these individuals, the
Government by treaty had conveyed these very
lands t,o Joseph Richardville, senior, and Jo-
seph Prichardville, junior. The senior Richard-
ville died, and this man Sweetzer obtained a
judgment against Joseph Richardville, junior,
who had become the sole owner of these two
sections of land. After obtaining his judgment
he levied upon these lands, which were sold
and bid in by him. He then instituted an
action of ejectment in the district court of the
United States against the occupants of the land.
That suit was fiercely contested, but the court
found the title to be in this man Sweetzer, and
that the Government had 110 title at the time
it conveyed the land to these individuals.
Now, these parties, as well as the State of
Ohio, ask Congress to quiet their titles to these
lands. And Mr. Sweetzer has agreed to accept
the value of these lands, free from improve-
ments, and to relinquish his title lathe General
Government, which will make the title of these
individuals perfect. In pursuance of that re-
quest a law was passed by the Thirty-Eighth
Congress and the appraisement of these lands
had. The appraiser reported to the Secretary
of the Interior at this session, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior has sent the report in here
asking for this appropriation. The value of
the land was ascertained by the testimony of
disinterested witnesses who live in the neigh-
borhood and know the value of it. And 1 my-
self know that these lands were not appraised
too high in a state of nature. This appropria-
tion is for the purpose of paying Mr. Sweetzer,
upon the condition that he will relinquish his
title and leave these parties in possession of
this land.
Mr. RADFORD. At what time did the
Government transfer these lands, and what
consideration did it receive for them?
Mr. LE BLOND. I cannot tell the exact
time, but I suppose it was something like
twenty years ago.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. How much did these
parties pay to the Government for thi s land ?
Mr. LE BLOND. I suppose the Govern-
ment have received $2 50 per acre for one of
the sections under the alternate section rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the Govern-
ment ever do anything more in such cases than
to refund the money to the purchaser ?
Mr. LE BLOLD. Let me say to the gen-
tleman that that question was argued in this
House when the bill originally passed. Oppo-
sition was made to it upon that very ground,
but the House settled the question that in this
case at least the Government would pay the
value of these lands in a state of nature. Now
let me call the attention of gentlemen to it, and
see the position in which you leave these men
if this is not done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STE\ ENS. I m<y\<epro for'/ndio amend
by striking out the last two words. I desire
to say that this is not a question whether the
money shall be refunded to the persons who
bought this land from the Government. Mr.
Sweetzer is not anxious that the money shall
be refunded. He bought the property from
third persons, who had bought it from the Gov-
ernment,. The Government had no title ; and
the question now is whether Sweetzer shall get
property worth three times the appraised value
of this land, or whether the Government will
quiet his title.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, I dislike
very much to insist upon an amendment when
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lb Blond,]
who knows most about the matter, deems the
provision of the bill entirely fair. Yet, upon
the whole presentation of the ease, I do not
think that. $32,000 ought to be appropriated
in this bill for this purpose. This claim, if I
understand it correctly, is one which should
properly be embraced .in a private bill. It
does not appropriately belong in an appropri-
ation bill or in any public bill. It is a claim
about which a great deal is to be said on both
sides. And I have a lurking recollection that,
during this session, this very matter has been
before the House, and has been in some way
disposed of. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Bi.okd] whether I am not right.
Mr. LE BLOND. When the miscellaneous
appropriation bill was before the House this
was offered as an amendment to that bill, and
the Chair ruled that it was not in order. Per-
haps, however, the gentleman may have refer-
ence to the appointment of the commissioner
who was directed to appraise the land.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I think it is the
miscellaneous appropriation bill to which I re-
fer. In that case the Chair ruled as the Chair
would have ruled upon this bill, had any one
known that this section was covered up in the
bill, and had thus been enabled to make the
point of order in season. Manifestly this ap-
propriation does not belong in this bill. The
Committee of the Whole, in acting on the case
of General Stone this morning, has by a very
pronounced majority declared in favor of the
principle which has been acted upon by the
committee almost uniformly heretofore, that it
is right to discourage the practice of introdu-
cing into a general appropriation bill sections
designed to accomplish a purpose which should
be accomplished by private bills.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I confess that I do not
for one feel at all satisfied in reference to the
merits of this ease; but I do feci clear that an
appropriation for this claim does not properly
belong in this bill, and that the committee
should adhere to what has been its previous
practice, allowing all parties to fare alike in the
presentation of private claims, and insistingthat
such claims shall be embraced in private bills,
to the end that they may be deliberately passed
upon by the appropriate committees. There-
fore, sir, I insist upon my original motion to
strike out the paragraph.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I renew the
amendment. Mr. Chairman, I ask the attention
of the House, and particularly the lawyers ofthc
House, to what little I have to say in relation
to this claim. I am conscious that it is a pain-
ful duty for members of the House to resist an
appropriation for a private claim; but I do
trust that the character of this claim may bo
understood by members before they agree to
set a precedent that may involve the nation in
an expenditure of millions of dollars.
What is this claim? If I understand the facts
correctly, Madison Sweetzer was the owner of
two sections of land, the title to which ho de-
rived from certain Indian tribes. The Gov-
ernment of the United States supposed that it
had acquired the title from those tribes. The
Land Office directed the land to be surveyed;
and one section was given to the State of Ohio
for canal purposes, and another section of the
land was sold. The title of the Government
failed because Sweetzer had a prior title de-
rived from the Indian tribes. The grantee of
the State of Ohio, and the private individual
who derived his title from the Government,
took possession of these lands, made improve-
ments upon them, and have occupied them up
to the present time.
Madison Sweetzer, who held the original
prior Indian title, brought an action in the
circuit court of the United States against the
occupants, and judgment was rendered in liis
favor. He, I understand from my colleague,
has the judgment and can enforce it against
the occupants of the land. Now, the Govern-
ment of the United States received for one
section $2 50 an $cre, and for the other he says
the United States received nothing at all, but
there_ is no doubt that it was of equal value..
This is the highest price the Government has
received for any land sold for a great number
of years. The whole amount received by the
Government would be $4,000.
What is this bill ? It is not a bill for the
relief of the occupants of the land, but it is a
bill which proposes to quiet title, the occu-
pants all buying out the prior title held under
the Indian tribes, the prior title of Madison
Sweetzer. What is the measure of damages
the Government propose to pay to quiet tlie&e
titles ? It is not the measure of damages which
may be awarded against the Government if the
occupants of these lands could bring an action
in a court of law. If we authorized these oc-
cupants to sue in a court of claims their meas-
ure of damages, according to the decision in
Ohio, would not be the value of the lands.
That rule does not prevail in more than one
or two States of the Union, if anywhere. The
measure of damages would be simply the money
which was paid, without interest, because the
occupants under the decision are not entitled
to interest unless it be interest after suits have
heen commenced in the circuit court. In other
words, then, instead of getting $32,000, these
occupants would get $4,000, with a modicum
of interest amounting to a very small sum.
Now, this man Sweetzer can enforce a writ
of cjectmcnt by showing his right of posses-
sion ; but he cannot turn these occupants out
until they have been paid for all the improve-
ments which have been made and for all the
taxes which have been paid upon the landf-
lt will bo seen, Mr. Chairman, from the state-
ment I have made in this matter, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States isestabl shing a
new mode of relief for all persons who acquire
land from the Government and whoso title hap-
pens to fail. It is a mode of relief unknown to
any judicial tribunal. It has never before been
adopted by this Government. It is important
and ought to be carefully considered. What,
I pray you, is to bo the result? In the conflict
of titles which must follow the making of land
grants for railroad purposes and the passage
of land bills for California, as wellasthe thou-
sand other grants in which controversies will
arise 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to oppose the
amendment; but I will give the gentleman
from Ohio a part of my time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The thousands
of cases in reference to which controversies
will arise respecting title, and where the title
of the United States may fail, it would be mon-
strous to adopt the principle here contended
for. It is therefore for the House to say
whether it will adopt a rule different from that
now established, and load the Government
down with responsibilities amounting to untold
and countless millions of dollars. When the
Government sells land the title to which fails
the purchasers under the Government certainly
ought not to ask any more than they would be
entitled to claim as against a private grantor.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, there has not been an appropriation
which we have not been told not only involves
the safety of this nation, but the ruin of God's
creation. I have heard that sort of thing over
and over again from the gentleman who has
just spoken, as well as from others. I have
heard it so often that I have ceased to be
alarmed at their thunder. When there is an
honest debt due I will pay it if I am able; if
not I will confess the debt. In the letter of
the Secretary of the Interior to Hon. John F.
Kinney, it is stated that pursuant to the au-
thority vested in him by a joint resolution
