158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
because in defiance of the Constitution its very
guarantees were disregarded. I call the atten-
tion of the House to this fact merely for the
purpose of suggesting for their consideration,
that in view of all that has happened ; in view
of the fact, that manv of the States—I might
say, in some sense, al! the States of the Union
—have flagrantly violated the absolute guaran-
tees of the Constitution of the United States to
all its citizens, it is time that we take security
for the future, so that like occurrences may not
again arise to distract our people and finally
to dismember the Republic.
When you cometo weigh these words, "equal
and exact justice to all men," go read, if you
please, the words of the Constitution itself:
- ' The citizens of each State (being ipso facto
citizens of the United States) shall be entitled
to all the privileges and immunities of citizens
(supplying the ellipsis "of the United States")
in the several States.'' This guarantee is of the
privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States in, not of, the several States.
This guarantee of your Constitution applies to
every citizen of every State of the Union; there
is not a guarantee more sacred, and none more
vital in that great instrument. It was utterly
disregarded in the past by South Carolina when
she drove with indignity and contempt and
scorn from her limits the honored represent-
ative of Massachusetts, who went thither upon
the peaceful mission of asserting in the tribu-
nals of South Carolina the rights of American
citizens.
I propose, with the help of this Congress and
of the American people, that hereafter there
shall not be any disregard of thai essential guar-
antee of your Constitution in any State of the
Union. And how? By simply adding an
amendment to the Constitution to operate on
all the States of this Union alike, giving to
Congress the power to pass all laws necessary
and proper to secure to all persons—which in-
cludes every citizen of every State—their equal
personal rights; and if the tribunals of South
Carolina will not respect the rights of the citi-
zens of Massachusetts under the Constitution
of their common country, 1 desire to see the
Federal judiciary clothed with the power to take
cognizance of the question, and assert those
rights by solemn judgment, indicting upon the
offenders such penalties as will compel a de-
cent respect for this guarantee to all the citizens
of every Slate.
Having said this much touching security for
the future, allow me to add that I repel with
scorn, come from what source it may, the sug-
gestion that I cooperate with any party that
proposes to impose an unequal or unjust bur-
den upon any State in this .Republic. 1 know,
and you, sir, know, and every loyal citizen of
this Republic has come to know, that the divin-
cst feature of your Constitution is the recog-
nition of the absolute equality before (he law
of all persons, whether citizens or strangers;
and the equality of every State within the limits
of this Republic, subject only to the exception
made by reason of slavery, now happilv abol-
ished. The President, therefore, might well
say, as he does say in his message, that "the
American system rests on the assertion of the
equal right of every max to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness; to freedom of con-
science, to the culture and exercise of all his
faculties.''
I propose, then, sir, by amending the Con-
stitution, to provide for the efficient enforce-
ment, by law, of these "'equal rights of every
man," and upon the assertion of which, we are
told by the President, the American system rests.
In doing this I would impose no restraint upon
South Carolina that shall not rest with equal
weight upon the State of Ohio. I ask that South
Carolina, and that Ohio as well, shall be bound
to respect the rights of the humblest citizen of
the remotest State of the Republic when he may
hereafter come within her jurisdiction. Who
makes objection to that, or who can justly ob-
ject. to it ?
These, then, are some of the matters that are
before this House for consideration. And it
strikes me that they pertain quite as much to
the House as to the Executive. I undertake
to say that the President of the United States
will be found cooperating with tho represent-
atives of the people in their endeavor to intro-
duce into the Constitution not that which will
mar it,"but, that, which will perfect it and enable
the people hereafter to secure and reap for
themselves and for their posterity forever the
great ends for which that Constitution was or-
dained.
It was ordained to form a more perfect Union,
but only as a means to the attainment of all its
declared purposes. It is a declared purpose
of the Constitution "to insure domestic tran-
quillity." How? By affording protection by
law to the rights of all, in every State of the
Union, and upon every sea the world over
wherever your flag floats. Not merely "to
establish a more perfect Union not merely
to insure domestic tranquillity; not merely "to
•provide for the common defense," was the
Constitution ordained; but also to "establish
justice." It stands written, sir, on the fore-
front of that imperishable instrument that "in
order to establish justice, we, the people of the
United States, do ordain this Constitution."
Well might the President demand, as he does
demand in his message, "equal and exact jus-
tice'to all men.'' That is precisely what is pro-
posed to be accomplished.
I repel every insinuation or intimation, come
from what quarter it may, that the representa-
tives of the people have manifested thus far the
slightest disposition to interfere with the pre-
rogatives, if gentlemen please so to term tho
powers, of the Executive. I deny that the rep-
resent atives of the people have taken any step
indicating any snch purpose, or any purpose to
raise an issue or create a conflict between the
President and Congress. But I may say fur-
ther, that if the day overcomes v,-lien the Pres-
ident of the United States finds in this House
no other supporters than those who combined
together at Chicago in lSO-i to bury him where
they hoped that even tho hand of resurrection
itself could never again find him, then God help
tho President and save him from his friends.
[Applause.]
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair must ask gentle-
men upon tho tloor to restrain any mam testations
of applause or dissent, or it will bo impossible
for the Chair !o restrain similar manifestations
from those in the galleries. If members upon
this floor will not respect their own rules, they
cannot complain if thev are not respected by
spectators in the galleries.
Mr. BIXGHAM. -Having said this much,
Mr. Speaker, upon the gencial subject, I desire
to examine a little more closely the remarks ot
j tho gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voonmms]
| in regard to the position of the President toucli-
j ing the insurrectionary Stales. [ have under-
stood all my life thai, a difference only in words,
if there is an agreement in the substance, is not
a material difference.
I undertake to say hero, and to demonstrate
it. if my time and strength will allow mo. that
the position of the President of the United
■ States is in exact accord with the position of
; this House. He says in his message that the
! functions of these several insurrectionary States
\ are suspended. This House has said the func-
i tions of those States are suspended by their own
! act of insurrection and treason, and they cannot
| of right assert their claim to representation upon
| this tloor until the representatives of i he whole
j people of the United States shall become sat-
| isfled that they have put themselves in proper
| position, and that all safeguards essential to the
i future safety of the Republic have been pro-
i viued. That is all there is of it. Where is
| the conflict? The President declares tho func-
tions of those States suspended. That is only
j another way of saying that v, hen a State en-
gages in insurrection—as no learned and ox-
; cellent colleague [Mr. Shi:llai;akgeh] said
| yesterday in his able and exhaustive argu-
I merit; when its people have disorganized the
| whole machinery of their State ; when they have
i blotted out, so far as they can, the written re-
quirement embodied in the Constitution of your
country, that all legislative, all executive, all
judicial officers of every Stale shall be bound by
\ an oath to support that Constitution: when they
i have utterly blotted it out, from their statnte-
] books and inserted in itsplaco the blasphemous
! oalh that they will resist unto death tho Consti-
tution, thelaws, and the authority of the United
States; in that condition of things, sir, I care
not whether the President says that their func-
tions arc; suspended, or whether he says that
they have ceased to be States for municipal pur-
poses, it is one and the same thing in law; and
I have very little respect for tho logical acumen
of the man who cannot see it.
Why, sir, I recollect well the occasion, in
18G2, in the midst of this struggle, when I ven-
tured to ask upon this floor the question whether
South Carolina, having repudiated the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution, having sworn every
legislative, every executive, and every judicial
officer within her territory to resist and if possible
overthrow the Constitution of the United States,
could, by any possibility, rightfully legislate upon
any subject affecting tho person or property of
any American citizen.
The gentleman was not then ready to chal-
lenge furthei debate by assorting any such au-
thority in that insnigent State. I made at that
time the further inquiry whether South Carolina
had the right to elect Representatives or by her
forsworn Legislature choose Senators to the Con-
gress of the United States. I received from this
side of the House, and from that, nothing but
the reply which silence gives. Wherein has the
case been altered? The great body of the peo-
ple of that State did destroy her organic law
and adopt a statute of treason, and from that
moment she ceased to be a State for municipal
purposes. But, says the President, the con-
tinuance of the State is assumed. Soitis; but
not for municipal purposes. The continuance
of the State is assumed for Federal purposes.
'! Onco a State, always a State'! for Federal pur-
poses, until that sad day comes—which I pray
God. may never come—when treason shall tri-
umph over the arms of the Republic. But,
sir, let every State do precisely what South
Carolina did and persist in it. and they cease
to be States of the Union, for in that event
there will be no Union and no Government of
the United States.
South Carolina by her statutes of treason and
her acts of treason could not and did not carry
the territory of South Carolina out of the juris-
diction of the United States. South Carolina,
by her ordinance of secession and her stat-
utes of treason, could not blot out the State
lines of South Carolina for Federal purposes.
South Carolina, in short, could not, by her trea-
son, blot cut the provision of the Constitution
of the United States which declares that—
"In a]l niminat prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and pabtic trj.il by an
impartial juiyot theSiate and district wherein the
crime shall have been co mini; ted, which di-tnet shall
have been previously ascertained by law.''—Amend-
iiu ntn, art. G.
Treason is a crime : South Carolina by her
,| secession could not destioy the State and dis-
jj trict, of South Carolina oven for the purpose
M of holding therein a Federal court and trying
!, and condemning traitors for the treason and
| other crimes which they therein committed
e against the United States. The judicial dis-
trict, of the United States, therefore, remained
in South Carolina intact, despite her treason;
and the moment our armies captured Hilton
Head, that niormnf, bv the authority of the
people of tlie ("nilod States, despite the trea-
son of South Carolina, despite the fact, which
[' no man can successfully gainsay, that South
i' Carolina had ceased to be a State for ail mu-
j; nicipal purposes and could exereiuo none of
I "the functions of a State" whatever—could
|! neither legislate, adjudicate, nor execute as a
j! State—vet, that very moment the American
•i people might rightfully bate there opened their
j; courts of justice under the protection of their
!■ gun«, and proceeded to execute judgment ac-
jj coreling to law upon every criminal offender
11 against the authority of the United States on
