1866.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
4108
former political relations in the Union by the consent
of the Iaw-makmff'power of the United States; and
whereas the people of said State did, on the 22'i day
of February, 1865, by a largo popular vote, adopt and
ratify a constitution of government whereby slavery
was abolished, and all ordinances and laws of seces-
sion, and debts contracted under the same, were de-
clared void; and whereas a State government has
been organized under said constitution, which has
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States abolishing slavery; also the amend-
ment proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
has done other acts proclaiming and denoting loy-
alty: Therefore. ,
" Be itresohrd by the Senate and Ilouseof Represent-
atives "f the United States in Congress assembled. That
thcStateofTenncsseeishorebyrestoredto her former
proper, practical relations to the Union, and is again
entitled to be represented by Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress."
The preamble simply consists of statements,
%omc of which are assumed, while the resolu-
tion is merely a declaration of opinion. It
comprises no legislation, nor does it confer
any power which is binding upon the respect-
ive Houses the Executive, or the States. It
does not admit to their seats in Congress the
Senators and Representatives from the State
of Tennessee ; for, notwithstanding the pas-
sage of the resolution, each House, in the
exercise of the constitutional right to judge for
itself of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its members, may, at its discretion,
admit them or continue to exclude them. If
a joint resolution of this kind were necessary
and binding as a condition-precedent to the
admission of members of Congress, it would
happen, in the event of a veto by the Execu-
tive, that Senators and Representatives could
only be admitted to the halls of legislation by
a two-thirds vote of each of the two Houses.
Among other reasons recited in the pream-
ble for the declarations contained in the reso-
lution, is the ratification, by the State govern-
ment of Tennessee, of "the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States abolishing
slavery, and also the amendment proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress." If, as is also de-
clared in the preamble, "said State govern-
ment can only be restored to its former politi-
cal relations in the Union by the consent of
the law-making power of the United States,"
it would really seem to follow that the joint
resolution which at this late day has received
the sanction of Congress, should have been
passed, approved, and placed on the statute-
books before any amendment to the Constitu-
tion was submitted to the Legislature of Ten-
nesseelRyr ratification. [Applause from Demo-
cratic side.] Otherwise the inference is plainly
deduciblc that while, in the opinion of Con-
gress, the people of a State may be too strong-
ly disloyal to be entitled to representation, tlicy
may nevertheless, during the suspension of
their " former proper, practical relations to the
Union," have an equally potent voice with
other and loyal States in propositions to amend
the Constitution, upon which so essentially de-
pend the stability, prosperity, and very exist-
ence of the nation.
A brief reference to my annual message
of the 4th of December last will show the
steps taken by the Executive for the restoration
to (heir constitutional relations to the Union
of the States that had been affected by the
rebellion. Upon the cessation of active hos-
tilities, provisional governors were appointed,
conventions called, Governors elected by the
people, Legislatures assembled, and Senators
and Representatives chosen to the Congress
of the United States. At the same time the
courts of the United States were reopened,
the blockade removed, the custom-houses rees-
tablished, and postal operations resumed. The
amendment to the Constitution abolishing sla-
very forever within the limits of the country
was also submitted to the States, and they were
thus invited to and did participate in its ratifi-
cation, thus exercising the highest functions
pertaining to a State. In addition, nearly all
of these States, through their conventions and
Legislatures, had adopted and ratified consti-
tutions "of government whereby slavery was
abolished and all ordinances and laws of seces-
sion and debts and contracts under the same
were declared void." So far, then, the politi-
cal existence of the States and their relations
to the Federal Government had been fullyand
completely recognized and acknowledged by
the executive department of the Govern-
ment ; and the completion of the work of res-
toration, which had progressed so favorably,
was submitted to Congress, upon which de-
volved all questions pertaining to the admis-
sion to their seats of the Senators and Repre-
sentatives chosen from the States whose people
had engaged in the rebellion.
All these steps had been taken, when, on
the 4th day of December, 1865, the Thirty-
Ninth Congress assembled. Nearly eight
months have elapsed since that time; and no
other plan of restoration having been pro-
posed by Congress for the measures instituted
by the Executive, it is now declared, in the
joint resolution submitted for my approval,
"that the State of Tennessee is hereby re-
stored to her former proper, practical relations
to the Union, and is again entitled to be rep-
resented by Senators and Representatives in
Congress." Thus, after the lapse of nearly
eight months, Congress proposes to pave the
way to the admission to representation of one
of the eleven States whoso people arrayed
themselves in rebellion against the constitu-
tional authority of the Federal Government.
Earnestly desiring to remove every cause
of further delay, whether real or imaginary, on
the,part of Congress td" the admission to seats
of loyal Senators and Representatives from the
State of Tennessee, I have, notwithstanding
the anomalous character of this proceeding,
affixed my signature to the resolution. [Gen-
eral applause and laughter.] My approval,
however, is not to be construed as an acknowl-
edgment of the right of Congress to pass laws
preliminary to the admission of duly qualified
representatives from any of the States. [Great
laughter.] Neither is'ittobc considered as
committing me to all the statements made in
the preamble, [renewed laughter,] some of
which are, in my opinion, without foundation
in fact, especially the assertion that the State
of Tennessee has ratified the amendment to
the Constitution of the United States proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress. [Laughter.]
No official notice of such ratification has been
received by the Executive or filed in the De-
partment of State ; on the contrary, unofficial
information from most reliable sources induces
the belief that the amendment has not yet been
constitutionally sanctioned by the Legislature
of Tennessee. The right of each House, under
the Constitution, to judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members
is undoubted, and my approval or disapproval
of the resolution could not in the slightest de-
gree increase or diminish the authority in this
respect conferred upon the two branches of
Congress.
In conclusion, I cannot too earnestly repeat
my recommendation for the admission of Ten-
nessee, and all other States, to affair and equal
participation in national legislation^wheu they
present themselves in the persons of loyal Sen-
ators and Representatives, who can comply with
all the requirements of the Constitution ami the
laws. By this means harmony and reconcilia-
tion will be effected, the practical relations of
all the States to the Federal Government re-
established, and the work of restoration, inau-
gurated upon the termination of the war, suc-
cessfully completed.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washixgtox, D. C., July 24, 18GG.
[Applause from the Democratic side.]
The message was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. Inasmuch as the joint res-
olution in regard to Tennessee has become a
law by the entire and cordial approval of the
President, [laughter,] I am directed by the
joint committee on reconstruction to ask that
that committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the credentials of the mem-
bers-elect from the State of Tennessee, and to
move that the same lie referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections of this Iluuse.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to hare one of
the credentials read to the House, in order to
give me an opportunity of inquiring of the
House whether it is expected of the Commit-
tee of Elections, if these credentials shall -be
referred to them now, to pass upon anything
more than the fact whether or not they con-
form to the law. If that be all that the commit- .
tee is expected to do, then I think .the* House
can act as well as the Committee of Elections
on that matter.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the members-elect from
the State of Tennessee, now present, have ad-
ministered to them the oath of office.
The SPEAKER. It is within the power of
the House to refer to the Committee of Elec-
tions the credentials of any gentleman claim-
ing a seat even from a State that has not been
in rebellion. But the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is still on the floor,
which would prevent the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] from being
made.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe that, these cre-
dentials are in the usual form, and it is to be
expected that they will be examined by the
Committee of Elections just as the credentials
are which are referred to that committee by
the House. They will understand whether they
are irregular or not. 1 now call the previous
question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does not my motion take
precedence of that?
The SPEAKER. It does not; the usage has
been precisely the other way. If a motion is
made to swear in a man claiming a seat in the
House after it is organized, and a member rises
and moves to refer the credentials to the Com-
mittee of Elections, that motion is entertained
and acted upon.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have always understood
that the credentials alone are considered prima
facie evidence of a right to a seat when there
is no contestant.
The SPEAKER. That is only for the pur-
pose of organizing the House. The Chair will
refer the gentleman to a case in point, in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress agcntleman from Ten-
nessee (the Chair does not now recollect the
name) claimed to have been elected a Rep-
resentative from that State, and there was no
contestant in his case. The credentials in that
case were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, who examined as to the number of votes
cast for him, the condition of the district, &c;,
and reported upon the case, and the Chair
thinks he was admitted to his seat.
Mr. LE BLOND. That, Mr. Speaker, grow
out of the fact that the State at that time was
in a state of rebellion and no election could be
held.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but there
was no contestant at that time. The question
was whether the gentleman presenting the cre-
dentials should be admitted to a seat, no per-
son contesting his election.
Mr. LE BLOND. My recollection of that
case is that the certificate was informal.
The SPE 'VKEil. The Chair overrules the
point that the gentleman has the right to make
this motion pending the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RADFORD. I desire to inquire whether
it is now in order to move to lay the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania on the
table.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. RADFORD. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion, if adopted,
will carry the credentials to the table ; bat they
can be taken up by the House. .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rm
to a point of order. My colleague [Mr. Ste-
vens] moves to discharge the committee on
reconstruction from the further consideration
of the credentials ol the Tennessee members,
and also moves that, those credentials be re-
ferred to the Committee of_Elections. I w;su
to inquire whether it is not in order to hav e trie
question divided. I am in favor of discharging
