1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
committee on ventilation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution now on the
table in relation to the appointment of a com-
mittee on ventilation.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Buckalew on the 18th of
January:
Resolved, That a committee of the Senate he ap-
g ointed for the present session, to consist of fivemem-
ers, to ho entitled the committee on ventilation, to
which shall be assigned the consideration of all ques-
tions relating to the ventilation and sanitary con-
dition of the Senate win^of the Capitol.
The resolution was adopted.
a. j. gray.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 180) for the relief of A. J. Gray.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It requires the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to place the name of An-
drew J. Gray, late a pilot on board the United
States gunboat Judge Torrence, upon the list
of invalid pensioners, at the rate prescribed
for officers of his rank by act of Congress
approved July 14, 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the report in that case.
The PRESIPENT^pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no report accompanying
the bill.
_Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I hope the bill
will not be acted upon at the present time.
There ought to bo a report accompanying all
these pension bills.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This case was re-
ferred to the Commissioner on Pensions, and
was considered by the Committee on Pensions
and unanimously reported to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed toacting
on these eases out of the ordinary course. 11'
they do not come within the provisions of the
law, a report should be submitted with each
case so that the Senate may be able to judge
upon them. It is very unsafe doing business
in this way upon the mere verbal stat ements
of individual Senators. There ought to be a
report in all these eases stating the facts upon
which the bills are based.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The papers in this
case are very full, stating the facts, and they
are filed with the bill. The facts are these:
this man was disabled by the concussion of a
fchrll while serving ou a western gunboat as a
pilot. Those volunteer pilots are not provided
for in any pension law. The committee t hought
it but proper that this case should bo provided
for. The proof is clear. The bill merely pro-
poses to plaee him upon the pension rolls just
as he would have been if he had been in the
regular Navy of the United States. This is the
whole of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The custom has been
heretofore, and it has been invariable so far as
T know, to make  report in each ease giving
the facts, and this practice that may be growing
up, to have no reports but to take verbal state-
ments, is, in my judgment, a very bad and un-
safe one with regard to claims before Congress
and the granting of special pensions. For the
sake of the precedent we ought always to have
a report upon the subject. 1 am opposed to
this practice. I think it is a bad one. I know
it is an innovation. We ought not take tho
mere verbal statements of parties. It seems to
me that we are becoming very careless in these
matters. I dare say this is a very good claim.
I know nothing about it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If there was time
I could read all tho papers accompanying the
bill. They contain all tho facts in the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would take longer
than a short report showing the facts.
Mr. GIMMES. I observe this bill says that
this person was a pilot, and it provides that he
shall draw the pension that is allowed to per-
sbns of his rank and grade. What is that ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Twenty-five dollars
a month.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the rank?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Pilot in the regu-
lar Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire if there is
any law that specially designates the rank of
a pilots
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. In the pension laws ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir; in the law
of 1862, to which this bill refers. If Senators
desire it I have no objection to the bill being
recommitted, and then I can report it back
again with a written report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like that to be
done, because I would like to know what the
ease is.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the bill
with the accompanying papers be recommitted
to the Committee on Pensions, so that we may
accompany the bill with a written report.
The motion was agreed to.
message fiiom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to tho amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution of the House (H. 11. No. IV) giving
the consent of Congress to the transfer of the
counties of Berkeley and J efferson to the State
of West Virginia.
Tho message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of'the Senate :
A bill (II. It. No. 18a) concerning the fire
department of Washington city ;
A bill (II. R. No. 223) to amend an act to
incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 81) for the
relief of the sufferers by the late explosion at
the United States arsenal in the District of
Columbia.
apportionment of representation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, being tho joint resolution (H. R.
No. 51) proposing to amend the Constitution
of the United States, upon which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumskb] is entitled
to tho floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hesitate to
intrude again into this debate, which now, after
the interjection of another debate ou another
question, is again renewed. 1 do it witli un-
feigned reluctance, and I hope not to trespass
too much on your patience.
The question before us, even in its simplest
form, is of incalculable importance; but it has
an added interest, inasmuch as it opens the
whole vast subject of reconstruction. Into this
field I shall not be tempted at this time, except
to express a short opinion on the general prin-
ciples we should seek to establish. Treason
must be made odious, and to this end power
must bo secured to loyal fellow-citizens. In
doing this, two indispensable conditions cannot
lie forgotten: first, all who have been untrue
to the Republic must for a certain time, con-
stituting the trnnxitioti period, be excluded
from the partnership of government; and see-
ondly, all who have been true to the Republic
must bo admitted into the partnership of gov-
ernment, according to the sovereign rule of the
Constitution, which knows no distinction of
color. Following these two simple command-
ments, there will be safety and peace, together
with power and renown. Neglecting these two
simple commandments, there must be peril and
distraction, together with imbecility and dis-
honor. In the one way reconstruction will be
easy; in the other way it will in any just sense
be impossible. It may seem for the moment
to succeed ; but it. must fail in the end. This
is all I have to say at present on reconstruction,
and I turn at once to the piecise question be-
fore Ub.
Pardon me, sir, if I remind you here on the
threshold that there are two modes of debate.
One is to attack the previous speaker with per-
sonality of criticism or of manner. The other
is to speak plainly on the question, and to deal
directly according to your convictions with the
priiiciplesinvolved. Sometimesthesetwo modes
are allowed to intermingle. If ever there was
an occasion when the first should be carefully
avoided, when the question alone should be
handled, and not the previous speaker, when the
attention should be directed exclusively to the
principles involved, and not to any subordinate
point of mere form, it is now, when we are asked
to insert a new. provision in the Constitution,
fixing tho basis of political power at the expense
of fellow-citizens counted by millions. In this
spirit I shall try to say what I have to say. To
my mind, the occasion is too solemn for per-
sonal controversy, and I shall not be drawn
into it.
CHARACTER OP TniS COMPROMISE.
The proposition now before you is the most
important ever brought into Congress, unless,
perhaps, we may cxccpt the amendment abol-
ishing slavery, and to my mind it is the most
utterly reprehensible and unpardonable. The
same sentiment which led us to hail the aboli-
tion of slavery with gratitude as the triumph
of justice, should make us reject with indigna-
tion a device to crystallize into organic law tho
disfranchisement of a race. It is with infinite
regret that I differ from valued friends about me,
but I cannot do otherwise. I bespeak in ad-
vance their candor, and most cheerfully con-
cede to all from whom I differ the same indul-
gence which I claim for myself. In exposing
such an attempt, I must speak frankly, as on
other occasions, in exposing the Crime against
Kansas or the infamy of that enactment which
turned the whole North into a hunting-ground,
where man was the game. The attempt now is
on a larger scale and is more essentially bad than
the Crime against Kansas or the Fugitive Slave
Bill. Such a measure, so obnoxious to every
argument of reason, justice, and feeling, so
perilous to the national peace and so injurious
to the good name of the Republic, must be
encountered as we encounter a public enemy.
There is no language which can adequately
depict its character. Thinking of it, I am
reminded of those words of Chatham, where
he held up to undying judgment a measure of
the British Ministry, which I think had already
received the sanction of tho House of Com-
mons, as the present attempt has already re-
ceived the sanction of the House of Repre-
sentatives. Chatham did not hesitate, nor did
he tame his words, but exclaimed :
"I am astonished, shocked, to hear such principles
confessed; to hoar them avowed in this House or in
this country, piinciples equally unconstitutional, in-
human. and unchristian. I call upon you to stamp
upon thorn an indelible stigma of the public abhor-
rence."
Then, rising to still higher flight, he exclaimed:
" My lords, I am old and weak and at present un-
able to say more; but my feelings and indignation
were too strong to have said loss. I could not have
slept this night in my bed, nor reposed my head on
my pillow, without giving this vent to my eternal
abhorrence of such preposterous and enormous prin-
ciples."
But what was the measure which thus aroused
tho veteran orator compared with that which
is now before us ? It was only a transient act
of wrong, small in its proportions, which he
denounced. I am to denounce an act of wrong
permanent, in its influence, colossal in its pro-
portions, operating in an extensive region, af-
fecting millions of citizens, positively endan-
gering tho peace of the country, and covering
its name with dishonor. Such is the character
of the present attempt. I exhibit it as I see it.
Others may not see it so. Of course, its sup-
porters cannot see it so. The British Minis-
try did not sec the measure which Chatham
denounced as he saw it and as history now sees
it. Of course Senators would not support the
present proposition if they thought it disgrace-
ful ; nor would the British Ministry have sup-
ported that earlier proposition had they thought
it disgraceful. Unhappily, they did not think
