2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
that I have not looted at the list of corporators
recently so as to be able to tell whether he is
so or not. If he is, I have only to say that it is
rather late in the day to call in question the
integrity, honesty, or ability of that distin-
fuished general, and 1 presume no gentleman
ere will undertake to insinuate that he wrote
that letter because be was a corporator. Such
an insinuation would be unworthy of any mem-
ber of the House, as it would be unjust to that
distinguished man. I know that my friend does
' not mean to insinuate it, but puts in the remark
very much in the same way as he has done a
great many other things—for Buncombe; as,
for instance, his frequent remarks about soldiers
with one log and one arm.
Now, in addition to this testimony, I wish to
say that in the Quartermaster General's re-
port made to the House in 18G5, there will be
found on page 84 this statement:
" Cost of transporting military stores westward
across the plains, by contract for year ending Juno
30,1865, to Utah, and points on that routo, $1,52-1,119.
Cost of transportation of gram to Utah ami posts on
tbatrouto, wheretho ^rain was delivered bycontract-
ors and the transportation entered intothopriecpaid
same year, S2,5-0,7^7 68; making cost fortransporta-
tion in one yeai in this region $4,050,816 03."
The Quartermaster General goes on to say
what is unnecessary to say, because every-
body knows it, that the railroad would reduce
the cost of transportation at least seventy-five
per ecnt.. There are twelve military posts now,
some of them garrisoned by one hundred and
some by two hundred men, along that very
routo, and there will bo a very great saving in
the transportation of supplies to these posts if
this road is constructed.
From whatever stand-point you view it,
either in a military, financial, or civil point
of view, it becomes an inevitable conclusion
that this road will be of immense advantage
in developing the agricultural and mineral
resources of the country.
These are some ol' the reasons that induced
the committee to report this bill. I repeat
that if my calculations are correct it will not
take a dollar from the Treasury, and until
gentlemen can show that the estimates upon
which these calculations are made are erro-
neous they should not undertake to deny the
lact. And that fact once established, every
other objection to the bill must necessarily
fall. If the road can bo constructed with the
simple guarantees of the Government afford-
ing the means to pay the expenses of con-
struction, it will enable the company to re-
fund every dollar that is paid to them as
rapidly as the road progresses, and it will at
the same time develop the resources of the
country, am] aid the civil and military oper-
ations of the Government. These facts being
established, no gentleman can find any ground
of opposition to the bill now before the House.
Mr. SlIKLLAISAH.GEii,. I would ask the
gentleman whether there is any provision in
this bill for the repayment to the United States
in any event of anything more than the actual
amount they have received. In other words,
whether the Government is to have any inter-
est on the money it pays to aid in the construc-
tion of this road. I call his attention to the
provision in the second section, that "the
amount so paid shall equal the amount paid by
the United States, as provided in section one,
after which all further payments to the United
States shall cease." And the other provision,
so far aa I understand it, contemplates only
the payment of the actual amount which the
Government has furnished—nothing for inter-
est on the money that has been paid by the
Government.
Mr. PBICE. I reply to that by saying that
tl.o committee did not contemplate that any
sum should be paid by the company to the Gov-
ern m.ent for interest on the guarantee of these
bonds. And further, T eall the attention of
the House again to this provision: if on the
1st day of July, 1807. twenty-five miles of that
road shall be finished, then the company come
to the Government and say that it must indorse
their bonds for $20,000 a mile on each of those
miles. Mind, that before the ink is dry on the
indorsement the road is in running order, and
is earning money, which money, by another
frevision of the bill, is to be paid into the
'reasury. At the end of six months the holder
of the stock comes to the Government to re-
ceive the interest on his guarantied stock. If
in the mean time enough money has been paid
in to the Government to pay said guarantied
interest, th? Government pays nothing. There
was no intention on the part of the framers
of this bill that the Government should receive
any interest on the payments it might make on
account of guarantied interest on stock.
Mr. SHELLABAllGEK. I wish the gen-
tleman, chairman of the committee "which
reports this bill, would let me state what I
understand the effect of this bill to be in some
of the respects in which I think it bad. In the
first place, the original bill incorporating this
company bestowed upon this corporation forty
sections of land to the mile in the Territories
and twenty sections to the mile within the
States. Then the third section of this bill
enables the corporation to sell this land in fee-
simple, and place the proceeds in the power
of the corporation. This vast revenue is thus
taken from the Treasury of the United States,
and the only pledge or security that any of
the proceeds of this land will ever go to pay
back the interest on stock which the Govern-
ment has paid, and which interest may amount
to from forty to sixty million dollars, is that
the treasurer of the corporation is directed to
pay into the Treasury of the United States,
which is just no security at all.
And then, sir, there is no provision at all
for the payment of any interest to the United
States upon the moneys the Government has
paid out fortius six per cent, interest on stock,
but only the principal is to bo paid hack.
Then, again, although the United States has
virtually built this road, and the stockholders
have not-, yet they require the Government to
come in and guaranty to them that the road,
which the Government land has built for these
stockholders, shall pay them six per cent, upon
all the immense amount of stock to he issued,
and that, loo, from the date of the issue and
for not exceeding twenty years.
1 wish to know if those provisions are in sub-
stance in this bill; and if so, does the gentle-
man think this right?
Mr. PIUCE. Before my friend goes further,
I submit that ho has not fairly stated the case;
because before any guarantee is made, and long
before any money is paid, the company must
spend at least, a million or a million and a half
on the first twenty-live miles of the road, and
so on from time to time in twenty-five-mile
sections. There is to be no guarantee of inter-
est on stock until that is done. I am perfectly
willing, if the gentleman from Ohio prefers it,
that an accurate interest account-current shall
bo kept, and that you shall credit the Govern-
ment with interest on payments and charge it
with interest on payments madebythecompany.
So far as I am concerned, I ask nothing but a
fair and square transaction, such as would take
place between two men in a legitimate busi-
ness transaction ; and if the gentleman wishes
an amendment of that kind made, I presume
there will be no objection to it. I do not think,
however, it will have any practical effect on the
bill.
Now, Mr. .Speaker, I have no more to say
at present upon this matter. I do not desire
to consume the time of the House, because I
am desirous for an early vote on the bill. And
as J do not wish to deprive others of the same
privilege of debate that I enjoy, I now yield
the floor.
service on a committee.
Mr. "WILSON", of Iowa. I understood yes-
terday that the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] my colleague on the Committee on the
Judiciary, was unwell and would not be able
to be in the House. He is in his seat this
morning, and I therefore ask to be excused
from serving on the committee of conference
on ihefhabeas corpus bill, so that that gentle-
man may be placed upon it as he had charge
of the bill when it was reported to the House.
There being no objection, Mr. Wilson*, of
Iowa, was relieved from service on the com-
mittee of conference, and Mr Cook was ap-
pointed by the Speaker to fill his place.
northern pacijic railroad again.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, there
is a vast deal of difference between being for
a Pacific railroad and being for a particular
kind of railroad covering or intended to cover
the same ground. Now, there is no individual
here, nor is there an individual whose constit-
uents are more interested in a northern Pacific
railroad than mine are. We of the Northwest,
generally, are deeply interested in a bill for a
northwestern Pacific railroad; but we have
always before when a bill of this kind, involving
millions, came up here allowed it to be dis-
cussed, and let everybody talk about it who
wanted to do it; at least we were always willing
to give our friends a fair and impartial hearing.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have myself always dis-
trusted any bill that brought with it a " lobby.''
I have always distrusted any bill where that
class of men known as "the lobby" have to
go behind my constituents and got them to
instruct me.
Now, sir, I have lived in my district since I
was twenty-one years of age. I know about
everybody there, and about everybody there
knows me. And yet this class of men have
thought that they could instruct me about a
matter involving the interests of my constitu-
ents among whom I have lived and among
whom I expect to die. Within the last three
days I have had sent to me nineteen extracts
from western papers, not to speak of sundry
instructions from the Chicago Board of Trade.
Now, I hope that the man who went out there
and got up those instructions for me got his
per diem and mileage. [Laughter.] And if
he cannot get other jobs of this kind, then let
some one try to get him the place of a clerk of
one of our committees, or recommend him to
a place in some of the Departments.
Now, the first knowledge I had- of this bill
was conveyed to me by a constituent of mine,
who stated that there was some effort being
made to create public feeling in favor of this
bill. "But," he says, "1 think there is some
trick in it; you better watch the bill; I fear
they want to^ change the location, for it looks
to us as if it was intended to be a Canada
road."
Now, I supposed that when this matter came
up I would be allowed to know something about
it, to have a chance to examine-a subject that
so interests the great Northwest. But I do not
know anything about it.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] saysheknowsnothingabout
it. I would ask him if he has seen the Chicago
Tribune.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If the gentleman had
paid attention to my speech, he would have
seen that I alluded to all these articles in the
papers.
Last evening was set apart for the discussion
of this bill. And when we came here we found
a bill before us involving millions of dollars,
concerning my constituents, concerning the
whole northwestern country. And it was to be
put through under the previous question. And
how is the thing to be managed? A man gets
the floor and then allows about three minutes
or five minutes each to a few men to say some-
thing upon it. And considering the number
who were to be allowed to speak, I estimate
that each member was worth about ten million
dollars to the company. [Laughter.]
iNow, I take up the bill and examine it, and
i. i there is a forerunner in it. Now,
though not much of a lawyer, I have always
understood that if an original charter has been
violated in any way, and you can by hook or
crook get it recognized by any little side-way
legislation afterward,' it will remove all the
difficulty. Now, 1 looked at the bill with that
