1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2185
view. And then I went to the original charter,
and I find there a large number of corpora-
tors. Now, it is always the way, when you
want to dignify a thing of this kind, and want
to take a great appropriation out of the public
Treasury, to put in a large lot of names of dis-
tinguished people. And the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Piucu] has had read here a letter
from General Grant. All I would ask is, if
freneral Grant lias ever been eonccrncd in
this company since his name was put in the
original charter?
Now, in our western country when we get
up calls of meetings we always put on some
big names as the speakers, although we do not
know that they will be there; and then we
have our board of managers to attend to all
the little business of the meeting. A great
many names of big men arc published in big
letters on the bills as having been invited and
as being expected to attend the meeting.
[Laughter.]
If members will turn to the act of incorpo-
ration of 1804, they will find the names of these
corporators. They werenottaken, as is often the
case, from those who are members of the body
passing the legislation, for 1 find among them
the name of but one member of this House.
But there is the name of General Grant; and
not only his name, but the name of General
Fr6mont also. Now, the question I want an-
swered is, what hav" these men done? They
were named in the charter; and if they wore
not willing to comply with the conditions of
tho charter, are they willing to give it up and
let others come in and take, the charter? Have
they ever organized under that charter? My
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] whose name
1 find here, I know will take no offense if I
ask him if he can give us any information upon
the subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 can only say, in reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wkxtwoutu,]
that 1 learned this morning lor tho first lime
that my name was inserted in this statute. 1
was not a member of tho last Congress, and was
never consulted upon the subject. I have no
information upon the subject, and therefore can
impart none to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Now, I have proved
exactly what I wanted to prove, that a large
number of respectable men are in the same
position as the gentleman from Ohio, and do
not know that their names have been used in
this act as corporators. But there are some
persons who know their names are hero; there
are some who are running this machine under
the names of these di;tiuguislied men. Now,
who are they? They ask this House to give
them fifty or sixty million dollars. Yet one.
of the men who arc named in the act as corpo-
rators did not know that his name was there.
Still, because 1 say this it is intimated that I
had bettor look out or I shall be set down as
an enemy to my own section of country and
an enemy to the Northern Pacific railroad.
Now, I want to know who arc really the
corporators in this company—who are the
active men. I want to know who is the pres-
ident of this road, and I want t o know how near
he lives to the Canada line. Can anybody tell
•who the president of this road is? I would
like to have an answer, if anybody can give it
officially. I do not want any guess-work.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I can inform the
gentleman who is the president of this road.
He is a personal friend and an old acquaint-
ance of mine, formerly Governor of my State—
a gentleman for whose integrity and ability I
will vouch here and elsewhere. His name is
John Gregory Smith. Ho is one of the rail-
road men of Vermont, operating one of tho
most extensive railroads in New England; and
he desires the protection of these interests, so
that this road to the Pacific may go through
our own country, contributing to its wealth and
prosperity, instead of going through her Bri-
tannic Majesty's dominions in Canada, where
the road must go unless this company can get
some aid from Congress.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. WentWOBth] to yield to me for
a moment.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Does the gentleman
from West Virginia [Mr. Whai,ey] wish to say
anything on this subject?
Mr. WHALEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. WHALEY. I merely wish to say that
when I saw my friend from Illinois upon tho
floor I thought it an excellent opportunity for
mo to speak on this subject for three or four
minutes, which I know ho would not refuse
to grant me. Lot mc sajT that the argument
which that gentleman has presented against
this bill, it appears to me, is, to use a western
phrase, a ''stumper."
1 wish to say further, that while during the
last live years i have voted for almost all works
of national improvement, stretching from Maine
into the "Territories, [ have come to the con-
clusion that before wo impose upon our people
any heavier taxation for carrying on works of
this character, before drawing from the Treas-
ury of the United States increased appropria-
tions of mouey, or pledging the credit of the
United States to any greater extent, we should,
in a straightforward and honest manner, meet
our obligations to the brave soldiers of the
nation, and pass a bill to equalize the bounties
of the men who volunteered in 1801 and 1802.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I want gentlemen to understand what 1 am driv-
ing at. I •want to know whether wo are to have
this Northern Pacific railroad completed or
not. I <!o not want to be personally offensive,
because I am now speaking in the dark; and
" in the night," it is said, " all cats are grey."
I want to know who else are interested in this
road; and I would like to know, if my friend
from Vermont can tell mc, whether they have
ever paid in anything.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. ] am not able, Mr.
Speaker, to give the gentleman the information
he requires. 1 have had no personal connec-
tion with this road. But I am assured by gen-
tlemen in whom I have tho utmost confidence
that this enterprise is undertaken in good faith,
and it is to bo controlled by one of the most
intelligent, influential, and wealthy men in my
own or any other portion of tho country.
Mr. WENTWOltTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I was at one time the mayor of a city ; and we
sometimes arrested men for playing what was
called " the confidence game." [Laughter.]
Now, sir, 1 shall not vote this number of
millions out of the Treasury in any generous
confidence. I know and have proved to this
House by my friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
there is at least one man who does not know
anything about it. 1 believe there are nine out
of ten who are in the same position. Here is
nearly a page of names of men from different
States in the Union.
But where is the report? I call tho atten-
tion of tho House to the fact that we have not
a single report to guide us. Suppose a man
has to defend himself for supporting this meas-
ure; suppose lie makes a statement and one in
the crowd alleges that it is false, what can he
do? Give us tho documents; that will settle
the matter. It is the question of veracity. That
man will have to write here, "My dear friend,
be so kind as to send me the report of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, as I am
sciiously attacked on the subject." We will
have to reply there is no report. It is, as has
been remarked, voting money out of the Treas-
ury without a report.
Now, when you see a man with eyes which
cannot bear light you may conclude they are
weak. If men shun light it is because they
cannot bear it. [Laughter.] I am one, of tho
individuals who want, light. I want to know
whether I am to take this or not. Give me
responsible railroad men, take out the names
of politicians; take out the names of claim
agents; give me responsible railroad men,
one from each State, and I will vote for this
hill. I will do anything to get a fair and
honest Pacific railroad.
I have sought information from the House to
know to whom this money is to go ; who will
give it to mo ?
One would suppose, Mr. Speaker, what they
really wanted was money to build the road.
There is always something else in these acts
of incorporation. Hence acts of incorporation
should Bo watched. More than all we should
watch acts amending acts of incorporation.
Let us see what it is. It is said that the peo-
ple of Chicago are to be benefited by this. If
so, then I shall be benefited with the people
of my city.
I call attention of tho House to the reason
why this should go to tho Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. In looking over the
names I find among tho corporators in the
act passed in 18G4 tho present president of this
road, John Gregory Smith, who represents this
road not as a lobbyist, and presenter of claims
before this Congress.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does he know that he
is president? [Laughter.]
Mr-. BLAINE. Among the incorporators of
this road are presidents of two leading railroads
in my own State, one at present one of tho
directors of this road—Richard D. Rice and
Anson P. Morris—two gentlemen for whom I
will vouch everywhere.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Do they know they
are there? [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. They know they are there,
and I know they are there.
Mr. SIlELLABAliGER. I ask tho gentle-
man to yield to me.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I yield to my friend
as ho always talks sense.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I want to put a
question to my friend from Vermont as he
seems to bo familiar with the history of this
corporation. A statement was made to me by
a gentleman of eminently good character, for-
merly a member of this House, that tho fact
might be known. Ho was a stockholder in this
company, I understand, and is perfectly familiar
with the facts. I understood he wanted the
fact known, although he did not want his name
connected with the matter. I know nothing
about it personally. His statement was this:
that the gentlemen who had been instrumental
and at considerable expense in getting this act
passed by the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and who
are connected with it as stockholders, made
a contract to transfer their interest; that it was
to be put in writing, but it was wholly or partly
repudiated ; that the contract provided for the
payment of some one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars; and that now these parties having
purchased the franchise, virtually repudiated
their engagements, and come into Congress for
the purpose of getting these large additional
values to this franchise obtained under such
circumstances. That is the statement. About
the truth of it I know nothing in the world.
Mr. DELANO. Allow mo to say in this
connection that I have substantially the same
information from another source.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. 1 will answer that
question so far as I know, and I am known
well enough in this House, 1 hope, to have it
believed; I would not lend myself or my in-
fluence in any lespeet to get through an
improper, unjust, or dishonest claim.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Name the prominent
railroad men.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Onslow Stearns,
a prominent railroad man in New England, a
man who stands as high as Mr. Ogden of the
gentleman's own district, who has done more
to build up and develop the railroad system^of
the West than anv other man in his district.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Gentlemen interrupt
me and keep going off on side issues. What I
want is the facts. All these big men are not
in the bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Yes, sir, they are.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Where is the proof
of it? Why do not they tell me the names of
the officers of the company ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I know some of the
