1866.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3145
As organized States, enjoying all the rights and
privileges of States that had never rebelled?
Have they constitutions and laws that the Gen-
eral Government is bound torespect? Nothing
of the kind, sir. Did these conquered provinces
still have the right to hold and treat men and
women as slaves? Did Virginians still have
the right, to make merchandise of their own
sons and daughters, as formerly? Did the Pres-
ident of the United States recognize the exist-
ence of their corps of State officers ? No, sir;
President Johnson rccognized the existence of
neither governor, judge, nor marshal among
them, but rightfully and properly ignored and
rejected the idea'of a State officer in all rebel-
dom, and went to work and appointed tempo-
rary officers to act for the time being. I he
moment these States fired the first gun against
the flag of the Union their State governments
tumbled into nonentity; and if the rebellion had
been squelched in four months instead of four
years, the results as to their State governments
would have been the same.
Now, sir, can a State government exist four
years without an officer to execute its laws? if
it can, how many years can it not exist without
officers ? Then, sir, if the position taken at the
outset be correct, that a State cannot exist with-
out officers to execute its laws, I have demon-
strated that there was no State government in
any of those Territories at the close of the re-
bellion ; and as a matter of course they were
not then in the Union his States, nor are they
yet in the Union as such. I know that the
question arises here, "What became of the rights
of those who remained loyal in those Territo-
ries if their rights as States were all forfeited?"
I answer, their natural rights remain, but then-
political rights for the time being all went down
with their governments. This is their misfor-
tune, and not the fault of the General Govern-
ment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it appears to me that the
stains of these so-called Stales is perfectly
clear. As Slates they are out of the Union,
having lost some of the essential elements of a
State, and also having forfeited all their rights
as such ; but as Territories they are in the
Union. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House claim that if these Territories are not in
the Union as States, then the Union is dis-
solved. This assertion is ridiculously absurd.
Did not the Union once exist with but nine
States, and afterwards with thirteen? Now,
sir, if it then existed with these numbers can
it not now exist with twenty-three Stales?
The loyal States did not prosecute the war
for the purpose of sustaining State govern-
ments. Ask the tens of thousands of patriot
soldiers who left wives and children that they
loved dearer than life and went into the swamps
and fens of the southern States, fought upon
a hundred battle-fields and languished in pris-
ons and camps, what they made this terrible
sacrifice for; would they answer, "to sustain
State governments?" No, sir; not a bit of
it. What did they care whether the tyrannical
government of South Carolina, or the barba-
rous government of Virginia was sustained or
not? They fought for no such paltry purpose;
but they did fight, and the heroes who now fill
honored graves died, to sustain national au-
thority in all those territories. That is what
the war was waged to sustain, not State gov-
ernments. 1 ask gentlemen on the other side
of the Hall if that was a failure. Is any part
of the United States territory now under a
foreign government? No, thank God ! the
stars and stripes, surmounted by the American
eagle, now wave triumphantly over every foot
of soil the United States ever owned. The
General Government holds and exercises all
the prerogatives now that it held in those States
before the rebellion, and also all forfeited by
them. The rebels have all they acquired by
the rebellion and all the General GcA'crnment
has conceded to them since its suppression,
and no more.
In view of the foregoing facts in reference to
those States lately in rebellion, 1 arrive at the
following conclusions : First, that they are not
in the Union as States. Second, that they are
in it as Territories. Third, that rebels have no
rights except those conceded to them since
their subjugation. Fourth, that Congress may
rightfully and lawfully dispose of all those Ter-
ritories as she thinks proper, under two restric-
tions, namely: first, must secure to all that
may be organized into States a "republican
form of government;" second, must respect the
private rights of the loyal inhabitants. Fifth,
rebels have no jnst grounds for complaints
while their lives arc spared to them, as they
staked rights, property, and life itself upon the
chances of war and lost all. Sixth, that Con-
gress has a perfect right to admit them or any of
them to the enjoyment of State privileges now,
at some future period, or never, as she may
judge best calculated to promote the general
welfare.
Now, Mr. Speaker, whether these statements
and conclusions are all correct or not, they are
the honest convictions of my heart, and I be-
lieve them true as certainly as I believe that
God lives: consequently, I shall vote most
heartily and cheerfully forthe proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not sup-
pose any words 1 may utter on this occasion
will arrest the predetermined action of the
large majority of this House, but I propose to
call the attention of the House and the country,
in a few remarks, to the strange spectacle which
is now being exhibited by the Representatives
of only a portion of the States of this Union.
What do we see ? A determined and persist-
ent effort to exclude from the national Legis-
lature the Representatives of eleven States.
We see a majority of the Representatives of
the twenty-five States here represented saying,
in a proposed amendiuentto (lie Constitution, to
be followed up by legislation, to the eleven
States which are unrepresented, that they shall
never come within these walls unless they con-
sent to and adopt all the conditions which shall
be imposed by this majority of the twenty-five
States.
More than this, and 1 say it here because
I have the firm conviction that it is true ; the
majority on this floor represent to-day a minor-
ity of the people of the United States. Take my
own State, Ohio, with one hundred and ninety-
four thousand Democratic voters at the elec-
tion last October. She has on this floor but
two members representing that immense vote,
while the two hundi ed and twenty-fonrthousand
who voted the Republican ticket for Governor
Cox in 1805 have seventeen Representatives
on this floor, and in the Senate they have both
members. If a fair vote of the people of Ohio
were taken to-day as to whether the restoration
policy of the President orthe obstruction policy
of the radicals of this Congress should be sus-
tained, I believe a majority of the people of
Ohio would be in favor of sustaining the policy
of the President and of the two Democratic
Representatives of that State on this floor.
Mi'. Speaker, this is not the time to make
amendments to the Constitution.
Time will not allow me to examine the whole
of this proposition, and I will confine my re-
marks to the second andthird sections. Now,
what is proposed by the second section of this
amendment? The purpose of the section is to
reduce representation in this'House in all the
States which exclude the negro from voting.
To exclude from the count the entiie colored
population of the States whose constitutions or
laws may deprive these people of the right of
suffrage. While this section admits the right
of the States thus to exclude negroes from
voting, it says to them, if you do so exclude
them they shall also ba excluded from all rep-
resentation ; and you shall suffer the penalty by
loss of representation. It seeks to do by in-
direction that which gentleman shrink from
doing in a direct manner, namely, to compel
the States to adopt negro suffrage. Why do
you not present this question in an open and
square way. and make the issue of negro suf-
frage direct before the people?
What is to be the effect of this amendment?
in order to avoid the effect of this proposition
before the people at the coming October and
November elections, you have worded it in the
manner in which it is presented to this House
so as to enforce, if possible, through motives
of interest, negro suffrage in those States where
they reside in large numbers. How will this
amendment affect such States? Let us take it
as applied to a lew of the States of this Unioa.
Take the State of Maine. According to the
census of 1800, Maine had 107,72-1 white males
over the age of twenty-one years. How many
black males had she over that age? Only 802.
So, then, it does not at all affect the power and
influence of that State on this floor.
But look at Maryland. By the census of
1860 she had a. population of 128,371 white
male citizens of the age of twenty-one, and at
the same time she had a population of 38,030
black males over that age. • This proposition,
therefore, strikes from the number of Repre-
sentatives of the State of Maryland one fourth
of her representation on this iloor; and takes
away at least one of her members.
Take the State of South Carolina. It is well
known that her black population arc in the
majority. By the census of 1800 she had
08,151 white males over.the age of twenty-one,
and 02,023 blacks over that age. More than
one half of the representation of that State
will therefore be excluded.
Mississippi is in the same condition. That
State by the same census contained 84,338 white
males over twenty-one years of age. and 98,510
blacks. So she will lose in the same propor-
tion.
New Hampshire had in 1800 a white male
population over the age of twenty-one years
of <)1,94i. How many black males do you
suppose she had over that age? Only 149.
The disinterested gentlemen from such States
'are for changing the basis of representation, so
that it shall increase relatively their power here.
They propose, while they believe they have the
power to do so, to make this great change
deeply affecting the rights and interests of
Stales which are denied all right to discuss
and vote on such a grave, proposition in either
House of Congress, and thus reduce by at least
twenty-five the number of members to which
the States to be affected by this amendment
are now by the Constitution and laws of the
United States entitled.
But I cannot dwell upon this second section.
Considering the fact that eleven Slates are now
denied all representation here, it is an effort
outside of constitutional power to change this
Government. What did the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bot'TWEM,]
declare one month ago on this floor in refer-
once to this question. He used this language:
"Well, sir, I am for a. T"11ion, and for that Union
only in which there is snh.-tant ial justiec among th'o
men and between tile States'comiiOMnK it."
Not the Union, not the old Union, of which
that old flag [pointing to the flag o\er the
Speaker's chair] is emblematic; no, sir, but
for "a Union." Ho further naid:
" I accept one fact., ami no gentleman can escapo
tlio forcc of thai, fact, and that that tho.je eleven
States arc notto-dav represented in the Congress of
this country, and with my consent they never shall
be until this inequality is adjusted or its adjustment
provided for."
That is the proposition, that these eleven
States are not, to bo represented until the ine-
quality of representation, of which gentlemen
now complain, shall be provided for. Provided
for, how and by whom? By the remaining
twenty-five States through two thirds of their
representatives upon the floor of the Senate
and House of Representatives. Sir, there is no
warrant for such a thing in the Constitution.^
But I cannot dwell upon this proposition in
the limited time that is allowed me. There is
another section in this amendment to which 1
will now refer. There was a celebrated third
section in the proposition which passed this
House a month ago. If I understood the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevkns] correctly this morning, he said he
was going to vote for the amendments made
