1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
II
erally there to superintend the interests of con-
tributors.
Mr. CLARK. That is the point to which I
p ointed directly, to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I find in the report
of the Secretary of State the following list of
officers or persons selected for this business:
"John Bigelow, Esq., (the minister of the Uni-
ted States at Paris,) special agent of the United
States for the exposition, (without extra com-
pensation for that service;) N. M. Beckwith,
Esq., commissioner general of the United
States, (without compensation;) Monsieur J. F.
Loubat, honorary commissioner of the United
States, (without compensation;) J. C. Derby,
Esq., general agent in the United States, resi-
dent at New York," with an implication that
he is to have compensation.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated that
he is.
Mr. CLARK. So I understood the Senator.
Now, I desire to inquire why, if it is necessary,
as it certainly is, to limit the number of clerks
and prescribe their compensation, we should
not do the same in regard to the general agent.
Why should we leave that matter, as to him,
in the indefinite manner this resolution does?
Why should we not fix his salary as well ? If
it is necessary to fix the salary of the clerks,
why not of the general agent, instead of allow-
ing him to run us ad libitum to any expense for
services that he may think best? I merely make
the suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senator any prop-
osition to make on that subject?
Mr. CLARK. I have not, because it is now
to me, and 1 thought the committee might have
considered the subject. I found the report yes-
terday in some haste after the adjournment of
the Senate, aud had not time to read the whole
of it, because it is very voluminous.
Mr. SUMNER. There is nothing on that
point that appears in the report, to my knowl-
edge. There is nothing in the report with ref-
erence to the compensation of the agent.
Mr. CLARK. 1 will then inqure of the Sen-
ator whether he had not better himself take a
little time to see what those services will prob-
ably be, and endeavor to fix a reasonable com-
pensation for them, so that the Senate may
know the point beyond which it will not be
required to go. Perhaps by reflection by him-
self, perhaps by a conference with the Secre-
tary of State, that may be arrived at, or if there
should be insuperable difficulties to fixing it,
we might know the reason why. That would
be a little more considerate legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. The joint resolution that i
is now under consideration did not come origi-
nally from the committee of the Senate ; it came
from the House of Representatives, and I un-
derstood that they had in view further action
by another bill or resolution hereafter, in which
some other points relating to this question
should be treated. The committee of the Sen-
ate confined their attention to the points act-
ually presented by the resolution as it came
from the other House, and they undertook to
affirm all that the House had adopted and rec-
ommended its passage ; beyond that the com-
mittee have not gone. This resolution makes
no appropriation for the compensation of the
chief agent: that question is left open.
Mr. CLARK. It is very true that this is a
House resolution; but nevertheless it came to
the iSenate, and by the Senate was referred to
the committee for the committee's action. The
committee have considered it, and reported it
back here without making any provision with
respect to the compensation or salary of the
general agent. Now, it would seem that if any
limitation was to be fixed upon the amount of
his compensation, it should be -done in the bill
or resolution which provides for his employ-
ment, so that when you look to find the au-
thority for his employment you may find ex-
actly the pay which he shall have; and it may
be material for the Senate to consider whether
they will employ this man until they know what
is to bo his pay. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts' that if we are to fix any limit
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 11.
to this man's wages, it should be done here in
the measure that provides for his employment.
This is the very point to do it. I have no hos-
tility to this joint resolution generally; I have
certainly no hostility to its object; "j merely
suggest whether it would not be better to do
this right here in the very place where provis-
ion is made for the employment. If 1 knew
what would be a fair compensation for the gen-
eral agent 1 would move that amendment; but
I am at a loss to know, because I am not aware
what services may be required of him. I would
not wish to stint him in his pay for any services
fairly rendered. The Senator certainly ought
to know what will be required of this agent, or
at least the nature of the business which will be
required of him. 1 think we had better have
the limitation here.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator perseveres in
his suggestion, I shall not oppose it. I only
suggest to the Senate that this resolution sim-
ply undertakes to provide for a certain class of
cases, and does not go beyond that. The Sen-
ator wishes it to go further. I have already
said that there are other matters in connection
with this exposition which must come up here-
after in another tiill or resolution, and 1 doubt
not, though I am not able to say positively, that
the House of Representatives, in adopting the
measure they have adopted, limiting it to the
eases to which they have confined it, had in
view subsequentlegislation. which was to treat
other parts of the question. If the Senator
thinks it advisable that we here, in this stage,
should undertake to treat the other part of the
question beyond that which has actually been
presented to us by the Department of State and
by the House of Representatives, I am ready
that the resolution should lie over for further
consideration.
Mr. CLARK. Ipreferthatitshouldlieover,
for although we may have another bill treating
of other matters, i think the Senator cannot say-
that that other bill will provide for the salary
of this general agent, and we may be put to the
necessity of moving the amendment, upon that
bill. We may as well do it here as anywhere.
Mr. SUMNER. I would only remind the
Senator that in this matter time is of some im-
portance. It has been delayed so that the in-
terests of contributors have suffered.
Mr. CLARK. It may be that time is all-
important ; but the exhibition is not to com-
mence until 1807, and I think if we take one
day to fix this salary we shall not cause any
injury.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator had read
the report, he would have seen that though the
exhibition does not open till the 1st of May,
18G7, it is expressly required by conditions that
the articles must be there months before that
time, and the United States is now behind.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that, and 1 un-
derstand also that the time has been extended;
but still I do not think we shall suffer by a de-
lay of one day. I move that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
bounty or missouri troops.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which wasconsideredby unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Rcohed, That the Secretary of War "bo requested
to iufoim the Senate whether the bounty ofSlOO, au-
thorized by tho fifth section ot the act of Congress,
approved July^2, 1861, entitled " An aet t(> authorise
the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing: the
laws and protecting public property," lias been paid
to the ten regimcntsof threeycars'\olunteerf* organ-
ized in Mi^ouri and mustered into tbeUnited states
service, known a- Missouri State militia; and. if not
paid, that he state the reasons now existing tor such
refusal.
bills introduced.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, andby unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 05) to amend an act to extend the charter
of the Alexandria and Washington railroad,
passed March 3. 1803; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unammoas consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No: 68)
to facilitate commercial, postal, and military
communication aroongtheseveralStates; wMcfi
was read twice by its title, and refetre.fi to the
Committee on Comifierce.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance gf previous/
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce/
a bill (S. No.. 67) to increase apd fix tho nnli-i
tary peace establishment of the United States;\
which was read twiee by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to -be printed.
message l'kom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 24) for the relief of Lueretia M.
Perry, widow of the late Nathaniel H. Perry,
United States Navy; in which it requested the
concurrencp of the Senate.
The message also returned to the Senate, in
compliance with its request, the bill (S. No. 10)
for the relief of Josiah O. Amies.
inter-state intercourse.
The message further requested the Senate
to return to the House of Representatives the
bill (H. R. No. 11) to facilitate commercial,
postal, and military intercourse among the sev-
eral States.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill just called for
by the House of Representatives is at present
in the possession ol the Committee on Com-
merce. I move that that committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill, and that it be returned by the Secretary
to the House, according to the request of that
body.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL subsequently said: A few
moments ago the Senator from Michigan made
a motion to discharge the Committee on Com-
merce from the consideration of a bill which
had been referred to them, with a view of re-
turning it to the House of Representatives. I
think the attention of the Senate was not called
to the sit uation of that bill, and it may be ques-
tionable whether wc can properly do what has
been attempted. The bill alluded to was read
twice in tho Senate, and referred to a commit-
tee, and was in the possession of that commit-
tee. Now, if in this stage the Senate undertakes
to return the bill to the House, what is its con-
dition? It has already had two readings here.
Ought we not to reconsider that action ? I have
never known a case of this kind before. It is
common for one House to return a bill to the
other House before it has taken aQtion; but after
a bill has been read twice in this body, it occurs
to me that to return it to the other House places
it in a very strange situation. Perhaps we ought
to reconsider what the Senate has done. Sen-
ators more familiar with parliamentary rules
than I am may know how the fact is; tat I have
never known a case like this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe it has always
been the custom, when such a message has
been received from either House, for the other
House at once to accede to it: such has been
the practice according to my observation, and
hence I made the motion. I am sure it is ac-
cording to the usage of the Senate; whether it
is strictly right or not, I cannot tell.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand the Senator from Illinois
to make any motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to reconsider
the vote of the Senate by which the bill was
ordered to be returned to the House of Repre-
sentatives, so as to hold it until the question
can be considered here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator wish (hat question put to the Senate at
the present time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. "Why not let it lie on the
table for the present?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My_ object is merely to
let it lie until we can look into the matter.
