3146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
by the Senate and now pending before this
House. I ask the Clerk to read what the gen-
tleman said a month ago on this same'question.
On the day the final vote was taken in this
House on the amendments reported by the
joint committee of fifteen the gentleman from
Pennsylvania rallied his friends to the support
of that celebrated third section. ''The third
section or nothing," was his cry. I will ask
the Clerk to read what the gentleman said on
that occasion.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Stkvbns. I should bo sorry to find that that
provision was stricken out, because before any por-
tion of this can be put into operation there will be,
if not a Herod, a worse than Herod elsewhere to ob-
struct our actions. That ,«ide of the .House will be
filled with yelling secessionists and hissing coppcr-
neads. Give us the third section or give us nothing.
Do not mock us with the pretense of an amendment
which throws the Union into the hands of the enemy
before it becomes consolidated.
"Gentlemen say I speak of party. "Whenever party
is necessary to sustain the Union I pjy rally to your
party and save the Union. I do not hesitate to say
at once, that section is there to save or destroy the
Union party, is there to save or destroy the Union by
the salvation or destruction of the Union party."
Mr. FINCK. Thus, according to the declara-
tion of the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, the party which he represents is already
destroyed, because lie xays 4; that section is there
to save or destroy the Union party." it was
there for the safety or destruction of the party
h'e so ably icpresents. I Jut that third section
is there no longer. Jthns perished in the house
of its friends, and according to the logic of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the party he rep-
resents is destroyed. Peace lo its ashes!
Mr. KLD1UDC IS. Amen to its destruction I
Mr. F1NC1C. Now, Mr. Speaker, what have
we got in the place of the old third section?
We ha\e a proposition which no intelligent
man in this country believes will ever be rati-
fied by thice four!lis of the Slate*. I ask the
Clerk to read the thud section.
The Clerk read as follows:
No poison flinll be a ^rnatoi or Representative in
Con'rrcv^, in-electoi ol President 'ind Viee President,
01 hold ;uiy olfice, ei vil or nnlitai v, uudei the United
Slutes, or under any State, who, having previously
taken an oath as a momberot (,\mine-- , ot a- .in o!h-
cor of the United States-, or as a me in her of any State
Legisialuie, or as an executive or.iudiei.il ollieer of
any State, to support the Constitution of the United
States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against I lie same, oi given aid or comfort to the
enemies theieof. J hit Congress may by a \ otc of two
* thuds of < aeh House remove such disability.
Mr. KfN'CK. Now, the genlleman from
Pennsylvania, whose f.ivoiite third .action has
been killed, proposes lo accept in its stead the
section just, read, which does not depiive the
people of tiie States lately in tehellion of the
right, to vole, hut, of the right to hold oflicc.
Well, it is very sweeping in its operation. What
does it propose? Not only that members of
Congress, Cabinet minixfeis, and judges ofllm
Supieme Court of the United States, who \ol-
untarily went into the rebellion, hut that every
man who has exercised judicial or legislative
functions under the Federal Covernment or
under the States themselves, who went into
the rebelliongivingit-aidand comfort, shall for
ever be excluded from holding olHce, not only
under the Fedeial Government, but under the
Slate governments.
Thai, sir, is a sweeping clause. Everybody
knows that thousands ami hundreds of thou-
sands of the people of these States who went
into the rebellion and gave it aid and comfort
did so iin oluutai ily. They were compelled to
do so. Many of them were drafted. You do
not except these men from the operation of
this provision, but they are placed side by side
with Davis, Breckinridge, Toombs, Shdoll, and
Mason, and are by this section excluded from
holding any office, civil or military, either under
the Federal or State governments. f say it is
an outrage upon the people of those States who
were comppUad to give their aid and assistance
in the rebellion.
Now. sir. every man knows tha; from the very
moment the jurisdiction of the United State*
Lad been successfully resisted and ousted, so
that it had no longer power to protcct the peo-
ple within the limits of the so-called confeder-
ate power, these people were allowed by the
laws of nations to yield obedience to that power
which for the time being controlled them, and
gave them protection. That doctrine has been
Cbtablished m Ureal Hi team lor many genera-
tions, and has been recognized by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
You propose to do what you have no right
to do by law j you propose to make an cx post
facto law by an amendment to the Constitu-
tion. You propose to inflict upon these peo-
ple a punishment not known to the law in
existence at the time any offense may have
been committed, but after the offense has been
committed; you propose a punishment which
the Constitution and laws of the United States
do not now provide. You propose to disfran-
chise men who have applied for in good faith
and received pardons from the President.
Now what is the effect of a pardon? It is to
make the man pardoned a new man ; not
merely as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stkvens] would have it, to remove the
punishment prescribed by law, but to remove
all forfeitures and penalties. Such is the
weight of authority of all the decisions of the
courts without any exception.
And on this point, I will refer to some au-
thorities, which I quoted on a former occasion
in this House. Chief Justice Marshall, in the
case of the United States vs. Wilson, 7 Peters,
102, speaking on this subject of pardons in
England, said:
"As the power has been exorcised from time im-
memorial by the Kxocutivo of that nation whose
language is our language, arid to whosejudici.il in-
stitutions ours hour a close resemblance, wc adopt
their pi im iples i espeeting the operation and effect
of a. pardon, and look into their books for the rules
prescribing the manner in which it is to be used by
the person who would avail himself ot it."
In 7 Bacon's Abridgment, page 410, it is
said:
" Tt was foriueily doubted whethcra pardon could
do more t.hantake, away the punishment, leaving the
crime and its disabling consequences nmemoved.
but it is now settled that a pardon, \vhethor hy the
king oi bv art of Pat 1 lament, i emoves not only the
punishment hut all the legal disabilities consequent
on the ei one."
The doctrine is thus stnted in 1 Bishop on
Criminal I jaw, 71o :
"The c fleet of a full pardon is to absolve the paitv
Irom all the le/jal consequences of his crime, and ol
hi--. eonvK'Uon direct and collateral, including the
punishment whether of imprisonment, pecuniary
penalty, or whatever else the law provided."
Also, in o Bacon's Abridgment it is laid
down:
" It seems agreed that a pardon of treason or felony,
even after an attainder, so far clears the party irom
the infamy, and all oilier consequences theieof, that
ho rn <v hare an action against nny who shall after-
ward call him a traitor or telon, for the pardon make?
him, a^ it were, a new man."
jllackstoue says;
"A pardon may bo pleaded in bar as at onec
dc-lro>ing the end and piupo-sc of the indictment,
by remitting the punishment which the prosceution
is calculated to mthet."
Also:
"ThcefTeet of such a pardon by the king is to make
the o lien dei anew man ; to acquit him of a I! corporeal
punishment and forfeitures annexed to that offense,
for which he obtains his pardon."
Sir, the time has come lor the exercise of the
spirit of forgiveness, conciliation, and kind-
j ness, in order to restore fraternal relations
i between the sections. Mr. Speaker, I am not
| only opposed to this third section, but i am at
this time, in the present condition of the eoun-
try, opposed to all amendments to the Consti-
tution.
But the distinguished gentleman from Petm-
s\ Ivan i a is a I raid that power may pass from the
hands of his paity, and that Democrats may
again be in the majority on this floor.
Sir, I believe the time will soon come when
the power shall have passed from the radicals
who have abused it, and this Government be
unco more administered by that glorious old
party which administered it so long and so
wisely, and under which this nation advanced in
greatness and glory without a parallel in his-
tory. Gentlemen are accustomed to speak in
terms of derision of the Democratic party.
Sir, it will survive their assaults. Yes, sur-
vive to take charge of and administer this Gov-
ernment again. To heal the wounds which
have been inflicted upon the country; to bind
closer the bonds of the Union 5 to gather once
more around the common altar of the country,
in friendship and patriotic devotion, the Repre-
sentatives of all the States. Gentleman would
do well not to forget that the Democrats of
these twenty-five States, in 1864, polled eighteen
hundred thousand votes. And they should not
forget thai to-day, perhaps, these eighteen hun-
dred thousand men have, by accessions of con-
servative men. swelled into an actual majority
of the voters of these twenty-five States.
But, Mr. Speaker, whatever their numbers
may bo, they arc men who have as much inter-
est in the honor, the glory, and prosperity of
this country as any other equal number of men
within the limits of the .Republic. They are
to-day, as they have always been, devoted to
the Union of these States ; and, by the blessing
of Heaven, they are determined to maintain
that, Union, and the Constitution which pre-
serves it, against the assaults of all, whether
thev come from the North or the South.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I shall ever
consider it the crowning honor of my life that
I was permitted, as a humble member of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, to record my vote in
favor of that amendment to the Constitution
of the United States which has made our whole
country, the United States of America, emphat-
ically "the land of the free" as it is confess-
edly ''the home of the brave." And I hope
that I ma}- be permitted this day to give one
other vote whieh shall be among ihc richest
legacies 1 can transmit to my childien.
Sir, 011 the 5th day of January last it fell to
my lot to address this House in Committee of
the Whole. At the closc of my remarks on
that occasion, 1 ventured to state a number of
propositions which I supposed would satisfy
my constituency in this business of reconstruc-
tion. Among thoso propositions was one to
" amend the Constitution of the United States
in respect to apportionmentof Representatives
; and direct, thxes among the several States of
the Union, in such manner that 'people of
color' shall not be counted with the popula-
tion making up the ratio, except it be in States
where they are permitted to exercise the elect-
ive franchise.'' Among the provisions of the
amendment to the Constitution now reported
by the committee I find otic substantially cov-
ering the same ground. I say, as an individ-
ual, that I would more cheerfully give my vote
if that provision allowed nil men of proper age
whom we have made free to join in the exer-
cise of the right of suffrage in this country.
But if I cannot obtain all that I wish, 1 will go
heartily to secure all we can obtain.
Again, sir, I said, " Insert a provision in the
Constitution prohibiting the repudiation of the
national debt, and also prohibiting the assump-
tion by Congress of the rebel debt.1" That is
also incorporated among the provisions re-
ported from the committee and acted upon by
the Senate.
I also said. 11 Provide in the Constitution that
no person who has at any time taken up arms
against the United States shall ever be admit-
ted to a seat in the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives of Congress." The joint committee
and the Senate have adopted a provision which
is better hy far than the one I proposed ; I shall
most cordially vote in favor of it.
I have been told that perhaps the close of
the third section might be open to misappre-
hension and misconstruction. I desire very
briefly to give my view of that question, as one
given to the construing of laws and constitu-
tions by practice and education. The last
clause of that section is as follows:
But Congress may, by a vote of two third* :f each
House, remove f-uoh disability.
Now, st has been claimed by some that this
would put it into the power of two thirds of
each branch of Congress to annul this amend-
ment of the Constitution after it shall have been
adopted. I say that such never could be the
construction put upon this provision by any
