162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to reconsider will be entered.
DISTRICT 03? COLUMBIA SUFi'KAGE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the hill (S. No. 1)
to regulate the elective franchise in the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. As
originally introduced by Mr. Wade, it proposed
to declare that hereafter each and every male
person, of the age of twenty-one years and up-
ward, who has not been convicted of any in-
famous crime or offense, and who is a cilizen of
the United States, and who shall have resided
in the District of Columbia for the period of six
months previous to any election therein, shall
be entitled to the elective franchise, and shall be
deemed an elector and entitled to vote at any
election in the District, without any distinction
or discrimination on account of color, race, or
nationality. The second section provided tlmtif
any person or persons shall willfully interi upt or
disturb any such elector in the exercise of such
franchise, he or they shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof, shall
be fined in any sum not to exceed $1,000, or be
imprisoned in the cell or dungeon of the jail in
said District, and fed on bread and water only,
for a period not to exceed thirty days, or both,
at the discretion of the court; and the third
section proposed to make it the duty of the
several courts having criminal jurisdiction in the
District to give the, act in special charge 1o the
grand jury at the commencement of each term
of the court.
The bill having been referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, was reported
with amendments, the first of which was in sec-
tion one. line four, after the words -'male per-
son" to insert " excepting paupers and persons
under guardianship."
Mr. RIDDLE. The bill comes from a com-
mittee of which 1 am a member, and I ask that
it.be postponed, and made the special order
for Tuesday next.
Several Senators. What day ?
Mr. RIDDLE. Any day of next week will
suit me ; say Tuesday.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will allow
the bill to be considered so for as to act, on the
amendments at the present time, perhaps there
will be no objection to his suggestion.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am perfectly willing to
have that done.
The P RES I DENT pro tempure. The Chair
understands the Senator from Delaware to with-
draw for the present his motion to postpone.
Mr. RIDDLE. Yes. sir.
The first amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was infection one. line
seven, to insert, after the words "UnitedStaies"
the words •' and who shall be able to read the
Constitution of the United Siates in the Eng-
lish language, and write his name."
Mr. YATES. I was not present at the
meeting of the Committee on the District of
Columbia when this question was considered ;
and unless there is some urgency for immedi-
ate action, I shouldliko to have the bill and the
amendments recommitted to the committee. I
make that motion.
Mr. WADE. I should like to hear from the
Senator from Minos what particular reason he
has for the proposed recommittal, v. hat amend-
ments or alterations he would wish to have the
committee consider, because we hardly know
what the Senator considers thedefects in it, or
wherein he wants it further considered.
Mr. MORRILL, and others, lie is on the
committee, and was not present when it was
acted on.
Mr. W.\D13._ Very well, I hare no objection
to the recommittal if the Senaior has hail no
opportunity to examine the bill.
Mr. POME ROY. It this bill is to lie recom-
mitted—and 1 have no objection to that course—
I wish to make a suggestion or two to the com-
mittee in regard to this amendment. If we are
to base the franchise upon the ability of the in-
dividual to read and wiite the Constitution of |
the United States, I submit whether we ought to |
leqnire him to be able to read and write itin-j
English. A person may be very well educated ]
in some languages, and yet not in the English
language. In the State that I. in part, represent,
we have to print our laws in German. We find
persons very well educated in the German lan-
guage, and very loyal, who cannot read a word of
English—men who are good citizens, too, and
good voters. I submit that a person may have
a very good education without knowing English.
That is the first suggestion I would make.
The second is, that I have my doubts whether
we ought to require reading and writing at all.
There is a class of people that we have legis-
lated away from the spelling-book and the Bible,
whom we have legislated out of school; and
now, as we are introducing a new order of things,
a new civilization, emancipation having taken
place and having had effect everywhere, we come
to these people and tell them, "Now, if you can
read and write, you shall have the franchise."
It might do very well to apply it to persons who
have alwayshad educational oppoi tuni ties, white
men who ha\ e had schools open to them all their
liv es and have not availed themselves of them.
It would not be as hard to deprive them of the
franchise for that reason ; but here is a class of
persons that by a systematic course of legisla-
tion have been prevented from learning to read
and write. If we intend to do anything l'or them
wo had better just do the fair thing, and let them
vote. Dut after having legislated them away
from schools and science and everything else, to
thrust, in their faces a law saving, ''If you can
read and write, you can vote," I think is adding
insult to injury. <
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest that the question now is not on
the merits of the amendments, but on the refer-
ence of the amendments and the bill to the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to my friend from
Illinois to allow the bill to bo considered in
other respects. I understand his objection to
lie to this amendment. There arc other amend-
ments to the bill which 1 am very anxious
should be perfected, and I would like to have
the Senate consent, informally to pass over this
amendment and consider the other amend-
ments to which there may be no objection.
Then 1 shall not resist the motion to recommit.
Mr. YATES. On the suggestion of the chair-
man of the committee, I withdraw the motion
to recommit for the present. .
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move now that we pass
over the amendment under consideration in-
formally. and proceed to the consideration of
the other amendments reported by the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, that course will be taken. This
amendment will be considered as passed by
temporarily, and the next, amendment reported
by the committee will be read.
The Secretary read the next, amendment,
which was in section one. hue thirteen, to
strike out, the words " or discrimination," and
in line fourteen to strike out the words "or
nationality;" so that the clause will read:
And shall bo deemed an elector and cntitfed to vote
at any election in said Ilistiiet, without any distinc-
tion on account of color or race.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, reported by the com-
mittee was to insert as section two the follow-
ing:
Bsc. 2. A w? t ' il furlh r eaaci'-d, That any person
whos'e duty it shall tip to receive vol <■- at any election
within the District of Columbia, who shall willfully
retuso to receive or who shall willfully reject the vote
of any peivou entitled to ,-ic-h ri^ht under this act,
shall ho liable to an action of tortbj the person in-
jured, and s'natt t)o liable, on indictment and com lo-
tion, it such act was done know in^h , to a tine not e:. -
      So.fiUO, or to imprisonment for a Term not
exceeding one year in the jall of said Disti vt, or to
both.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two of
the original bill, line six, after the words im-
prisoned in." to strike out ■' the cell or dungeon
of;" and inline seven of the same section, after
the word "District," to strike out" and fed on
bread and water only ;" so that the clause will
read:
Shall ho fined in any sum not to exceed ^1,000, or bo
imprisoned in the jail in said District for a period not
to excecd thirty days, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. MX the
amendments reported from the committee, ex-
cept the one passed over by common consent,
have been acted on.
Mr. MORRILL. I now offer three sections
as additional amendments to this bill, which I
ask to have printed. 1 do not ask that they be
acted on at the present time, but let them be
referred to the committee with the bill when it,
shall bo recommitted.
The amendments were ordered to lie printed.
Mr. YATES. I renew my motion that the
bill and amendments be recommitted to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
presidential approval op laws.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 21st
of December, 18G5, approved and signed a joint
resolution (S. R. No. t>) authorizing the Pres-
ident to divert certain funds heretofore ap-
propriated, and cause the same to be used for
immediate subsistence and clothing, &c., for
destitute Indians and Indian tribes.
He also communicated several messages in
writing, which were placed on the table of the
President pro tempore.
josiaii o. attmiis.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire here to interpose a
motion to reconsider a bill that has been returned
to the Senate by the House of Representatives,
for the relief of Josiah 0. Amies. I do it at the
request of my colleague, uliu was not present
when the vote was taken. I desire to give him
an opportunity of examining the question.
Mr. CLARK. 1 suggested to the Senator's
colleague to let it lie, before that motion is made,
a little while, until I can confer with him.
Mr. SLrMNER. I do not want the motion
considered now, but only to have it entered.
Mr. CLARK. If that, be entered, I do not
wi -n to lose any right as to any question of order
that may interfere with the making of the motion,
or anything of that kind.
The PRESIDENT tempore. That will
be the understanding.
provisional oovep.xmexts.
Mr. HOWE asked leave to introduce a joint
resolution; which was read, as follows:
Whereas the people of Yircioi.i, of North Carolina,
of South t'aroliaa. td (loorcia, of Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas. Aikansas, and Tennes-
see Inn o iioretofoie declared their independence of
the Go-, eumient of the United State?, have usurped
authoiity domed to every S!:11,■ by the supreme law
of tiie land, ha\ e abiured duties imposed upon every
Htate bv the same law, and have wased war against
the United Stat< s, whereby the political functions for-
merly granted to those people have been suspended;
and wheieas such function:: cannot yet be restored to
those people with safety to themsel\ es or to the na-
tion : and whereas military tribunals are not suited
to the exorcise of civil authority: Therefore,
!>'■ il bit the ,'•< 'mil v. uf ttcprriscnl-
afirci la TSiat local ^ovoinments
oujrht lo be provisionally organized forthwith tor the
people m each ol the distorts named m the preamble
hereto.
Mr. HOWE. 1 should like the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the resolu-
tion at the present time, at, least long enough
to allow me t o make some remarks upon it.
Tim PRESIDENT pro iempiore. The first
question itj on the introduction of the resolu-
! tion: it requires unanimous consent to intro-
| (hice it. mi notice havingbeen previously given.
I Is the. pre-ent introduction of this resolution
I objected to?
! Mr. .101INS0N. I eei'tainh do not objectto
the introduction of the resolution, and should
be very unwilling to object to hearing the hon-
orable Senator express his own views upon the
question which the resolution presents; but
questions of the same-'kind, involving perhaps
