1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
the same principles involved in his resolution,
are now before the special joint committee of
the Senate and House of Representatives, and
I submit, therefore, to my friend whether it
would not be advisable to let this be referred
in the same way, and ftot to involve us in a dis-
cussion prematurely.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not object to this reso-
lution going to the same committee, andlintend
to inove its reference to the committee, but
still I should like to submit to the Senate my
views upon the resolution at the present time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I make no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection to the introduction of this reso-
lution at this time, it will be received.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to
introduce the joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) in
relation to the organization of provisional gov-
ernments within the States whose people were
lately in rebellion against the United States,
and it was readthefirstand second time.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, when Paul stood
there "in the midst of Mars hill," aneedy, per-
haps a ragged, missionary, and told the indo-
■ lent, idolatrous, and luxurious Athenians that
God had "made of one blood all nations of
men, to dwell on all the face of the earth,''' do
you believe he was playing the demagogue or
not? When the Congress of 1770 assembled in
Independence Hall, representing a constitu-
ency few in numbers, poor in resources, strong
only in their convictions of right, and announced
to the world that "all men are created equal;
that they are endowed by their Creator with
certain inalienable rights ; that among these are
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that
to secure these rights governments are insti-
tuted among men;'' and when the members
of that Congress pledged their "lives, their
fortunes, and their sacred honor" to maintain
those assertions against the whole power of the
British empire, do you really suppose they were
talking for bunkum or not? And when the
American people declared in their organic law
thai—
" This Constitution, and the laws of the TJ nited States
which shall bo made in pursuanco thereof, and all
treaties made, or whioli shall be made, under the au-
thority ol the United States, shall be the supreme law
of the land: and the judges in every State shall be
bound thereby, anything in the constitution or laws
of any State to tiie contrary notwithstanding"—
do you think they actually meant that, or did
they mean that the constitution and laws of
each State should be the supreme law of the
land, anything in the Constitution or laws of the
United States to the contrary not withstanding?
I have put these questions, because however
generally we may assent to these propositions in
our speech, there are scarcely three theses in
the whole field of discussion more flatly denied
practically than these three.
Wre do very generally admit Paul to have
been a minister of the true religion, and yet if
he had proclaimed in the Smithsonian Insti
tute six years ago what he did in the Areopagus
at Athens, he would have been driven out of
the city.
We do with our lips very generally assent to
the doctrines of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and yet when the American auto-da-fe
kindles its hottest fires it is to roast some reck-
less radical who dares to assert the political
equality of men.
We cannot well deny that the Constitution is
the supremo law of the land, because the Con-
stitution says so, and we have sworn to support
it; but practically we do seem to treat it much
as if every law was supreme but that.
I cannot now afford the time to defend the
teachings of the apostle or the doctrines of the
Declaration. But if it will not annoy the Sen-
ate, I would like to make a few remarks in
vindication of the Constitution of the United
States.
In my judgment, Mr. President, it is time
the American people adopted the Constitution.
We have, indeed, been taking the tincture for
nearly a century. I am sure it has done us great
I believe now we should try the subli-
mate, and I am confident it would cure the
nation. Hitherto we have taken the Constitu-
tion in a solution of the spirit of State rights.
Let us now take it as it is sublimed and crystal-
lized in the flames of the most gigantic war in
history.
The war, as we know, was designed to de-
monstrate that the will of each State was su-
preme, and that the United States must defer
to it. Before the Constitution was adopted such
was the case precisely. The several States were
sovereign, and for that very reason the Union
formed between them was worthless. The Con-
gress of the Confederation could enact laws, but
as their laws"were addressed to the States, and
the States were sovereign, they would obey or
not as they pleased.
Said Mr. Sherman:
"The complaints at present are not that the views
of Congress are unwise or unfaithful, but that their
powers are insufficient for the execution of their
views."
Said Mr. Randolph, of Virginia:
"The true question is whether wewill adhere to the
Federal plan or introduce the national plan. The
insufficiency of the former has been fully displayed
by the trial already made."
The national plan was adopted. Thirteen
weak and thriftless sovereignties were welded
into one great and prosperous republic. It
was not the purpose of the Convention to de-
stroy the State governments, but to change their
character, to strip them of sovereignty, and
leave them no manner of authority to impede
the execution of the national will.
Hence it provides a national Legislature, to
enactlaws, notforthe direction ofStates, butfor
the government of the people, whether within
or without any of the States ; a national Ex-
ecutive, sworn to see those laws executed if they
are constitutional, whether a State dislike them
or not, and a national Judiciary, to determine
whether they are constitutional or not.
The President, therefore, aptly says in his late
message that " 'the sovereignty of the States' j
is the language of the Confederacy and not of I
the Constitution." ]
But in the Convention which framed the Con- i
stitution there was a party opposed to depriving
the States of their sovereign authority. And
since the adoption of the Constitution, there
has been a party in the country which has
stoutly maintained that the States have not
been deprived of their sovereignty. They in-
sist that unless each State can defy the authority
of the Government the rights of the States are
in imminent peril. They forget, that it was the
existence of this very power of defiance which
imperiled all the States under the Confedera-
tion.
And, sir, there can be but little danger that
the several States will be despoiled of their
rights by a Government constituted like that of
the United States. The President rightly says
that "the subjects that come unquestionably '
within its jurisdiction are so numerous that it
must ever naturally refuse to be embarrassed I
by questions that lie beyond it."
Mr. Madison urged this same consideration
in support of the national plan in the consti-
tutional Convention. To my mind the States
have another security against the encroach-
ments of the national Government even more
reliable than this. It lies in the fact that the
people who compose the several States make
the Government of the United States. It is
not much tt) be apprehended that the creat-
ure will devour the creator. But^ the State-
rights party resemble a congregation of der-
vishes dancing before an idol their own hands
have created and frantically imploring it not to
destroy them.
And the Government often seems almost as
nervous as that party. Like the elephant with
its owner under its belly, the Government often
seems so conscious of its own weight as to be
afraid to move for fear it will crush its propri-
etor. Let the Government move. It will not
destroy the Slates unless it betrays them. When
true to its office it is but the voice of the States.
Is there danger that the voice will slay the
speaker?
Mr. Madison declared in the constitutional
Convention— , '• s
"That in the first place there was less dai'gerof
encroachment from the General Government than
from the State governments; and,in the sccond place,
that the mischiefs from encroachments would be less
fatal if made by the former than if made by the lat-
ter."
Who that has lived during the last fifteen
years will deny the correctness of that estimate?
Yet, in spite of the terrible admonitions W0
have received against the liability to'State eir-
croachments,and ofthedisastrouseonsequeildel
resulting therefrom, there are those among tt&
still who talk rapturously of the priceless valu<3
of the States to the nation, v?ho persist.in esti-
mating its grandeur by the number of States
subject to its sway, and who dwell upon thfe
idea of their "indestructibility" with some-
thing of that fond and reverent air with which
we speak of the immortality of the soul.
Sir, it is not the business of the national
Government to sway States. That was the busi-
ness of the old Confederation. It is the busi-
ness of this Government to control people, and
I estimate its strength, as I estimate the strength
of all other Powers, by the extent of its terri-
tory, by the number, the wealth, the intelligence,
and the loyalty of its people. I dissent en-
tirely and altogether from the idea that a citi-
zen is worth nothing to the*nation unless he is
included in the government of a State. I aver
that a citizen of this District, that, a citizen of
Washington Territory, is worth as much to the
nation, and adds as much to its strength and
its greatness -as a citizen of New York or of
Massachusetts.
If a citizen be loyal, he adds to the strength
of the nation, equally whether he lie in a State
or Territory. If he be disloyal, he diminishes
the strength of the nation, whether he be in a
State or Territory, but not equally. The citi*
zen of a State has more authority than the citi-
zen of a Territory, and, therefore, if he be dis-
loyal, he can do more injury in the former than
in the latter position.
Has any one yet attempted to explain what
principle that is which renders a State inde-
structible? Does any one comprehend it? For
myself, I do not. A State is a manufacture as
much as a wagon is. It is not, indeed, made in
the same way nor at the same shops. But it is
nevertheless made, and made by mortals.' My
iriend from N evada has just helped to make one.
A State can be made only by those who are
permitted by the nation to make one, by those
who are willing to make it.
But once made, we are told "a State can
never die." " Once a State always & State,"
they shout. And when, a few years since, it
was hinted that the rebellious States had com-
mitted suicide, politicians laughed the sugges-
tion to scorn.
Galileo, when condemned to renounce the
heresy of the earth's motion, is said to "have
made his abjuration with all the formality com-
monly "attending such proceedings. Clad in
sackcloth and kneeling, he swore upon the
Gospels never again to teach the earth's motion
or the sun's -stability. Then rising from the
ground, heexclaimcd, 1tc?oc move. afterall.'''
And so I, rising as well as I can under this
load of derision, cannot refrain froin assuring
the Senate that States can commit suicide and
can die. History is but little more than a graye-
yardinwhichone reads the epitaphs upon buried
States. .
Sir, it is poetical license and not political
scicnce which talks of theimmortality ot States.
Have the people of Nevada made an organiza-
tion which thev cannot unmake? If they refuse
hereafter to choose Governors and legislators
and judges and municipal officers, will the State
survive that mere neglect?
On the contrary, would it not be the impera-
tive duty of Congress, in such an event, to resume
the prerogatives you have just granted to that
people, and provide a government to save the
people from anarchy? Do you say the State
is still theirs in contemplation of law, the na^
tional authority cannot enter upon its sacred
domain, and if the people choose anarchy they
