1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
tution, which knows no ''color," and again in
the light of the Declaration of Independence,
which knows no "color," and yet again in the
light ofcommon sense, which refuses to recognize
'•color" as a ''qualification," in anyjustsense
of this term. Consult the dictionaries of the day,
and you will find it means "fitness," "abil-
ity," "accomplishment," "the state of being
qualified;'' but it does not moan '' color.'' it
is applicable to the conditions of age, residence,
character, education, property, and the payment
of taxes; but it cannot be applicable to "color."
The English dictionaries most in vogue at the
time of our fathers were those of Bailey and
Jolmsou. Look at these. According to Bai-
ley, wlio was the earliest, "qualification" is
thus defined:
(1.) ,k That which fits any person or thing for any par-
ticular pxtrposc.
(2.) " A particular faculty, or endowment, or aceom-
plithmcnt.''
According to .Johnson, who is the highest
authority, it is thus defined:
(1.) "That which /noises' any person or thing fit."
—"It i!■> m the power of the princc to make
piety and virtue become the fashion, if he would
make them necessary qitalijicutiom l'or preferment."—
Staff.
(2.) "Accom)>U*h mi-nt.''
/Example.—"Good qxuiliCicatxom of mind enable a
mngUtni/te to perforin Ins duty, and tend to create
public esteem of him."—Attnburi/.
Thus, according to these definitions, "qualifica-
tion" means "fitness" or u accomplishment,"
and according to tin; examples from classical
writers, it moans qualities like "piety*' and
" Urine/' or like '* (acuities uf mind." Obvi-
ously if cannot embrace coloi, which is a phys-
ical condition, insurmountable in ils character.
An insurmountable condition is not.a</)utliJiea-
iion but a tli>;/'ranehLsc)neiiL As well say that
the quality of the hair or the length of the foot,
should be a " qualification," as the color of
th(} skin. The whole pretension is one of the.
false glosses fastened upon the Constitution by
.slavery. which must now be sloughed off. Bui
the pending proposition adopts it and gives to
it a pernicious hie.
7. Again, 1 denounce the proposition as pos-
itively h/iny I he hands of ('oft//rex* in its inler-
prcf.al/im <>j a h'epublicaih (r'oi.cni/ncnl, so thai
under t he guarantee clause it must recognize an
Oligarchy, Aristocracy, Caste, and Monopol),
founded on color, with (he tyranny of taxation
without representation as republican in char-
acter, which I insist (hey are not. At present
I he hands of Congress are not lied. Congress
is fiee to act generouslv, nobly, truly, accord
11jIn I.he highest idea of a republic, di^countc-
naticim; .ill inequabl v of rights and the tyianny
of (a\alion without, icpx sentation. Let, the.
pending proposition Inula place in I he Cons! it it
lion, and fheguarantee ebniso will be restrained
in itsoperaiion. The, two clauses taken together,
lis thev must 1><\ will read substantially a-5 fol-
lows: "The United States shall guaranty to
overy State in the Union a republican form
of government; it being understood that the
denial or abridgment, of the elective franchise
on account of i ace or color and the tyranny of
taxation without representation are not incon-
sistent with a republican goveminent." In
othei words, ihe denial or abridgment of the
elective fiauchise on account of race or color,
and ihe tyranny oi taxation without repic-
sohfation will be recognized in the Constiiu-
1 ion a-, republi' an in character. Of course all
attempt to enfoice this guarantee against an
Oligarchy, Ai istoeracv, ('aste, and Monopoly,
founded on color, or against the t} ranny of tax-
ation without i epi cremation will be fiom this
time iiiipo-jxible. The precious powci which
nowr exists will be lo^t. forever.
8. Again, I denounce the proposition as
iliccbf ij/ii"/ the han'lx of Comjin contpld-
inrfffml ro.tsitm/nah'jaj Ihe ahull'ion <>/'xb/rcrt/.
P>y the second clause ol ihe recent constitu-
tional anieiidmeui Coiigres-, i< e.vpiess'y em-
powuedto •"enforce" j he abolition ofsla.verv
by "appropriate legislation." In pursuance of
this power the Senate, by what's kuownasthe
Civil Rights BUI, has already undertaken to es-
tablish equality of civil rights in all the States
and Territories, so that hereafter in our courts
at least there shall be no discrimination on ac-
count of color. It was justly insisted that such
"legislation" was needed to "enforce" the
abolition of slavery, and on this account was
constitutional. The Senate acted accordingly.
The bill lias passed this body by more than a
two-thirds vote. Obviously by the same title
equality in political rights can be established
also iniderthisainendineiitifsuch equality shall
be deemed important to " enforce" the abo-
lition of slavery, or, in other words, to com-
plete and consummate the good work. In the
exercise of a granted power Congress is the
sole judge of the "means" it shall employ;
and this conclusion is sustained not only by
reason but also by the Supreme Court of the
United States in solemn judgments. You will
remember the familiar precedents, which I in-
sist are decisive. And now, in the face of these
judgments, in the face of the reason of the case,
and in the face of the authoritative precedent
of the Senate establishing equality of civil
rights, it is proposed to insert in the Constitu-
tion a provision despoiling Congress of its power
under the constitutional amendment, so that
hereafter that amendment, which should be
interpreted generously and to advance liberty,
will l)o changed so as to read, " Congress shall
have power to enforce this article by appropri-
ate legislation, it being understood that it shall
not interfere for this purpose with any denial
or abridgment of the elective franchise in any
Stateou aceountof raw* or color." Thus again
will a beneficent power be lost at a moment
when all is needed for the safety and renown
of the Republic.
'•>. Again, I denounce this proposition as in-
xlatli/Kj recenl rebels b> yorern loyal cilizenx
under the sanction of ihe Constitution. The
ruling (dass began ami sustained the rebel-
lion The citizens whom you disfranchise were
loyal, and some of them poured out their red
blood for the Republic, and yet we are now
asked to intrench this ruling class in the Con-
stitution, so that they can wield unchecked
power, while loyal millions are humbled at
their feet. The bare statement of the case
offends the reason and the conscience.
Pray, who may justly look to the Republic
for protection? Js it the rebel or the loyalist?
Is it the citizen who has caused all your woes,
and now gnashes bis teeth at your triumph, or
is it the citizen who has watched your flag with
sympathetic pride, and now rejoices in your
triumph? AY ho can hesitate? And yet the
proposition now befote the Senate gi\es the
palm of power and honor to the rebel class,
ami tixes this preeminence in the Constitution
itself It will not, do to say, with Cain, '* Am 1
my brother's keeper? '' ^ on are your brother's
keeper ; and you must see that he is saved from
cruel oppression.
JO. And lastly. I denounce this proposition as
a. Compromise, of Human Itighls, the most im-
moral, indecent, and utterly shameful of any
in our history. Persons out of the Senate have
sought to vindicate it. as other compromises
have been vindicated in times past, by repre-
senting it as something which it is not. This
is done by exhibiting one side only of the Com-
promise and then calling it'• punitive" in char-
acter; as if in WiOthe admission of California,
w hich w as one side of the Compromise, had been
exhibited only, while the unutterable atrocity
of the Fugitive Slave Hill, which was the other
side of the Compromise, had been concealed
from view. The present Compromise, like all
other compromises, has two sides; in other
words, it is a concession for a eonsideiation.
On one side it is conceded that the States may,
under the Constitution.exclude citizens counted
by the million from the body-politic and prac-
tice the tyranny of taxation without represen-
tation, provided, on the other side. that there
is a corresponding diminution of representa-
tive power in the lower House of Congress,
without, however, touching the representative
power in the Senaie. Of course, the transceud-
oiit feature of this Compromise is the criminal
concetoion, constituting, as it does, the sacri-
fice of brave defenders, and even of a whole
race to whom we owe protection. The consid-
eration is small, it will be forgotten when the
gigantic concession will loom in history as a
landmark of dishonor.
There have been other Compromises of Hu-
man Rights in times past. But considering the
grandeur of the occasion; the promises of the
Fathers; the extent of present obligations; the
promptings of gratitude j the demands of public
faith j the demands of public security, and the
good name of the Republic, all of which are
now involved, I am sure that no compromise
so discreditable and disastrous was ever before
proposed. A feeble prototype may be found
in that intolerable Treaty known as the Assi-
ento contract, from which every Englishman
now turns with a blush, where at the end of an
unprecedented war England bartered all that had
been won by the victories of Marlborough for
the privilege of supplying slaves to the Spanish
colonies. The slave trade received a solemn
sanction, and England pocketed the dishonest
profits; just as now a kindred offense on a
grander scale is to receive a solemn sanction,
and we who sanction it are to pocket the profits
in political power. Do not talk, sir, of this
measure as "punitive" in character, unless
you mean that it is punitive of our benefactors,
for this is the only character it can bear in
history. On a former occasion I entreated you
not to copy the example of Pontius Pilate, who
hauded over the Saviour of the world, in whom
he found no fault at all, to be scourged and
crucified. It is my duty now to remind you
that you go further than Pontius Pilate. He
was a mocker and a jester; but he received
nothing for what he did. You. do. Not con-
tent with resolving the Senate into a Pretorium,
you imitate J udas who betrayed the Saviour for
thirty pieces of silver, and you imitate the sol-
diers who appropriated to themselves the rai-
ment of tin1 Saviour. I)o not,answer me with a
sneer, lias not Ihe Saviour himselftold us that
what we do to Ihe least we do to Him? Ay,
sir, in offering fellow-citizens to be sacrificed,
in betraying them for less than "thirty" Repre-
sentatives in Congress, and in appropriating
their political raiment, you do all this to the
Saviour himself. Pardon the necessary plain-
ness of my speech. I speak for my country,
which I seek to save from dishonor; I speak
for fellow-citizens whom I seek to save from
outrage. And I speak for that public faith and
public security in which is bound up the wel-
i'ate of all.
SUMMARY or OBJECTIONS.
Mr. President, such is the argument for the
rejection of the pending proposition. Follow-
ing it from the beginning you have seen, first,
how this proposition carries into the Consti-
tution itself the idea of Inequality of Rights,
thus defiling that unspotted text; secondly,
how it is an express sanction of the acknowl-
edged tyranny of taxation without representa-
tion ; thirdly, how it is a concession to State
Rights at a moment when we are recovering
from a terrible war waged against us in the
name of State Rights : fourthly, how it is the
constitutional recognition of an Oligarchy,
Aristocracy. Caste, and .Monopoly, founded on
color: fifihly, how it petrifies in the Constitu-
tion the wretched pretension of a white man's
Government; sixthly, how it assumes what is
false in constitutional law, that color can be a
" qualilication " for an elector ; seventhly, how
it positively ties the hands of Congress in fixing
the meaning of a republican government, so
that under the guarantee clause it will be con-
stiaiuedto recognize an Oligarchy, Aristocracy,
Caste, and Monopoly founded on color, together
with the tyranny of taxation without represen-
tation, as not inconsistent with such a govern-
ment : eighthly, how it positively ties the hands
of Congress in completing and consummating
the abolition of Slavery according to the second
eJae^e of the Constitutional Amendment, so
that it cannot, for this purpose interfere with the
denial of the elective franchise on account of
color; ninthly, how it installs recent rebels in
permanent power over loyal citizens; and,
