SOIf AL ©LOBE.
Jul j" 24,
inspecting bounties to colored' soMiers,' and
the sponsions, bounties, and allowances to their
heirs," approved June 1.5, 18®€:
Strike o«t all after tire enacting clause of section
two dawn to tha,BBd.of seetian three, an4 Insert in
lieu thereof as follows;
x Bat whenever application shall be made by any
<S5anfi!tttt for bounty under the provisions pf the joint
resolution aforesaid, by or throagb.aaay afimt o,r at-
that ho has no interests whateVin-'m said bounty j>e-
youd thu fees for collection of thesame, wbicii arc
B<wby fijced and .established .as faUows,,jn>mc{y:, f«
the preparation and prosecution of claims ior apd the
eo-llecfion and t-hc remittance of alt sums not exceed-
in;; fifty dollars, tho sum of five dollars, and less than
$100 the sum of $7 50, and for,all.sums-exceeding $100
the sum of ten dollars; and said fees shall include
all expenses incident to the collection of said claims
except the expense of the necessary affidavits and
notarial or oSlior acknowledgments, which shall be
defrayed by the claimant; and any agent or attorney
who shall chwgc directly or indirectly in any case a
greater sum for his services In preparing and prose-
cuting said claims and collecting and remitting the
amiiuut due, sjhall be deemed guilty of amisdorneanor,
and shall, unult conviction, be punished by line not
exceeding $3,000 nor less than $1,000, aud shall .be
foicver excluded from prosecuting military or naval
chmxis gainst t.he_ Govcrntn cut.
Section faur, strike out all after the word " depos-
itory" to the end ot lino live.
Section live, line three, strike oat "sailor or ma-
rine."
Section five.lines four and live,strike out "final
slftt euiont, descriptive list, or other papers."
Section five, line twelve, strike out "sailor or ma
rine."
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendments of the
Senate do not make the resolution so stringent
against claimants as the House committee would
desire, but after examining tho amendmeftts I
think we had better concur. I move concur-
rence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in;
and also moved that tho motion to reconsider
be laid upon tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST NEVADA.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was Senate joint resolution No. 84, au-
thorizing the payment of certain claims against
the late Territory of Nevada; which was read
a first and second time.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle and pay outstanding claims chargeable
to the contingent expenses of tho executive
department of the Territory of Nevada, it pro-
poses to transfer so much of the unexpended
balance of the appropriation " for compensa-
tion and mileage of members of tho Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Nevada" as may
be found necessary for that purpose, to the
credit of the fund for paying the contingent
expenses of the executive department of that
Territory, and the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, out of the balance so transferred,
are to pay £ithe said claims as adjusted and
allowed."
The joint resolution was ordered t,o a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
ARMY 01? THE UNITED STATES.
1 he next business in order on the Speaker's
table was bill of the Senate No. 401, to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the
united States, which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say to the
House that this is one of the numerous Senate
Army bills, but as we have succeeded at length
in getting an arrangement by which the Senate
adopted this as a substitute for the substitute
of the House, so that we may have a committee
of conference, I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and that
the committee have leave to report it back at
any time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to that.
Pass it over for the present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the bill
had better be referred until after this order is
executed. ' ;
The motion to refer was agreecLto. I
EXTENSION Off CAPITOL GROUNDS. ■
The next business in order upon the Speak-
er's table was bill .of the Senate* No. 889, to
enlarge the public grounds around the Capitol ;
which'was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
THADBEUS HYATT.
The next business in order upon tho Speak-
er's table was bill of the Senate No. 307, to
extend the letters-patent granted to Thaddeus
Hyattwhich was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It extends the patent of
Thaddeus Hyatt for vkult lights for seven years,
to end in November, 1873.
Mr. JENCliES. The Committee on Patents
have instructed me to report in favor of agree-
ing to the bill of the Senate. I ask the pre-
vious question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter njoti.on Was agreed to.
UNITED "STATES EXPIRING EXPEDITION.
Thencxt business upon the Speaker's table
was joint resolution of the Senate No. 126, "to
authorize the use of certain plates of the United
States exploring expedition by the Navy De-
partment;" which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Joint
Committee on the Library to grant to the
Navy Department the plates used in illus-
trating the exploring expedition of Captain
Wilkes, with a view of printing a supply of
charts for the use of the Navy Department.
Mr. IilCE, of Massachusetts. Let me state
that the Committee on Naval Affairs have ex-
amined this bill and recommend its passage.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next business in order upon the Speaker's
table was bill of the Senate No. 125, granting
the right pf way through the military reserves
to tho Union Pacific railway and its branches ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is it in order
to move to refer this bill to the Committee on
Public Lands?
Mr. DRIGGS. It merely grants the right
of way.
Mr. PRICE. *1 demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill. .
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE PORTLAND FIRE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution of the Senate No. 131, for the
temporary relief of the sufferers by the late fire
in Portland, in the State of Maine; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I trust not. This
resolution contains no appropriation. It sim-
ply provides for a suspension of the collection
of taxes.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There is one pro-
vision of the joint resolution which I think
ought to be amended. It would relieve from
taxation persons owning property in Portland,
but residing and doing business elsewhere.
Porinstance, if there be a distiller owning
property there, feut doing business in Peoria,
the payment of his tax would be suspended.
•Mr. ALLISON. I will move that the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with leave to report at any time.
Mr. BICE, of Maine. I believe there is no
objection to that on the part of the gentleman
who represents the Portland district.
Mr. LYNCH. I hav.e no objection to that
reference if the committee have leave to report
at any time.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to add to the res-
olution an amendment providing that taxes
shall also be suspended in the burnt portion
of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I supposed that
question had already been referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I have been seeking the
floor for an opportunity of making some re-
marks in regard to this Chambersburg matter.
I noticelw'the Globe that duringmy necessary
absence from the House, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania made some remarks in reference
to that Chambersburg matter in which he stated
that I had been appointed by the Committee of
Ways and Means a sub-committee in relation
to it. I wish now to set the matter right, and
to remind the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that he was forgetful of the
facts when he made that statement. I did ex-
amine into the matter, but subsequently, upon
suggestion of a party admitted into the com-
mittee-room, the matter was acted upon by the
Committee, and since that time it has never,
in any sense, been in my hands. I wished to
state this fact for the information of the gentle-
man and the House, and in justice to myself.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the previous
question on the motion to refer.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with leave to report
at any time, was agreed to.
MAIL SERVICE TO CHINA.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was joint resolution of the Senate No. 98, to
amend an act entitled "An act to authorize
the establishment of ocean mail steamship ser-
vice between the United States and China,"
approved February 17, 1865; which was read
a first and second time.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY the joint resolu-
tion was referred to-the Committee on tho Post
Office and Post Roads.
C. T. PAY AND WILLIAM Y. PATCH.
The uext business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution of the Senate No. 132, au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of Caleb T. Fay and
William Y. Patch, late assessor and collector
of internal revenue at San Francisco, Califor-
nia ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. McRUER. I desire to call the previous
question upon this joint resolution, but before
doing so I will ask for the reading of a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury:
Teeasuey Dkfaetment, July 13,1866.
Dear Sir: X inclose to you herewith a proposed
resolution authorizmgthe settlement of the accounts
oi Caleb f. Fay and William Y. Patch, late assessor
and collector of internal revenue at San Francisco,
upon an equitable-and just basis.
From the report to me of clerks of this Department,
appointed as a committee to investigate the accounts
ol those officers and to settle them if possible, I am
satisfied that, by reason of informality in tho appoin t-
ment of certain persons who acted and were paid by
the collector as assistant assessors, the accounts of
t. ese gentlemen cannot be justly settled without the
aid ot some legislation like that proposed in tho ac-
companyingresolution. I therefore desire to call the
attention ol Congress, through you, to this subjeet.
Very respectfully,
H. MCCULLOCH, Secretary.
Hon. D. C. McRueb, M. 0., Home of Representatives.
Mr. McRUER. I will merely say that this is
a question arising from certain informalities in
appointments.
