1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
eentage of tho whole is believed to be available for
sale and for settlement. On this supposition the Gov-
ernment will not come under advances at all."
Mr. DELANO. It will be observed, Mr.
Speaker, that these gentlemen estimate the
twenty sections in the States as being worth
actually and intrinsically as much as the forty
sections in the Territories. They estimate tho
twenty sections in the Stales as worth §2 50 per
acre. And then they show, by their own esti-
mate, which is put before us to induce us to
give further aid to this road, that the value of
the grant already made by the Government to
the company is $82,000 per mile. They have
estimated this land with the view of getting us
to give them something more on tho faith of
this estimate. But, sir, if tho estimate be true,
■will any man tell me that the company is not
now able to go on and build that road ?
Mr. EARNSWORTH. Tho gentleman will
allow me to suggest, in support of his argu-
ment, that they compute only tho land on one
side of the road in arriving at the estimate of
$32,000 per mile. They state that the land on
the south side of the road is worth §32,000 per
mile.
Mr. DELANO. Then, according to their
estimate, the land granted to them is worth
$04,000 per mile.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. Exactly.
Mr. DELANO. Yet, sir, with amazing
assurance they now come here and tell us that
with this munificent grant, this princely dona-
tion, they cannot go on and build that road.
Why, sir, capital throughout tho country is now
waiting honest and secure investments, if
this company have anything like the pecuniary
strength which they profess to have under tho
grant already made they can got anywhere
advances of money sufficient for the comple-
tion of the road, and to pretend that it is neces-
sary for Congress to give the company more in
order to secure the completion of a road from
tho Atlantic to the Pacific is a false pretense,
and if money is obtained from tho Treasury by
such a pretense it is simply obtaining money
by false pretenses, which in Ohio is an indict-
able offense.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will tho gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DELANO. Yes, sir; as many as the
gentleman desires. This is a school of cate-
chism.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman whether he believes that this
estimate of the value of the land granted by
Congress to this company is a correct estimate.
Mr. DELANO. Now, I want to make a
Yankee contract with the gentleman. If I
answer his question categorically, will he
answer me a question ?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. DELANO. Well, then, does tho gen-
tleman believe that these men are guilty of
misrepresentations, cither willfully or by negli-
gence ?
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire first to have an
answer to my question.
Mr. DELANO. My opinion, then, is that
this is an overestimate. Now, I ask tho gen-
tleman, if that is the case, why those gentle-
men made that estimate?
Mr. GRINNELL. They are perhaps men
of romantic ideas, and I think have set the
value of the land too high.
Mr. DELANO. I think so, too.
Mr. GRINNELL. But the gentleman's
admission as to the value of the land destroys
his own argument. I now desire to ask the
gentleman another question.
Mr. DELANO. Oh, no; I decline to answer
any more. Our contract is closed.
Grant there is an over-estimate. It only
shows how we are imposed upon by these men
who come here to ask us for this grand and
magnificent donation. It shows how wo have
always been imposed upon. But I will allude
to this again in a few moments.
Let me say here, if this estimate exceeds the
actual value of the grant to the extent of fifty
per cent., still you have a grant worth §32,000
a mile. If this estimate is correct, you have
already donated to this company lands of tho
value of $01,000 per mile; but if you have
only given to this company $32,000 a mile in
lands, how much more shall it have? Can its
appetite for plunder ever be satiated? I say
that, in my opinion, the grant already made is
sufficient to build the road. I do not suppose
the estimate is overdrawn to the extent of one
half. I suppose it was overdrawn to some
extent, because they wanted to delude this
House again, because they wanted to get more,
and therefore wanted to make as strong a
showing as possible to induce us to give the
road a larger bounty.
It has been suggested to me that more faith
is due to this estimate, because it was made by
members of Congress. I will say to my hon-
orable friend, who sits near me, that 1 do not
see exactly how that can be. [Laughter.]
When wo made the grant to this road what
did they agree to? I call attention to the con-
clusion of section three of the charter. Let,
us see what bargain they then made. T pro-
pose to hold them to tho contract unless they
made a contract so manifestly unjust to them-
selves that we ought to relieve them.
What is the contract? It is provided in sec-
tion three ''that no money shall bo drawn from
the Treasury of the United States in aid of (ho
construction of the Northern Pacific railroad.'"
'They agreed, if we would give them this land,
amounting in the gross to eighty-eight million
acres, if wo would open our hearts and confer
upon them this munificent grant, (hat. (hey would
bind themselves not to come back and call for
money. Yet, sir, here they arc to-day—a
fresh and thirsty swarm, for (hat is what they
arc; they are here to-day, in violation of this
contract, asking this Government to pay them
a large sum of money.
Mr. LOAN. I would like the gentleman
from Ohio to tell this House who it was that
made this transfer—who it was that sold out,
and to whom they sold out. What evidence is
there of any such transfer?
Mr. DELANO. I understand it is not de-
nied. I have it from a friend of the bill and a
member of this House; and I have it from an
acquaintance of my own from Vermont, who
is a credible man. I heard it stated by my
honorable colleague [.Mr. KiiKi.i.AU.MtiiKu] to-
day. It comes to me from a reliable source.
It comes upon the wings of the atmosphere,
that this transfer has been made. Does the
gentleman deny it?
Mr. LOAN. I have no information of the
fact.
Mr. DELANO. If we can over got this pro-
ject into tho hands of tho Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, I hope to get a report that will probe
this sore to the bottom, and draw out of it the
feculent corruption which it seems to me lies
there, so that it may be exposed to the public
eye and receive the condemnation which it
merits.
It is proper, I presume, as the world goes,
if these men can get a further grant from the
Government, for them to do so ; but I say that
it is a plunder of the nation which ought not
to be endured. I am speaking for my coun-
try, at a time and period of its existence when
it is necessary to speak boldly and plainly, hit
whom it may, strike where it will. The nation
demands it.
What do these gentlemen want more, these
men who made a contract with the Government
and who have got this munificent grant ? What
further do they demand of us ? I will show
the House in a few minutes. They demand of
us to guaranty $57,000,000 of stock for a period
of twenty years at the rate of six per cent, in-
terest. It is stock to the average amount of
$31,000 per mile the entire length of theroad,
some eighteen hundred miles. A portion of
it is to be issued at the rate of $20,000 per
mile, a portion at $25,000, a portioii at $30,000
and a portion at the rate of $50,000 ; and the
average on eighteen hundred miles of the road
is $31,000 per mile, making in the aggregate
$57,000,000. And we are asked to agree that
we will pay six per cent, interest on that stock
for twenty years, if necessary.
And what will it be, provided we have to pay
it for the whole period of time ? It will cost
this nation $68,000,000 simply to pay the in-
terest on this stock during that period of time.
They want us to guaranty $31,000 h mile, and
with that they will build the road and have tho
land with all its acerctivo value, made more
valuable with our money.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow mo
to interrupt him?
Mr. D LLANO. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to know whether the
gentleman believes honestly, from the history
of other laihoads, in a dollar and cent point
of view, that the Government will not get back
all it pays in the  hape of interest in this twenty-
five per cent, of the receipts.
Mr. DELANO. I answer tho gentleman,
no ; most emphatically and decidedly, no.
Mr. PRICE. Then, one more question.
What are the data upon which you make that
answer?
Mr. DELANO. I will give litem. You say it
will be paid by the proceeds of lands sold and
the income of Hie road. When you obtained
the grant, for these lands you said you would
never ask for an apptojiriation of money. In
less Ihan two years (lie company is here asking
for $08,000,000. I know how (lovcrnmentH
are plundered. The entering wedge is in, and
then Congress is asked for more ; the demand
for move is persistently made, inside and out-
side of Congress, until it is granted. And my
opinion is now, that if you violate tho original
contract and let the parties in upon the pres-
ent application, you will never get any of the
money back, but will lose it all. That ig why
I propose to keep my hand out of this trap,
and why I desire this House to keep the nation a
foot out of it also.
I sincerely believe that tho result will be (lie
complete loss of this money. These men will
take this stock and go into the market with it,
go to eastern capitalists, men whose vaults!
groan with idle capital, and sell I ho stock at a
discount,. If they do it at the rate of fifty per
cent., what of il ? It will pay an interest to
the purchaser of twelve per cent,, on themoney
paid for it, and they have land enough left, to
make the stock valuable independent of this, as
I have shown you already, by the grant. And
if they have any ingenuity by tho issue of this
stock, or upon the supposition that the Gov-
ernment will issue it, they can employ any
quantity of lobbyists by offering to sell it at a
moderate discount.
Sir, what right have we now in the present
position of the country to lay hold on the
Treasury and subject tho people to the danger
of this additional taxation? You tell me,
however, that the road is necessary, and that
if we do not build it Canada will. Sir, if yous-
grant is worth anything in comparison to your
estimate of it, or what it is estimated at, there
aro capitalists that are desirous to take and
complete the road, and what you ask for now
is only another needless donation to men who
do not merit and do not deserve it, and to
whom it is not necessary to offer it in order to
secure the construction of the road.
I make the point here that if they have
$32,000 per mile in land when the land is esti-
mated at $1 25 an acre, they have money enough
now to build the road; and if they eannot build
it with that they are not the proper parties to
go on, and there is no reason why this Gov-
ernment should be asked to make this addi-
tional donation.
Mr. Speaker, I know very well that there are
reasons why these considerations should be
expressed. Our nation now groans with_ the
weight of public debt and necessary taxation,
and our credit must be maintained. I know
that there are now floating claims against this
nation not less in amount than $1,000,000,000,
according to my estimate ; and these claims,
if admitted at all, will never be settled with
less than $2,000,000,000. I do not believe they
will be settled for that. The great private losses
