186#.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
mm
of the United States, shall have enraged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Cuugrcss may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability.
Sec. 4. Thevalidityof thepubHcdcbt.oftheUnited
States, authorised by law, itK-ludtmr debts incurred
for payment of pensions and bounties for services in
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. But neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation
incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, or any claim for the loss or eman-
cipation of any slave; but all such debts, obliga-
tions, and claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
The question was put on-concurring with the
amendments of the Senate ; and there were—
yeas 120, nays 32, not voting 82 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos II.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Bromwcll, Buekland, Bundy, Header W.
Clarko, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cul-
lom, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Bckley, Eggleiton, Eliot,
3?arnsworth, Farquhar, lyerry, Garfield, Grinnell,
Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Hen-
derson, Iligby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Asahcl
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Jame3 It. Hubbell, Jenckes, Julian, ICelley, Kelso,
ICetcham, Kuykcndall, taflin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, MeKee, McRuer, Mereur, Miller, Moorhcad,
Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Per ham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, "William H.Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shel-
labarsrer, Sloan, Smith, Spalding. Stevens, Stilwell,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernani, Robert T. Van Ilorn,
Ward, Warner. Henry D. Washburn, William n.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams,
James I)'. Wilson, Stephen i\ Wilson, Windom, and
the Speaker—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Anoona, Bergen, Bover, Chanler,
Coffroth, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Grider, Aaron Harding, Ilogan, Edwin N,
Hubbell, James M.Humphrey,Kerr, Le Blond, Mar-
shall, Niblack, Nicholson, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Sitgreavcs, Strouse, Tabor, Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble, Winfield, and Wright—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Beniamin,
Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Culver, Doming, Dixon,
Goodyear. Harris, Hill, Demas Hubbard, Hulbuid,
James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
William Lawrence, Marston.McCullough.Melndoe,
Noel!, Patterson. Radford, Rollins, Rousseau, Shank-
lin, Starr, Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, and
W oodbridge~32.
Tlie SPEAKER. Two thirds of both Houses
having concurred in the jointresolution (II. R.
No. 127) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, the joint reso-
lution has passed.
During the roll-call on the foregoing vote,
Mr. KELLEY said: I desire to announce
that Mr. Broomall, and Mr. Wasiiburne of
Illinois, are paired with Mr. Shanklin upon
this question.
Mr. LAFLIN said: I wish to announce that
my colleague, Mr. Van' Horn, is paired upon
this question with Mr. Goodyear.
Mr. ANCONA said: My colleague, Mr.
Johnson', is absent on account of sickness,
and is paired upon this question with Mr. Rol-
lins and Mr. Marston, of New Hampshire.
Mr. DARLING said: I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. James Humphrey, is de-
tained at home by sickness. If present he
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WINFIELD said: My colleague, Mr.
Radford, is unavoidably detained from his
seat. If hero he would have voted against the
Senate amendment.
Mi-. ASHLEY, of Ohio, said : My colleague,
Mr. Lawrence, has been called home in con-
sequence of the death of his father. If pres-
ent he would have voted "ay."
Mr. OOBB said: Mr. McIndoe is detained
from his seat by illness. If here he would vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. MOULTON said: My colleague, Mr.
Ingersoll, has gone home under leave of ab-
sence from the House.
Mr. IIART said: Mr. Hubbard, of New
York, is absent on account of death in his
family. If he had been here he would have
voted "ay."
Mr. AVASHBURN, of Indiana, said: My
colleague Mr. Hill, is absent by leave of the
House. If hero he would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to state that if
Messrs. Brooks and Voor'nees had not been
expelled, they would have voted against this
proposition. [Great laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. And I desire to say that
if JeiF. Davis were here, he would probably
also have voted the same way. ' [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. And so would Jake
Thompson.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The House is now en-
gaged in executing the order of the House to
proceed to business upon the Speaker's table.
lllVElt and harbor bill.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 492, making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
t^fn public works heretofore commenced under
authority of law, and for other purposes.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House non-
concur iu the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
steamboat inspection law..
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 477, further to provide for the safety
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, to reg-
ulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and
for other purposes.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
examiners oi? patents.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 850, to authorize the Com-
missioner of Patents to pay those employed as
examiners and assistant examiners the salary
fixed by law for the duties performed by them;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask that this bill be put
upon its passage now.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let the
bill be read. I want to know what it is.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the Commissioner of Patents to pay those em-
ployed in the Patent Office from April 1,1861,
until August 1, 1805, as examiners and assist-
ant examiners of patents, at the rate fixed by
lav/ for those respective grades, provided that
the same be paid out of the Patent Office fund,
the compensation thus to be paid not to exceed
that paid to those duly enrolled as examiners
and assistant examiners for the same period.
Mr. .IEXCKES. This matter has been con-
sidered by the House Committee on Patents,
who have recommended it once during the last
Congress and onee during the present Con-
gress. I call the previous question upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be laid'upon the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest that this bill better be referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the Committee on Patents of this ILmse have
examined this bill and decided to leportunan-
imously in its favor.
Mr. ROSS, Is a motion to refer the bill
now in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order, pending the motion to lay upon the
table and the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mi'. STEVENS. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlomaii from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] withdraw the
motion to allow.'the Chair to lay before tlie
House several executive communications? '
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
direct taxes in geokgia.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I communicate, and invite the attention of
Congress to, a copy of joint resolutions of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the
State of Georgia, requesting the suspension of
the collection of the internal revenue tax due
from that State pursuant to an act of Congress
of oth of August, 1861.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., June 11, 1800.
The message, with accompanyingdocuments,
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means and ordered to be printed.
agricultural college*—georgia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
It is proper that I should inform Congress
that a copy of an act of the Legislature of
Georgia of the 10th of March last has been
officially communicated to me, by which that
State accepts the donation of land for the ben-
efit of colleges for agriculture and the mechanic
arts, which donation was provided Tor by the
acts of Congress of '2d July and ] 1th April,
1804. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, 1). C., June 11, 1860.
The message was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
draft in pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 11th instant, in regard to the
draft in the eighth congressional district of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. AN CONA. I move that this communi-
cation be printed and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
british american trade.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of March 28, 180C>, calling
for information in regard to commercial rela-
tions with British America.
rliie question was upon ordering the commu-
nication to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. Can an objection be made at
this time to the printing of this communication?
The SPEAKER, it is customary to order
the printing of all executive communications
without putting the question to the House,
unless objections be made to the printing,
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the printing of this
communication.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
question of printing will be submitted to the
House.
- Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is taken
I desire to say a single word upon it. If I
understand this communication 
Mr. WENTWORTH. What is the question
before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is whether the commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Trea'.ury
in regard to commercial relations with Bu'iish
America shall be printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Before that question
is voted upon, or even debated. I insist that the
communication shall be I'ead. I object to one
