THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to mo that a more
definite bill ought to have been drawn.
Mr. McRUER, The Government failed for
six or seven months to furnish the funds there
to pay the clerks in the internal revenue de-
partment; and it was absolutely neeessary that
those informalities should take place, or the
office be closed.
Mr. STEVENS. What informalities? It
very often happens that there is a deficiency in
the money needed.
Mr. McRUER. These men were appointed,
pro forma, as assistant assessors, without any
direct authority of law for the purpose; and
On account of this informality the Auditor re-
fuses to pay the account. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passecr; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
marine hospital in japan.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 408, making an appropri-
ation for the erection of a marine hospital at
Yokohama, in Japan, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the sum of $10,000 is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
constructing a marine hospital for the use of
the United States, and to furnish the same with
proper furniture, instruments, and medicine,
at Yokohama, in Japan. The second section
provides that the said sum of money, or so
much thereof as shall be necessary for the pur-
poses aforesaid, shall be expended under the
direction of the Department of State.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I raise the
point of order that this bill contains an appro-
priation, and therefore must be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of tile
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill will be referred
accordingly.
codifying customs laws.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 82, to provide
for codifying the laws relating to the customs;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause to be prepared and submitted
to Congress at its next session, under the direc-
tion of one member of the Senate and one
member of the House of Representatives, each
to be appointed by the Presiding Officer of the
body to which lie belongs, a general customs
revenue law, designed to supersede all other
laws on that subject, and embracing all neces-
sary provisions for regulating the foreign and
coasting trades, the assessment and collection
of duties on goods, wares, and merchandise
imported from foreign countries, and other
subject-matters immediately pertaining thereto ;
the expenses necessarily incurred in the prep-
aration thereof to be paid from the appropria-
tion for the "expenses of collecting the rev-
enue from customs," provided the said ex-
penses shall not exceed $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, It must be obvious to all
that this is a very necessary work, almost as
necessary, perhaps, as the general codification
of the laws of the United States. I trust it will
meet with no objection.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to state that the Com-
mittee on Commerce have had this subject
under consideration, have examined it pretty
fully, and are agreed that this joint resolution
should pass. This work should have been per-
formed years ago. I have a letter here from the
Secretary of the Treasury stating the impor-
tance of the passage of this joint resolution,
which I will have read if any gentleman desires
to hear it.
Several Members. That is not necessary.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reeonsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SEflGtSANT MILTON M'KIKNON.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. Ill, for the
relief of Sergeant Milton McKinnon; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Sergeant Milton McKinnon
the sum of $-58 45, beingtheamount of adraft
drawn in his favor by Major M. L. Martin, late
paymaster in the United States Army, on the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States in New
York, dated March 24, 1864, and which was
lost in its transmission to New York; provided
Milton McKinnon file a duplicate of the draft,
duly authenticated, with the Secretary of the
Treasury; also that the payment authorized
shall not be made until McKinnon shall exe-
cute to the United States a bond, with secu-
rity, to be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, conditioned to indemnify the United
States against all loss, cost, or damage incurred
by reason of the payment hereby authorized.
The joint resolution was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ILLINOIS SOLDIERS' COLLEGE,
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution S. No. 139, for the benefit of
the Illinois Soldiers' College and Military Acad-
emy : which was read a first and second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that this bill
will bo put upon its passage now.
The resolution, which was read at length,
provides that the Secretary of War be author-
ized to transfer to the Illinois Soldiers' Col-
lege and Military Academy, from the surplus
on hand and not needed for the public service,
eots and bedding necessary to accommodate
five hundred persons, for the use of free stu-
dents in that institution disabled by the war.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reeonsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
solomon r. SMITH.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 410) entitled "An act for
the relief of Solomon P. Smith;" which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that there shall be paid to Solomon P. Smith,
late a captain in the one hundred and fifteenth
regiment of Now York volunteers, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, $200, for his pension from January 14,
1805, when he was mustered out of the service,
until February 15, 1SC6, the date of the filing
of his application for a pension with the Com-
missioner of Pensions.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move that
this bill be referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDER 11. PRATT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 435) entitled "An act for
the relief of Alexander F. Pratt; " which was
read a first and second time.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Alexander F. Pratt "
in full for pursuing and Capturing Elijah K.
Jauner, convicted of counterfeiting United
States coin.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that this bill -be
referred to the. Committee of Claims; • >
Mr. PAINE. I understand that a bill for
the payment of this claim has passed the House
on two or three occasions at tormBr sessions
of Congress, afid has been lost in the Senates
I believe that those members of this House
who are familiar with this case are satisfied
with the bill. I am not myself familiar with
the facts, but I wish that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allisok] would withdraw his mo-
tion for the reference of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has at his disposal a large fund which is
annually appropriated for the payment of such
claims as this. There must bo something pe-
culiar about this claim or it would be paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury without any spe-
cial authority. I would like to know what there
is peculiar about this case.
Mr. PAINE. Perhaps I may be able to state
sufficient to satisfy the gentletfian on that point.
Mr. ROSS. _ I make the point of order that
this bill contains an appropriation, and must
be referred, under the rule, to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and the bill mustbe so referred.
mrs. amelia master.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 434) entitled "An act for
the relief of Mrs. Amelia Feaster, of Colum-
bia, South Carolinawhich was read a first
and second time.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Mrs. Amelia Feaster, of Colum-
bia, South Carolina, $10,000, as a reimburse-
ment for money expended by her in alleviating
the suffering of the officers and soldiers of the
United States Army confined in the rebel pris-
ons in that city during the late rebellion.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
b. .7. curley.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 433) entitled "An act for the
relief of E. J. Curley;" which was read afirst
and second time.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to E. J. Curley $34,248 52, as com-
pensation iu full for corn purchased of him by
Captain E. B, W. Reslieaux, assistant quarter-
master, on the part of the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It makes an appro-
priation, and must be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
It was referred accordingly.
washington ciioslaxd.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 431, for the relief of Washing-
ton Crosland; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. CONKLING moved that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miss sue mu11phey.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 413, for the relief of Miss Sue
Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. CONKLING moved that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
