1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
is to say that the Constitution itself is notcon-
stitiitional, for it is derived from the very heart
of i,i)o Constitution and is filled with all its best
life-blood.
Sometbinshasbopn said of the form in which
the proposition has been presented. There is
thebillofthe Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,]
which he has maintained in a speech of singular
originality and power, that "has not been an-
swered, and 1 do not hesitate to say cannot be
answered. By this bill it is provided that all
citizens in any State or Territory shall be pro-
tected in the full and equal enjoyment and ex-
orcise oftheir civil and political rights, including
the right of snll'rnge. This is founded on the con-
sideration that, by the abolition of slavery, the
slave became at once a citizen, subject only to
such disabilities as are common to other citi-
zens, and that, by the second clause of (he con-
stitutional amendment, Congress is empowered
to enforce the abolition of slavery by appropri-
ate legislation. On this foundation the Senator
places his bill, assuming that to complete the
abolition of slavery, all restrictions, penalties,
or deprivations of right, resulting from slavery
in any State or Territory must be made to cease.
The proposition that I have had the honor of
presenting, is a joint resolution, which after
declaring the duty of Congress to guaranty a
republican form of government in States where
the governments have lapsed, and also, the
duty to complete the abolition of slavery by
the reuuu al of all relies of this wrong, proceeds
to provde thai then; shall be no Oligarchy,
Aristocracy, Caste, or Monopoly, nor any de-
nial (>['rights ci\il or political on account of
eoloror race, butall pei sons shall be e<jual be-
fore the law whether in the court-room or at the
ballot-box. Not doubting the. power of Con-
gress to carry out this principle everywhere
within the jurisdiction of the united States, I
content myself for the present, by asserting it
only in (he lapsed Slates lalely in rebellion,
where the two-fold dnlv to guaranty a repub-
lican government and to enforce the abolition
of slavery is beyond question. To that extent
1 now urge il.
OJtJACTION'S Oi' FdliM.
Roth these propositions are opposed as in-
formal and inoperative, because they an' with-
out machinery or penalty. Such is the objec-
tion, if I understand il. As it has been made
f answer it,. ICaeh proposition on its lace is an
act of Congress prohibiting the denial of cer-
tain rights ou account of color. In this respect
each is at, least a congressional interpretation
of the Cousl itution ; and it is by no means clear
tiiut i( could not be enforced in the courts.
'J'he bill, which has already passed tile House of
Uepresentat'n os, strikingout the word " white''
in the electoral laws of the District of Colum-
bia, is without, machinery or penalty ; but it is
at least a congressional declaration, to be fol-
lowed, of course, by other legislation with
proper machinery and penalty; and this is the
precise character of the propositions presented
by the Senator from Illinois and by myself. Of
course the objections to these propositions, if
valid at all, must, be equally valid against, the
bill for enfranchisement, in the District of Co-
lumbia, and against every other congressional
declaration without machinery or penalty. It is
al most an objection of form, which I put aside
and advance at once to the substance. The
question is too vast and the times are too seri-
ous for a special demurrer, ltmust.be tried on
its merits. This question is as to the power of
Congress to establish Uquality of political rights
al least in the rebel States, if Congress has
this beneficent power, then exercise it in such
form as shall seem beijt with machinery and
penalty or without machinery anil penalty ; but,
in God's name, exercise it. for the sake of the
country which suffers from your delay.
tiik rowiuts op coxoucss.
Has Congress the power to secure Equality
of political rights, at least in the rebel Slates?
1 do not at this time raise the question of its
power throughout the United States, but in the
rebel States._ If this question were less tran-
scendent in its relations, or if it could bo ap-
proached calmly and without prejudice, in the
light of reason, I cannot doubt the judgment
j'ou would give. Butyoumuitbringto its.deter-
niinatioii the same simple desire for truth un-
disturbed by external influences which would
control a judicial tribunal; for, in the deter-
mination of your powers under the Constitu-
tion, you are a judicial tribunal. It will not be
enough to deny the beneficent power or to mock
at those who tind it in the Constitution. Yoit
must answer their arguments.
1. I do not like to dwell 011 what has been so
often discussed and so much misunderstood; and
yet I must remind you of the power of Congress
over the rebel States from the necessi!// of the
cane, because after the overthrow of legitimate
governments, whose members were sworn to
support the Constitution of the. United States,
there was 110 other rule possible for these States
than that of Congress ;• precisely as the Terri-
tories according to Chief Justice Marshall, in
a famous judgment, fell under '' the power and
jurisdiction of Congress" from the necessity of
the case. I do not say that a State becomes a
technical Territory, as that term is understood
among us; but f do say, that in the lapse of the
rebel States and in the absence of legitimate
governments with members sworn to support
the Constitution, these States fell under "the
power and jurisdiction of Congress'' until such
time as they are reorganized according to the
requirements of the Constitution. In the ex-
ercise of such a power and jurisdiction thus
cast upon it, Congress must see that all loyal
citizens without distinction of color take part
in the formation of the new governments.
12. I do not like to dwell on another source of
power, which is found in the Jiirjkts of IIrar;
but this too must be made plain. Nobody
doubts that the United States were justified in
asserting their supremacy in the rebel States
by force of arms; but, the war, when ouee be-
gun, was subject to all the conditions of war,
according to the liights of War as found in the
Law of Nations, doubly obligatory on us, first,
because wo belong to the family of Nations,
and secondly, because the Law of Nations is
expressly recogni/.cd by the Constitution itself.
Now, according to the Rights of War, as found
in the Law of Nations, a conquering L'ower is
justified in requiring not only Indemnity for
the Past but Security for the Future. It depends
upon the people of the United States, as rep-
resented in Congress, to determine the guar-
antees of this security. In support of this con-
clusion, 1 ask attention to a familiar authority,
whose statement seems to cover the case. I
read from Yattel:
"The whole ri,dit of the conqueror is derived from
jwtiji'fhlc •ir/f-dejen^e. lie may in tho fu*«t place do
nimsc*Ifjus(ieete^>eetini; the object which had given
rise to (he war, find indemnity himself for the ex-
jH'iiscs and damages he has sustained by it: ho may,
according to the exigency of tho case, subject the
nation to punishment by way of example; he may,
oven, if prudence so require, render hvr niecwcdde of
doing uii&ehiej with the dame cane in future."
The offending party when conquered may be
rendered incapable of doing mischief with tho
same ease in future. This is according to nat-
ural justice. Then again the same familiar
authority expresses himselfas follows:
"If the inhabitants have boon personally guilty of
any crime against the conqueror. hemai/bywayof pun-
ishment drprtrr them of their i i(/htn ondprivdeoes. This
he may aho do if the inhabitants have taken up arms
against him and thus become his enemies. In that
ease he owe? them no more than what is due from a
humane and eciuitable conqueror to his vanquished
foes."—Vattel, book iii, cap. 18, sec. 107.
Surely out of this ample power Congress
cannot hesitate in requiring Justice to tho wards
and allies of the Republic through whom the
Rebellion was crushed: especially when with-
out justice to them Security in the Future is
nothing but a mockery and a phantasmagoria.
8. From these sources of power 1 pass to that
other which is found in the constitutional obli-
gation to guaranty to every State of the Union
a republican form of government* *Iere isthe
text of the Constitution:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government.'*
This obligation is peremptory and not discre-
tionary. It is shall and not may. The United
States must do it. Of course, in executing
this guarantee, you mustailix a meaning to the
term "republican form of government'' To
do this I have already in this debate endeav-
ored to show the essential principles which our
fathers had at heart when they founded the
Republic. I shall not weary you now with tho
historic statement. It is enough if I present
the conclusion. According to the fathers all
men arc equal in rights, and as corollaries from
this truth all just government is founded on the
consent of the governed, and taxation without
representation- is tyranny. Such was their idea
of a Republican Government.
Tt is idle to allege against this definition,
that there were property "qualifications" in
most of the States by which the number of
voters was essentially limited. This is true.
But it must not be forgotten that a property
" qualification," unless unreasonably large,
is not a disfranchisement. It is a condition,
sometimes onerous, but not in its nature insur-
mountable as is the condition of color, and it is
equally applicable to all. And yet it is appar-
ent from the recorded opinions of the fathers,
that even this "qualification" was regarded,
as inconsistent with the genius of republican
institutions.
It is idle also to allege against this definition,
the toleration of slavery. This was sad enough;
but the fathers who did it regarded slavery as
absolutely exceptional. According to the defi-
nition of a slave, he has no will of his own, and
can give no " consent'' to government. There-
fore he was not considered as belonging to the
"body-politic." But as he was not repre-
sented he was not taxed, except as property.
Indeed, a careful examination of his relations
to the Government will show how completely
in his case the rights of the "people" are left
untouched. lie was not regarded as one of
the "people," and therefore was not under
the safeguard of the rights of the "people."
But all this was changed when he became a
freeman, lie was then one of the "people,"
whose property could not be taken by taxation
without representation, and whose consent
was essential to government. The difference
was not between whites and blacks, but be-
tween slaves and freemen. All freemen with-
out distinction of color were citizens. Listen,
if you please, to the Federalist, in an article
which has been attributed to each of the three
eminent authors of that collection, and which
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Jonxsotf]
assumed was by Madison, but which is claimed
for Hamilton, in the last edition of the Federal-
ist by his son. Here are the important words:
"It is only under tho pretext that the laws havo
transferred the negroes into subjects of property, that
a place is disputed them in the computation ot num-
bers; AM) IT IS ADMITTED THAT IF THE LAWS WERT; TO
RESTORE THE IUOHTS WHICH HAVE KEEN TAKFN \WYY,
THK NEGROES COl'LD NO LUNGIOR E.E REFUSED AN EQUAL
SHAKE OP REl'R CSENT VT10N WITH THK OTHER INHAB-
ITANTS."— The Federalist, No. 54, by Hamilton.
Such is the exposition of the actual Consti-
tution by Hamilton. According to him, "If
the laws were to restore the rights which have
been taken away, the negroes could no longer be
refused an equal share of representation with
the other inhabitants." But this very hour has
sounded. The laws havo restored the rights
which had been taken away, and it is nowyour
duty to see that the people who have regained
their rights are no longer refused an equal share
of representation. The opinion of Hamilton
on this vital question is still further attested by
his saying that the liberty for which our fathers
fought was the *4 right of each individual to a
share in the Government;" that4 4 the electors
are to be the great body of the people of the
United States;'" and still further, by his prop-
osition in his plan of a Constitution, as follows:
"Representatives shall be chosen, except in the
first instance, by tlic free male citizen* und inhabitants
of the several States comprehended in the Union, all
of whom of the age of twenty-one years and upward
shall be entitled to an equal vote."
In this proposition, which, though not adopted
in terms, may be regarded as the pole-star
of our Fathers, the distinguished author fol-
