2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
of only loyal men sustained during this war for
the nation's life will be pressed, and pressed,
and pressed upon this nation; and, sir, by and
by, in some form or other, when we have
reconstructed the Government, when all the
States shall move again in their accustomed
spheres in harmony with each other, when we
are again a united people, not only by law, but
in heart, then the time will come when this
country must decide what shall be done for
such claimants, and we must, in order to act
prudently, husband our resources as an upright
man would who was resolved to be just before
he was generous, and to pay his debts before
he made a settlement upon his children, or an
endowment upon his wife. You must husband
your resources now for the financial trial that
is before you. Do not let the world see yon
going into the gigantic schemes of plunder for
the benefit of corporations, thereby shaking
your credit before the nations of the world.
Husband your resources and proceed with cau-
tion, deliberation, and frugality.
1 know, sir, that we all by nature and edu-
cation admire the grand, the beautiful, and
the sublime. We look out upon the thunder
storm and we behold the majesty and power
of the Almighty with pleasure and interest.
We stand before the great cataract of Niagara
and behold the wondrous workings of the di-
vine power in awe; and it seems to me that
from this love of the great and sublime, when
in this Hall of Representatives, as we look
upon schemes of public plunder, the larger, the
more magnificent, the more sublime they are,
the more are we likely to fall into their sup-
port. It is time that wo should fall back to a
more sensible and rational view of things.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BO U J WELL. I would ask the gentle-
man whether, when lie refers to this floating
debt, which cannot be liquidated without an
expenditure of $2,000,000,000, he refers to
claims that may be brought, by persons in the
clown States lately in rebellion'/'
Mr. DELANO. 1 refer only to claims of
luvd persons.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would ask him whether
lie includes claims that maybe brought by per-
sons in the eleven States recently in rebel-
lion?
Mr. DELANO. I refer to such claims as will
be made by loyal people in all the States, and
none others. When 1 say that it will take
$2,000,000,000, I do it on the assumption that
we shall compound these claims in some man-
ner without settling up to the full amount.
Mi'. 1!()U 1 WELL. Is that to be one of the
effects of reconstruction?
Mr. DELANO. 1 did not say so; but, the
nation will ultimately have to meet this ques-
tion, and settle it, in some form, either by com-
pounding or refusing to pay. I do not know
that it will necessarily follow reconstruction. I
have not got that disease upon the brain.
Mr. BOIJIHELL. Nor upon the heart
either.
Mr. DELANO. What did the gentleman
say—"nor upon the heart?"
Mr. BOUTWELL. X understood the gen-
tleman to say that when the Government was
reconstructed, and we were one people, not in
law merely, but in sentiment, then this debt
woulo be paid. I would as lief spend the money
on the Niagara ship-canal.
Mr. DELANO. I have no doubt the gentle-
man would rather spend it upon the Niagara
ship-canal, because that will perhaps open up
a way to where he lives, or promote in some
way the interests of his constituents.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It opens up a way from
the great West to the Atlantic.
Mr. DELANO. I am from the great West,
and although my friend thinks I have not re-
construction in my heart, I have in my heart
the interests of the western country, and I pro-
fess to understand them. Certain it is that I
am not afflicted with ossification of the heart if
I have not reconstruction in that organ.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DELANO. I will hear the question.
Mr. HENDERSON. I would ask the gen-
tleman if he means that the Government is not
to undertake any enterprise until the public
debt is all paid off. Is that the doctrine of
the gentleman?
Mr. DELANO. I have not said that, nor
have I said anything that will lead to that in-
ference. I have said that after the large grant
already made to this company, there is no
justice in our making the additional grant that
is now proposed to be made to them.
But I alluded to the condition of the coun-
try and the state of the national finances for
the purpose of showing that we should not now
go into this enterprise. I do it in the convic-
tion that the system now proposed will at once
shock our credit, at home and abroad ; that it
will have a bad influence upon the nation's
credit, at the very moment when we are strain-
ing every nerve and making every exertion to
bring this country back to a system of specie
payments; when we should economize our
resources and expenditures for the purpose of
accomplishing that great work as one of the
necessities before us.
Without discussing this subject further, I
will yield the remainder of my time to my col-
league, [Mr. Sl'ALDIXG.]
Mr. SPALDING. I well recollect, Mr.
Speaker, when the act was passed, which has
been alluded to in this discussion, conferring
upon an association of gentlemen, mainly from
New England, I think some forty-seven million
acres of land for the construction of a railroad
called the Northern Pacific railroad; and 1
recollect as well that I then entered my pro-
testation against that grant, as I do now against
charging upon the Government liabilities for
moneys in the shape of interest upon stocks to
bo issued by this organization. I considered
it an association contrived for stock-jobbing
purposes. But my words of admonition were
not heeded; that bill becamea law, and thereby
the United States, in the language of my friend
who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Dcla>'0,]
were virtually robbed of forty-seven million
acres of land.
But. it is said on the one side that this grant
consisted of poor land; while on the other,
when it suits the parties better, it is said that
these lands wore the most fertile of the West,
and of a value almost incalculable.
Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand a report
made to the Boston Board of Trade last au-
tumn, at the instance of these corporators, to
show the extent and quality of the grant which
the Thirty-Eighth Congress made to this cor-
poration. And it consists of a certificate over
the signature of a gentleman who for a long
time administered the duties of the General
Land Office, who was for a time one of the act-
ive managers of the Illinois Central Railroad
Company, and who is now the efficient Third
Auditor of the national Treasury. I send to
the Clerk and ask him to read for the benefit
of this House in his audible tones of voice the
opinions of Hon. John Wilson in regard to the
value of the land grant now held by this asso-
ciation.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I have not the figures, nor would I be able to work
them up if I had; but comparing this with thc.Illi-
nois Central railroad grant, I think it would be a
small estimate to say, that if this errant is properly
managed it will build the en tire road, connecting with
the present terminus of the Grand Trunk, tlnoush to
Puget sound and head of navigation on the Colum-
bia; fit out an entire fleet for the China, East India,
and coasting trade, of sailing vessels and steamers:
and leave a surplus that will roll up to millions/'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That
pamphlet is put out in the interest of the com-
pany.
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir; it was made
for the purpose of obtaining stock in Boston
at the hands of the capitalists of that city.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SPALDING. Not now.
Mr. LATHAM. That was made for another
purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. It was made for another
purpose; the gentleman is correct in that. It
was madeforthe purpose ofinducingxonfidence
by capitalists in the stock of this company, and
induce them to invest their money in it.
Now, I do not design to impute any improper
motives to the Third Auditor of the Treasury;
far from it. I believe he was expending his
best judgment upon the question then submit-
ted to him for his opinion, for he proceeds in
a portion of his letter to describe these lands,
their quality, their location, and everything
about them. And he thus concludes by giving
his estimate of the value of the grant made by
the Thirty-Eighth Congress assuring the capi-
talists that if these lands are judiciously man-
aged, they will provide the means to construct
this road from the Grand Trunk in Canada to
Puget sound and the navigable waters of the
Columbia, and in addition to that, fit out a fleet
of merchant vessels and steamers for China
and East indies, with a margin left of "mil-
lions of dollars."
Upon this munificent grant a company springs
up—reorganized, they tell us—and asks us to
do, what? Wrhy, in the face of a present as-
certained indebtedness on the part of our Gov-
ernment of nearly four thousand million dollars;
in the face of the taxation now imposed upon
our people to pay current national expenses
and the interest upon the public debt, we are
asked to pay interest upon the bonds of this
company. To what extent, sir? The sum
total of the amount upon which the Govern-
ment is to bind itself to pay interest at six per
cent, per annum is $57,4'20,000. One year's
interest upon this amount is $3,445,200.
But, say the advocates of this measure, the
Government never will be called upon to pay
the whole sum. When the first twenty-five
miles of the road shall be completed, then the
amount will be estimated at an average rate,
as stated here, of $31,900 per mile, making
for the twenty-five miles $797,500, on which
the Government is expected to pay interest.
When the first twenty-five miles are completed
the bonds are to bo issued and the indemnity
by the Government is to go into effect. At
that time the interest upon this sum for the
first twenty-five miles will amount to $47,850,
which is to be paid out of the Treasury ; and
so on from the first twenty-five miles to another
twenty-five miles, and another, and another,
until the road is completed.
But it is claimed by the advocates of this bill
that the Government is here offered complete
security for assuming this liability. Security
in what way ? The company will give us, they
say, as security one half of their lands—all
their lands lying on one side of the road. The
other half they reserve for their own purposes,
speculative or otherwise. One half of our liberal
gift to this company they give us back as secu-
rity for the further advancement in the shape
of a loan of the national credit, upon which we
are to pay interest, as upon bonds, for twenty
years. Now, I am willing to take the chair-
man of the Pacific Railroad Company at his
word. For the sake of argument, 1 will admit
all the great practical benefits which it is
claimed are to result from the construction of
this road. I will admit that a portion of these
benefits will flow in upon my own people, for
it is claimed that all along the route from Min-
nesota through Lake Superior and all the great
chain of lakes, even to New England, the bene-
fits resulting from this great national work
must flow in most copiously. I admit it all. I
will go further and admit, if you please, that
so soon as the first twenty-five miles of road
shall have been completed, and it shall be as-
certained that the company can stand upon its
own feet, they will not call upon the Treasury
for a dollar. I say that, even admitting that
not one single dollar may ever be taken from
the national Treasury by reason of this under-
taking, still I say the weight of the argument
is against any such proposition as that contained
in this bill.
