1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
and Lazarus in the bosom of Abraham. That
chasm was made by the civil war from which
we have just emerged. On one side of it stand
all the disloyalty and nearly all the wealth and
intelligence in those communities. On the other
stand all the loyalty and nearly all the poverty
and ignorance in them.
On which side the greater number is to be
found I do not know. Probably in some dis-
tricts it would be found on one side, and in
others upon the other side. It cannot be but
that the spirit which animates both sides is
most unfriendly, not to say malignant.
Hitherto we have seen only the temper which
inspires those upon the other side. That is
as full of the extract of hell as a rational man
would care to see. Those upon this side, upon
the American side of the gulf, have as yet been
allowed little opportunity of developing the sen-
timents which actuate them. It cannot well be
doubted, though, that the load of hatred and
wrong with which they have for years been
overborne has engendered feelings of a corre-
sponding nature in their breasts.
When you have once committed this fearful
engine known as a State government to a peo-
ple itis beyond the control ofthenation. There-
after that people must run it to suit themselves.
So long as they exercise only the powers per-
mitted by; the supreme law they may use them
as they will. Whenever, then, you commit this
power to the people of one of those districts, it
will fall into the hands of one or the other of
these antagonistic parties. I submit to you, sir,
there is imminent danger that whichever party
gets possession of it in their present mood will
use it to the utter destruction of the other.
We hear much talk about securing guarantees
for the future. It was recently said by a dis-
tinguished member of the other House while
pleading for immediate restoration—
" I would exact at their hands all needed and just
guarantees for their fixture loyalty to the Constitution
and the laws of the United States."
For myself, sir, I care less, infinitely loss,
about security for tlieir future good behavior
toward us, than I do for security that they will
keep the peace toward each other. Hitherto
the United States has been able to take care of
itself. I trust she will prove as capable in the
future. But a minority under the government
of a State in the hands of a majority moved
by that active and relentless hate which we
have too much reason to believe animates both
these factions, and which we know inspires
one of them, is helpless and hopeless. Until,
therefore, existing animosities have somewhat
smoothed down, I would not dare to deliver
these suspended functions irretrievably to those
people for fear of just such a collision.
There are those among us, sir, I am sorry to
know, who propose to avoid such a collision by
committing these suspended functions to the
white population alone, with power to exclude
from participation in them so many of their
number as they please.
Mr. President, I am not ready to accept that
expedient this year. T do not expect to be next
year. I cannot now foresee when I shall be
prepared for it. But when I am torn again,
sir, and have a new gospel committed to me
from on high which does not proclaim "peace
on earth and goodwill to men," but proclaims
eternal war on earth, and hatred and all un-
eharitableness to men; which teaches that fraud
and rapine are the commanding interests of a
republican State, and that Governments should
grace treason with laurel wreaths and heap
chains upon fidelity; when I hear that gospel
from on high—nol from below, whence 1 have
heard it all my life—if I accept it, I may be
ready to try this expedient, but not until then.
This proposition is to clothe all on the rebel
side of the dividing gulf with power and to deny
it to nearly all upon this side. This is to make
your enemies that controlling, irresponsible ma-
jority, and to make your friends that helpless
and hopeless minority. This is to put the mill
into the exclusive possession of pardoned trai-
tors, and to throw all truth and loyalty into the
hopper. That is the entertainment to which
we are invited by the immediate restorationists.
For one " I can't go." And 1 do not propose
to send any ' regrets."
My colleague recently characterized these
communities not inaptly as a "boiling caldron
of passion and excitement.'' Into that caldron
we are cordially invited to throw all the loyalty
there is there, while treason is employed to
tend the fires. I must be pardoned if 1 object
to the arrangement. Why, sir, do you remem-
ber who these are into whose hands you are
asked to consign these enormous powers?
They are traitors, and traitors, not to a Gov-
ernment which oppressed them, but to a Gov-
ernment which gave them a monopoly of all
the oppression there was practiced under it.
They are criminals snatched from the gallows
by executive clemency.
Mr. President, you may ransack the history
of civilized nations and you cannot find among
the rulers who have been deposed for their
crimes one who has so unequivocally demon-
strated his unfitness for rule as the very class,
we are now asked to recrown.
I do not ask you to rest upon an assertion.
I appeal to the record. If there is any practice
which civilization and Christianity condemn it
is slavery. But in defiance of that judgment
these people persisted in holding three million
human beings as the mere chattels of half a
million. If there is any principle of govern-
ment upon which the American people and
liberal people everywhere are agreed, it is the
principle that opinion and speech ought to be
tree, liven in these communities every chap-
ter in their codes, every article in their creeds,
every measure in their policies, have been
opened to free and licensed discussion, save
only the rightfulness of slavery. Whoever
raised his voice against that has been silenced
or banished. In the earlier and better days of
the llepublie all were agreed that slavery ought
not to go beyond the limits of the States in
which it existed. But these people not only
demanded free ingress for slavery to all the
Territories, but in 1801 they waged flagrant
war upon the people of the United States be-
cause they elected a man for President who was
opposed to legalizing slavery in the Territories,
and in the prosecution of that war have sub-
jected the nation to an expenditure of three
billions of treasure, and to a sacrifice of blood
and of life which no man can contemplate with-
out a shudder.
Why, sir, it is the recorded judgment of the
nation that these communities are unfit to wield
the powers heretofore possessed by the States
ofthis Union. Heretofore American States have
had the power to hold portions of their inhab-
itants in slavery. These communities have all
doneit. With two exceptions every other com-
munity his prohibited it. Against a wrong so
gigantic the nation has been compelled to inter-
vene, and has, in the face ofan applauding woi Id,
deliberately stripped every community wi .hi 
the United States of that power. That judg-
ment was unquestionably just; but who that
believes in the universality of human justice
does not hang his head at seeing thirteen great
American communities arraigned at the bar
of public opinion, pronounced guilty of an in-
tolerable abuse of power, and compelled by a
national decree to renounce it?
Mr. President, will any one tell me that in
spite of all these acts there are many good men
in those communities, men as true to their con-
victions as are to be found anywhere? AVho
doubts it? Who doubts that Paul, when lie S
threw Christians into prison, compelled tlmm
to blaspheme, gave his voice against them when
condemned to death, and went snufiing on
their track toward Damascus, was as true to
his convictions as ever he was ? But who be-
lieves he was then a suitable or a safe guard-
ian for the disciples of Christianity? I am
not clamoring for scaffolds or prisons, or pen-
alties, or forfeitures for the authors of these
crimes. Fling them pardons if you choose. If
repentance will not come in quest of pardon,
send pardon in search of repentance. Give to
tlie rebels life and civil rights, and political
privileges; give them offices and honors, if you
must; build altars to them, if you will, but,
for God's sake, do not sacrifice men on those
altars any longer. Will any one tell me that
such recurrences to the past are calculated to
postpone the era of good feeling for which- the
country yearns ?
Mr. President, the era of good feeling waits
for one of two events. It will come when wrong
surrenders to right, or when right surrenders to
wrong. If it comes with the former event it
will stay; if it comes with the latter "it trill*
leave early. Those who would have theeraof
good- feeling stay when it comes should strive*
to hasten the surrender of the wrong, and should
resist to the end the surrender of the right.
But we are exultingly told that "slavery is abol-
ished;" as if now there was no more danger to
be apprehended from the abuse of power. Yes,
Mr. President, by the ordinance of emanci-
pation three million people have been delrv-
ered_ from the slave pens and taken from the
auction blocks. They have been redeemed from
the kingdom of chattelism, but they have not
been placed in the republic of man. Let us
withhold our boasting for the present. Power-
can make men miserable otherwise than by
making them merchandise. Who does not see
that if the freedmen are placed under the po-
litical control of that white population, emanci-
pation has only transferred them from the in-
dividuals who formerly owned them to a close
corporation composed of the same persons?
And what use is to be made of them then ? Sir,
we are not blind or deaf, unless we choose to
shut our eyes and stuff our ears with cotton; and
we cannot fail to know, as well as if their pur-
pose was emblazoned on all the southern hea-
vens, that they mean, in spite of emancipation,
to monopolize still the labor of the freedmen,
to control its wages, and to appropriate all of
its proceeds not demanded for their bare sup-
port. To (hat end you are distinctly informed
that, with their consent, the freedmen shall not
come to the polls; shall not enter the witness
box or the jury box, or sue in the courts; shall
not hold lands, nor inherit or transmit property.
Oh, but you say, some of those communities
have agreed that the freedmeu may sue in the
courts and swear ujion the witness stand. Yes,
but will you toll ine how, with all these disabil-
ities heaped upon them, they are to be. able to
employ an attorney to appear for them ? Or how,
with all this prejudice arrayed against them,
they arc to find an attorney who dare appear for
them ? Or how, with all this indignity piled upon
them, they are to find a jury that is not instructed
not to credit what they say?
But how have even these beggarly concessions,
not to justice but toward jusiicc, been secured?
How has the consent of either of those commu-
nities to the decree of emancipation been ob-
tained ? How is it that some of them agreed to
annul their ordinances of secession while others
have only repealed theiii ? Iiow have some of
these communities been induced not to forego,
but to postpone, the charge of the debt con-
tracted in aid of the rebellion upon the indus-
try of those communities ? Sir, you and I know
how it has all been done. It has been done by
the efforts of the President. We have seen liim,
as it were, strip himself and go down into those .
several arenas, armed with the whip of politi-
cal exclusion, as I liavo seen Driesbaeh go info
a cage of lions, and, in the name of national
| justice, struggle there for some recognition of
' it. For this labor, in the name of my constit-
uents, T thank him. Tt was work in the right
direction. He has done all it was necessary
for trim to do. lie has demonstrated that, those
people, if the nation will remit tliem their for-
feited lives and estates and readmit them to
political rights, will do whatever the nation
demands. In the name of God, then, let the
nation demand justice — not the shadow but
-the body of it -r not the semblance but the sub-
stance of it.
But, sir, they mean to do more than monop-
olize the labor of the freedmen; they mean to
convince the American people that emancipa-
tion was a blunder and a crime. Hence it is that
