J886i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
case in which a commissioned officer has actu-
ally entered on his duty, but by reason of being
killed or captured by the enemy or other cause
beyond his control, was not mustered into the
service,, the pay department shall allow such
officer or his heirs the full pay and emoluments
of his rank from the day when he actually en-
tered on such duty, deducting all pay that may
have been actually received by such officer. It
provides fhat in case of death, the heirs or
legal representatives of the party who would
have been entitled to this compensation if he
had lived, shall receive it. I now call the pre-
vious question on agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORTRAIT OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to suspend further proceed-
ings under the order of the House for the
present, until I submit a resolution for its
action, the object of which I will briefly ex-
plain. Some months ago I received from the
United States consul at Aix-la-Chaj>elle a let-
ter of introduction which he had given to a
Venetian artist by the name of Salviati. He
inclosed a letter from that artist, from which
I now send to the Clerk's desk an extract, aud
ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
134 Regent Street, West London,
April 9, 3866.
Sir: I have the honor to address you, through the
inclosed •introduction of W. H. Vesey, Esq., of Aix-
la-Ohapelte.
During the deplorable war, which lias now ceased,
my fellow-citizens and myself over felt the deepest
sympathy lor your great nation; and on hearing of
your national bereavement ill the death of one who
will ever be remembered as one of the world's sreat-
est heroes, my establishment thought it could not
better express the sympathies of our countrymen than
by presenting to the American nation a portrait of
their deceased President, executed in such imperish-
able materials thatitmiglit be handed down to their
posterity, and ever preserve in their memories the
greatness and recollections of Abraham Lincoln.
XJrompt'ed by such heart-felt emotions, aportrait of
liim has been executed in enamel mosaic, at my es-
tablishment in Venice, andnowwebeg its acceptance
by the United States people, as a small token of our
deepest sympathies with them in their bereavement,
and as ail expression of our unqualified admiration
of the character of the great man represented by the
portrait. * i- *• * «
►Should this favor be denied me, I would bos? that
the portait may bo accepted by the American people,
and placed m one of their groat andadmirableinsti-
tutions, where it may be seen by all true Americans,
who may rest assured that one thousand years hence
the great President's portrait will be as perfect as
when first executed, if uninjured by accident or will-
ful damage.
I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient
servant, A. SALVIATI.
Hon. Henry J. Raymond,
Member of the Ilousa of Representatives.
Mr. RAYMOND. The portrait, to which
reference is made in the letter which has just
been read, reached me a week or two since,
and I caused it to be placed in the Speaker's
room for the examination of members of this
House. Those who have examined it will have
seen that while the class of art to which it be-
longs is not perhaps the highest among the fine
arts, it has nevertheless a great many recom-
mendations, chief among which, as the artist
himself states, is its imperishable nature. It
is a style of art which is one of the oldest in
Europe, and has contributed by its character
to the preservation of the great master-pieces
of early ages, which otherwise would have gone
to decay. Some of the principal buildings of
Italy, and notably among them San Marco of
Venice, and St. Peters of Koine, are ornamented
with works of art in mosaic, some in precious
stones and others in enamel. They have en-
dured for hundreds of years, and are still as
bright and fresh as when first executed. I
trust that this House and this Congress will
deem it proper ts accept this gift from this for-
eign artist, presented as a tribute on his behalf
and that of those associated with him to the
greatness of our deceased President, as a mark
of their respect for the great country over which
he presided.
Some writer—I do not now recollect who—
has remarked, in reference to criticism upon
literary works, that the verdict of a foreign
nation may well be regarded as essentially the
verdict of posterity. I am sure that that re-
mark, to a certain extent, may be applied to
the verdict of foreign nations upon the polit-
ical character of the great men of any day;
and in this respect we may well congratulate
ourselves upon the unanimous approbation and
applause which have greeted the career of the
deceased President, whose loss we so recently
were called upon to deplore. Perhaps more
than any other prominent American who ever
lived, except, perhaps, Benjamin Franklin,
Abraham Lincoln was the embodiment and
representative of whatever is peculiar in the
American character and in American culture;
and more than any American, with possibly
the same exception, his character and his
carcer have commanded the admiration and
applause of foreign nations. From all parts
of Europe—from the working® en of England,
from the workingmen of the great manufac-
turing cities of Franco—have come to us in
various forms tributes to his character and
tributes to the great work which he performed
for this his native land, and the only land
which his eyes had ever seen. And now, sir,
there comes to us from the ancient city of
Venice a tribute in the form of a work of art, to
which, I am sure, we shall accord a similar
welcome.
Something, perhaps, of respect and sympa-
thy may be due to the city from which this
work comes; a city whose vicissitudes, polit-
ical and civil, have been among the most re-
markable in the history of the world; a city
rightly styled by one of England's greatest
poets the "eldest child of liberty" that—
"Once did hold tlio gorgoous East in fee
And was the safeguard of tho West;"
a city which has passed through all the perils
and changes to which free institutions are al-
ways subject, and which will stand as a monu-
ment of political vicissitude and uncertainty
through all time to come; a city which is now
passing through some of the most remarkable
fortunes ever connected with the history of any
people—having been the first great representa-
tive in Europe of republican liberty; then
handed over by the first Napoleon to the dom-
ination of Austria; and now received from
Austria by the third Napoleon, to be handed
back again, as we may hope and trust, to the
dominion of liberty. A present of this sort
from such a city to this country, as a token of
remembrance for Abraham Lincoln, may well
be received by us with special expressions of
appreciation and regard.
Sir, I offer this resolution, which I trust will
be adopted unanimously:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring) That Congress accepts tho portrait of
Abraham Lincoln, presented by Signor Salviati, of
the city of Vcnice, with thanks to the donor, and that
tho portrait be placed for safe custody in the Library
of Congress.
The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
COURTS OP WASHINGTON TKRnlTORY.
The House resumed the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table, the first busi-
ness being Senate amendments to the bill (II.
II. No. 438) entitled "An act in relation to tho
courts of Washington Territory."
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
On page 1, line five, strikeout "tho" after "that"
and insert in lieu thereof " each."
In tho same line strike out "judges" and insert
"judge."
On the same page, in line seven, strike out " the"
after " in" and insert " his."
Amend the title by inserting, after the word "rela-
tion," the words " to the appointment of clerks for."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.^ I move that the
amendments be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to. I
PROTECTION 0* THE REVENUE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R:
No. 780,) entitled "An act to protect the rev-
enue, and for other purposes."
Mr. MORRILL. Several of the amendments
to this bill are important, while others are
merely verbal. I move that the House non-
concur in all the amendments, and ask th6
appointment of a committee of confetence.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is not necessary^
I suppose, that all these amendments should
be read; but there is one striking out the ninth
section of the bill which I think ought to be
concurred in; and as I shall ask a separate
vote on it. I request that it may be reported.
The Clerk read the following amendment
of the Senate:
Strike out the ninth section of tho bill, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That in determining tho
dutiable value of imported merchandise there shall
bo added to the cost, or to the actual wholesale price
or general market value at the time of exportation
in the principal markets of the country from whence
the same shall have been imported into the United
States, tho cost of transportation, shipment, and
transhipment, with all tho expenses included from
the place of growth, production, or manufacture,
whether by land or water, to tho vessel in which
shipment is made to the United States; the value of
the sack, box, or covering of any kind in which such
goods are contained; commission at the usual rates,
but in no ease less than two and a half per cent.;
brokerage, export duty, and all other actual or usual
charges for putting up, preparing, and packing for
transportation or shipment. And all charges of a
g'cneral character incurred in the purchase of a gen-
eral invoice shall bo distiibuted pro rata among all
parts of such invoice; and every part thereof charged
with duties based on value shall be advanced accord-
ing to its proportion, and all wines or other articles
paying specific duties by grades shall be graded and
pay duty according to the actual value so deter-
mined: Provided, That all additions made to the
entered value of merchandise for charges shall be
regarded as part of the actual value of such mer-
chandise, and if such addition shall exceed by ten
per cent, the value so declared in the entry, in addi-
tion to the duties imposed by law there shall be lev-
ied. collected, and paid a duty of twenty per cent, on
sucn value: Provided, That the duty shall in no case
bo assessed upon an amount less than the invoice or
vfilno
Mr. MOBUILL. I trust the House will
consent to non-concur in all the amendments
of the Senate. I do not consider the matter
of any great importance; but it seems to me
that the best way would be to allow the whole
subject to go to the committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If we non-concur
in the amendment of the Senate to strike out
the ninth section, of course the managers of
the conference on the part of the House would
feci bound to insist on the retention of that
section. I think it ought to be stricken out.
It provides for a general increase of duty on
imported goods. It is really an indirect way
of revising the tariff. On many articles the
increase of duty will be considerable. I ask
the House to concur in this amendment, inas-
much as the gentleman from Vermont, says it
is unimportant and he does not care about it.
I want to place it beyond doubt.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman frpm Iowa
is mistaken if he supposes this will have the
effect of making a great difference in the tariff.
It is not true in relation to some articles that
the duty will be considerable. To be sure it
would add a little on wool, and on other arti-
cles not subject to specific duties. However,
as I have already said, it is not a section about
which I feel tenacious, but I hope the House
will non-concur in all the amendments of the
Senate and let the whole subject be referred to
the committee of conference.
Mr. WENTWORTH. As the gentleman
from Vermont has alluded to the subject of
wool we may as well have the whole story.
The understanding was that this should be a
compromise tariff. We were to send nothing
over to the Senate which they could object to;
but, sir, no sooner was this bill over there than
this class of men who are constantly crying for
protection for themselves and careless of the
destruction of others went over to that body
and acted with that ferocity with which they
have always hunted down the producers of the
West. In this you have an explanation of the
whole matter. The Senate were willing to
