168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
their organs clamor wiHi tales of conspiracies,
of idleness,vagrancy, and of crime. Hence it is
that Christmas was assigned as the day for a
general uprising. Hence it is that on that day.
the anniversary of the day on which was born,
in Bethlehem of Jndea. Jesus, the oaviour of
man, it happened that soldiers lately returned
from the rebel army, wearing the uniform of the
confederacy, within live miles of your Capitol,
paraded the streets of Alexandria, doing their
utmost to provoke a revolt. Hence it is that
throughout that region, still heavily garrisoned
by the troops of the nation, in defiance of any
local public sentiment, if not in accord with it,
and in defiance of the national power, murder
sweats at its work of blood. * If you, who are
responsible for the law of emancipation, ar-
dently desire to be damned for it, you have only
to place it in the hands of its most relentless
eimmies to administer and illustrate. With-
draw the national authority, surrender the
protection of the emancipated to the men who
formerly owned them, dictate to them what con-
stitutions and what laws you please to-day, so
that you give them full authority to repeal them
to-morrow, and you know what will happen.
Restored to the prerogatives of States, and
in full possession of their seats here, they will
coolly tell you that having made one constitu-
tion and one code for the Washington market
they will proceed to make one for home con-
sumption. Having at your dictation agreed to
the act of emancipation, they will, after their
own fashion, proceed to show you what it is
worth. Having at your bidding waived the
payment of the rebel debt, they will proceed to
cancel the old bonds and issue new ones for the
amount. And when, under their new code, the
freedman is excluded from the jury box, the wit-
ness stand, the courts, and from the whole reme-
dial law, and from the schools : when their
labor is charged with an enormous debt con-
tracted in the effort to perpetuate and intensify
their servitude ; when the regenerated State
shouts to them "Work!" and yet denies them
all chance to work eveept in the employ of
their late owners, the great landholders ; when
the freedman sees that his utmost efforts only
secure him a subsistence, which he always had,
and that the strictest lidolity secures him no
friends, which he once had ; when he finds that
the tie which linked him to the family of his
old master is severed, ami that no new tie links
him to the family of man, what then?
Sir, I do not doubt that oppression, cunningly
devised and persistently applied, can secure a
revolt from these frcedmen. And what then?
I;C! Jamaica answer. A revolt has been ef-
fected there, and with what result? Shakspeare
thought, to caricature the tireless gonius of
slaughrer when he made the " mad-cap I'lince
ot \\ ales'1 describe the "Hotspur of the noith"
as "he who kills me six or seven dozen Scots
at a bi-eaklast; washes his hands, and savs to
his wile: ' r'ie upon this (juiet life! 1 want
work.' ' Oh, my sweet Harry/ saws she, 'how
many hast thou killed to-day?' ' Civo my roan
horse a drench,' says he, and :mswers, 'Some
fourteen.' an hour after—'J irijle, a trifle."
Poetry gives you that for caricature. When
you ask the newspapers, those chroniclers of
actual events, how many have been killed in
Jamaica, they answer, weeks after the event,
'' from two to lour thousand!'' As if it only con-
cerns the world to know the number in round
thousands and was not necessary to be very par-
ticular as to the number of thousands.
I asked a friend of mine, a sagacious chron-
icler of political resnlis, what would happen if
the freedmeu weie driven to a revolt. He an-
swered, with the quiet appcaranee of one who,
looking upon a clouded sunset, says it ?' ill rain
io-tnorroic. "They will be extenninated.''
^ ok, Mr. President, Bui when the nation has
returned from exterminating ihe emancipated,
with what judgments will they visit the euion-.
eiputors / Who of us, who are responsible for
emancipation, will care to wait for his share of
the execration that is sure to follow the act,
when we have nothing to show for it but a
maddened revolt and a relentless massacre ?
But even if protection the most ample was
already secured to these freedmen, I should still
be unwilling to restore to those communities the
functions of States. There is another class of
people there who, in my judgment, deserve the
attention of Congress. 1 refer to that class who
have the luck to be white but have had the sin-
gular taste during the past four years to be
loyal. Do we forget that during those last ter-
rible years different portions of each of those
rebellious districts have been under the control
of different governments, deadly hostile to each
other? A part of what we call Louisiana has
been under the control of the military author-
ities of the United States. Those authorities
have not only been pro tecting the territory within
their possession against the incursions of rebel
forces, but they have, in the absence of any
civil government which the United States could
recognize, been administering justice between
man and man.
It is not to be doubted that in the discharge
of these civil functions, as in the exercise of
military functions, your authorities have acted
in the interest of ihe United States. It is not
to be doubted that they have discriminated in
favor of the loyal and against the disloyal.
Other portions of the same Louisiana have
been under the control of rebel authority. We
know very well that they have discriminated
against the loyal and in favor of the disloyal.
To what extcntthese discriminations have gone
011 either side we are not informed. An officer,
who has recently been filling a high command
in South Carolina, told me he knew of men
whose whole estates had been confiscated by
the rebel authorities for no other offense than
ha\ing been true to the flag of the nation. J\ow,
it is deliberately proposed to surrender the
whole local authority in each of those districts
to those men in whose favor the rebel author-
ities have discriminated and against whom our
authorities have discriminated. Does any man
suppose that any government can hereafter be
erected by the people of Louisiana, of South
Carolina, or of Virginia, which will uphold the
judgments of your military commissions, here-
tofore rendered against rebels, or that will re-
verse the judgments rendered by rebel tribunals
against Union men? Docs the United Slates
really mean to suffer all its past action in those
disl riots to be trampled under foot by its ene-
mies. and all the wrong and oppression which
have been visited upon its friends to go unre-
dressed?
If your troops had taken possession of a State
in Mexico during a war, they would have done
what they have done in Louisiana, and for the
same reason. A nd .Mexico would have regarded
your acts as Louisiana regards them—as the
decrees of force and not of law. If'the Mexican
State should be ceded to the United States the
Government of the United States would uphold
its prior acts. If the State should be restored
to Mexico the treaty of peace would settle the
'Question of the validity or invalidity of what you
had done. But you have had no treaty with
Louisiana, and you can have none. Only in
her new organic law can she abjure the claims
or the pretenses upon which she ought not to
insist, or upon which you do not moan she shall
insist.
Evervnew State, when she offers herself to the
acceptance of the nation, is required to renounce
by her constitution whatever claims Congress
deems she ought not to prefer, and especially
is required to respect, alter heradmission, what-
ever has been done by the authority of the na-
tion before her admission.
But, sir, if these people were entirely friendly
to each other, there would still, in my judgment,
be an insupeiable objection to their immediate
restoration to the prerogatives of States. That
objection lies in the fact that a large and con-
trolling portion of them are still ically hostile
to the United States. Gentlemen affect to dis-
credit tins fact. God knows 1 would be glad
to discredit it: but I cannot. The evidence of
it is conclusive and overwhelming.
^But yon say they have laid down their arms.
Yes, Mr. President, being physically unable any
longer to hold them up, they have laid them
down. But they seek to reenter tho commu-
nity of States! Yes, Jlr. President, having
found they cannot have control of their own
domestic and foreign affairs both, they would,
doubtless, like to have the sole control of their
domestic affairs only; and having found they
cannot successfully fiyht against the United
States, they would, doubtless, like the privilege
of sending here some hundred or more rep-
resentatives to vote against it. But they will
take the oath of allegiance! Yes, Mr. Presi-
dent ; but the oath they will take is no more
binding than that they were under in 1861, when
they made flagrant war upon you. But some
of them have even renounced the right of se-
cession! Yes, Mr. President, as Galileo re-
nounced the theory of the eaith's motion.
But everywhere you see unmistakable evi-
dences that their hearts are unchanged. The
uniform of the rebellion is slill worn and ita
songs still sung. In a church of this city last
Sabbath, I am told, three gentlemen were seated
with the insignia of the rebellion upon them.
In Alexandria, on Christmas, men whom your
law condemns to death wantonly assaulted
men for no other reason than that your law
proclaimed them free. In a theater in N"orth
Carolina, a short lime since, the orchestra
played the "Bonnie Blue Flag," and it was
received with rapturous applause.
It is suggested that those who parade their
evidences of hostility are few in number, and
do not represent the feeling of communities.
I challenge the Senate to show me what rebel
community has ever rebuked such displays.
Last week in a theater in Mobile, the orchestra,
in playing a medley, carelessly or by design
introduced a strain from Yankee Doodle. It
was hissed at once. Some officer in command
there directed it to be played by the orchestra
! the next night. It was applauded by those
wearing the American uniform, and hissed by
others. The papers say that it seemed likely
a general tumult was to ensue, and the ladies
left the theater. I find here extracts from
three Mobile newspapers commenting upon that
transaction, and I wish to read portions of these
extracts. I read first from the Mobile Tribune
of December 30:
" The music of the thing: is execrable. We have
been averse to that ever since we first heard it. But
it was, ill some sort, a national air. and that made it
respectable. Is it not likely that it was hissed by
| some person who meant, distaste to the mus-ic and not
; the sentiment which it conve>s? At all events it was
a bit of folly to hiss it under present circumstances."
What are the "circumstances?" Why, wo
have not got our representatives into Congress
yet. Under these circumstances "it was a bit
of folly to hiss" an air to which the people of
the United States are supposed to be somewhat
attached.
"A moiety of the audience was probably composed
of thfKe who ndmire it in every respect. Their feel-
ings and tastes ought to berespeetedby a genteel aud-
ience."'
The audience in Mobile was supposed to be
"genteel/' but not patriotic or loyal.
"Besides*, wo are informed that 'Dixie' and tho
'Bonnie Blue Flag,' both of which were considered
semi-confederate national airs, are often performed
by the orchestra without provoking hisses from that
part of the auditorium which is supposed to be averse
to them.
" Cannot our people be as polite as their 'Yankee*
friends?''
It is a question of politeness!
- " We shall take tho liberty, also, of informing those
who seem to forget it, that this State of Alabama is
presumed to be within the Federal Union—that it has
no powei. even if it had the desire, to put itsell in
hostility with the eential Government."
The Tribune is satisfied on the question of
power, but uncommitted on the question of
desire.
" It lies yet, in large measure, at the mercy of those
who overpowered it. Now, cannot people remember
this imposing fact and restrain theii prejudices, which
can only excite prejudice, and tlm^ load to disturb-
ances and give the enemies of the State an opportu-
nity to demand that more rigid restraints shall beput
on lie?"
That means, "Keep still till we get in a po-
sition where they cannot put any more restraints
upon us ; hush for the present; wait till we get
