4112
mm CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
July 24,
strike oat the ninth - seetion, to which allusion
has been made ; and X call the attention of our
agricultural friends to the fact that the time
has come when we should, strike for our free-
dom from these manufacturers. If protection
be a good things let the wool-growers have a
share of it.
' . Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speakei, I am not
one of those who see an intrigue covered up in
every proposition presented to my mind, and
therefore I do not see under this small amount
of meal any very large-sized cat. [Laughter.]
It seems to me the purpose of the committee
was a plain one, and one not at all complicated
by ulterior purposes. The fact was this: in
different countries, from which products are
shipped to the United States, different prac-
tices prevail. Some men go far into the inte-
rior and buy to ship. Sometimes they buy at
the dock at a foreign port. Sometimes they
buy before the port charges are paid, and some-
times they buy afterward. They bay under all
these conditions and in all these different situa-
tions, and the question naturally arises when
the duty shall oe laid, whether on the price
of the article two hundred miles in the inte-
rior, or one hundred miles, or at the port, or
if at the port, before the charges are paid or
afterward ? Shall it include transportation or
exclude it? We wanted to get some uniform
rule as to the conditions under which the duties
should be levied on these different articles. If,
when it got to the Senate, it fell among thieves
who expected to find something else in it, we,
of course, are not to blame for that. I am
willing it should go to the committee of con-
ference. I do not think the House will be
frightened Or aroused to a great pitch of ani-
mosity if it should give some measure of pro-
tection to some classes of our interests, because
I think the House by a very large majority has
already shown its willingness to give them pro-
tection. I hope it will go to the conference
committee anu bo a part of the whole plan
before them.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My objection to
sending this section to the committee of con-
ference is that it places in the hands of that
committee the entire subject of a tariff. Here
we are at the close of the session, and as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth]
says, the western interests have been cheated
time and time again in these tariff acts, and
we may be most desperately cheated during
this session, Now, sir, lot it go out entirely,
so that the subject shall not bo sent to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not understand what
the gentleman from Iowa means by saying that
the West has been cheated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Quoting the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr._ MORRILL. I think you are the re-
sponsible iudorser.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well; if the
gentleman insists upon it I will become re-
sponsible, and I will toll the gentleman what
I mean by it. I mean that in the arrangement
of the tariff laws of this country the western
interests have not received that share of pro-
tection which other interests have received.
Mr. MORRILL. If they have not received
that share of protection it is simply because
they have not as much of manufactures of iron,
copper, cotton, and wool. They have the same
identical protection on whatever they produce.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We have different
interests.
Mr. MORRILL. Another point raised by
the gentleman from Illinois. What he stated
in relation to the arrangement of this bill in our
committee was true in so far as this, that we
agreed not to report anything that was a dis-
putable matter. And so far as this biil goes
the ninth 'Section does somewhat increase per-
haps the foreign., eost of iron because it adds to
the amount of the expense, even getting it from
the wharf on board the vessel. It would in-
crease to the same extent the cost of wool. But
we gave no equivalent at all to manufacturers.
It was found wheirit came from the Senate that
there was one matter that it would interfere
with very essentially, and that was- coarse in*
grain tbrew-ply carpets, made up of very long,
coarse wool, costing less than twelve cents a
pound. An agent of the manufacturers came
to the Finance Committee of the Senate and
represented the facts. I do not understand
thatt there was anything unfair about it. The
fact would be if it was made to cost above
twelve cents per pound it would double the
duties. I suppose it was for this reason that
the Senate struck out this section. I think
it would be much better for the wool-grower
that this seetion should remain in and a com-
promise should be made on that class of wool
which we never have produced and which we
probably never shall produce. If we should
allow that particular class of wool to be exempt
from the operation of the ninth section I sup-
pose the Senate would be very willing to allow
the section to remain. For one, representing a
large class of wool-growers as I do, I would be
in l'avor of such a compromise as that rather
than lose the section. But at the same time,
as the Senate has postponed the general tariff
bill, I am not very tenacious about it I sup-
pose very likely this section will have to be given
up. The whole subject of the tariff would not
be opened by the committee of conference.
They cannot consider any subjects but such as
are in the bill, and if they should bring back
anythingelse it wouldbe against all parliament-
ary law.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. They could agree
with various amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. But they must be pertinent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Pertinent to the
subject of the bill which relates to duties.
Mr. MORRILL. Certain things would be
pertinent and others not. The gentleman from
Iowa knows very well that in a committee of
conference we cannot have all we ask on the
part of either House. Both must give up some-
thing. That is the usual practice.
Mr. WRIGHT. I inquire what the manu-
facturers give up on their side by way of com-
promise.
Mr. MORRILL. Nothingthatlamawareof.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I call the attention of
the House to the fact that it has passed this
section twice. It was in our original tariff bill,
and it was discussed here and adopted. The
Senate postponed that bill. It was afterward
put in the next bill which passed the House,
and went to the Senate; and now when it ap-
pears that the Senate has stricken it out, are
we to back down without meeting the issue and
say we will not talk about it? I hope the House
will refuse to concur in the Senate's amend-
ment. I think the section is an exceedingly
important one, and I should bo very sorry that
it should be given up. As the subject of the
tariff appears to have been postponed for this
session this will afford a little relief in some
cases. I trust, therefore, that the House will
refuse to concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the previous ques-
tion on the motion to non-concur, and ask a
committee of conference on all the amend-
ments of the Senate excepting that in relation
to the striking out of the ninth section, upon
which a separate vote seems to be desired.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof Mr. Morrill's motion was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon concurring with
the Senate in striking out the ninth section of
the bill.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
48, noes 48.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas aird nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 58, not voting
76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Baker. Bergen, Bromwell,
Cobb, GuHom, Dawes, Defrees, Donnelly, Driggs, Eg-
jglcston, Elrtridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck,
Aaron Harding, Abner C; Harding, Hogan, Inger-
soll, Julian; Kasson,-Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond,
Loaji, Marshall, Moulton, Niblaok, Nicholson, Noell,
Orth, Paiuc, Price. Radford, Alexander II. Rice,Hit-
ter, Ross, Shanlriin, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Nel-
son Taylor, Trimble, Wentworth, W-haley, James F.
Wilson, Win do in, Winfield, and Wright—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Barker, Baxter, Bidwell,
Bingham, * Boyer, Broomall, Bucklarid, Reader W.
Clarke, Conkling, Davis, Delano, Dixon, Garfield,
Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester
D. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulbnrd, Jenckes,
Johnson, Iielley, Ketcham, Koonlz, Baffin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marston,
Mclttier, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, William H.Ran-
dall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Seo-
field, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Welker, Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—58.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
DelosR. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Boatwell, Bran-
degee, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Culver,
Darling. Dawson, Deming.Denison, Dodge, Dumont,
Eckl ey, Fornsworth. Glossbrenner. Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Griswold.Hale, Harris, Hayes, Henderson,
Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Jones,
Kelso, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClnrg,
McCuHough, Mclndoe, McKee, Morris, Phelps, Pike,
Plants,Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall.Rogers.Sehonck,
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilvvell, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas.Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner,
Elibu B. Wasbburne, Henry D. Washburn, and Wil-
liam B. Washburn—76.
So the amendment of the Senate was not
concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
non-concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wali claims os1 massachusetts.
The next business in order was the consid-
eration of the joint resolution of the Senate
No. 121, providing for the examination of
the accounts of the State of Massachusetts for
moneys expended during the war for coast
defenses. The joint resolution was returned
from the Senate, the Senate non-concurring in
the amendment of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the Ho«ee recede
from its amendment. The only question is
whether these accounts shall be audited and
settled by a commission or by the Secretary
of War. It is not worth while to contend with
the Senate upon such a point, and I move the
previous question on my motion.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the accounts of the
State of Massachusetts will not be treated
differently from those of other States. The
reason why the Senate non-concurred in this
amendment was because all the accounts of
other States had been referred to commissions.
The question was taken on Mr. Ross's mo-
tion, and it was disagreed to.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
The question recurred upon Mr. Dawes's
motion, that the House recede from its amend-
ment ; and being put, the said motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion to recede was agreed to ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISIANA AND CALIFORNIA DISTRICT COURTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the disagreement of the Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to Senate bill No. 179, in
relation to the district courts of the United
States in the States of California and Louisiana.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House insist upon its amendments to the bill
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
