1866.
THE COMGRESSIOIOlL' ' GkOKE
out of the woods before you whistle or hiss the
whistling.''
" We do not take these manifestations of displeasure
as moaning anything of tile slightest importance, but
the indulgence of them may lead to what will be of
importance.
"Wo are not censuring any one"—
Of course not—
"but may eoncludewith the suggestion to the man-
agers that they had better hereafter omit the per-
formance of all airs which are likely to provoke a
repetition of tbo scene we are alluding to."
"You had better not play Yankee Doodle
any more in that theater," says the Tribune.
The Mobile Times of the same date has_ an
article headed "Musicand Liberty," in which,
after reciting the circumstances, it says:
"Now, with due respect to all parties, the whole of
this is wrong."
That is, playing the music and hissing the
music, the ordering by the militaryofficers that
it be replayed, and hissing it again, is all wrong,
says the Times.
"First of all, no law, of either State or Congress,
ever made 'Yankee Doodle' a national tune."
They cannot find it in the statute. You have
no business to complain that a tune is hissed
unless the law declares it to be a national tune,
and this is not recognized by the law yet!
"The very words which are adapted to the air ex-
clude any idea of the kind."
The Times goes on to argue that it is really
an old Neapolitan fishing song, &c. I will not
detain the Senate with that argument It is
curious in itself, and I have 110 doubt would
interest them.
"On the strength of this the tune may be hissed as
a musical performance without any direct or indirect
insult to our national feelings.
" On the other side, it is true to state that national
prejudice has to ft great extent adopted this tune as
an emblem, and that, right or wrong, it should be re-
spected.
" The Times is too well known as a consistent and
independent advocate of peace and conciliation to be
suspected of partiality in giving its views."
I do not suspect it of any partiality, in giv-
ing its views, between those who hissed a na-
tional air and thosewho played it. Underpres-
cnt circumstances, unquestionably, the Times is
-neutral. When these circumstances have passed
by and you can no longer impose any restraints
upon them, I think the neutrality of the Times
will be ended, and I do not think there is the
slightest doubt on which side of the controversy
the Times will appear.
" It might be remarked here," says the Times,
"that, as the military authorities never objectcdto
the performance of the 'Bonnie Blue Flag,' 'Dixie,'
and other southern tunes, it was in bad taste on the
part of tho theater to introduce in their musical exe-
cutions anything calculated to alter the present good
feelings."
That is pretty sagacious. The Titnesliasgot
a remedy. The national authorities down there
do not, object to the orchestra's playing the
Bonnie Blue Flag, and the Times suggests and
urges upon tho managers of the theater to stick
to the Bonnie Blue Flag; then you will have
none of this disturbance. Why introduce na-
tional airs? Confine yourselves to one class of
music, and let that be rebel music !
The Mobile Register of the same date says:
"We are free to admit that it ought not to have
been hissed; but surely it was not politic, by playmgi
it, to run the risk of making tho theater an arena of
a political emeute."
It ought not to have been hissed since the
orchestra stumbled on to it, but the managers
of the theater ought to have taken care not to
have their orchestra stumble on anational tune !
"The officers who took part in this portion of the
play ' not in the bills,' must determine for them-
selves how far they have aided the President in his
policy of reconciliation, and to what extent tho sum
total ol ' loyalty' has been increased m the com-
munity by the evening's performance;-."
So says the Register to the officers in com-
mand, '• Youmusttake care how you insist upon
having these national airs played in our thea-
ters ; you will balk the President's plan of re-
construction if you do not quit that." [Laugh-
ter.] That I read you, Mr. President, from
papers that are the advocates of the southern
style of loyalty. They are defending them, and
this is the way they defend them.
Nowhere can you find but two sentiments;
one that blustering with hostility to the national
authority, regardless_ of consequences, and the
other wildly suggesting, " Do not bluster yet:
there is too much depending upon our good
behavior!"
There are those who flatter themselves that
the temper of these communities is improving.
My own observations lead me to the conclusion
it is constantly growing worse. And I think
the fault is less theirs than ours. When the
war closed the rebels very evidently and very
naturally assumed that as they could not gov-
ern the United States they must obey it. Hence
they began at once their preparations either to
obey the country or to leave it. At once a
party sprang to the front prepared to champion
the cause of tho nation and to uphold its au-
thority. The party was not strong in numbers
or ininfluence. If the nation had stood byit, it
would have grown strong, and would soon have
become controlling.
But, unfortunately, in a very few months it
was proclaimed that the President was in alli-
ance, not with the party that prosecuted the
war, but with the party that opposed it; not
with the party that elected him, but with the
party that opposed his election.
Soon public rumor pointed to Senators, Rep-
resentatives, and presses who had hitherto sup-
ported the national cause, and declared them
ready to go with the President wherever the
President might choose to go. Then it was de-
clared that we had fought this gigantic war, not
to make the rebels obey the United States, but
to make them govern their own States; that
they would be invested with those governments
as soon astheywouldaceeptthem, andall could
see that as soon as the rebels were installed in
those governments all who dared to befriend
the United States would be subjected to every
outrage that political rancor, clothed with the
prerogatives of a State, could inflict. Since then
the United States has had no friends in those
districts. There have been but two parties
there: one endeavoring to awe the Government
with professions of defiance, and the other en-
deavoring to cheat it with professions of friend-
ship.
No Government can expect friends, and no
Government deserves them, which does not de-
monstrate its ability, or at least its willingness,
to protect them.
But we are told it is not strange that these
people should not cherish any very lively regard
for the United States at present. Perhaps it is
not. But it seems to me surpassing strange
that the United States should insist upon thrust-
ing vast political powers into the hands of mil-
lions who maintain unrelenting hostility to the
national cause.
I therefore conclude that upon every con-
sideration, both of national honor, of national
safety, and of local interest, Congress ought not
yet to restore the suspended functions of those
rebelling States.
But it is said, such is the policy of the Pres-
ident, and my colleague exhorts ns in vehement
terms to "stand by the President and to uphold
his hand." Why, sir, I desire to say to.my
colleague, and to the President, if he will listen,
that we will stand by him if he will stand by
the United States. I desire to remind my col-
league. and the President, if he will listen, that
we have stood by him because he did stand by
the United States.
Mr. President,when at Baltimore, in 1804, the
representatives of the Union party selected An-
drew Johnson, of Tennessee, to be their candi-
date for Vice President of the United States,
there was no tie in common between them and
him except that both stood committed to the
defense of the supremacy of the United States.
We knew, then, that if elected there would be
one life between him and the command of the
Army and Navy of the Union. We knew that
if by any providence he should succeed to that
command heconldsurrenderbothtothe enemy.
, But we did not believe he would do it. ivo man
: had given more signal evidences of his devo-
1 tion to tho national cause than he. No man
1 believed more implicitly in the sincerity of that
devotion than myself. No man, perhaps, dwelt:
_upon the conclusiveness of those evidences with
more grateful enthusiagm than I did in niy ad-
dresses to my constituents during thecanvassof
that year. I believe still he was loyal then..
I believe still he is loyal now.- . , „
Sir, who says the President demands the im-
mediate restoration of those communities tot the
status of States? Certainly he has not told'as
so. It is certain, also, the ConstitutrongiyeB Mm*
no authority to make such a demand. * It does
give him express authority to !'' recommend'':
to the consideration of Congress such measures'
" as he shall judge necessary and expedient.-"-
But he has not recommended ewen any such
measure as I have been combatting. On the
contrary, it seems to me he has studiously for*-
borne to make any such recommendation.
" And if an angel should have come to me,
And told me Hubert should put out mine eyes,
I would not have believed no tongue but Hubert's."
And let who will come and tell me the P-res-
ident would surrender one of the choicest pre-
rogatives of the national supremacy, and would
surrender the protection of its freedmen, its
heroic soldiers, aud its faithful friends to their
direst enemies, I will believe no tongue but
the President's. Whatever may be thought .of
what he has already done, it should be remem-
bered he has not acted in defiance of congres-
sional direction, but in want of it—a want which
I have often "urged the Senate to attempt to
supply.
Besides, sir, if I knew that the President
differed from the views I have here advanced,
I cannot forget it was Wisconsin that placed
me here and not the President.
I believe that to-day I have given utterance
to the con victionswhich animate the loyal people
of Wisconsin. Iknow I have given utteranceto
my own convictions, deliberately formed and
long cherished. And I trust the President has
too fine an appreciation of the office of repre-
sentative to expect or wish any one to betray the
dictates of his own conscience or his own con-
stituents to echo the views of tho Executive.
Sir, let the day be far distant when the Senate
shall be seriously importuned to surrender its
own convictions of duty to executive dictation.
And if the day shall ever come when the Senate
shall yield to such importunity, then the Ameri-
can system will be destroyed, and the fragments
only will remain to be scrambled for.
But because these people are not yet prepared
to resume their suspended functions, does it
follow that they must be left to the control of
military authority? By no manner of means.
The objections to that are second only to those
I have urged against immediate restoration. I
cannot detain the Senate by a recapitulation of
them.
Upon this point I content myself with citing
the argument presented by the late message of
the President:
" Now, military governments, established for an in-
definite period, would have oifered no security for tho
early suppression of discontent; would have divided
the people into the vanquishers and the vanquished;
and would have envenomed hatred, rather than have
restored affection. Once established, no prcciso limit
to their continuance was conceivable. Aheyt would
have occasioned an incalculable and exhausting ox-
penso. Peaceful emigration to and from that portion
of the country is one of the best means that can be
thought of for the restoration of harmony; and that
emigration would ha\e been prevented; for what
emigrant from abroad, what industrious citizen at
home, wouUS place himself willingly under military
rule? Tho chief persons whowouldbave followed m
the train of the Army would have been dependents
on tho Genoral Government, or men who cxpccted
profit from tho miseries of their erring fellow-citizens.
The powers of patronage and rule which would have
been exercised, under the President, over a vast and
populous and naturally wealthy region, are. greater
than, unless under extreme necessity, I should be
willing to intrust to any one man: they are such as,
for myself, I could never, unless on occasions of great
emergency, consent to exercise. The willful uso of
such powers, if continued through a period of years,
would have endangered the purity of tho general
administration and the liberties of the States which
remained loyal."
To my mind this argument is unanswerable.
But one expedient then is left. That is to or-
ganize provisional governments for each of those
districts. Give them Governors and judges ap-
pointed by the national authority. Give them
