1866.
THE COMG-R'ESSI;0:1STA L OLOIE.
3S5£-
mittee ou Naval Affairs that that will lie sat-
isfactory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this vote is to be
taken as the sense of the Senate, not only on
the question of creating the grade of admiral,
but also on the question of creating the grade
in the Army of general, 1 desire to say a single
word on that subject. On the question of creat-
ing the grade of general, with the expectation
that Lieutenant General Grant will bo appointed
to that grade, 1 confess that my own judgment,
has been in favor of that proposition. My
reason is not that I have any higher regard for
his distinguished services than my honorable
friend from Maine has; but General Grant was
appointed lieutenant general before he took
command of the army of the Potomac, and he
served in the rank and position of lieutenant
general for a year and a half, almost two years.
All the other officers of the Army who through
the last year aud a half of the rebellion dis-
tinguished themselves, have, by some act on
the part of the Government, received proofs of
the approbation of the Government of their
conduct during the last year and a half of the
prosecution of the war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They received only
barren brevets.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend says they
received but barren brevets; but, sir, those
brevets were bestowed in consideration of dis-
tinguished and gallant and meritorious services.
As General Grant held the office of lieutenant
general during the last year andji half of the
rebellion, and performed such distinguished
services as he did, I think it is but a matter of
justice on the part of Congress to show its ap-
probation of his conduct, cither by the ci cation
of the grade of general, or in some other way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House joint resolution
No. 52.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all prior orders
be suspended, in order that we may proceed
with the consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order can be laid aside by unanimous con-
sent, no objection being made.
Mr. HARRIS. If the debate is not to be
continued on this bill I will consent; otherwise
I cannot.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want to debate it.
Mr. HARRIS. I will allow it to go on a
little while.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order will be laid aside informally.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will conclude all I
have to say in "a moment. I do not see that it
is inconsistent with a republican Government
that we should have an admiral at the head of
the Navy, or that we should have a general at
the head of the Army. I think that the gentle-
men to whom reference has been made have,
by their services in a war compared with which
hardly any war of modern times can be men-
tioned, so distinguished themselves that they
deserve the rank and the position which be-
long to them as the head of the Army and
the head of the Navv.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would not wish it to
be understood that, as a member of the com-
mittee, I voted for this bill merely to confer a
title. I thought that the bill brought about a
proper organization of the Navy Department
and of the naval officers ; and upon that prin-
ciple I supported it. I thought that there
ought to be at the head of the Navy an admi-
ral. Of course the attention of the country is
drawn to one distinguished officer of the Navy
to fill that position; but my vote for the bill
in committee was not given simply to confer a
title; and it would not be given to confer a
title upon any man in the world, without refer-
ence to what"I thought was the interest of the
public service. I was a little surprised that
the chairman should withdraw that portion of
the bill, but if he chooses to do it I shall not
object. I thought the bill was well drawn, and
preferred it as it stood.
39tii Cong. 1st Se^s.—No. 198.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not withdrawn it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The criticism made by
the Senator from Maine on the action of the
committee, in that regard, I think, is not sus-
tained by the facts. It is not for the purpose
of conferring rank, but for the purpose of
bringing about a proper organization of the
Navy. Upon that principle I supported it,
and upon that principle I shall vote for the
bill now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator howitalfects the organization of the Navy
except by making new offices? Is not Admiral
Farragut now at the head of the Navy as vice
admiral, and the only one?
Mr. HENDRICKS. We want a vice ad-
miral under him also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. x have not heard it
argued why we want a vice admiral under
him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We want a regular
grade of officers from admiral down, and this
bill brings that about.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a mere matter of
form—a mere matter of name.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the bill is right.
The proposed pay of the admiral certainly is
not large, if we take into consideration the
amount that is paid to Lieutenant General
Grant, whom we propose to make a full gen-
eral. I believe his pay is sixteen or seventeen
thousand dollars a year. This bill proposes
for the head of the Navy but $10,00'>. That
certainly is not veiy much if the othei be at
all right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I have expressed
my willingness to vote for.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Our Navy has very
much increased, and I think the rank is not
too high for the head of what we think is as
great a navy as there is in the world.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee in
section one, line four, to insert the words
"admiral, one."
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment. I shall
vote against it.
Mr. GRIMES. Take them in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, I will call
for them in the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,'line
five, to strike out the word "eleven'' and in-
sert "ten," so as to read, "ten rear admirals."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that that
follows upon the other amendment; and we
shall have to take the vote on both together.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose the Senate
should rejcct the first amendment, would this
amendment stand or have to bo altered?
Mr. GRIMES. No; it would not have to
be altered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
ten. after the word "grades" to strike out the
words "below that of rear admiral and above
that of lieutenant," and in line twelve, after
the word "selection," to insert "from the
grade next below;" so that the clause will
read:
Provided, That the incrcaso in tho (Trades author-
ised by tins act shall bo made by selection from the
grade next below of officers who have rendered the
most efficient and faithful service during the recent
war.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
lines fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen, to strike
out "vacancies in the grade above commodore
on the active and retired lists shall be filled by
selection from the grade next below, and so
that the clause will read :
And provided further, That the number of rear-ad-
mirals, including all on tho active and retired lists,
shall not exceed twenty-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section, after "exceed twenty-
one," the following words:
Hxclusiyc of rear admirals retired after the passage
of this act, and of oflieeis now on the retired list of _
commodores, who have commanded squadrons by
order of the Secretary of the Navy, and'who may be
promoted to the grade of roar admiral on the retired-
list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following
words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That after the in-
crease authorized by this act., vacancies occurring in
tho prades of commissioned lino officers of the Navy
below that of rear admiral, and of lino officers of tho
Marine corps below that of the colonel commandant,
shall be filled by selection and by promotion accord-
ins to the rule of seniority, alternately, that is to say,
if tho vacancy first occurring in any such grade bo
filled by selection, the next vacancy in tho same grade
shall be filled by seniority, and so on in alternation:
I'ruvtdei!, That 110 such vacancy shall be filled by tho
selection of any officer having more than one third
of the officers of tho grade Irani which the promotion
is to be made senior to him m ranker position on tho
ltecister: And provided Jurthcr, That such selection
shall be made from oiueerrf possessing the highest
character, professional qualifications and attain-
ments, including a knowledge of steam enginery, of
the i'rencii and Spanish languages, and international
law, and havino: a clear record at the Department of
honorable service; and tho Secretary of the Navy,
in ease of doubt, or if he deem it necessary, shall con-
vene a- board of officers to assist him by their advice
in makint; such selections, and no promotions made
by authority of this act shall be considered as pre-
cluding the advancement in rank now authorized by
law for distinguished conduct in battle or extraordi-
nary heroism.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line three, to strike out "twenty" before
" lieutenants" and insert " ten to strike out
"fifty"' before "masters" and insert" twenty;"
and in lino four to strike out "seventy-five"
before "ensigns" and insert "forty;" so that
the clause will read:
That of the number of line officers of the Navy on tho
active list, live lieutenant commanders, ten lieuten-
ants, twenty masters, and forty ensigns may be ap-
pointed irom those officers who have served in tho
volunteer naval service for a period of not less than
two years, and who are either now in that service or
have been honorably discharged therefrom.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line six, after the word "navy" to strike out
" as ;" in line seven, after the word " ability,"
to insert " professional competency;" in line
eight, after "service" to strike out "twice;"
after "to be," at the end of the eighth line, to
insert " appointed and ;" and after the word
"act" in line ten, to strike out "from whom
he shall select the persons to be appointed to
each of those grades;" so that as amended the
section will read:
That tho Secretary of tho Navy shall appoint a
board consisting of not 1 CVS than three naval ofiicers
superior in rank to the officers to be thus appointed
in tho regular Navy from the volunteer service, which
board, after examination of tho claims of all candi-
dates, j-liall select and leport to tho Secretary of the
Navy fhe most montoiious m character, ability, pro-
fessional competency, and honorable service, the
number to be appointed and tmnsferred to tlio sev-
eral grades mentioned in the third section of this act
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert an addi-
tional section to come in as section six:
Rue. G. And, be it further enacted, That lieutenant
commanders may bo assigned to duty as navigation
and wutcli officers on board of vessels-of-war as well
as first lieutenants of naval stations and of ships-of-
war.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as a new section:
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted,t That the annual
corrwoiij'ation of the Adroirit.i of ttne Navy shall bo
*10,000 si vc.ru\ and heslrdi ho entitled to the services
of a secivtai y, wlx> sh-ill rccoivc the annual aoh pay
of a lieutenant in the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the hill by
inserting as a new section, at the close the lox-
lowing:
A.nd be it further enacted, That naval constractera
and flrist and second a^i^tant engineers in tho Navy
shall be appointed by tho President and confirmed
by the Senate, and shall have naval rank and pay as
olhcers of tho Navy.
As the law now stands, first and second as-
