1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4113
sider the vote by which the House insisted upon
its amendments; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint r&so-
lutions of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (8. No. 149) for the relief of Daniel
Win slow;
An act (S. No. 164) for the relief of Alois
Klaus;
An act (S. No. 285) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad, and
its extension to Red river;
An act (S. No. 297) for the relief of the
owners of the British vessel Magicienne;
An act (S. No. 352) granting to A. Sutro the
right of way and granting other privileges to
aid in the construction of a draining and ex-
ploring tunnel to the Comstock lode, in the
State of Nevada;
An act (S. No. 361) to authorize TV. J. Sib-
ley and others, trustees, to sell and convey lot
No. 9, in square No. 76, in the city of Wash-
ington ;
An act (S. No. 374) for the relief of James
P. Johnson;
An act (S. No. 382) to change the place
of holding court in the northern district of
Georgia;
An act (S. No. 385) for the relief of Thomas
W. Stevens;
An act (S. No. 414) to regulate the times
and manner of holding elections for Senators
in Congress;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 39) to refer the
claim of the administrator of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, to the Court of Claims;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 79) to authorize
the purchase for the Library of Congress of
the law library of James L. Pett.igru, of South
Carolina; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) providing
for the appointment of a commissioner to ex-
amine and report upon certain claims of the
State of Iowa.
california volunteers.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution
for consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested
to inform tho House why the California volunteers
in the United States service during the late rebellion,
stationed and doing service m the Territories of Ari-
zona,New Mexico, andUtah, weremustered out and
discharged from service in said Territories, and what,
if any, transportation was furnished to each of said
soldiers to enable him to return to his homo in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. ANCONA. I think the Committee on
Military Affairs already has all the information
required on that subject.
Mr. HIGBY. It will do no harm to have
this information. I think the resolution had
better be passed.
Mr. ANCONA. I will not object.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. DAVIS asked and obtained leave of
absence for himself for the remainder of the
session, after to-morrow night.
Mr. ITOGAN asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Noell, for the
remainder of the session.
Mr. BAKER asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Thornton, for
the remainder of the session.
suffrage in the district 0! columbia.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Whereas the Committee for the District of Colum-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 258.
bia of this House was instructed, on the 29th day of
January, I860, as follows, to wit: "Resolved, That the
Committee on the District of Columbia be instructed
to report an amendment to the election laws of the
District of Columbia, excluding from tho privilege of
suffrage within said District all persons who have
voluntarily borne arms against the United States, or
accepted office from the rebels during the late rebel-
lion. And whereas thesaid committee have omitted
or neglected to affirmatively respond to tho impera-
tive instructions of this House: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be, and they arc heroby, again instructed
to report to this House without delay, as instructed
by said resolution.
Mr. ELDMDGE. I object.
navigation of newark cay, etc.
Mr. WRIGrKT. I ask unanimous conscnt
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to appoint a suitable officer, whoso duty it
shall be to proceed to Newark, ia the State of New
Jersey, and examine into the condition of the na vi-
gation of Newark bay and the navigation of the
mouths of tho Passaic and Ilackensack rivers, and
whether tho same needs improvement, and report
the result of such examination to this House on the
first Monday in December next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
And then, on motion of Air. ALLISON, (at
ten o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented under
tho rule and reterred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. N1BLA0K : The memorial of John Hicks,
late a private in company D, fifty-eighth regiment
Indiana volunteers, praying a pension.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts : The petitions of
T. H. Peale,and 2S others, and James A.llardio, and
8 others, for a public park for tho cities of Georgetown
and Washington.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 25, 1806.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, and by unan-
imous consent, tho reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
message from tiie house.
message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiehsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments to the joint resolution (H. 11.
No. 101) for the relief of certain officers of the
Army.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had receded from
its amendment to tho joint resolution (S. K.
No. 121) providing for tho examination of the
accounts of tho (State of Massachusetts for
money expended during the war for coast
defense.
The message also announced that tho House
of Representatives insisted upon its amendment
to the bill (S. No. 179) in relation to the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the States
of California and Louisiana.
The message further announced that (lie
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of tho Senate :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That Congress
accepts the portrait of Abraham Lincoln, presented
by SignorSalviati, of the city of Venice, with thanks
to the donor, and that the portrait be placed for safe
custody in the Library of Congress.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 149) for the relief of Daniel
Winslow;
A bill (S. No. 164) for the relief of Alois
Klaus;
A bill (S. No. 285) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad and
its extension to Red river;
A bill (S. No. 297) for tho relief of the own-
ers of the British vessel Magicienne;
A bill (S. No. 352) granting to A. Sutro the
right of way and granting other privileges to
aid in the construction of a draining and ex-
ploring tunnel to the Comstock lode, in the
btate of Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 361) to authorize W. J. Sib-
ley and others, trustees, to sell and convey lot
No. 9, in square No. 76, in the city of Wash-
ington ;
A bill (S. No. 374) for the relief of James
P. Johnson;„
A bill (S. No. 382) to change the place
of holding court in the northern district of
Georgia;
A bill (S. No. 885) for the relief of Thomas
W. Stevens;
A bill (S. No. 414) to regulate the times and
manner of holding elections for Senators in
Congress;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 39) to refer
the claim of the administrator of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, to the Court of Claims ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) to author-
ize the purchase for the Library of Congress
of the law library of James L. Pettigru, of
South Carolina; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) providing
for the appointment of a eommission to ex-
amine and report upon certain claims of the
State of Iowa.
senate contingent fund.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of tho Secretary of the
Senate, communicating, in obedience to law,
a detailed statement of tho payments from the
contingent fund of the Senate for the year
ending December 3, 1865; which was referred
to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
senator ekoji kansas.
Mr. POMEROY presented the credentials
of Hon. Edmund G. Ross, appointed a Sena-
tor by the Governor of the State of Kansas, to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Hon. James II. Lane, until the next meeting
of the Legislature of that State.
The credentials wore read, the oaths pro-
scribed by law were administered by the Presi-
dent^j'O tempore to Mr. Ross, and he took his
seat ia the Senate.
senator j?k0m tennessee.
Mr. SHERMAN presented th# credentials
of Hon. Joseph S. Fowler, chosen a Senator
by tho Legislature of the State of Tennessee,
for the term of six years commencing on the
4th day of March, 1865.
The credentials were read, the oaths pre-
scribed by law were administered to Mr. Fow-
ler, and he took his seat in the Senate.
agricultural report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
the Agricultural Report, have instrueted$me.
to report it back with an amendment, and I
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate ten thousand extra copies of the Report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture for tho year 186-3, with
the accompanying documents.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was, in lino two, to strike out "ten" and
insert "seventeen," and at the end of the
resolution to add, "and three thousand extra
copies of the same for the use of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture;" so that the resolution
will read:
Resolved, That tlicro bo printed for the use of the
Senate seventeen thousand extra copies of the Bo-
port of tho Commissioner of Agriculture for the
year 1805, with the accompanying documents, ana
throe thousand extra copies of the same for tho use
of the Department of Agriculture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
final adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to call up the
resolution from the House of Representatives,
now upon the table, fixing the day of adjourn-
