3154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
sistant engineers are merely appointed officers
and hold no commission from the President
of the United States. This is to grant com-
missions to those officers and to give naval
rank and position to the naval construeters
who are now officers of a sort of amphibious
character, partly civil and partly military, land
and water.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to move an
amendment to the first section of the bill. It
is to insert aft'cr the word "selection" in line
twelve the words "of officers;" and after the
word "below" in the same line to insert the
word "or;" and then after the word "officers"
in the thirteenth line to insert "who have acted
in the same or a higher grade by order of the
Secretary of the Navy and," so as to make the
clause read:
Provided. That the increase in the grades author-
ized by this act shall be made by selection of officers
from the grade next below, or of officers who have
actod in tho same or a higher grade by order of the
Secretary of the Navy, and who have rendered tho
most eflieiont and faithful service during the recent
war.
I hope this amendment will have the assent
of the committee, and if I can get their atten-
tion for a moment I think I can make it under-
stood. The committee's bill authorizes officers
to be promoted by selection from one grade to
another on account of meritorious services dur-
ing the war; they do not go up by regular gra-
dation. If or instance, tho commodores are
eligible to the position of rear admiral; in or-
der to bo a rear admiral a person must be a
commodore; but tho Secretary selects among
the commodores. They do not go up accord-
ing to their seniority, lie may take a junior
commodore and put him over a senior.
Tho amendment, 1 propose is that where
during the war any officer has boon assigned
to duty iu a particular rank by order of the
Secretary of the Navy, and has performed
meritorious duty there, signal service, which
entitles liiin l.o promotion, he shall be eligible
to promotion as if ho actually filled that grade.
That is the whole effect of it. 1 do not know
how many officers it will cover, but it will cover
some.
Mr. GRIMES. One.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are more than
that, I presume. When I spoke to tho chair-
man of the committee about this matter tho
other day, I understood him to say that it,
would cover a good many.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been examining it,
and I find that it will only cover one.
Mr. THUMB (ILL. I do not know how many
it will cover ; but if it covers but one, tho prin-
ciple is important. It should be decided upon
principle, and not upon the mere question
whether it covers one officer or ten.
Tho principle of the bill is that officers of
high grades are to bo selected from the grade
next below, who have rendered the most effi-
cient anil faithful service during the recent war.
Now, if in the grade of captain there was no
captain whom the Secretaxy of the Navy and
the President wore willing to trust to perform
the duties of a captain, and it became neces-
sary to call a lieutenant, Lieutenant Worden,
if you please, or anybody else, to discharge the
duties of captain, and ho discharged those du-
ties during the war, and while he was acting in-
the position of captain he rendered the most
efficient and faithful service to the Government
during tho war, I ask if he ought not to bo
eligible to promotion just the same as if he had
been a captain regularly. Yon propose by this
bill to make the test of promotion efficient and
faithful service during the war in a particular
grade. Now, if a man acts in that grade by
command of the Secretary of the Navy, and
renders the service, ought he not to be eligible
to promotion just the same as if ho had belonged
to that grade? If not, you ought to strike out
tliis provision in the bill which allows selections
at all. Either_let them go up by regular pro-
motion, or else, where a man has performed
service in the grade, make liim eligible to pro-
motion. Whether anybody would be promoted
under my amendment, whether a single indi-
vidual would be promoted under it, is not, in
my judgment, the question. I think, as a prin-
ciple, it ought to be open to promotion of the
person who has performed the service in that
grade by command of the Secretary of the
Navy; not an accidental service that has been
thrown upon him, but where he has been se-
lected and detailed for the service in the grade,
and has done it faithfully and efficiently during
the war. I ask upon what principle you will
now promote a captain whom yon would not
trust during the war, and will not allow a per-
son to be eligible to promotion whom you as-
signed to perform that very captain's duty. I
hope the committee will agree to the proposi-
tion ; it seems to me eminently a just principle.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to argue this
question, because I am acting here upon the
suffcrance of the Senator from New York, I
believe, and I do not want to trespass upon his
time. I am sorry to say to the Senator from
Illinois that, for one, I cannot consent to his
amendment. The principle which headvocates
may be a very good one, but why does he not
extend it to all the grades ? Why does he con-
fine it to this particular grade so as to include
one man whom he desires to make a rear admi-
ral '? If there be value in his principle—and I
think that it is substantially right—why not
carry it further?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tho Senator from Iowa
does not understand me. I do not wish to
interfere with tho general principle of the bill.
That would throw it open to promote entirely
without regard to grades at all for efficient ser-
vices. That would be a very vital change in
the bill. I restricted the amendment so that
it should bo confined still to those who acted
in tho grade. I thought it was loss a departure
from tho principle of the bill. In my judg-
ment, the proper principle wonld be to pro-
mote for merit, it' we could have it rightly
done ; but still I do not wish to make such a
radical proposition at present.
Mr. GRIMES. In that opinion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois 1 entirely concur; and if it
were possible to do so I would gladly accept
of any proposition by which every olficer in the
public service should be promoted by merit and
not by mere seniority; but we have got to take
the condition of things as wo find it, and such
a proposition as that would overturn and de-
stroy the Navy. For one I cannot consent to
agree that there shall be an exception made in
behalf'of one particular person, but I am will-
ing that the vote shall bo taken without any
further remark.
Tho question being put on the amendment,
there were, on a division—ayes 10, noes 11; no
quorum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for tho yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness. Cow-
an, l)avis, Doolitlle, Howard. Morrill, Riddle, Sauls-
miry, Trumbull, W.lcle, and Williams—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Bneknlcw, Cra;j:in, Fessonden. Fos-
ter, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, llowe, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana.Morgan, Norton, Pomeroy
luimsey, Sherman, Van Winkle, and Wilson—IS.
ABShNT Messrs. Brown, Clark, Croswell, Dixon,
hdmunrts, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
MeDou„-an, Ne^iflith.Nye, Poland, Sprague, Stewart]
buiuncr, VVilley, \\ right, and Yatos—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is Oil concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, and unless
some Senator desires a separate vote, the ques-
tion will be taken on all the amendments col-
lectively.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to have a sep-
arate vote on the first amendment, and also
on the amendment inserting the seventh sec-
tion which is connected with it.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments not
excepted.
The amendments were concurred in.
The Secretary read the first excepted amend-
ment, which was to insert the words "admiral,
one," in line four, so as to read, "the number
allowed in each grade of line officers 011 the
active list of the Navy shall be one admiral,
one vice admiral," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon that amendment
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. As several Senators have
inquired of me the effect, of this amendment,
I will say that those who desire to make an
admiral, a full admiral, who is intended, of
course, under the law, if it passes, to be Admiral
Farragut, will vote "yea," and those who are
opposed to creating any such grade will vote
"nay."
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to inquire whether
the adoption of this amendment will not make
not only an admiral but another vice admiral.
Mr. GRIMES. We have the grade of vice
admiral now, and of course it will have to be
filled by somebody else. This simply creates
the new grade of admiral, and that admiral
must be selected from the grade below, which
is vice admiral. Therefore those who desire
to make Vice Admiral Farragut a full admiral
will vote " yea."
Mr. FESSENDEN. And somebody else a
vice admiral.
Air. GRIMES. Of course.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cragin, Doo-
little, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, ilowe, Kirkwood,
Lane of Indiana., Morgan, Norton, Kainsey, Stewart,
Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—18.
NA YS—Messrs.Conness, Cowan, Davis,Pessenden,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Morrill, Poiueroy, Kid-
die, and Saulftbury—11.
ABSKNX—Messrs. Brpwn, Buckalew, Clark, Cies-
well, Dixon, Edmunds, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of
Kansas, McDougall, N esmith, Nye, Poland, Sherman,
Sprague, Sunnier, Van Winkle, Willey, Wright, and
Y ates—^0.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The other excepted amendment was to in-
sert the following as section seven :
Sue. 7. -t/i'/ be it further enacted, That tho annual
compensation of tho Admiral of tho Navy shall be
$10,000 a. year, and lie shall be entitled to tho services
of a secretary, who snail receive the annual sea pay
of a lieutenant in the Navy.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. On the motion of Mr. Grimes, its
title was amended by the addition of the words
" and for other purposes."
1UJ2SS.YGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from tho House o£ Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPirEP.sox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed,
without amendment, the bill (S. No. 350) to
authorize the Commissioner of Patents to pay
those_ employed as' examiners and assistant
examiners the salary fixed by law for the duties
performed by them.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had non-concurred
in the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 402) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works heretofore commenced
under the authority of law, aud for other pur-
poses, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and Sad ap-
pointed Mr. Tiiomas D. Eliot of Massachu-
setts, Mr. Juiin w. Loxuyear of Michigan,
and Mr. James M. Himpjikey of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments to tho bill {H. R. No. 80) for the dis-
posal of the public lands for homestead actuai
settlement iu the States of Alabama. Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 120) to extend to the
counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, of West
