2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
held by yirtueof any title of possession or other kind,
valid at tho time of the selection and location ot the
said tracts.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The committee intended
to have that proviso in the substitute reported
by them, and how it eame to be omitted I do
not know.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know whether
that proviso would cover the case fully. The
word "title" in that proviso means that no
title in fee-simple, such as is proposed to be
conveyed by this bill, shall be conveyed to the
possessions of other settlers; but it is a ques-
tion whether under that proviso and by the
bill this company would not get an equal right
with those possessors to go upon the land;
whether they would not get some right that
would enable them to disturb those possessors.
If the Congress of the United States shall see fit
to give to any company, for the purpose of en-
couraging the production of iron or any other
industry in our Territories, a certain amount
of tho public lands which will be deemed not
extravagant, I have no objection. I think the
purpose is a good one and would promote the
weliare of those communities. But this pro-
viso, it appears to me, is not sufficiently clear
and precise to protect tho possessors of land
among this population against the provision
contained in the bill. 1 would prefer, if the
friends of this measure would not object to it,
to have tho bill laid over at present so as to
have an opportunity to look it over.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If gentlemen look at
section four, they will see, I think, that this
matter is provided for:
That thesaid patents shall convoy no titlo to any
mineral lands except iron and coal, or to any lands
hold by rifsht, of possession, or by any other title,
except Indian title.
Mr. GRIMES. I would call tho attention
of my colleague and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Tndian Affairs especially to that
clause. It reads as follows:
Ami In- it furthercniu-tnl. That thesaid patents shall
convey no titlo (o any mineral lands except iron and
coal, or to any lands held by ritfhtof possession, or by
any other title, except Indian titlo, valid at tho time
ot' tile selection of tho said lands.
Is it intended here that this company shall
take tin; Indian title out from under them?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Not reservations.
Mr_ GRIMES. Hut any Indian title? Is it
designed to confer on this corporation existing
in the State of Nrcw York, not authorized by
tho Territorial Assembly of the Territory of
Montana, to go out into Montana and take
nearly half a section of land right out of the
Indian Territory—land of Indians with whom
we have treaty stipulations to preserve them
in the possession of?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Only such as can be
entered, such as 1 would have the right to go
upon or my colleague would have the right to
go upon.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is that limitation?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That I apprehend is tho
limitation of the bill as it stands.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand it, so.
I do not lind any limitation hero. I find that
according to the legitimate construction of this
clause this company can take any lands except
such as may be held by some adverse posses-
sion or right, other than that held by an Indian
title. That thoy can take.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
that this fourth section gives no protection to
the possessors at all, as 1 understand it. The
language is:
That the said patents shall convey no titlo to any
mineral lands except, iron and coal, or to any lands
held by right of possession, or by any other title, ex-
cept Indian title, valid at tho time of the selcctftn of
the said lands.
The possessors have no "valid title."
Mr. KJRKWOOD. A title that no one else
can interfere with.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not a "valid" title.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. It is valid against every-
body else.
Mr. CONNESS. Tf you will make it valid
against the parties whom this bill is intended
to serve, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That was the intention
of the committee. If they have not done so,
any amendment which will secure that object,
of course, will be coincided in.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the bill will be laid
over at present.
Mr. WADE. I think this bill is very well
guarded so as to prevent this company from
taking lands to which any other person what-
ever can make claim. When a person can
acquire no title whatever, I do not really see
what title he can get. If a man is on there by
a preemptive title, by any possessory title, snch
a title is a title by which ho can defend himself
at law, of course, against any other person no.t
having abetter title. It is true that, the title
is not perfect; it is not a fee-simple; lie has
not acquired that yet; but if he is in possession
he has a right against everybody else but tho
owner or one who can show a better title.
I introduced this bill, and I have no kind of
objection to its being made as strong and secure
in that particular as it possibly can be. The
only object of tho bill is to anticipate the sur-
veys in that Territory. If this land had been
surveyed and offered for sale it would be sub-
ject to entry like the other lands we have. All
this company want is to anticipate that, because
the couutry has not been surveyed; otherwise
they might enter there and take possession of
as much land as they could pay for at the Gov-
ernment price; but the survey is not made, the
land is not in market in this remote region.
People are going in there in great numbers,
and there is no commodity more valuable to
them than iron. There is none more difficult
to obtain on account of the distance thoy have
to transport it to get there; and this company
believe that if they could get the right to go in
there and to make iron it would be profitable
to them and greatly beneficial to the people of
tlie Territory. J flunk it would. I know some
of these parties, and 1 know that, the company
were about to commence operations there with-
out any particular title, only such as they would
acquire by possessory right; but the principal
man, My. Ward, of Michigan, who is one of tlie
greatest, iron manufacturers, T believe, in the
country, said at once he would take no inter-
est in such an enterprise unless they could be
assured of timber, as they would have to work
their iron bv coal. When they found a loca-
tion whoie iron could be easily got, men around
them would at uncc take possession of the tim-
ber in the neighborhood, and would have it in
their power to defeat them, in a great measure,
or put them to such inconvenience and expense
to get the timber for coal as to defeat the object.
Therefore thoy had no other way to do but to
ask Congress, in anticipation of the surveys, to
give them the right to purchase lands sufficient
for that purpose ; and that is all that they want;
it is all that the company desire to have.
Tho Committee on Public Lands have had
this bill under consideration and they have
amended it and put it under every restriction
that they could think of, and they have put
them under no restriction, I believe, that they
considered" disadvantageous to them, their hon-
est purpose being not to acquire title to land
except in order to carry on this iron business;
and when that is preserved I do not care what
restrictions you put upon them to hold them
to that purpose, as I think tho bill does in
every particular. If. however, Senators believe
there, is any chance for them to get possession
in this way of lands to which others have a
right or title, if that is not sufficiently secured,
I shall not object to any amendment oil that
point that may be suggested.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order, which
is House bill No. 11, to facilitate commercial,
postal, and military communication amongthe
several States.
Mr. WADE. I would ask the Senate, if they
are willing to go on with this bill, to do so, for
I know it is a bill of the utmost importance;
if this right is to be granted, it should be done
at once.
Mr. POMBROY. If the special order is
laid aside informally for five minutes, I think
we can complete this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order is House bill No 11. It is suggested
that that bill be laid aside. It can only be
done by common consent, except on motion.
Mr. NYE. I move that that be laid aside
for the purpose of taking up the business as-
signed for this hour, the iron-clad question.
["Oh, no."]
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to suggest to tire
Senator from Ohio, who introduced this bill,
that another objection occurs to my mind
which, if I had time to state it, would, I think,
make it necessary to lay it aside for further
consideration. I do not wish to occupy the
time of tho Senate by stating it now, and I
hope he will let it go over.
Mr. WADE. Very well, let it go over; hut
I give notice that I shall attempt to take it up
to-morrow morning, if I can, and try to put it
through.
intek-state intercourse.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order is House bill No. 11, to facilitate
commercial, postal, and military communica-
tion amongthe several States, which is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
will be read.
The Secretary read the bill. Its preamble re-
cites that the Constitution of the United States
confers upon Congress, in express terms, the
power to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States, to establish post roads, and to raise
and support armies; and it is therefore pro-
posed to authorize every railroad company in
the United States, whose road is operated by
steam, its successorsand assigns, to carry upon
and over its road, connections, boats, bridges,
and ferries, all passengers, troops, Govern-
ment supplies, mails, freight, and property on
their way from any State to another State, and
to receive compensation therefor, and to con-
nect with roads of other States so as to form
continuous lines for the transportation of the
same to tho place of destination. The act is
not, however, to affect any stipulation between
the Government of the United States and any
railroad company for transportation or fares
without compensation, nor impair or change
the conditions imposed by the terms of any act
granting lands to any such company to aid in
the construction of its road.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I was not
aware that this hill had been reported from
the Committee on Commerce to the Senate. I
believe there is another bill of a similar char-
acter which has been before the committee,
and which originated in the Senate. At this
moment I am not sure that I quite understand
the distinction between the two hills. I think
they are nearly similar, hut I am not quite
cortain. It was my purpose on a former occa-
sion to address the Senate upon this subject;
but I find myself here at the present moment
without any expectation of this bill being pre-
sented to the Senate to-day, and I am not in a
condition to make,any extended remarks. The
bill is of a character which I think should
challenge the attention of the Senate. It was
passed in the other House, if I am permitted
to aMude to so muchof the proceedings of that
House as I gather from the debates, without
much consideration, either at this or at the
former session of Congress; and if I could
bring myself to the conviction that it was not
a bill fraught with the most dangerous conse-
quences, I should be content togive a silent vote
upon it. But, sir, it is a bill of most marked
impression. It is a bill which strikes down
deep to the very foundations of the Govern-
ment. It is a bill that will be remarkable for
all time in the legislation of this country if it
pass. _ It is a bill that at once arrests the
attention of whoever reads it as one which
runs the line between the powers of this Gov-
ernment which are known, delegated, and ex-
pressed, and those which are doubtful, lati-
tndinarian. and never to be entered upon except
with caution.
