1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
It proposes, sir, in a word, to talce by the
power of the General Government the direc-
tion of the internal railway system ot the Uni-
ted States. This is the proposition. I know
it may be said that it only proposes to regulate
it. To regulate is to control; to control is
to direct; ami under whatever branch you
seek to exercise this authority, whether by the
commercial power or by the power to regulate
the postal serviec, or by that to raise and sup-
port armies and navies, it is the same thing;
it, is substantially to assert the power by the
General Government to reach out its hand
and lay its strong arm on the great American
railway system. That is what it is, and I stand
here to invite the attention of the Senate to so
extraordinary a proposition as that. [ ask
Senators what is the exigency which justifies
or demands it, and I ask Senators to point rae
to that provision of the Constitution which
justifies it and authorizes it in clear, explicit,
and intelligible phrase, not by doubtful inter-
pretation.
First, sir, as to the exigency which justifies
it or demands it; has anybody told you of any?
What is the American railway system? Is it
the creation of the Government of the United
States in any respect whatever? Not a bit of
it. It has grown up spontaneously out of the
energy and the industry of the people exercis-
ing their functions in their primary and in their
municipal capacities, the Government of the
United States all the while standing afar off,
doing nothing and proposing nothing.
I heard it said on a former occasion that the
exigency grew out of the fact, that one of the
States of this Union had usurped authority,
usurped power, and created an unjust monop-
oly, and that this measure was necessary to
remedy that. Why, sir, is the Senate of the
United States the place for the correction of
such grievances? Arc not the courts of the
United States open? If the State of New
Jersey, to which reference is made, and whose
legislation is here arraigned, has been guilty of
granting an unconstitutional monopoly, is this
the place, is this the forum, to correct it? By
no means. The courts are open, and any party
aggrieved, any interest offended, has a remedy
in the courts ; and that should be a sufficient
answer to that part of the argument.
It is said, moreover, that it exists as a griev-
ance, it is a monopoly, and that the action of
Now Jersey is in restraint of the commerce of
the country, of the free intercourse of the peo-
ple of the country. Now, Mr. President, a
little brief history, a little reference to events,
puts to flight all argument of that kind at onee.
What, is the fact? Go back to 18H0, and you
find the whole intercourse between the cities of
New York and Philadelphia, by travel, carried
on in ordinary stage-coaches. Perhaps as often
as once a day it was practicable to pass between
those cities in that way. The transportation of
the country was carried on in ordinary lumber
or baggage wagons. That was so only as far
back as 1832 ; nay, later, in 1838 you find that
state of things existing. To.-day you may pass
and repass between those two cities twenty times
each day, and trains for transportation of all
kinds pass nearly as often. Now, remember
the charge is that the legislation, the action
of New Jersey is in restraint of trade, travel,
intercourse, transportation. Well, sir, New
Jersey, by her own policy, and by the efforts
of her own citizens, has done all to which I
have alluded. They have given this increased
facility; they have done it all alone ; the Gen-
eral Government nothing, as it was not proper
that she should do anything. A single fact of
this kind is sufficient, 1 submit, to put to flight
this argument that the legislation of New Jersey
is in restraint of travel, trade, intercourse, is a
restriction upon the commerce of the country.
But, Mr. President, I care to do no more
than to advert, to these facts, because they
touch but very little upon the case any way. I
object to this bill on the ground'of its compre-
hension and scope. What it may do for New
Jersey, or what it may not do, is of very little
concern with me. 1 know but, few of the peo-
ple of New Jersey; I know nothing of the cir-
cumstances of this case other than 1 have heard
them detailed upon this floor. My objection
lies to the bill because it is so broad and com-
prehensive, because while it is said that it is
aimed at a monopoly in New Jersey, it is broad
enough to cover the whole American railway
system. In the last thirty years this Ameri-
can system has grown from the smallest begin-
nings to be the grandest system of intercom-
munication the world has ever seen. To-day
not less than thirty thousand miles of railway
communication exist in the several States, the
product of the energy, the industry, and the
capital of those States.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills of the Semite without amend-
ment :
A bill (S. No. 158) to facilitate the settle-
ment. of accounts of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and to seeurc certain moneys to the
United States, or to the persons to whom they
are due, and who are entitled to receive the
same; and
A hill (S. No. 255) to remit and refund cer-
tain duties. -
international ooean tulugrapii.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill (S. No.
26) to encourage telegraphic communication
between the United States and the island of
Cuba and other West India islands and the
Bahamas, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the permission of
the Senator from Maine, I desire to ask the
Senate to concur at once in the amendments
made by the House of Representatives to Sen-
ate bill No. 20.
Several Sexators. What are they?
Mr. CHANDLER. One fixes the rate of
telegraphic messages.
No objection being made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments, and they
were read. The first amendment was in sec-
tion two, line three, to strike out the words
" during a state of war;" so as to make the
section read :
That the said International Oeean Tolegraph Com-
pany shall at all times give, the United States the
fiec u«e of said cable oreables, through a telegraphic
operator of us own selection, to transmit a,ny mes-
sages to and from its military, naval, and diplomatic
or consular agents.
The next, amendment was after the word
"agents," in the same section, to insert these
words:
And the said company shall keep all its lines open
to the public for the transmission, for daily publica-
tion, of market and commercial reports and intelli-
gence; and all messages, dispatches, and communi-
cations shall be forwarded in the order in which they
shall be received; and the said company shall not be
permitted to charge and collect for messages trans-
mitted through any of its submarine, cablcs more than
the rate of S3 50 for messages of ten words.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a very important
bill, and the amendments present a question
which I should like to look into. We had it
under discussion for some time in the Senate,
and now one of these amendments fixes the
rate for telegraphic messages at $3 GO for ten
words.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not to exceed that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, i.s to be the rale for
messages between Floiida and Cuba, one hun-
dred miles. The whole system of telegraphing
in the United States will undoubtedly, within
the next two or three years, undergo an entire
revision and revolution. I suggest whether
this bill had better not be laid over until the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexdes,] who
took a great deal of interest in it at the time
of the former discussion, and with whom I
conversed about it after the passage of the bill
by the Senate, can be present. I move, there-
fore, that the bill and amendments lie on the
table for the present.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio is not a debatable
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. GRIMES. I was only going to suggest
tothe Senator from Ohio that it seems to me
this is a very opportune time to consider this
matter. Wo have now under consideration the
bill pressed by the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce to relieve the country from one
monopoly; and this is to establish another still
more odious.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will turn that question
over to the Senator from Maine, rMr. Mor-
rill.]
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from
Ohio desires that this question shall go over, I
have nothing to say against that.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to look into
it and sec what it means.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it go over. I sup-
posed there would be no objection to tho
amendments of the other House, and there-
fore I asked for the consideration of the bill at
this time.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore The bill
and amendments will be laid over by common
conscnt.
inter-state intercourse.
The consideration of tho bill (H. R. No. 11)
to facilitate commercial, postal, and military
communication among the several States was
resumed.
Mr. MORRILL. It is not my purpose, Mr.
President to make a formal speech at this timo
upon this bill. When interrupted I was advert-
ing to the fact that the system of railways in
this country, upon which now the Government
purposes to lay its hands, is the product of the
industry and energies of the people of this
country unaided by their Government, acting
in their primary relations, and acting upon the
exercise of those reserved rights which consti-
tuted the strength of this Government in the
past and will continue to constitute that strength
in the future if they are left unimpaired. It is
because the Government undertakes to lay its
hand upon this industry, peculiar to the people,
and in which the Government has not partici-
pated, and it is because the Government steps
far over, I think, the line which guards and
which should be held to guard those rights
which have been delegated and those which
have been reserved to the people, that I feel
any solicitude at all upon this question.
I was remaiking, sir, as to the character of
this system. The grandest system of inter-
communication any country in any time ever
saw, springing up out of the brain of tho peo-
ple thirty years back, now spans the continent,
sends out great arteries from every Atlantic
commercial city on your coast to the far inte-
rior, and these in turn branching in all direc-
tion over the States, have made the intercom-
munication of the people easy, cheap, familiar,
and have brought to tho door of almost every
farmer in the land the best markets the coun-
try affords. This has all been done upon that
voluntary principle which the American peo-
ple know so well by their guidance and by
their direction; and who stands here to com-
plain of it? Who stands here to arraign this
American system, to say that it has not on the
whole served the grandest purposes that any
instrumentality ever served any people? The
most that can bo said of it is that in the State
of New Jersey it- is suggested that a monopoly
has been granted, which, I believe, to say the
worst of it, expires in 1868 or 186!).
Now, sir, what have the American people
invested in this enterprise? I have shown you
its operation, its workings, beneficent beyond
measure, stretching from Maine to New Orleans
and the far West, and offering cheap,
expeditious, safe intercommunication with all
the people; and it is in their hands. Let us
consider for a moment what has been the ex-
pense of this. What, have this people expended ?
Over three thousand million dollars have been
invested out of the earnings and out of the pock-
