1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4115
almost universal apprehension, as I learn from
a great number of correspondents that I have,
that there is danger to the country if Congress
abandons its post and leaves now. I do not
say there is anything in this; but I say I can-
not conceal from myself the fact that, from the
great number of letters I receive from intelli-
gent sources all over the country, there_ is a
universal apprehension that something is to
take place detrimental to the country when-
ever we leave our posts, for which reason my
counsel is not to leave our posts at all; but if
the Senate will adjourn, let us postpone it to such
a time that we can get through with the most
important business on hand. I want sufficient
time to get through with all the business that
I am charged with. It is but a little} but I
deem it as important as anything else. The
financial business is nearly brought to a close,
we are told. That is important, and the most
important perhaps of any business ; but it is
not all the business of the Senate„and other
committees ought to be consulted about the
business that belongs to them, and which is of
interest, as well as the Finance Committee.
We have been at work on their business for a
long time to the exclusion of almost everything
else: and because they are almost through
I do not think that is a reason why we should
abandon everything else. Ihope, atall events,
that we shall not fix a day short of Monday
next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
striking out "the 27th" and inserting "the
80th."
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. WADE called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted — yeas 15, nays 25; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cotmess, Cres-
well, Harris, J loward, Howe, McDnugall. Ini vc. Pome-
rov, Ho--, Sumner, Wade, "Williams, ana Wn.-on—k).
NAYS —Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
littlo, Edmunds, Fcssenden, Foster, Grimes, Hen-
derson, ilendrieks, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Mor-
gnn, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Kmiscy,
Kiddle, Sherman, Sprasuo, Xiumbull, \ .in \V inkle,
and W.llev-«5. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Crasm, Dixon,
Fowler, Outhrie, Saulsbuiy, Stewart, "Wright, and
Y ates—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Tlnj PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the hour of adjourn-
ment is now fixed at twelve o'clock meridian,
and the two Houses must be adjourned at (hat
time. 1 doubt whether we can finish up by Fri-
day. I suppose we could do it sometime in
the course of the night or nexUnoming, but
all these bills must go to committees of con-
ference and, necessarily, that will take some
time; and 1 doubt very much whether wo can
get through before Saturday. That is my opin-
ion about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. You had better say Satur-
day at twelve o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For that reason I will
change my motion, and say '' the 28th, at twelve
o'clock meridian."
The PRBSIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified, by inserting " the
28th" instead of "the 27th."
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is adopted 1
■wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
business that is before it. The Senator from
Iowa lias told us that the appropriation bill
now under discussion could be disposed o^f in
a, short time as well as in a long time. Now,
sir, there are at this moment pending on that
bill some of the most important propositions
that Congress has ever been called to enter-
^n—propositions which admit of much dis-
cussion, which, indeed, require much discus-
sion for their proper elucidation. I might
mention several propositions, any"one of which
in the ordinary course of business would oc-
cupy a full week ; and yet we are expected to
take a dozen such propositions right off, with
hardly any discussion, with no time for reflec-
tion, but close the whole bill up suddenly, almost
without a word.
Sir, I do not think that is the proper way of
prosecuting suchimportant business. I do not
think the Senate is just to itself or just to the
country. I think we ought to stay here until all
this important business is thoroughly consid-
ered and finally acted on. Now, that clearly
cannot be done at the time proposed. I regret,
therefore, that such a proposition is brought
forward. If I could have my way, I would
postpone the adjournment much further than
In the motion that I made, and which lias
already been voted down. I think we ought
to stay here much longer. Indeed, we ought
to stay hero until some important measures
now pending before the Senate have been dis-
posed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What are they?
Mr. SUMNER. There is the bankrupt bill
for one. That ought to be taken up and con-
sidered. Then the various propositions that
have been made on this miscellaneous appro-
priation bill ought to be carefully considered,
much more carefully considered than they have
been. For instance, last evening we had sud-
denly moved upon us one of the most important
bills of the session, the equalization of the boun-
ties. It was discussed very briefly, impatiently,
certainly without reaching the merits of the
question. I think that no one who was hero
last night imagines that that measure had any
adequate discussion. There was a vote upon
it. I do not know whether that vote can be
regarded as definitive or not. Probably it ad-
dressed itself to the particular condition of the
proposition at the time, having been already
amended on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, so that many persons who were favora-
bly disposed to the original bounties bill prob-
ably became disaffected to it, and then the
question came up oil a proposition to attach it
to an appropriation bill. 1 hat bill, therefore,
has not been considered on its merits. I merely
refer to it as one of the measures pending be-
fore us. Then there is the other proposition,
involving millions of money, ol charity to the
people in Louisiana and Mississippi, in order
to restore their levees. That proposition ought
not to be acted upon hastily or impatiently. I
think, therefore, we ought to stay, 1 would say
indefinitely, in order to consider these ques-
tions ; and though I am against the proposi-
tions which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
announces so earnestly that he is determined
to press, I am for giving him full time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Maine to strike out "the 25th," and to insert
"the 2Sth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution as
amended.
The voas and nays were ordered.
Mr."TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the
Senator from Maine changed his proposition,
if we are going to adjourn at all, we might as
well adjourn on Friday as on Saturday, the last
davof the week. Unless Congress proposes
to "sit here indefinitely, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from ^Massachusetts, we can get through
with all the necessary business to be done by
Friday noon as well as Saturday noon, which
brings us to the close of the week. I am sorry
he has changed it. I should prefer voting tor
it as the Senator first proposed it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Jt was my individual
opinion that we could not veiy well get through
before Saturday. If Senators differed with me
on that point they could have voted otherwise.
I made that alteration on my own suggestion
because I doubted very much whether we could
dispose of our business by I'riday at twelve
o' clock. If the Senate are of opinion that they
can do so, I suppose it is not too late to recon-
sider the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Clark, Conness, Cowan,
Davis, Doohttle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Guth-
rie, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood,Lane,
McDougall, Morgan,Morrill, Nesmith, Norton,Nye,
Poland, Rn,raspy, Kiddle, Sherman,Sprague, Stewart,
Van Winkle, and Willey—29.
N AY S—Messrs. Chandler^Creswell, Grimes, Harris,
Howard, Howe, Pomeroy, Ross, Sumner, Trumbull,
AVnde, Williams, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Cragin, Dixon,
Fowler, Saulsbury, Wright, and Yates—8.
So-the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 447, for the
admission of Nebraska into the Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are first in order.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of the North American Ressel Company of
New York city, praying for an appropriation
by Congress to aid in the erection of a monu-
ment at'lhe national capital to the memory of
Joseph Ressel, the inventor of the screw in
steam navigation, reported that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
thereof and that the petition be postponed in-
definitely.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 448) to credit
sea service to the officers of the Navy who have
served during the war to suppress the rebel-
lion, who may have resigned prior to the rebel-
lion, have instructed me to report it adversely
and to ask that it be indefinitely postponed.
As the committee understand it, all that is pro-
vided for in the bill is already accomplished by
the law as it now stands. I therefore move its
indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 450) t'o further regulate
the printing of public documents and the pur-
chase of paper for the public printing; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of New Orleans, Louisiana, pray-
ing for relief in the matter of certain assess-
ments made upon them by order of Major
General B. F. Butler in August, 1862, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. IIEXDRICKS. The Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a petition
of officers and seamen formerly in service ill
the Mississippi squadron, praying that they may
be allowed prize money on captures ^ made by
them, have directed me to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. 1 will state that
1 was requested by the committee to prepare a
written report on this subject, but in the press-
ure of business it has been impossible for me
to do so.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills and joint resolution, reported them
severally without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 794) for the relief of Fran-
cis Colgen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 797) for the relief of Dan-
iel Lucas;
A bill (II. R. No. 798) for the relief of
Quiney A. May ;
A bill (II. R. No. 800) for the relief of Ma-
rion M. Buxton; and
A joint resolution (II. R. Nov 194) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
Charles M. Pott a pension of fifteen dollars per
month. .
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was reierred a
bill (S. No. 449) authorizing special juries in
the District of Columbia, reported it with an
amendment, , , n
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 400) for the removal ol causes in
certain cases from State courts, to report it
back without amendment and veconimsncl its
