1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3155
Virginia, the provisions of the act approved
July 4, 1804, entitled "An act to restrict the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims and to pro-
vide for the payment of certain demands for
quartermaster's stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States,"
in which U requested the concurrence of the
Senate. *
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H. It. No. 134) rela-
tive to appointments to the Military Academy
of the United States; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
KBPAIRS Oi? TIIE POTOMAC BRIDCE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is House joint reso-
lution No. 52.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire, with the indul-
gence of the Senate, by the permission of the
Senator from New York, who has charge of
that matter, to be allowed now to take up the
House joint resolution appropriating $10,000
for the repairs of the Potomac bridge. It has
been for some time before the Senate, and
there is a great and, it is said, an urgent
necessity for its passage.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that will not be done
if the unfinished business is to lose its prece-
dence.
Mr. MORRTLL. Of course not. I will give
way if the joint resolution gives rise to the
slightest discussion.
The motion of Mr. Morrill was agreed to;
and the joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) mak-
ing an appropriation for the repair of the
Potomac bridge was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate 510,000 to enable
the Commissioner of Public Buildings to place
the Potomac bridge in such repair as to render
it permanently passable, (he work to be done
immediately afier the approval of this joint
resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
paths universal exhibition".
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 52) to provide for the expenses
attending the exhibition of the products of in-
dustry of the United States at the Exhibition
at Raris in 1807, the pending question being
upon the amendment of Mr. Grimes to the
amendment reported by the Committee on
foreign Relations. The amendment of Mr.
Grimes was to add to the second section of
the committee's amendment the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That no officer shall be appointed and
no money paid under tl.o provisions of this resolu-
tion unlit the Imperial Government of France shall
first give ample and reliable assurances to this Gov-
ernment that the French troops and all French mil-
itary officers shall be immediately withdrawn from
tho just territorial jurisdiction of the republic of
Mexico.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I shall
say nothing in reference to the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Iowa.
I cannot vote for it ceilainly, because I do not
see its relevancy to the resolution under con-
sideration. I should be opposed to saying to
the Emperor of France, ll Provided you with-
draw your troops from Mexico, we will send
you friendly messages." I do not propose any
such bargain as that to so distinguished a per-
sonage. I wish, however, to make one re-
mark upon tho resolution. While I am not
hostile to the objects and purposes of this
joint resolution, I cannot vote for it unless the
honorable Senator from New York can inform
me where Congress gets the constitutional
authority to make this appropriation. It is no
answer to say that Congress heretofore has
made appropriations of this character. Where,
let me ask, is the constitutional authority in
Congress to appropriate money for tho purpose
of sending articles of manufacture, or any other
articles, to Paris to be put upon exhibition?
Is the power of Congress over the Treasury
omnipotent, so that they can appropriate the
public money for any and for every purpose
whatever ? Is there no limitation upon that
power as to the objects and purposes of the
appropriation ? Can they make an appropria-
tion to have an exhibition of wild or tame
animals at any point in the United States or
any point beyond the limits of tho United
States? If you have got tho power under the
Constitution to appropriate money out of the
public Treasury for an object, of this kind, you
have got the power to appropriate money out
of the public Treasury to have annual agricult-
ural fairs, annual exhibitions of stock raised
in the United States, and the power to send
specimens of those stocks to foreign countries
for exhibition.
I will not argue the question. It seems to
me the mere presentation of the case is suffi-
cient. Sir, we have gone far enough in this
species of legislation, in holding that we have
absolute control over tho public purse, and that
we may empty out its contents into the lap of
anybody and of everybody, anywhere and ev-
erywhere, for any and for every pui-pose. It is
time such legislation should stop.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have this
morning been putin possession of some infor-
mation in relation to the Mexican question,
which, while I do not deem it very important
in reference to the subject immediately pending
before the Senate, may be interesting to the
Senate upon the general question of Mexican
affairs. I have in my hand extracts from a
letter coming from a source which, if 1 were
at liberty to mention it. would be very satis-
factory to every Senator. It is a letter from
Paris, just received, which states as follows:
"It is tlic policy of thcFrem h Government to avoid
any new nego tuition with tho Cabinet of Washington,
but it is its deal-determination toiceal! itstroopsand
even to anticipate thetei m cf'eighteenmont lis already
appointed as necessary lor the French evacuation.
"This policy is so evident that in looking at the facts
you can rely upon a very early execution. The orders
are already given from tile Fiench War Department
to recall m the next October the most important part
ofthetotal amount of French troop's now in Mexico.
When the number of their troops winch are to be
withdrawn within tho next fall shall be known in the
United States, it will satisfy tho most exacting parties
that the remainder of the French army wili be recalled
m the next spring."
Mr. HOWARD. 1 sincerely hope, sir, that
the information furnished by tho honorable
Senator from New York may be relied upon,
and that we shall soon see the complete evac-
uation of tho Mexican territory by the French
troops. Of course I am entirely ignorant of
the source of the information ; and notwith-
standing the confidence with which the honor-
able Senator seems to regard that information,
I must take the liberty to express a doubt as
to such a result. Sir, the number of French
troops within the Mexican territory at the pres-
ent time is not leas than fifty thoiihand, and
until a very recent period the number has been
increasing from time to time by accretions from
France and Belgium and other places in Europe
where the Emperor has been able to pick up
troops and send them to Mexico. Among
these troops is a force which is known a? the
"foreign legion," consisting of eight thousand
troops.
Now, sir, as to the probability of the with-
drawal of the French troops from Mexico next
October or next November, or at any definite
time in the future, 1 beg to call the attention
of tho honorable Senator from New York to
the convention which was entered into between
the Emperor of the French and Maximilian
under date of the 10th of April, 1804, a solemn
treaty between the two sovereigns :
"The Government of his Maje.ty thoBmperor of
the French and that of his Majesty tho Emperor of
Mexico, animated by an equal desire to insure the
roestablishment of order m Mexico, and to consoli-
date the new empire, have resolved to arrange by a
convention tile condinons of the stay ot the French
troops in this country."
Now comes the stipulation:
"Articlt: 1. The French tioops which are now in
Mexico will he reduced as soon as possible to a corps
of twenty-five thousand men, including the foreign
legion.
" This corps, to protect the interests which have
caused the intervention
That is the corps of eight thousand men, to
protect the peculiar interests of the Emperor
of the French aud of Maximilian, " which have
caused the intervention in Mexico" will remain.
That interest is nothing more nor less, as we
all know, than the downright conquest of Mex-
ico by the French arms and its retention by
France under the frivolous and shallow pre-
text of a protectorate in favor of the sciou of
the house of Hapsburg known as Maximilian.
"This corps, to protect the interests which have
caused tho intervention, will remain temporarily
in Mexico"—
T emporarily!
"under the conditions arranged by the following
articles.
"Article 2. The French troops will evacuate Mex-
ico according as his Majesty the Emperor of Mcxico
shall be able to organizo the troops neccssary to
replace them.
"Article 3. Tho foreign legion in the service of
Franco, composed of eight thousand men, wilt nev-
ertheless still remain for six years m Mexico "—
I desire the especial attention of the honor-
able Senator from New York to this clause.
The foreign legion is to remain at least six
years in Mexico—
"after all the forces shall have been recalled, con-
formably to article two. Dating from this moment,
tho said legion shall pass into tho sci vice aud pay of
the Mexican Government. The Mexican Govern-
ment reserves to itself tho faculty of shortening the
duration of the employment of the foreign legion m
Mexico."
The French army, by this solemn treaty be-
tween the two Emperors, is to remain in Mex-
ico until his Majesty the Emperor of Mexico
shall be able to organize the forces necessary
to replace them," that is, to replace the French
tioops. How long will that, be? Iiow long
will it require the Emperor Maximilian to
muster troops enough, composed of Mexicans
and Austrians and all other nationalities, to
replace the French army in Mexico ami main-
tain himself on the throne? No, sir; the stip-
ulation of the Emperor of the French thus en-
tered into with Maximilian looks forward to
the permanent and perpetual maintenance of
the Emperor Maximilian upon the throne of
Mexico. So long as he shall find it necessary
to maintain himself upon that throne by means
of foreign aid, so long the Emperor of the
French is bound to aid him and continue his
forces in Mexico.
As throwing some further light on the con-
tinuance of the French troops in Mexico, I beg
to read an extract from an article published in
what is called the Memorial Diplomatique, in
Paris, dated March 12, 1805. It has the air of
authority in it; I have no doubt it is entirely
official. That journal says, after commenting
upon the convention to which I ha\ e already
made allusion:
" Should, however, the reorganization of the Mex-
ican ai my progress sufficiently rapid to render tho
complete evacuation possible at some not distant fu-
ture, the foreign legion, which realizes an effective
of eight thousand men, would still continue to ua.
furl the Fronch flag in Mexico for six whole years
after the departure of all the other troops, unless the
Finperor Maximilian should judge it expedient to
shorten tho duration of its employment. Thus impos-
ing as seemstheforceof bayonetsofwhichtlteUnited
States will be able to dispose if they end the fratri-
cidal war which at present divides them, there is very
little fear that they will be disposed to make an at-
tack upon Mexico, where, for eight or ten years still,
they are sure to meet tho Frcnch flag: and should
they forget that it is to tho generous cooperation of
Franco that they owe their own independence, they
could not be ignorant that tho Government of tho
Fmperor Napoleon III does not compound in a mat-
ter ot honor and dignity."
I refer to those passages ns a reply to the
assurance given us by the honorable Senator
from New York, based upon the paper which
he has road to us, that it is highly probable
iho French troops are about to bo recalled
from Mexico. No. sir ; I think this talk about
tin; withdrawal ol' the French troops from
Mexico is a mere amusement, and notwith-
standing flic many assurances that we have
had. din-'ct ami indirect, that they are about
to be withdrawn. 1 have no idea at all that the
Emperor of the French contemplates the with-
