2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
ets of the people to the consummation of thia
grand system of railway and intercommunica-
tion, working all harmoniously, working admi-
rably. And now, if T do not misinterpret tliis
bill, you assert a principle which authorizes
the General Government to reach out its hand
and take the direction of every mile of the rail-
way system in this country.
Would that be wise? Nobody will venture
to say that; but that is the road on which you
enter. I suppose the advocates of this meas-
ure would not pretend that it would be wise.
I dare say they would deprecate it, that the
General Government should enter into this
competition and take the direction of these
railways; but, sir, you assert a principle which
authorizes it, and that is what I object to. If
you have a right to say that roads may connect
and shall counect; if you have a right to say
that a railroad company in the interior of New
Jersey—and that is precisely this case—may
extend its road across that State and then
across the Delaware river and connect with
other roads, and that all roads, whether the
States authorizing them will or not, shall have
the right to connect one road with another,
you have thereby asserted a principle which
will justify the Government in establishing
rules and regulations in regard to the commerce
over these internal railways precisely as upon
the navigable waters of the Unit'ed States.
And that is the doctrinc maintained by those
who advocate this bill; for it should be under-
stood that the bill comes from the Committee
on Commerce; it came, in the other House,
from the Committee on Commerce of that body,
and is reported back here from the Committee
on Commerce of the Senate. It is based on
the power to regulate commerce ; and if you
can regulate commerce in one particular over
these railways, you can in all. Of course it
follows that you may establish your custom-
house officers in every depot and station-house
in those Slates, and the rules and regulations
which are applicable upon the navigable waters
regulating (lie transitin vessels, however borne
on the navigable waters, may be applied to
these artificial highways. It is for this reason
that 1 object to the bill. I object, to repeat,
because I see no occasion for the interposition
ofsucli n power. The system works well enough
as it is. I object because I believe it to be
dangerous.
Now, sir, one word in regard to the author-
ity, ami then I shall content myself with re-
cording my vote against the measure. I have
already said that the authority is justified ap-
parently in a threefold sense. First, the bill
invokes the power of Congress, under the Con-
stitution. to regulate commerce; secondly, the
power to establish post roads ; and third, the
power to raise and support armies. What this
nation can do in a state of war we have all of
us witnc'hM'd in the last four or five years. Un-
doubtedly a stale of war brings extraordinary
powers. During the state of war we did not
hesitate to put all the railways in the country
for defense under the power of the General
Government for the time being; but nobody
supposed that that was a power to bo exercised
in time of peace. Nobody supposed that that
power which wo exercised for the time being,
as the extreme war power of the nation, was to
be the rule of action in time of peace, and
that all of these railways were to be subjected
in the future to the power of Congress and the
control ot the General Government under that
law. That is the answer to that branch of the
argument.
Then, as to the question of the exercise of
the power for postal service, let mo ask, is there
any precedent in the history of this Govern-
ment which authorizes the pushing of this prin-
ciple to this extremity? If I recollect the
authorities, none of them go any further than
to assert the establishment of a post road
over roads or ways already existing. The
Government has never in a single instance
claimed the right to make or construct, either
in a Slate or Territory, or anywhere within its
limits or jurisdiction, a road for the purpose
of postal service. The uniform interpretation
of the power of Congress under that provision
of the Constitution has been to establish as
post roads roads existing in the several States ;
and I am confident that not a single precedent,
either executive, legislative, or otherwise, can
be found in the whole history of the Govern-
ment where it has been attempted to push the
interpretation of that provision of the Consti-
tution beyond establishing as post roads roads
already in existence.
But, sir, this measure during this session of
Congress, and particularly at the last session,
was argued by its advocates principally on the
power of the Government under the Consti-
tution to regulate commerce. Never in the
history of this country has the principle been
pushed so far as is here contemplated. On this
subject of the power of the Government to reg-
ulate commerce we certainly have a history by
this time. How much power Congress had
under that provision of the Constitution very
early sprang up in the history of this Govern-
ment. As I recollect the facts, as early as 1810
Mr. Madison called the attention of Congress
to the general subject as involved in the ques-
tion of internal improvements; but it was not
contended then, and during the whole period
of the history of logislationin this country from
1810, when the attention of Congress was first
drawn to the subject, down to 1830, when the
whole question was thoroughly discussed by tlio
Executive at various periods and by Congress,
it was never contended that Congress had the
power to give facilities to commerce by die cre-
ation of artificial highways in the several States.
And, Mr. President, I think it is no stretch of
reason to suppose that if Congress could not
create these artificial .highways, if Congress
stood afar off and refused to make these inter-
nal improvements, and the people undertook
these improvements in their own right and upon
their own account, I think the argument not
far-fetched at all that if Congress had not the
right to appropriate the people's money to make
these highways, these artificial ways of inter-
communication in the several States, they have
not the right to appropriate them when the
people have made tliom themselves.
There is nothing better settled in American law
than that the right of eminentdomaiu is in the
States. The right to control the territory within
the limits and jurisdiction of the several States
belongs to the States and not to the General
Government. It never did belong to the Gen-
eral Government; the General Government
never claimed that it did. The General Gov-
ernment never undertakes in a State to crect
a fort or an arsenal or exercise any rights what-
ever in regard to the title to real estate except
by consent of the States. When it was thought
advisable to construct a national highway be-
tween the waters of the Chesapeake and the
Ohio, the Cumberland road socalled, Congress
declined to act at all upon the question until the
consent of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Vir-
ginia had first been obtained, and upon the
ground that Congress could not authorize the
construction of a highway, even for military
purposes, for that was the great object of that
road, so declared, without having first obtained
the consent of the States over which the road
waa to pass.. This illustrates fully, I think,
what very many similar acts in the history of
the country tend also to show, that the right
of eminent domain is in the States. Congress
never claimed to have the right to enter the
limits and jurisdiction of any one of the States
for the purpose of building ordinary highways
or railways, and 1 contend—and it is connected
very closely with the argument—that if the
Government cannot create these highways it
cannot control them when created.
_ But, Mr. President, all the authorities, judi-
cial, executive, and legislative, recognize a
broad distinction between that commerce which
is external and that commerce which is among
the States, and that which is internal and
within the States. The distinction is broad,
well understood, and has been recognized from
tho earliest period. All the authorities that
were referred to by the Senators who have pre-
ceded me at this session and at the former
session, recognize that distinction; it is obvi-
ous commerce internal and peculiar to the
States, and commerce external and among the
States. I would ask honorable Senators whose
attention has been given to this subject, under
which class does this system of internal com-
munication fall? Is a railway constructed un-
der a charter granted exclusively^by a State,
built entirely within its limits and jurisdiction,
a way for commerce peculiar to a State ana
entirely within it, or does it fall within that
principle recognized in the Constitution of
commerce among the States?
In all the books—I have none of them at
hand this morning—this distinction is taken
and made very clear. I recollect a case in my
own State—I think tho honorable Senator from
Maryland had occasion to refer to it in the
speech upon this subject which lie made at tho
last session—where a grant was made for the
exclusive navigation of one of the navigable
rivers of my State to a private company above
a certain point held to be not navigable, and
the court held that although that river was
navigable to the sea and for some seventy or
eighty miles from the sea inward,yet at tho
point where navigation terminated by reason of
an obstruction, and above that point, although
navigable for twice that distance, it was in-
ternal commerce and exclusively within tho
jurisdiction of tho State; that the Congress
of the United States, although supreme in its
power to regulate commerce over external
waters, here ceased to have any power at all;
and simply because the way was wholly within
the State and was not open to the sea.
If that principle is applicable to a railway,
I submit whether a railway, which is to be
regarded as a way for commerce, chartered by
a State, created by a State, built entirely by_ a
State, and entirely within its limits and juris-/
diction, can possibly be interfered with by the
Government of the United States in any way
whatever; whether it is not entirely beyond the
power of tho United States; and whether it is
to be said that the Government of the United
States may reach out its hand and require it to
connect with roads outside of the limits of the
State. I maintain that all these internal rail-
ways, which are within the limits and jurisdic-
tion of the States exclusively, belong to that
class of internal commerce which is exclusively
of the States, and over which the United States
have no control and no jurisdiction whatever. I
do not believe that it is for the interest of the
country that this power should be exercised.
To repeat what I have said before, I see no
occasion for it, no exigency to call for the ex-
ercise ofthis power. That it is a doubtful power,
to say the best of it, I think no Senator on thia
floor will question.
Mr. President, I have accomplished all that
I rose to accomplish this morning. I have
called the attention of the Senate to the
importance of this bill; gpd, with these brief
remarks, I shall content myself with voting
a<>"unst it
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it was
my opportunity to use an instrument on the
first road that ever carried an engine in the
United States of North America, very close to
where tho two Senators from the State of New
York inhabit. That very circumstance induced
me to think very much about these questions.
I rode over the New Jersey road when it was
young. The Baltimore and Ohio road was
projected in 182G I think; I shall not be exact
as to the date. These were great enterprises
then. It was not public capital, it was indi-
vidual capital as a rule that built those great
railways that have made such great demon-
strations in our country. It is true of the Bal-
timore and Ohio road, which when it was
started was a greater enterprise than the Pacific
railroad, that when it was projected by a mer-
chant in that city, whose name is not at pres-
ent in my memory, but who deserves renown,
it was thought to be a wild and insane schcme—
the attempt to climb the Alleghanios and
