urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
drawal of the French army from Mexico.
French pride is concerned in that question,
French honor, French dignity, French glory.
It is to-day a French conquest, so far as the
conquest has extended, and France now holds
it by the iron grip of war and conquest, and so
she intends to hold it for the' future, and I
regret to say that her progress in Mexico has,
in my humble judgment, been in a great
degree owing to our own* difficulties at home,
if you please to call it'so, our own weakness,
produced by the civil war through which we
nave just passed, and also to a want of manly
firmness and courage on the part of our own
Government in its negotiations and its rela-
tions with that of France. Until wehave some
new policy in our foreign affairs, a policy which
shall in some form assert (he ancient and
time-honored Monroe doctrine, you will see no
withdrawal of the French troops from Mexico.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to say a word
about the amendment and upon the subject of
the Exposition itself I understand that the
different nations of the world propose to hold
a sort of general Exhibition in Paris, by and
by, to show off their industry, the relative in-
dustries of the different nationalities. Whether
it is wise or unwise for the United States to
jjarticipato in such an Exhibition was, at one
time, an open question ; but 1 understand wo
have already passed upon it and concluded,
resolved to participate in that Exhibition. My
own impression is that the decision was a wise
one. I. do not know of any reason that should
prevent the industry of the United States ap-
pearing whore the industry of other nations is
exhibited. The Senator from Iowa says it will
cost a good deal. I suppose it will cost all
nations a good deal; but I am not sure that
we cannot afford the expense. Several of
these Exhibitions have been held heretofore,
and L believe we have generally approved of
them. We made but a very meager and a
somewhat beggarly appearance, I think, hi
the last one that was held. I think wo refused
to make any appropriation for that purpose.
The argument was that we were just embark-
ing in a war; we did not exactly know who
owned the United States; and it was thought
more prudent for us not to appear in that in-
dustrial congress of nations. 1 thought other-
wise then, and said otherwise. I thought that
as long as we pretended to be a nation, if wo
were not so effectually stunned by the war that
we could not walk at all, it was our business to
walk into whatever congresses other nations
did go into, if they were right and proper in
themselves.
I do not think the mere consideration of
expense should deter us from appearing at.
this congress. It seems that it is to 1)0 held
in France; and I judge from the debate that
has already taken place that the Emperor of
France is^ not popular here in the Senate and
in the United States. That may very well be.
His merits have not been' canvassed recently.
I do not know what the popular verdict would
be touching the Emperor Napoleon. But the
Exhibition is not to be held in his parlor, or in
any of his counting-rooms, or in any of his
parks. Jit is to be held in the city of Paris, I
understand. France is an existing nation,
and whether we like or dislike the' reigning
monarch there, I do not think that is a good
reason for our refusing to participate in an ex-
hibition which is to take place there.
1 have seen Executives in this country who
were not very popular with me. I do not
think that the want of popularity on the part
of any of our Presidents would bo a good rea-
son why Great Britain, or France, or Russia,
or any other nationality of the world, should
refuse to participate in an exhibition <}f indus-
try to take place in the city of Now York, or
Boston, or elsewhere. So I do not think we
ought to determine this question with refer-
ence to our peculiar opinions of the political
merits or demerits of the Emperor Napoleon.
Cut it is said that a youthful son of his is to
preside over this Exhibition. I did not know
that. If he does I hope he will preside suc-
cessfully and acceptably. I do not think, if
he is so very young as he is said to be, that lie
will be capable of doing much to damage the
Exhibition; I do not think he will be able to
hurt it much; and therefore I should not refuse
to participate in the Exhibition on that account.
But the pending amendment raises a differ-
ent question. The pending amendment sug-
gests to us the propriety of refusing our par-
ticipation in the Exhibition unless the French
troops shall be removed, not from the United
States, but from the republic of Mexico down
below us. I would not have any particular
objection to that amendment if I were sure the
French- troops would be removed before this
Exhibition came off, because then no atten-
tion would be attracted to the fact that we had
agreed to such a vote. But if that amend-
ment should be adopted and it turned out that
the French troops had not been withdrawn by
the time the Exhibition came off, I should be
very sorry if any inquiry were ever made "why
the United States of America are not repre-
sented at Paris," the answer should bo, ''We
were pouting, we were in a sulk because there
were some French troops in the republic of
Mexico.''
Mr. President, -I .shall not detain the Senate
with any discussion of the Monroe doctrine;
but I will say just this one thing, that if the
existence of these troopr. or the troops of any
other foreign country in the republic of Mexico
is an injury to the sovereignty of the United
States of America, this is not the way to resent
it. If we feci insulted or wronged by the pres-
ence of those troops in that republic, let us
remove them. There is one way of doing it.
This is not. the way. France is a sovereign
Power; so is Mexico, I take it; and so is the
United States at last. I trust; and if we are
w-rouged by this or any other act of national
intervention in the affairs of this continent let
u.j proceed to abate that wrong, as sovereign
Powers do abate wrongs. We know how that
is. But 1 do not believe it becornps the Repub-
lic of the United States to sit here day after
day in the Halls of Congress to complain of
these acts without taking the proper steps to
redress them ; and, above all, do I think it
unbecoming the dignity of the Republic, if
France or Louis Napoleon has ventured upon
a-step which we feel to be an aggression upon
the rights of the United States, to undertake to
resent it by simply making faces at his hoy.
Mr. WADE. 1 had not intended to say any-
thing about this subject, because I supposed it
was a foregone conclusion that this Exhibition
would be attended by the authorities of the
United States. 1 was opposed to it in com-
mittee-; I am opposed to it now, and for several
reasons. One of those reasons is that 1 am
persuaded that the exhibition wo shall bo able
to make there will not bo very honorable or very
creditable to the United States. Wo have not
had sufficient notice; we have not begun in
sufficient time ; we are not sufficiently liberal
in the appropriations that we have made or
propose to make, to make a respectable exhi-
bition there. So well aware of that has the
French Emperor been, that by reference to the
amount of ground that has been marked off for
the Urnted States to occupy among the other
nations of the earth that propose to assemble
there, it will be seen that there has been less
space awarded to us than to any of the little
German principalities that propose to go there.
They require us, of course, to build our own
house, and I believe the appropriation proposed
here is not supposed to be more than sufficient
to construct the buildings in which the exhibi-
tion is to be made. At all events the commit-
tee did not find that it could much more than
perform that part. We are a great way from
the place where this Exhibition is to be held.
It is very expensive for us to go there and to
take there all those things that we might wish
to exhibit. The probability is that we shall j
make but a very poor show in that distant I
country compared with those great nations |
living close at hand, and with materials much j
easier to be brought and exhibited there than I
we eonld do-nnderany circumstances; for-those
aristocratical and monarchical Governments,
where kings and princes contend with the power
of nations in their hands, can make a much
greater show than a republic can ever make.
I do not know what advantage it is supposed
will be gained'by any exhibition that we shall
make there. Is there any new thing under
the sun that will be brought to light there?
Is there to be found any new invention unknown
to the people of the United States or to the
civilized world that we can lay hold of as an
improvement, that we have not now perfect
knowledge of? I hardly know what advantage
this nation expects to get by any exhibition
that it shall make there.
These considerations, seeing that we should
make such a sorry exhibition there before the
nations of the world, led me to believe that it
would be better that we should not go there at
all. If we could make an exhibition of repub-
lican Government, and the fruits of republic-
anism as administered in our Government,
that we think* the best in the world, yea, that
we know is'tho best in the world ; if wo eould
compare its principles and its effects upon a
people with those monarchies, I should be
exceedingly emulous for the exhibition ; but
this is a contest for splendor, for show ; and it
is for the purpose of building up the greatness,
power, and influence of the Emperor of France
that this Exhibition is to be held. These are
the considerations which ha -o moved that
absolute aud subtle monarch to gather ali the
nations of the earth there right under his sur-
veillance and supervision, to make an exhibi-
tion for the glory of France and the stability
and honor of his throne. It will hardly have
any other effect than that. All that he expects
from it is from considerations like these. And
just in proportion.as a Government robs its
poor people, robs labor of its just fruits, arid
accumulates them in the hands of a few, just
in that proportion is it able to make a splendid
exhibition on such an occasion.
As I said before, I wish we could compare
Governments and the fruits of free Govern-
ments with the fruits of despotisms as affecting
the honor, the intelligence, and the elevation
of a whole people. If that could bo done, we
should do more for republicanism, more for
humanity, more for the elevation of the peo-
plos of the world than could be done in any
other way. But by this kind of exhibition you
only exhibit to the world what robberies priv-
ileged classes can make from industry in order
to make a show before the world: and t.o re-
peat, just in proportion as they rob labor of its
fruits, so they will be enabled to make a grand,
splendid appearance at this Exhibition.
These, in short, were some of the reasons
that induced me before the committee to be-
lieve and to vote against our Government in-
terfering at all in this matter. We are to send
philosophers and sages there to view this great
spectacle! They will come home, one half of
them, with their heads turned clear round with
the glory of monarchical Governments tend the
splendid exhibitions that they have made there.
Your shallow scientific men will look no deeper
than this, and will become imbued with the
spirit of monarchical and aristocratic govern-
ments. One half of the men we send abioad
desert our principles when they have been hang-
ing on a court for not more than a mouth. Your
minister there now is as complete a snob tothe
court of Prance as any one who is hereditarily
so. That will be the advantage, and t believe
all the advantage, that this Government will
gain by sending these sages there to taksnote
of this splendid Exhibition. As the Senator
from Iowa has said, when that is done they will
come here with their programmes and their
drawings and their reports, that will be ex-
ceedingly costly for us to print and exhibit
here, and they will be of no kind of use when
they are printed.
Now, sir. as to our relations with Franco,
for that has been involved in this question,
what has been the treatment of France toward
this nation and toward Mexico? I take that
