1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4117
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the bill been printed?
Mr. WADE. Yes. sir. '
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the order of the
day.
The PRESIDENT pro ttmpore. With the
permission of the Senate, before calling up the
unfinished business, the Chair will lay before
the Senate certain House bills for reference.
IIOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 719) to punish certain
crimes in relation to the public securities and
currency, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary; and the bill (H. R. No. 761)
authorizing the reimbursement to the Territory
of Nebraska of certain expenses incurred in
repelling Indian hostilities, was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
PORTRAIT OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing resolution from the House of Representa-
tives :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That Congress
accepts tho portrait of Abraham Lincoln presented
by Signor Salviati, of the city of Venice, with thanks
to the donor, and that tho portrait be placed for safe
custody in the Library of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the concurrence of
the Senate in that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM CROSWELL.
The Senate proceeded t,o consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 35-1) for the relief of William Cros-
wcll, which was to add at the end of the bill the
following words: " to be paid out of the naval
pension fund."
Mr. G RIMES. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Tho motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN CALIFORNIA AND LOUISIANA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is House bill No.
737, the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I have an amendment to
offer to that, bill.
Mr. CONNESS. With the leave of the Sen-
ator, I should like to get action on an amend-
ment of the House to a Senate bill. It will
only take a moment. _ —
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent, another measure being
before the Seriate. No objection being inter-
posed, the message of the House will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Retained, That the House insist, on their amend-
ment to the bill of the Senate (8. No. 179)in relation
to the district courts of tho United States in the States
of California and Louisiana.
Mr. CONNESS. This bill abolishes one
of the districts in the State of California and
one in the State of Louisiana, and the House
amendment proposes, as the whole State of
Louisiana is to be one district, to increase the
salary of the district judge there to $4,500, and
they insist on their amendment. I think in all
probability that the amendment was right; the
salary should be increased, as increased du-
ties will, have to be performed. Therefore I
move that the Senate recede from their disa-
greement to the House amendment and agree
to the same.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this will not be done.
The Committee on the Judiciary have reported
a bill in relation to the salaries of all district
judges, and I believe in that bill the salary of
this district judge is fixed at precisely the sum
fixed by the House. What I desire is, that that
bill shall be acted upon, and that there shall
be a uniform and regular system of salaries for
the judges, so as not to be raising the salary
of one judge until we are ready to adjust them
in all cases. I think that the Senate bill should
be acted upon, and that this gentleman should
wait until the salaries of the other judges are
raised. If we cannot act upon it at this ses-
sion, let him wait until December. I am op-
posed to acting upon individual cases in ref-
erence to the increase of salaries. We have
perfected a bill with some care in reference to
the salaries of all the district judges in the
United States, this judge with others, and I
think we should wait until that bill is acted on.
Mr. SHERMAN. How did this bill inter-
pose?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent, and can be proceeded with only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. It pro-
poses to increase the salary of a judge, and I
think it should go to that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the hill and amendment be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. Does tho Senator know
the course the bill has taken?
Mr. SHERMAN, 1^ heard tho statement of
the Senator from California. I do not think
this bill ought to stand in the way of the appro-
priation bill. Lot it be put out of the way.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
have patience for an instant.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit tho motion; or
if the bill can only be considered by unanimous
consent, I object to it, if it is not too late to
object. I did not hear it when the bill was
taken up.
Mr. CONNESS. This is not the first time
that the Senator has objected while 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to be lec-
tured by the Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT tempore. Order must
be observed. In the opinion of the Chair, this
bill is before the Senate simply by common
consent and liable to be laid aside at any time
011 an objection. Ts the further consideration
of this hill objected to?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do object; and I hope
when I am transacting the public business that
the Senator will not interpose these measures.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it will be laid aside.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the lionise of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
011 the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments to the bill (II. R. No. 387)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending 30th June,
18f>7, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 780)
to protectfthe revenue, and for other purposes;
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. James A. Gaiifield of Ohio, Mr. James
K. Mooriiead of Pennsylvania, and Mr. John
Hogan of Missouri, managers at the same on
its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had disagreed to
the amendments of the Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill (S. No. 138) to
increase and fix the military peace establish-
ment of the United States, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Robert C.
Schexck of Ohio, Mr. Halbert B. Patxe of
Wisconsin, and Mr. Sydenham E. Axcox'A of
Pennsylvania, managers at the same on its part.
. The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R.. No. 80-1) to regulate tho ap-
pointment of clerks and commissioners of bail
in the circuit or district courts of the United
States;
A bill (II. R. No. 32) to extend the jurisdic-
tion of commissioners of the circuit courts of
the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 92) to ascertain the prac-
ticability of having a steamboat navigation
from the Chesapeake bay, at the mouth of the
Susquehanna river, to Lake Ontario, in the
State of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 4G8) to provide for the
suits, judgments, and business of the United
States provisional court for the State of Louis-
iana ;
A bill (H. R. No. 667) to prevent officers of
the Navy from being deprived of their regular
promotion on account of wounds received in
battle, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 802) to incorporate the
National Farm School;
A bill (H. R. No. 803) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the trustees
of the Female Orphan Asylum in Georgetown
and the Washington City Orphan Asylum in
the District of Columbia," passed May 24,
1828;
A bill (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of Wil-
liam Joslin;
A bill (H. R. No. 604) to define and punish
certain crimes therein named; and
A bill (II. R. No. 805) to restore the posses-
sion of lands confiscated by the authorities of
the States lately in rebellion.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions ; which were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 224) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
a southern branch of the Union Pacific rail-
way and telegraph from Fort Riley, Kansas,
to Fort Smith, Arkansas ;
A bill (S. No. 281) to authorize the Ches-
apeake Bay and Potomac River Tidewater
Canal Company to enter the District of Colum-
bia and extend their canal to the Anacostia
river at any point above Bcnning's bridge;
A bill (S. No. 358) granting a pension to
Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks;
A bill (S. No. 306) granting a pension to
Abraham Lansing;
A bill (S. No. 307) to extend the time of
letters-patent issued to Thaddeus Ilyatt;
A bill (S. No. 376) granting a pension to
Drusey A. Layman;
A bill (S. No. 390) granting a pension to
John Pyle;
A bill (S. No. 398) for the relief of W. B.
Kelley;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 31) manifest-
ing the sense of Congress toward the officers
and seamen of the vessels, and others, engaged
in tho rescue of the officers and soldiers of the
Army, the passengers, and the officers and crew
of the steamship San Francisco from perishing
with the wreck of that vessel;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to provide
for codifying tho laws relating to the customs;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing
the payment of certain claims against the late
Territory of Nevada;
. A joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) for the
relief of Sergeant Milton McKinnon;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) providing
for the examination of the accounts of the State
of Massachusetts for moneys expended during
the war for coast defense ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) granting
the right of way through military reserves to
the Union Pacific Railroad Company and its
branches;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 12G) t;o author-
ize the use of certain plates of the United States
exploring expedition by the Navy Department;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 132) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of Caleb T. Fay and
William Y. Patch, late assessor and collector
of internal revenue at San Francisco:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) for the
benefit of the Illinois Soldiers' College and
Military Academy ;
A bill (H. R. No. 438) in relation to tlie
appointment of clerks of courts in Washington
Territory;
