3158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
have anything to do by way of social inter-
course.
It is said that he is to put up his son at the
head of this Exhibition as a model for Ameri-
can gentlemen and statesmen to doff their hats
to. A young monarch nine years old ! Gen-
tlemen may say this is a matter of taste. It is
a matter of principle with me. An American
citizen never shall, with my consent, be com-
pelled to do this mean_ obeisance to kings or
emperors, or their children. It is not the
place for proud republicans to go. The rela-
tionship in which we stand to that nation is
not such as should permit us to interfere
nationally, and by our Government to appear
at this grand pageant of this Emperor in order
to swell the triumphant splendor of his reign.
I am opposed to it. But what I say about the
Emperor, and about maintaining our policy
and lending our arms to assist Mexico in her
troubles, I am for carrying out directly. If
you vote down this amendment, then tell me
that you will take the lion by the beard and
say to him, "Ytftt shall not make ruling em-
perors on our borders to bo our neighbors ; it
is against our principle and humiliating to us;
it is intended to degrade us." If you want to
show an exhibition of a people, the bravest,
the best, the most intellectual, the highest
advanced in civilization that the world ever
saw—I mean f lic great mass of our people—
exhibit nations, but do not go for their bau-
bles. You will be beat there. [ hope to God
you will ever be beat in such exhibitions as
that. Compare institutions with them ; show
the beneficence of our Government, how it-
reaches out a helping hand to oiler help to
every man, places every man upon an equal
platform, where every one can be the artificer
of his own fortune ; compare that with those
nations where kings and emperors reign, and
where privileged classes trample down and
brutalize the great mass of their people, h
will make no exhibition that can be honorable
to us to go there. I go against your resolu-
tion. I go against any association with them
until they repent of their crimes and become
honorable men.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I was one of
the five that voted in favor of the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] in opposition to the predecessor of
the measure that is now before the Senate. I
have not changed in my opposition to the meas-
ure. 1 was opposed to it partly upon the ground
suggested bv the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, and also upon the ground suggested by
the honorable Senator from Ohio who has just
taken his seat. In addition to my distrust of
the power of our Government to take part in
such an Exhibition, I thought with him that we
were too distant from the theater whore this
Exhibition is to take place, that the ocean roll-
ing between France and us would render it im-
possible for the United Slates to make any-
thing like a respectable appearance at the
Exhibition, and therefore I was opposed to it.
I am also opposed to the proposition which
the honorable Senator from Iowa has made to
amend this resolution, not because I am op-,
posed to the proposition itself, (for that I am
in favor of decidedly and unhesitatingly,) but
I think it is too grave a proposition, one of too
much dignity to be made in connection with
the resolution now under consideration. 1 am
informed that an understanding has taken place
between the French Government aud the Sec-
retary of State that the French forces are te
bo withdrawn in divisions from Mexico by par-
ticular days. Being myself a friend of the Mon-
roe doctrine, having read the papers when it
was first announced, and given my youthful aud
enthusiastic support to that doctrine, it has*
ever since been a cherished sentiment with me.
On any and all occasions where that doctrine
can be asserted or practically enforced so as
to keep the foot of European Powers from this
continent, I am always willing to assert it. If
the honorable Senator from Ohio or any other
gentleman would introduce a resolution to this
purport, that an understanding having been
come to by our Government and Louis Napo-
leon's Government that the French troops
shall be withdrawn, according to the terms,
not of the stipulation, but according to the
mode which he himself decided upon. I be-
lieve, under the influence of the protest of our
Government against their remaining there, and
which was satisfactory to our Government, the
Congress of the United States expect him faith-
fully to execute that purpose as he announced
it to our Government, I would vote for such a
resolution most cheerfully, and I believe it
would receive the unanimous support of Con-
gress, or nearly so. I think that in that form
it would be appropriate, and it would have
much more moral power, both with the French
Government and with the world, than to assert
such a principle as that and endeavor to affix
it to the present measure as an amendment
to it.
Mr. President, I frankly concede that of the
ability of the Mexican people for self-govern-
ment and for the maintenance of free institu-
tions I have very little hope. I believe they
are too degenerate, too mongrel, and too infe-
rior in their characteristics to meet the ques-
tion of tho capacity of a people for self-govcrn-
ment at all. But however that may be, they
have a right to bo loft alone; they have the
right to be uninterrupted by the ambitious pro-
jects of Louis Napoleon or Maximilian or any
other European potentate or Power; and in
tho assertion of tho Monroe doctrine I would
be willing for the Government of the United
States to interpose for their protection, and if
needs be, to sweep the French forces from
Mexico and to leave the people of Mexico to
work out their own destinies. I believe, with
the honorable Senator from Ohio, that at the
close of the late war, and oven now. that could
be done by tho military power of the United
States in sixty days. I believe that such an
operation would authorizca reexpression of the
fam ous epistle of Ctesar when he invaded Spain,
" Veni, vidi, vki." Whenever Louis Napoleon
or the French Government manifests unmis-
takably a puiposc not to evacuate Mexico, but
to seek to continue the French power and in-
fluence there, through Maximilian or by any
other medium, I am then in favor of the United
States interfering and bringing all such ambi-
tious purposes to a eloso. Sir, I am so much
a friend to the Monroe doctrine that I believe
recently there has been a fit opportunity for a
further demonstration of it in relation to other
Powers on the continent of Amcrica. The
invasion by Spain of Chili and Peru, in my
humble judgment, was altogether unauthorized,
and was a manifestation of the arbitrary power
of a nation that was superior in military and
naval resources to those republics for tho pur-
pose of humiliating them and bringing injury
and degradation upon them. It struck ine that
the attack, bombardment, and destruction in
part of Valparaiso by the Spanish forces was
an outrage, not only upon the principle of the
Monroe doctrine, but also on humanity, and
that the naval forces of the United States that
were then present in that port ought to have
interfered for the purpose of protecting that
defenseless city against such a Vandal attack.
With these sentiments, I think the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio and the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa will be satisfied that I am as
much in favor of the Monroe doctrine and as
much opposed to the occupation of Mexico by
the French, or by Maximilian, under the pat-
ronage of the French Emperor, as they are;
but 1 do not think that this is the appropriate
time or mode in which such a great sentiment
of policy upon the part of the Government of
the United States in the assertion of the Mon-
roe doctrine, and in its application to the pres-
ent position of the French empire and power
in that country, should be" made. I shall
therefore vote against the amendmentproposed
by the Senator from Iowa. I was one of the
minority of five to which the honorable Sen-
ator from New York alluded, that the Senator
from Iowa eould command in tho first opposi-
tion to this measure. I care nothing about
standing with a minority of five. I would care
nothing for standing in a minority of one be-
sides myself, or even alone in my opposition
to this measure, or to any other to which I felt
prepared to manifest my opposition. I care
not about minorities or majorities, or even the
success of measures, or of my opposition to
measures. I vote according to my judgment
on their merits; and when I have given a vote
upon any measure whatever, notwithstanding
it may meet the fate of defeat, and a defeat of
but five of a minority of opposition or of but
one of an opposition, I would stand no less firm
in my opposition in relation to the measure.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I think
that in giving our attention to these industrial
Exhibitions, and giving them our encourage-
ment, we are not making obeisance to kings.
It is making our obeisance to the freedom of
industry the world over, which to-day com-
mands the obeisance of kings themselves. This
Exhibition which is now to be seen in Europe
—a repetition, perhaps ou a grander scale, of
an Exhibition which has already appeared in
Great Britain—this grand fair of the nations,
has been borrowed from America; it is an
American institution. We have them in all
our counties. We have them in all our States.
We have our national fairs, where the industry
of all the States is exhibited. This grand fair
of the nations, first taking place in England,
now being offered to exhibition in France, is
but borrowing an institution from the great
Republic of the world ; and it is making obei-
sance to that great principle, freedom of in-
dustry, freedom of invention, which makes the
great Republic what it is this day, standing
as it does in the vanguard of the nations, and
leading the industries and the freedom of the
world. I do not therefore think there is any-
thing anti-republican, anything inconsistent
with the American Republic in its being repre-
sented atone of these grand fairs of the nations.
It is said that but little space has been allotted
to us in the building which is to be erected in
Paris for the Exhibition. It is true that in
comparison with the space allotted to neigh-
boring nations, ours is small; but it must be
remembered that we are on the other side of
the Atlantic ocean from France, three thou-
sand miles away, and that the number of arti-
cles that we can put on exhibition cannot com-
pare with those that can be sent by rail one,
two, or three hundred miles from the neigh-
boring States. But, sir, there is space enough
allotted to us in this grand exhibition of the
inventions, the improvements, and the indus-
tries of the nations, to enable us to demonstrate
to the nations of the world that we are not only
foremost in free institutions and in the freedom
of industry, but that in the freedom of our in-
ventions we have excelled them all. We can
set up the telegraph ; we can show tho steam
engine ; we can also show there the great dis-
coveries in medicine and anesthetics—one of
the greatest of modern discoveries, by which,
in surgical operations, all pain is suspended ;
one of the greatest blessings that science has
vouchsafed to suffering humanity, which alone
of itself takes from the terrors of the battle-
field one half its suffering, to know that limbs
may be amputated without a moment's pain,
that not a neive will feel the incision, while
under the influence of this agent, which Amer-
ican genius has discovered aud brought to light.
But, sir, I cannot dwell upon these things,
and do not intend to take up the time of the
Senate in dwelling upon thetn. I cannot, how-
ever, close without making some reference to
remarks that have been made by gentlemen
here in relation to the Emperor of France and
his policy toward Mexico and the United
States. Far be it from me to undertake to
justify or apologize for the policy adopted by
France toward Mexico. Far be it from me to
look upon the conduct of France toward the
Government of the United States in a friendly
light.
Mr. President, I have no doubt that the Em-
peror of France has been most woefully disap-
pointed in one of the dreams of his ambition—
