174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
suffrage. The office of this right under civil
government is kindred to that which belongs
under natural law to the right of self-defense.
Not that the right of self-defense as established^
by natural law is supplanted by the right of
suffrage when civil law assumes its sway over
a people; for then both exist, the latter being
a cumulative right rendered necessary by the
new relations, rights, interests, privileges, and
obligations resulting from the ordination of
civil government. In a state of nature man
must rely on his powers of forco and persua-
sion for the defense of his rights. Within cer-
tain limitations, he may rely on the same means
of defense after the institution of civil govern-
ment, and the law justifies or excuses him ac-
cording to the circumstances of the particular
case. But a thousand cases arise from the ac-
tion of the Government and of persons when
some different and more potent engine than
words and fists is required. A man attacked
in his person or his property may drive off the
aggressor by the use of his natural means of
defense. This he may do in the absence or
presence of civil government. It is his natural
right to do so. But a citizen attacked in his
personal liberty or his property by unjust laws,
or by the maladministration of just laws by
corrupt public officers, or by ignorant and in-
competent administrators of the law, must de-
fend himself by resort to other means. What
means shall be placed at his disposal? Abso-
lutists tell us that the love of the monarch for
his subjects will supply the needed remedy; but
as republicans we turn our backs upon this
false theory, and affirm that the means of de-
fense must be plaeed in the keeping of the ciii-
zen. When the monarch forgets (he theoret-
ical love upon which his system is based, and
encroaches upon the rights oi'his subjects, foice
is their resort, and the trial is by battle. We,
in accepting the republican system, are pro-
vided with a more effective and peaceful mode
of redress. We meet encroachments on our
rights with the swift and telling power which
lies iu the ballot. Wo rid ourselves of unjust
laws by disposing of unjust law-makers. We
remedy the evils springing from an improper
administration of our laws by changing our
public officers. We protect our rights by hedg-
ing them about with protective laws made,
practically, by ourselves. These, are all de-
fensive acts, and the weapon by which we
achieve them is the ballot.
Civil Governments were not instituted for the
purpose of depriving men of their natural rights,
butratherfor the better protection ofthese rights.
What were natural rights before, now become
civil rights, and each possessor of them is enti-
tled to aa equal participation in Ihe employ-
ment of the means established for their defense,
except so far as the good of the whole may re-
quire some limitations on this general rule.
But whatever limitations be adopted must al-
ways be just and impartial. Some very proper
limitations do now ovist, while others arc gross
and flagrant violations of every rule of justice
and impartiality, and subversive ofthe ends and
purposes of government. Why should the color
of a man's skin deprive him of the political
right of defense? lie may exercise the natural
right of defense the same as other men whose
skins are of color less objectionable. Natural
law makes no distinctions between its subjects
in this regard. Why should the civil law inter-
pose a different rule? Are not men's rights as
dear and as sacred under civil government, as
they are in the absence of it ? Can we excuse
ourselves in continuing a limitation on the right
of suffrage in the capital of the Republic that
has no justification in reason, justice, or in the
principles on which we profess to have based
our entire political system? Upon this ques-
tion there seems to have been but little differ-
ence of opinion among the men who laid the
foundation and built the superstructure of this
Government. In those days no limitation was
placed upon the enjoyment of the defensive
rights of the cilizen, inelading the right of suf-
frage, on account of the color of the skin, ex-
cept in the State of South Carolina. AH ofthe
other States participating in the formation of
the Government of the United States had some
limitation, based on sex, or age, or property,
placed upon the right of suffrage ; but none of
them so far forgot the spirit of our Constitution,
the great words of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, or the genius of our institutions, as to
inquire into the color of a citizen before allow-
ing him the groat defensive right of the ballot.
It is true, that as the Republic moved off in
its grand course among the nations a change
occurred in the minds and practices of the peo-
ple of a majority of the States. The love of
liberty, because of its own great self, and not
because of its application to men of a particular
color, lost its sensitive character and active vi-
tality. The moral sense of the people became
dormant through the malign influence of that
tolerated enemy to all social and governiental
virtue, human slavery. The public conscience
slumbered, its eyes closed with dollars and its
ears stuffed with cotton. When these things
succeeded the active justice, abounding mercy,
and love of human rights of the earlier days,
State after State fell into the dark line of South
Carolinian oppression, and adopted her anti-
republican limitation of the right of suffrage.
A few States stood firm and kept their faith,
and to-day, when compared with the bruised
and peeled and oppression-cursed State of South
Carolina, stand forth as shining examples of the
great rewards that are poured upon the heads
of the just. Massachusetts and South Carolina,
the one true, the other false to the faith and
ideas of the early life of the nation, should teach
us how safe it is to do right, and how dangerous
I it is to do wrong; how much safer it is to do
i justice than it is to practice oppression.
j But, sir, not the States alone fell into this
| grievous ciror. The General Government took
j its stand upon the side of injustice, and apos-
i tatized from the true faith of the nation, by de-
I priving a portion of its citizens of the politi-
| oal right of self defense, the use of the ballot.
What good has come to us from this apostasy?
Take the history of the municipal government
of this city, and what is there in its pages to
make an American feel proud of the results of
this departure from (he principles of true de-
mocracy ? Is there a worse go\ ernod city in all
the Republic? Where in all the country was
there to be found such evidences of thriftless
dependence as in this city before the cold breath
of the Xorth - wept down here during the rebel-
lion and imparted a little of 11 Yankee" vigor
to its business and population? Where within
the bounds of professed fidelity to the Govern-
ment was true loyalty at a lower ebb and sym-
pathy with the rebellion at higher hood; free-
dom moreliated and emancipation more round-
ly denounced; while troops harder to raise and
black ones more heartily despised; Union vic-
tories more coldly received and reverses pro-
ductive of less despondency than right among
that portion ofthe voting population and its
adjuncts which control the local elections in
this District ? With what complaisance the social
elements of this capital fostered the bruod of
traitors who rushed hence to the service of the
rebellion in 1801. Are these fruits of our
error pleasing?
A few days ago a special election was held
in this city for the purpose of ascertaining the
views of the electors relative to the proposition
we are now considering, to restore to the col-
ored citizens of this District the right of suf-
frage in order that they may defend themselves
against the oppressions of the present ruling
class. The friends of equal rights abstained
from voting. The enemies of impartial suf-
frage cast some seven thousand votes. How
many were fraudulent no man can tell. The
present holders of power decline to divide it. 1
doubt not that these seven thousand votes could
have been polled against the abolition of slavery
in this District. A large majority of those who I
east these votes love slavery and hate freedom.
They love to vote themselves, but thev are op-
posed to extending the same privilege to other |
men. We know they were opposed to email- |
cipation. We know they are opposed lo im- !
partial suffrage. We overrode their desires in
the former case, and the whole loyal portion of
the nation shouted for joy because the capital
of the Republic was made free. I trust we shall
make the country glad in the present case by
again overruling the selfishness of this people,
by placing in each man's hands the power to
defend his own freedom and rights, and at the
same time so reenforee the true men who refused
to participate in the recent election that they,
with the new voting population, can for all time
control the municipal governments of Wash-
ington and Georgetown in the interests of free-
dom, humanity, justice, and the true principles
of popular government.
The seven thousand voters who do not want
other men to vote are not sure that the voice
of the ballot-boxes, which, doubtless, received
many ballots from fingers that have pulled
rebel triggers, will be heeded by us, and
therefore, as is currently reported, many of them
are willing to compromise the difficulty by as-
senting to a repeal of the municipal charters,
and to the government of the two cities by a
commission to be appointed by the President.
This is advancing from bad to worse. When
men will surrender their own rights rather than
respect the rights of others their political de-
moralization is complete. That this political
debasement should exist in the capital of the
Republic is a burning, blistering disgrace, which
demands a speedy and vigorous remedy. This
is not a case in which it is best to ''make haste
slowly.'' The good name of the nation requires
swift justice in our treatment of this worst de-
velopment of pro-slavery bigotry. The remedy
is not to disfranchise those who come forward
and offer to sacrifice their own right to the elect-
ive franchise upon the altar of narrow and dis-
graceful prejudice, but to neutralize the evil use
of the right b4y such persons by extending the
same right to those who will use it well. As a
punishment for so craven a betrayal of the sa-
cred character of the ballot, it might seem just
to inflict a deprivation of its use: but this is
the day of "good feeling" and of pardon, and
we will not punish. 1 would not be vindictive,
I would be just. I do not want to legislate
against the white citizen for the purpose of ad-
vancing the interests of the colored citizen. It
is best to guard against all such legislation. Let
the laws which we pass hero be of such pure re-
publican character that no person can tell from
the reading of them what color is s! amped upon
the faces of the citizens of the United States.
Let us have no class legislation, no class privi-
leges. Let our laws be just and uniform in their
operation. This is the smooth sea upon which
our ship of state may sail; all others are tem-
pestuous and uncertain.
And now, Mr. Speaker, who arc the persons
upon whom this bill will operate, if we shall
place it upon the statute-book of the nation?
They are citizens of the United States and res-
idents of the District of Columbia. It is true
that many of them have black faces, but that
is God's work, and He is wiser than we. Some
of them have faces marked by colors uncer-
tain—that is not God's fault. Tho=e who
hate black men most intensely can tell more
than all others about this mixture of colors.
But, mixed or black, they are citizens of this
Republic, and they have been, and are to-day,
true and loyal to their Government; and this
is vastly more than many of their contemners
can claim for themselves. In this District a
white skin was not the badge of loyalty, while
a black skin was. No traitor breathed the air
of this capital wearing a black skin. Through
all the gradations of trail ors. from Wirz to Jeff
Davis, criminal eyes beamed from white faces.
Through all phases of treason, from the bold
stroke of Lee upon the battle-field to the un-
natural sympathy of those who lived within this
District, but hated the sight of their country's
flag, runs the blood which courses only under
a white surface. While white men were fleeing
from this city to join their fortunes with the
rebel cause, the returning wave brought black
faces in their stead. White enemies went out,
black friends came in. As true as truth itself
