2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
member would be familiar with the name,
[laughter,] the Raritan and Delaware Bay
company were limited,
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
name of the other company.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know. One is
sufficient for my purpose, and I have got the
one I expected to get.
Mr. CHANDLER. Perhaps the Senator
never heard of the Camden -and Amboy.
[Laughter.]
Mr. _ JOHNSON. Yes, I have ; but I do
not think they have anything to do with this
bill. [Laughter.] I da not think they have
prompted it. I am not sure that the other did
not.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
if f lie Camden and Amboy Company are favor-
able to this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are supposed not
to be. [Laughter.]
Mr. J OHNSON. Then the Raritan and
Delaware Bay Company is chartered with lim-
ited powers. If this bill passes and it is oper-
ative, that company will be authorized to do
what it cannot do under its charter. I think
that may be_ considered as perfectly plain as a
legal proposition, and as a proposition clear in
the judgment of the committee, who, 1 suppose,
intended to give to the Raritan and Delaware
Bay Company, among others, some powers
which its charter did not confer.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow me to inquire what are the termini of
the Raritan and Delaware Bay railroad?
Mr. JOHNSON. X do not know.
Mr. HOWARD. It strikes mo that is a very
essential question.
Mr. JOHNSON. If my friend belongs to
the Committee on Commerce, I have 110doubt
he knows both the termini; and if net, his
friend who sits next to him [Mr. Chandler]
can set him right in that particular.
But it will he authorized, if this bill can be
leginmntely passed, to do what it is not au-
thorised to do by its New Jersey charter. If
that be so, then the question broadly presents
itself, can Congress, under any authority which
it, possesses of regulating commerce between
the States, or of establishing post offices and
post roads, exempt one of these companies
from the limitations contained in its charter?
If it can, then the whole country has been
under a delusion upon the subject of this
power; every State in the Union has shared
in that delusion ; every court in every State
in the Union and the Supreme Court of the
UnitedStates have pat taken of the same delu-
sion ; for if never has been questioned (and I
1hink 1 speak with certain knowledge upon the
subject) by any State Legislature, liyany State
judicial tribunal, or by the Supreme Court of
the United States, that a company chartered
by a State to make a railroad may have its
franchise forfeited if it undertakes to exercise
powers not included within its charter. And
of the powers which have heretofore been sup-
posed exclusively vested in the State govern-
ments, that of regulating the tolls which they
may charge, that of regulating the service for
which the tolls may be charged, that of regu-
lating the manner in which the business of the
company shall be conducted, are powers sup-
posed to be exclusively intrusted to the State
governments, or rather, to speak in the spirit
and m the letter of the Constitution of the
United States, they are powers not delegated
to the General Government, and therefore
reserved to the States.
Now, what will this bill do? The charter
of the particular company, the name of which
was given to me by the honorable chairman,
does not authorize the company to carry pas-
sengers and freight as it will he authorized to
carry passengers and freight if this bill passes.
Have we the power to do that? In the first
place, what the bill does is to enlarge a charter
granted by a State; it is amendatory to a State
charter. It assumes, as vested in Congress,
therefore, the power to take into its own hands
Company. The powers conferred upon that, the charters grantedby theseveralStates, and to
""" 1!—-°*-J .modify them just as they think proper, not only
by extending the authority which the charter
may grant, but if, in the judgment of Congress,
at any time hereafter, or now, any of the re-
strictions in those charters are calculated to
interfere with commerce between the States or
to impede the transportation of the mails, they
have the authority to repeal, practically, any
of the limitations in the charter or any of the
powers conferred upon the company by the
charter.
What do those two powers.prove if they ex-
ist? That the charter of every railroad com-
pany of every State in the Union may be mod-
ified by Congress whenever Congress thinks
proper to exert the power of modification either
by enlarging the franchise or by restricting the
franchise. If Congress should, therefore, come
to the conclusion that the tolls which one of
these companies is empowered to charge by its
franchise are too high they can reduce them;
if thoy think they are too low they can increase
them. What power is that? It is the power,
not of establishing a road for the first time by
any inherent authority existing in .Congress, or
any delegated authority existing in Congress to
make roads and canals, but it is an authority
to interfere with the chartered rights of com-
panies established under charters granted by a
State; and that is just what this bill does.
If the gentlemen whose minds are not made
up upon the question will turn to the bill they
will find, I think, that the criticism to which I
am about to subject it is well founded. It is
sweeping in its terms. Every railroad com-
pany in the United States is liable to its pro-
visions. It recites the authority conferred upon
Congress—-I do not give the words now—to
regulate commerce, to establish post roads, to
raise and support armies ; and therefore this
bill is to be enacted under all or any one of the
authorities which Congress by this recital is
correctly said to have. The power to regulate
commerce among the States, to establish post
roads, to raise and support armies, either by
itself or all collectively, are relied upon as show-
ing (hat what is proposed to be done by the
bill is within the power of Congress.
Thcrr/bt e he ' ■ cnacted, dr., Til a t ovory r fi ilroad com-
pany whoso load is operated by steam, its'euecessors
and assigns bo, and is hereby, authorized to carry
upon and over its road, connections, boats, bridges,
and ferries, all passengers, troops, Government sup-
plies, mails, freiriit, and property on tlieir way from
ally btato to another State, and to receive compen-
sation therefor.
Jt assumes, then, stopping there, that there
are railroad companies now operated by steam
that have not the authority to carry over their
roads, &c., property and passengers on the way
from one State to another State, and to receive
compensation therefor. Stopping, therefore,
at that part of the bill as it is now before the
Senate, we are undertaking to give to these
several railroad companies a power which they
have not under their charters—a power which
the bill upon its face assumes that they have
not. Let us see how that will work practically.
In every State in the Union there are to be
found railroads whose termini begin necessa-
rily in the State granting the franchise, and
which often terminate at some point short of
its own territorial line—a railroad from town to
town within a State. We all know that. Do you
mean to take from the States the authority to
charter roads of that description ? I suppose
not. But what is the benefit to the State of
chartering roads of that description if the very
moment they are chartered Congress can say
that, in spite of State legislation and State
policy, a road, both of whose termini are to be
within the State, may disregard its limits and
go anywhere with any passenger or freight that
may be on board of their cars, provided they
be destined eventually to some other State?
But that is not all. You not only give them
the authority to carry freight beyond the ter-
minus of their own road, but you give them the
authority to receive compensation. What sort
of compensation? How is it to be regulated?
Is it to be regulated upon the ground of a quan-
tum meruit ? Can they charge any passenger
just what they please, or jast what the jury of a
State', if it becomes the subject of contest, may
decide to be the value of the service? Can
they charge for freight just what they please,
subject to a like contingency? Under this bill
they can do it, for the bill does not undertake
itself to regulate the charges which the com-
panies may make for performing the service
which they are authorized. by this bill to per-
form, but not authorized by their charters to
perform. Why, sir, thatis at war with the pol-
icy of every State in the Union. It is at war
with an obviously sound policy. Do you mean
to subject the travel of passengers or the trans-
portation of freight to the unlimited demand
which a company may make for either service?
Every State limits the compensation which the
company is authorized to receive ; but this hill
leaves it without limit.
But that is not all. The honorable commit-
tee, of which my friend from Michigan is the
chairman, did not think it was sufficient to
accomplish the purpose they had in view, that
the bill should pass in the form in which it
came from the House of Representatives.
They have, therefore, amended it, and what is
the amendment? The bill, without the amend-
ment, merely gives the power to pass with
passengers or supplies that may be destined
from any State to another State, and to charge
for the transportation ; but this question oc-
curred to the committee evidently, and to the
friends of the measure outside of Congress,
how is a company, limited to some point short
of the territorial line of a State, to carry pas-
sengers or freight destined from its own to
some other State? How can it do it? It. can
only do it in one of two ways: by connecting
. at its own terminus with any road which may
1 start from that terminus to the State line, or,
if there is no such road, then by making a
road; and that is what the committee, if I
understand it, have advised the Senate to pro-
vide. They say, substantially, there are rail-
roads to be found in some of the States which,
under the limitations of their old charters,
will not be able to transport passengers or
freight or supplies on board their own roaus,
for transportation to the extent of their own
limits, destined for other States, unless they
are also authorized—the same company—to
form a connection with some road which will
take the passengers or the freight into another
State. And you propose to give to the com-
pany whose power is limited by its own charter
the authority, if there is no existing road with
which it can connect, to make a connection
by making a road. How is it to be made ? It
can only be made by the exercise of the right
of eminent domain, unless the parties through
whose lands the road is to pass think proper
to cede what may be necessary for thepurposes
of the new road.
What are to be the limitations imposed upon
: the company in the management of the road
that they are thus authorized to make in order
to form a connection between the existing road
and a road in some other State, so as to enable
them to carry passengers and freight destined
for another State? The power that you confer
is a power involved in the general authority
which you give them to connect with roads of
other States in any way and anyhow. You
give them the authority, therefore, under this
act of Congress, without restrict)"on to take pos-
session of the land of a State, to take it away
from its owners, and establish a road of their
as ^ Bai*^ before, after having estab-
lished it to charge for the use of it just what
they may think proper.
Even assuming the authority to belong to
Congress to charter a road, it would be bad
enough if you were to charter a company for
the purpose of making a railroad and giving it
all the powers necessary to accomplish that
purpose, that you should net regulate the man-
