1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4119
was done to the soldiers from Nevada and Cali-
fornia. They were mustered out there. There
was great complaiut about it. It took more
than all the pay they got and all that they could
possibly save "to get back home. The fare is
exceedingly high if they go by means of pub-
lic conveyance; and they could not march it
for a month or six weeks after they were mus-
tered out.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state that in this ease
the evidence was taken by the Military Com-
mittee, full}' considered, and a report made on
it; and I think that similar cases should bo sub-
mitted to the committee for examination before
an appropriation is made.
Mr. GRIMES. Did it appear before the
Committee on Military Affairs that these men
desired to be mustered out there?
Mr. NESM ITU. It appeared that when they
were paraded and the alternative presented to
them of being mustered out then, or retained
two months beyond their time and then marched
to the frontier, they selected to be mustered
out, under the impression that their expenses
would be paid back to the frontier. When they
came to be paid they saw there was a trick in
it, and they found that they had been deceived.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment
proposed bj' the Senator from Michigan?
Mr. SHERMAN. As this will set the ex-
ample for many other cases of this kind, I call
for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the state-
ment made by the Senator from Oregon, this
amendment involves an immediate appropria-
tion of S270,000.
Mr. NESMITH. I would not undertake to
state the exact amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate it is $325 for
each soldier of the regiment; and if the regi-
ment contained nearly a thousand men it would
be in the neighborhood of what he states it to
be. Now, we are told that there are other
regiments in the same predicament. It seems
they chose to be discharged in the dead of
winter, in a remote region, the Government
ottering to transport them home two months
later and give them two months' additional pay.
I am not prepared to enter into the merits of
such a claim as this; but I ask the Senate
whether it has been sufficiently considered and
discussed in the Senate to establish a prece-
dent of this kind, which will undoubtedly lead
to other claims of the same sort, which cannot
be rejected if this should be adopted. I trust,
therefore, the Senate will detach this proposi-
tion from this bill. Let it be considered purely
as a military measure in a separate bill. This
is an appropriation bill for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government. It is now proposed
to make it pay the expense of transportation
of the military service. If that is done, then
the title of the bill is incongruous; it has no
connection with the bill itself or the character
of the appropriations provided for by it. I
trust that the Senate will at this stage of the
session keep oif all these extraneous matters.
There will be no trouble in the Senator getting
up a separate bill for this claim, and discussing
and passing it, as a separate proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. This appropriation has
been recommended by General Sherman and
all the officers acquainted with the facts of the
case. Those men are in a destitute condition
for want of these means. As this is the only
chance we shall have of doing justice to these
brave men, who served all of them four years,
and some five years, during the war, and did
more gallant lighting, perhaps, than any other
cavalry regiment, I hope this little, simple act
of justice will bo done them now, in the last
hours of the session, on this bill.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on
the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON (who had at first voted in
the atlirmative) said: I should like to know
what is the amount this amendment will take
out of the Treasury. I was under the impres-
sion, from the statement made by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] that it would
be only some seventeen or eighteen hundred
dollars; but I understand now that it is nearly
three hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; no such sum.
It is a very small regiment. I do not know
the precise amount.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment will give
to each soldier $325, less the amount he re-
ceived at the time he was mustered out, not
more than $207 to each soldier.
Mr. CHANDLER. It.was a very small regi-
ment ; I think perhaps not more than three hun-
dred men, all told.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to change my
vote. I vote "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 22. nays
16 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness.Creswcll. Davis,
Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Lane, McDou-
gall, Morrill. Nesinith, Nye, Pomcroy, liamsey,
Jto-s, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and
Yfitcs-~22.
_ NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Clark, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Chimes, Guthrie,
Henderson, Johnson, Kirkwood, Morgan, Sherman,
Van Winkle, nnd Williams—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Cragin, Dixon,
Fowler, Norton, Poland, ltiddte, Saulsbiu-y, Trum-
bull, Willcy, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the bill
on page 2, after line twenty-seven, by adding
the following:
Provided, That the building shall bo constructed
in accordance with the plan prescribed by the joint
resolution of Congress, as exemplified in the construc-
tion of the south wing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to
read the whole clause as it will stand if
amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
For completion of north wing of Treasury exten-
sion, and grading and fencing grounds, $300,000:
Provided, That the building shall he constructed in
accordance with the plan prescribed in th'; joint, res-
olution of Congress, as exemplified in the construc-
tion of the south wing.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, this build-
ing, which is one of the most superb on the
face of the earth, was planned after much de-
liberation. The plans were accepted, after
much deliberation, by a committee of both
Houses of Congress, and the plans were certi-
fied by the chairmen of the two Committees on
Public Buildings and Grounds. The building
in its progress has been varied in several in-
stances from that plan, and every departure
has been to its injury. Every Senator will
recollect the face of the building toward the
President's House. On the roof, instead of a
balustrade, which the most uninstructed eye can
see is necessary to the finish of it, there is a
row of tin or galvanized iron leaves, which I
will venture to say no person ever saw before
or since upon any other building. This was
as much a violation of the act of Congress as
it was a violation of all the rules of architect-
ure and good taste. I am credibly informed
that when that hideous deformity was put upon
the roof, the balustrade, according to the plan
adopted by Congress and by which those in-
trusted with the construction of the building
were bound, was upon the ground, the stone
cut and paid for: and it has now been put
around the sides of the inclosure that protect
the basement of the building. I ought to say
that the present architect of the building is in
no degree responsible for these and some other
deformities. Ho is an exceedingly competent
and intelligent gentleman in his profession, and
he has told me that he considered those depart-
ures from the original plan a great mistake
and a great defect; and ho proposes to build
it as this amendment requires; but nobody
knows how long he will be there.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to ask the
Senator by whose authority the change was
made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know by whose
authority it was done. I think it was in viola-
tion of the law of Congress; but it was done;
and I wish to have some protection against any
further alterations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt il was
done by the architect.
Mr. ANTHONY. Every architect thinks as
a matter of course that he must do something
to show that his predecessor did not know any-
thing about his business. That is the reason
why we have this room constructed exactly
upon the principle of a hot-house, merely be-
cause the subsequent architect thought that he
must discard the plans of his predecessor. I
have already said that I design no reflection
upon the present architect, who is, I think, a
very competent person, and who entirely agrees
with me on this subject, although I did not men-
tion to him that I should propose the amend-
ment. My only object is to protect the build-
ing from barbarous violations of taste. If the
present plan is not the best one, it can be al-
tered by the same authority that ordained it;
but it should not be altered by any less au-
thority.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have one other amend-
ment I should like to propose : and that is on
page 22, line live hundred and twenty-one, to
strike out the word "brick'' and insert the
word "granite;" so that the clause will read:
For the purpose of erecting on the public land
adjacent to the Treasury Department, a fire-proof
granite building to afford additional room for the
Treasury Department, $200,000.
All the public buildings that have been
erected latteily have been erected of the most
substantial materials ; but here is a building
to be erected adjoining the Treasury building
and for the purposes of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and it ought to be in the same style and
the same character. It should lie of enduring
materials and should be built, of granite.
Mr. GRIMES. Isthatforthcprintingoffice?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; for the Treasury
Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. Itistobeaprintingoffice.
I will state that the plans and specifications
for this building submitted to us contemplate a
modest building, rather out of the view of the
Treasury building, for thepurpose of the Treas-
ury printing. The plans are that it be in brick,
and the Department prefer that it be made of
brick; aud to require them to build it of gran-
ite, it seems to me, would be a very unreasonable
requirement simply because granite is a better
material.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would strike out brick
and let them build it as they choose.
Mr. SHERMAN. They must build it ac-
cording to the plans and specifications.
Mr. GIMMES. The best way would bo to
strike it all out.
Mr. ANTHONY*. I would rather strike it,
all out if it is considered too expensive to build
it as it ought to be bnilt, and let us wait until
Ave can build it to correspond with the present
building.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will slate that there was
some doubt about this matter in committee, and
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Guthrie,] who takes great pride in the super-
vision ot the Treasury extension, it having
been commenced while he was Secretary,went
up there and examined the plans and the site,
and lie became satisfied that not only the site
pioposed, but the plans and the material desig-
nated, were the best that could be used.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will bow to his de-
cision.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The advantage of making
this building of brick is that it can be built
within the year, and they want it at once for
the printing establishment. It would bo a great
convenience and advantage to them to have it.
They will then have ample room. By building
it of brick, they will get the building this year ;
but they will not get it for three years if it is
built of granite.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the amendment to be withdrawn.
| Mr. ANTHONY. I thought the ground of
; opposition to my motion was economy; but if
; it is put merely on the ground of time, vre have
I done without this addition for a great while,
