J 866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3159
the dream of his wildest ambition of conquest
and of empire in thisNew W" orld—a dream which
he inherited from the slaveholding aristocracy
of the South, who, in their mad ambition,
■would have embraced all Mexico and all the
countries around the Gulf of Mcxieo and the
Caribbean sea, in the idea that they would
thus hold within tlioir embrace all the cotton-
growing lands, the sugar-growing lands, the
coffee-growing lauds, and the* rice-growing
lands of that great portion of the world. That
Napoleon, in the dream of his ambition, ex-
pected to advance his interests in that direc-
tion I have no doubt; but, sir, that dream has
failed. What was that dream based upon? It
was based upon the idea that the Republic of
the United States was overthrown; that the
union of these States was broken; that the
States which constilnted this great Republic
■were dissevered, belligerent, and that they
were dissevered forever, and could not be uni-
ted; and because he believed that, he took the
occasion as his opportunity to sei/.e upon Mex-
ico to establish his power in the New Wot Id,
and I doubt not with the dream of extending
the empire of the Latin race and resisting
the extension of the Anglo-Saxon toward the
south. But, sir, that dream has utterly failed.
The union of these States is not broken, thanks
to the superintending providence of Almighty
God, first of all, who inspired the hearts of
our people and their patriotism to stand fast,
by the Government of the United States and
its institutions: and next do we owe it to our
brave and skillful officers, and the men under
their command, that we saved the union of
these States. Our Union is unbroken. Our
flag waves over every foot of the Republic, not
a star obscured nor a stripe era-ed. Every
"State is still within this Union, and the great
Republic composed of the United States ol'
America stands before the world this day in
the full panoply of its power both on the land
and on the sea.
Napoleon has been awakened from his dream
by another consideration. liy the armies w hich
we have raised, by the power which wc have
exhibited, lie lias awakened from his dream of
ambition and has leai ned that when the Amer-
ican people will it he cannot hold Mexico if lie
would.
Having awakened to these two facts, that the
Republic still lives, the Union still unbroken,
and the military power of the United States
such that no Power on the face of the earth
can contend with us on this continent, he now
avails himself of the eventualities which are
arising in Europe, and which he has foreseen,
to give those assurances, which are received
by this Government, that his troops will cer-
tainly be withdrawn from Mcxieo. I know
that, in connection with those assurances, it
was given out that the troops of Austria were
to be forwarded to Mexico to take the place
of the French legions as they should be with-
drawn. It has been published in the newspapers
in Europe, and republished in this country, that
the American Government, by a positive pro-
test to the Austrian Government, has author-
ized its minister to demand his passports in
ease a single soldier should be sent from Aus-
tria into Mexico ; and it is said by the press
that the Austrian Government, surrounded as
it is by those terrible dangers which threaten
the very existence of the Austrian empire,
under these circumstances has yielded to our
demand, and not a soldier is to be sent to
Mexico to take the place of the French ; anil
from all hands, we hear it coming from the city
of Mexico, coming from Paris, that the orders
are already given for the concentration and the
removal of the French troops from Mexico.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin what is the cxact in-
formation in that respect. I doubt it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I read yesterday—per-
haps the Senator was not in his seat—a letter
from a gentleman in the city of Mexico, 01 high
standing and position there, on this subject.
Mr. McDQ UGALL. I was not informed of
that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A letter from Paris has
been read this morning by my honorable friend
from New York on the same subject.
Now, Mr. President, I stand as firmly by
what is called the Monroe docirine as the Sen-
ator from Ohio or the Senator from Kentucky.
I believe in that doctrine as it was laid down
by the men of that day, and to the extent to
which they laid it down. But, sir, I maintain
that it is equally clear that we should endeavor
to enforce that doctrine and give it efficacy by
our moral power, if we can do it, without a
resort to arms. First, we should rely on out-
moral power. It is the best power to be exer-
cised in the management of affairs among na-
tions. It is by far the most humane exercise
ol' power. The war power is only to bo called
into exercise in the direst contingencies and
only in the last resort. If the moral power of
our position, a united Republic, regenerated,
reinvigorated by the war nself, shall have llie
effect to make Napoleon withdraw his troops
from Mexico without our resorting to arms,
huw much better will it be lor our Republic,
if we can avoid war, it is our first and chief
duty to avoid it now. Wo desire 110 war with
any nation on the face of the earth. Peace is
our duty and our policy, and it is only in a case
of dire necessity that we should draw the sword.
We have just passed through a war which has
cost us hull'a million lives and £3,(>00.01)0,000,
and let us rest upon the stern necessities which
we have experienced in that, and not madly
rush into another war with France or vnth
England or any other nation unless necessity
shall drive it upon us.
Had wc at once embarked in war with France
I doubt whether we should not have been in-
volved at the same moment in a war with Eng-
land. France being in Mexico with her troops
upon the south ; England being upon the uoith,
one flanking us upon the right, the other flank-
ing us upon the left, we might have been in-
volved in wai under circumstances that would
have occasioned us an immense expenditure
of blood and treasure before wo reached the
end; audit might possibly have involved the
very existence of the Republic itself. But if
now we can see our way through these compli-
cations, if we can see that France is withdraw-
ing her troops lVom Mexjeo, and that Austria
is declining to send any more legions into Mex-
ico ; in short, that Mexico is to be left to her-
self to work out her own destiny, it is far bet-
ter for us than to be involved in conflict with
France, with England, or with Mexico. Cer-
tainly we do not desire the acquisition of Mex-
ico at the present time, if ever. We have ter-
ritory enough for us to exercise all the powers
of statesmanship that we possess to develop,
to solidify, and to improve our institutions,
and to extend the benefits of peace, prosper-
ity, happiness, and union, and the love of the
Union among our own people and throughout
oar own States.
Mr. President, I hope we shall not allow the
views which we may have entertained of France
and the proceeding's of the Government of
France in sending their troops into Mexico—
a proceeding which the public judgment of the
American people has unqualifiedly condemned
—to influence our votes in determining the
question pending before the Senate. 1 hope
that wo shall look upon this as an industrial
exhibition, where industry, the arts of peace,
are to be exhibited, and where our people may
be permitted to show wherein they have ex-
celled all other nations in their inventions and
in the arts of peace.
I agree with the Senator from Kentucky
that the influence which we should exert 01;
this continent slionld not only be in behalf of
Mexico, but in behalf of all the republics of
South America. For myself, sir, I would have
been entirely satisfied had Commodore Rod-
gers, on board the Monadnock, taken the re-
sponsibility and said to the Spanish fleet tli.it
not a shot should be fired upon Valpaiaiso
until he had furtlter orders and further instrne-
, tions from the Go*, eminent at home. 1 would
i have justified him in that if he had taken the
responsibility. But, sir, that, is past. T l®ow
that the time is pressing upon this Republic
when perhaps the old doctrine, as applied to
us, of absolute non-intervention in the affairs
of other nations, will have to be departed
from. The time may come when we shall be-
come so much and so intimately allied with the
other nations of the world that we may some-
times be called upon to intervene.
When this doctrine of ours of non-interven-
tion was first declared, we were a feeble petfftle,
separated by the ocean from the other civilized
Powers of the earth; but the great inventions
of modern times, steam and the use of it, both
upon the sea and the laud, have made us the
nearest neighbors of some of the civilized
Powers. From the responsibilities of the po-
sition in which we are now placed from the fact
that we possess this power both physical and
moral, fiom the fact of our intimate relations
wiih the nations ol'the earth, we may, I say, in
the providence of God. have that responsibil-
ity thrown upon us when we cannot always say
that we will not intervene in thealfairs of other
nations around us. The time may come when
if Franco unjustly persists in holding Mexico,
or Spain unjustly attacks the l'eeblc republics
of South America, we may be called upon to
intervene, not only by our moral power, but
even bv arms, to prevent the outrage, in the
name of humanity and for the benefit of hu-
manity.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President., it, is not
often that 1 have so much occasion to differ with
my friend lroiti Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolitti.e,]
but on this subject we differ radically. The Holy
Alliance was an effort of which the present
movement in Europe is the counterpart. The
movement, of France in Mexico is a counterpart
of the movement upon Valparaiso and Callao.
\\ itli this matter, perhaps, the Senator from
Y\ isconsin may not be conversant,. There is a
determination on the part of certain forces ill
Europe to subjugate Spanish America, and,
among other possessions, the State wherein I
inhabit. I had occasion to say this in the Sen-
ate before. Louis Napoleon, in the opening
of the war, pretended that he only wanted to
demand a small amount of money, and he
in\ited the United States and Spain and Eng-
land to join him. 'They all agreed to do so
except our own Government. Our Govern-
montrefused. The fleets of the three other
Slates came into the Gull of Mexico ; but the
Englhh and Spanish fleets withdrew and re-
turned to their own countries. Louis Napo-
leon wrote to General Forey, who was his com-
mander-in-chief at that time: ''My policy is
to circumscribe the great republic of North
America. They are growing too large and too
powerful, and I want to throw a force in that
will limit their extension." That was the sub-
stance. The letter I read on this floor before.
The policy of Louis Napoleon has been one of
exO-eme hostility to the Republic of the Uni-
t ed States. The republican sentiment of France
is with the United States. He has undertaken
to establish an aristocratic sentiment, and for
that reason he placed Maximilian, who was
related to the iron crown of Charlemagne, in
Mexico, making a worse mistake than he who
is called his uncle did when he disavowed his
true wife and married Marie fherese.
Louis Napoleon is the worst enemy that
the republican people of the United Stales and
of the world have, seeking to ally himself by
strength with aristocracy. He started as a re-
publican first: he became a Carbonari, known
as such throughout Italy; then, not. being able
to maintain himself as a Carbonari, because
his wife, a Spanish woman, was an intense
devotee of the Roman churchy ami as the high
bishops and high churchmen of France rebelled
he had to change his base ; he became then, '
instead of "new Italy,'^for •' old Italy.'' Once
he supported Victor Emmanuel in order to
make a young Italy. Now he dare not lay his
word in favor of Venctin.
There are great underlying questions in this
very proposition, and the American people
have no business to recognize him in any form
