1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LAW RES CE, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed—ayes 01, noes 35.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE ARSENAL EXPLOSION.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I might as well give
notice that the proposition which I have now
to present contains an appropriation, .so that
liere is a good opportunity for gentlemen who
are watch-dogs of the Treasury ''to be on their
guard."
Mr. COXTCLIXG. I suppose we can reserve
any point of order about its going to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
until we hear what it is.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There was a resolution
sent to the C ommittee for the District of Colum-
bia instructing them to make inquiry in regard
to the sufferers by the late explosion at the
United States arsenal in this city. The com-
mittee found that ten persons were killed by
that explosion, several of them leaving widows
dependent on them for subsistence, and one of
them leaving ten children, seven ol whom are
dependent on the widow.
This explosion occurred without any fault
or negligence on the part of these workmen,
and they were not enlisted men, but hired em-
ployes of the Government. The committee
having considered all the circumstances and the
necessities in each ease, have determined^ to
report to the House a joint resolution proposing
a small appropriation for the benelit of the sur-
vivors and the widows of those who were killed.
They find that it has been customary where
such explosions have occurred, for Congress to
make an appropriation for those who survive.
In the case of pri\ate corporations, railroad
corporations, and others, where by accident,
employes are killed, it is Irequcntly the case lor
appropriations to be made tor the benelit ot
their families; and in this case the committee
propose that $2,500 shall be appropriated.
The joint resolution lor the relief of the suf-
ferers by the late explosion at the U mted Staics
arsenal in the District of Columbia was read
a first and second time.
It appropriates $2,500 to be placed by the.
Secretary of the Treasury in the hands of
Colonel Denton, the commandant of the United
States arsenal in the District ol Columbia, to
be distributed by him among the sufferers by
the late explosion according to the equities and
necessities of their several cases, and directs
the said superintendent to report the details of
said distribution to Congress with vouchers
therefor.
The joint resolution was ordered (o lie en-
grossed and read a third time; and bem;'
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. ,
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GREAT THLI.S ICE COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
House No. 231, to incorporate the Great halls
Ice Company of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia.
The bill was read.
Mr. CONKLIXG. I should like to hear
some reason assigned why special legislation
of this kind should be had to create an ice
company. , .
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is nothing more ihan
a proposition to aggregate capital to carry out
the object of the bill, which is to maintain a
good supply of ice for the benefit of the peo-
ple of this District,.
Mr. CONKLIXG. Why not have a com-
pany incorporated to build meat markets and
grist-mills and other things ofthat sort in W ash-
ington?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe there are cor-
porations of this character in the gentleman's
own State. 1 know they have them in my
State.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No icc companies in
New York?
Mr. CONKLIXG. We have no ice com-
pany in New York under a spccial charter.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. Well, you have them
under a general law, which is the same thing.
Mr. COXKLTXG. I desire to say a few
words on this bill.
Mr. JXGERSOLL. For how long a time?
Mr. COXKLIXG. A few minutes.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I cannot yield unless
the gentleman will specify the time he wants._
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. JLxgegsoll] can resume the iloor at
any time.
Mr. JXGERSOLL. Very well; I will yield.
Mr. CONKLIXG. I desire to say that if the
object of this House is to enable the residents
of this city to supply themselves with ice cheaply,
the way which suggests itself to my mind is to
leave that business open to competition just as
the business of selling meat, vegetables, groce-
ries, or oilier family supplies, is open. If, on the
contrary, this House desires, in the first place,
to inaugurate a system of special legislation for
the benefit of favored persons, this bill is an
excellent way, and this is an excellent time to
commence or continue that practice. And es-
pecially is this a good proposition, if the House
wishes, in place ol'furnishing ice to the, people
of Washington, to establish a monopoly which
will enable certain men whose names are in this
bill and their friends to make great profits out
of the business of vending icc.
A nil think that some time a motion shouldbe
made to change the title of this bill, unless fheie
is some special excuse for it which does not
occur to me, so as to make it read, "A bill to
raise the price of ice," to begin wiih, ^"in the
city of Washington, and to insure profit which
cauiio.t otherwise be bad in that business to the
peisons herein named.''
Now, for one, I am entirely opposed to this
whole matter. If anything of this sort is neces-
sary. let us pass a general Jlaw, such as the
gentleman says exists in New ^ ork and in
other States, under which companies may or-
ganize for necessary purposes. But do notjet
us have a monopoly, to the end that still fur-
ther extortion may occur than now takes place
in the city of Washington, in regard to one ot j
the luxuries, if not one of the necessaries, of j
I am reminded by a friend ofsomethi ng which
I thought T observed while the bill was being
read, but I was nor, eerlain of it. It is pro-
vided in this bill, if I am not mistaken, that
this company shall sell ice in Washington ''and
elsewhere.'' Is not it so stated m the bill?
' 'Mr. IXGERSOLL. I should not be sur-
prised if it was. .
Mr. COXKLIXG. I should not be surprised
either. And 1 may add that I should not be
surprised at anything, as an invention^ ostpn-
sibly for the, benefit of the people of this city.
This whole system is vicious, and ought to be
reduced to some general provision open to the
world, so that all can understand it.
I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. The gentleman is per-
fectly welcome. This proposition does not
interfere in the least with any piivate enter-
prise in the world. His friends or anybody else
can go on with the ice business to an_v extent
they may please. This bill does not, affect that
matter one way or the other. It simply does
this: where a large amount of capital is required
for the accumulation of ico in the winter, and
housing it for use in the summor, it gives tho
necessary facilities for that purpose, nothing
more. And this ice business does require a
greater amount of capital than is at the dis-
posal of any single individual who may have
any enterprise in that direction. And this bill
proposes, and that, is the only proposition, to
enable capital to be supplied and used by a
corporation. And if a bill of this kind should
come before any northern Legislature you
would not hear any objection to it. And the
only objection to it here is because it is in the
District of Columbia. Sir, I have heard enough
of such objections.
This is the capital of the United States; and
if you intend that it shall continue to he the
seat of tho national Government, then treat it
as becomes the representatives of a great peo-
ple at their national capital. That is what I
have to say with regard to that point. I main-
tain that no more franchises are allowed, citi-
zens of this city than are allowed to citizens
elsewhere ; and for one, [ am opposed to with-
holding from the people of the city of Wash-
ington any right that I would extend to tho
people of my own town.
Mr. SLOAX. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Sir. IXGERSOLL. I do not wish any in-
terruption upon a question of so little impor-
tance as this.
Mr. SLOAN. I merely wish to ask tha
gentleman a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. SLOAX. Is it true that this bill will
allow this company to establish the ico business
in any of the Slates?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. No, sir; it is not,true.
Mr. SLOAN. If the company have the right
to sell ice "elsewhere," they may establish
business in any State.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. They may establish it
.hero, and that is all.
Mr. COXKLING. May I inquire of tho
gentleman where 4' elsewhere'' is found on th@
map of this country?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I have never examined,
that subject with a. reference to this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a matter of very
little importance to an} bod}r except the citi-
zens of W ashington, none, ol whom, I am sure,
have objected, and to the gentlemen who ask
to be incorporated, that they may aggregate
their capital and perhaps make a little money
—how much I do not know and do not care,
provided thev do not practice extortion upon
the people, "l believe that, instead of raising
the price of ice, the incorporation of this com-
pany will tend to reduce the price.
Gentlemen talk about the " extortion prac-
ticed in this city. I will say that I have resided
here during the large portion ol five years,
and I knowiiotliing of" extortion" here with
regard to'the price of anything. [Laughter.]
1 challenge gentlemen to name a single thing
the price of which is in excess ol the price
in the eitv of New York.
Mr GUIXNELL. House rent.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. No, sir; house rents
are hicher in the city ol New York than here.
Mr.GRIXNELL. Bui the houses in New
York are not shanties.
Mr. 1NG ERSOLL. The houses are no bet-
ter there than here at the same rents; for I have
examined that subject. Board is no higher here
than elsewhere. [Laughter.] .
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman is dea.i
with here in such away as to enable him to say
that, I do not blame him for advocating the
interests of this city. The rest of us have not
had the same agreeable experience as the gen-
tleman from Illinois. , T j
Mr. IXGERSOLL. Well, sir, I am tieatea
like a gentleman everywhere.
Mr. Speaker, this bill contains no extraor-
dinary provisions. I am surprised that it has
excited so much feeling here. I can imagine
no reason why it should encounter opposition.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman allow
me to make one very quiet, remark?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir. Mr. Speaker,
