1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQfBl.
were these poor men to the cause of this
imperiled nation. We know, and the world
knows, how little cause we had given for this
intense devotion. Our heel had been that of
the oppressor upon the necks of this people for
a century. Our statutes, defying our Consti-
tution, had made a hounding mass of our white
population to hunt down the fleeing bondmen.
Our flag was no emblem of freedom to thenr.
No home, nor wife, nor child, nor hour of rest,
nor moment of devotion belonged to them.
They toiled and groaned and wore out their
lives, not knowing that the stern face of the
Government, always turned upon them disfig-
ured by a frown, could ever wear a smile. Then-
past was a blank, their present a burden, their
future the grim promise of increased oppres-
sion. Their dark, patient faces were but em-
blematic of the black blank which life's lottery
held for them. We had no right to demand of
them devotion; and they had no cause for of-
fering it to us. But how greatly to-day are we
their debtor!
The hour of our trial came. The pampered
sons of the nation sounded the notes of war.
Armies of white-faced traitors pressed us sorely
on every hand; not because they had been op-
pressed, for they had controlled the Govern-
ment. We tried to preserve peace with them,
and as a part of the price we offered to make
our oppression of the colored race perpetual.
Our terms were spumed, our faces were slapped,
war was pressed upon us defiantly, insolently,
and we were forced to draw the sword to save
ourselves. The hosts poured in on either side for
battle. The men beneath our heel cried out to
us, " Let us help you." Weanswered, "No;"
picked them up and threw them, all dangling
with chains, into the linos pf our foes. But they
would not stay. They would be faithful, would
be true, in spite of us. We ordered our forces
to turn them back, and told them our soldiers
were their enemies. They heeded not this mad-
ness, but wherever they found a suffering sol-
dier of the Republic they ministered to his every
need to the fullest extent of their humble ability.
Did he need food, they divided theirscanty store
with him; did he need shelter, they found for
him that which was safe; did he need a guide,
they gave up their hours of rest and led him
through forest and swamp to the lines of the
Union; always friendly, never false.
Through experience we gained wisdom. The
time came when we lifted our lieel and called
On the oppressed to help us save the nation
which had been so cruel to them. They needed
not a second call, bat responded to the first,
two hundred thousand strong. From this Dis-
trict more than a fair proportion of black men
went into the Army. Three thousand five hun-
dred and forty-nine marched out from this Dis-
trict to defend the nation. They look the risks
which justly belonged to the white residents
who now offer to give up their own right to vote
rather than have the same right conferred on
the colored men of the District. As well as
they could, perhaps not as efficiently as the white
troops, but at least as well as they could, and
in many cases as well as any could, these col-
ored troops discharged their duties as soldiers
of the Government which had oppressed them so
sorely, so wantonly. Many of them are buried
with "their white comrades on scores of battle-
fields. Wherever we have trusted them they
have been true. Why will we 'not deal justly
by them? Why shall we not, in this District,
where the first effective legislate v e bio w fell upon
slavery, declare that .these suffering, patient,
devoted friends of the Republic shall have the
Eower to protect their own rights by their own
allots? Is it bccause they are ignorant ? Sir,
we are estopped from that plea. It comes too
late. We did not make this inquiry in regard
to the white voter. It is only when we see a man
with a dark skin that we think of ignorance.
Let us not stand on this now in relation to this
District. The fact itself is rapidly passing
away; for there is no other part of the popula-
tion of the District so diligent in the acquisi-
tion of knowledge as the colored portion. In
spite of the difficulties placed in their pathway
to knowledge by the white residents, the col-
ored people, adults and children, are pressing
steadily on. Their schools are well supported
and well attended, and, aside from this, the^e
people- always knew enough to be true to the
Government. They have labored and suffered
for the common cause in every way possible for
men to labor and suffer. And here let us re-
member that it is not always the ignorant man
who makes the unsafe voter. The vicious man
is the unsafe voter. The educated rebel voted
against the best interests of the country long
before he took up arms to destroy the Govern-
ment which protected him. A man who loves
his country and feels a personal interest in the
success of free institutions will never make a
dangerous voter, though he may not be able to
read. The free white voters, however well they
can read, who destroyed the orphan asylum in
New York city, are far more dangerous to the
permanency of free institutions than would be
the liberty-loving colored men of this city ii
they should be intrusted with the ballot. And
the case is quite as strong against the pardoned
rebel whose hands are still red with the blood
of murdered loyal soldiers, and whose heart is
filled with bitterness toward the Government
which has forced him to submit to its authority.
While such men are allowed to vote, why should
we close the doors against citizens who have
always been true, and who have manifested, and
still manifest, the most devoted attachment to
the Government?
But, sir, these men arc not all ignorant. Some
of them are highly educated, while many of
them are possessed of greater educational qual-
ifications than have yet been suggested as a lim-
itation upon the right of suffrage, and very many
more come quite up to the proposed standard.
And right here a few facts concerning^ the re-
sults the colored people of this District have
accomplished relative to their property, educa-
tional, religious, and other interests, may not
be unprofitable.
The number of colored inhabitants in the
District, according to the census of 1800, was
fourteen thousand three hundred and sixteen.
This number has increased since that time, but
to what extent I am not now able to state.
The value of real and personal property now
owned by them is o^ er one million two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
The value of church property held by them
is about one hundred and twenty-live thousand
dollars, consisting of twenty-one churches,
which are supported at a cost of over twenty
thousand dollars per annum. The number ot
church communicants is four thousand three
hundred, while the average attendance upon
religious services is nine thousand, some of
these being attendants upon service at Catholic
and Episcopal churches controlled by whites.
The number of Sabbath schools for eoloredper-
sons is twenty, attended by between three and
four thousand pupils.
Of other schools for colored children there
are thirty-three, and the number of pupils at-
tending them during the month of November,
18G5, was four thousand and thirty. Six of these
schools are entirely supported by the colored
people, others are supported by the generosity
of northern benevolent societies, though the
necessary books, stationery, &c., are furnished
chiefly by the colored people themselves.^
Four thousand of the colored population of
the District can read and write. They subscribe
for about four thousand five hundred copies of
newspapers, a largo proportion of these being
dailies.
Of societies for literary, benevolent, and other
purposes, they have over thirty, and through
the agency of these they, to a very great extent,
provide for and support the needy and infirm
| of their race in the District, the city govern-
ment having but a very small per cent, of col-
| ored paupers to support.
j This is the record of a class of citizens in
this community, ninety per cent, of which were
| slaves or the immediate descendants of slaves.
I many having purchased their own freedom and
1 that of their families.
IVken pjs a class the people who, have.accoin-
plished these results surely show themselves
possessed of enough of the^ leaven of thrift,
education, morality, .and religion to render it
safe for us to make the experiment of impartial
suffrage here. Let us make the trial. A failure
can work no great harm; for to 11s belongs the
power to maJke any change which the future
may show to be necessary. How can we. tell
whether success or failure, shall be;the fruit of
a practical application of the principles upon
which our institutions rest unless we put tihem
to a fair test? Give every man a fair chance
to show how well he can discharge the duties
of fully recognized citizenship. This is the
way to solve the problem, and m no other way
can it be determined. That success will attend
the experiment I do not doubt. Others be-
lieve the result will prove quite the reverse..
Who is right and who wrong can be ascer-
tained only by putting the two opinions to a
practical test. The passage of this bill will
furnish this test, and to that end I ask for it
the favorable consideration of this House.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, however atro-
cious some gentlemen in this House may pro-
nounce the sentiment that this is a white man's
Government, and although I have lately heard
in this Hall even the spirit of the illustrious dead
condemned to everlasting fire for denying while
upon earth the equality of the races, I am con-
strained notwithstanding to assume the respon-
sibility of a respectful but firm and earnest op:
position to this bill. I am opposed to it, sir,
not only upon special and local grounds, hut
also upon the broad general principle that this
is, and of right ought to be, a white man's Gov-
ernment.
Sir, it is proposed by this bill to confer the
elective franchise upon the colored population
of the District of Columbia, and to elevate at
once, without any qualification or preparation,
a heterogeneous mass of about thirty thousand
negroes and mulattocs to a complete political
equality with the white inhabitants. It is pro-
posed to do this, too, in opposition to the known
wishes of a large majority of the citizens of the
District, and in the face of an election held here
only a iew days ago in which the vote against
negro suffrage was nearly unanimous.
In the two corporations composing the Dis-
trict of Columbia the vote polled stood as fol-
lows :
Washington.
Against negro suffrage OiSoG
lror negro suffrage  35
Total vote <5.591
Georgetown.
Against negro suffrage 712
For negro suffrage 1
Total vote vl?
It is in vain to say that this election was not
ordered by competent authority, and ought
therefore be disregarded. No matter by what
authority it took place, it was the expression
of popular sentiment by a vote larger than is
usually polled at the ordinary municipal elec-
tions. In the city of Washington it exceeded
by 871 votes the aggregate vote cast at the
last election for mayor in 1864; and is in ex-
cess over the preceding vote for mayor, in 1802,
as many as 1,775. It cannot therefore be said
that the election was not a full expression of
public opinion on the part of the voters of the
! city of Washington. And so unanimous was
! this popular verdict that the result would not bo
] changed if you were to count against the ma-
I jority all the colored inhabitants who, if the
I present bill were a law. -would probably be en-
j tilled to a vote.
j I do not dispute the power of Congress to
! regulate the elective franchise within the limits
' of°the District of Columbia. But I do deny
! the moral right of Congress to pass this bill.
I opposed as it is to the will of the people, and
| therefore in violation of the fundamental prin:
[ eiple of popular government. Gentlemen who
j represent Stales upon this floor profess, I pre-
; sume, one and all, to represent the sentiments of
