THE 00 J^GRESSIOK"AL7 GLOBE.
June 14,
of^ower. This amendment is simply declining
■to recognize him as one of the Powers of
Europe with our consent. If we want to com-
pliment our worst enemy, the resolution is well;
if we want to ignore our worst enemy, then
otherwise. I think, with all the carefulness I
can bestow upon the thought, that he is the
worst enemy we have and the worst enemy of
free institutions. He is a false man. He
proved it by turning Carbonari and undertak-
ing to maintain republican institutions when
he had no such intention. He went to Paris
after he was permitted to return and was elected
to a place in the Chambers. He then raised
"the Napoleon" cry, which has been a popular
cry in France as we all know, and he made a
coup d'etat; he became first President and then
Emperor. His intention from the first was to
be Emperor. He hunted up the conclusion in
the castle at Ham when he lay there in prison.
He is probably the worst man in the world, and
certainly the worst enemy of true republican
institutions.
Now, I am with the Senator from Iowa. I
would like to send some gentlemen to this Ex-
hibition at Paris. I would rather pay them
out of my private purse, if I had the money,
than pay any compliment to this Emperor. I
do hold, and X think that our country should
hold, that he is the worst enemy of our coun-
try that there is now extant. He lias said in
his public letters that his policy is to circum-
scribe this Republic.
Mr. MORRILL. Are you for this amend-
ment?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say that it would be
just as well, by way of observation and by way
of commentary and by way of remark, to
adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, for we have no right to like that man or
the Government where he at present obtains
authority, but where I say he will not rule two
years from now.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, L think the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. G-kimes] must certainly
be amused at the debate that has taken place
upon his amendment. That Senator has a
great deal of dry humor in him, and he must
have enjoyed himself exceedingly during the
twenty-four hours of this exhibition.
The industries of the world propose to hold
an international Exposition in Paris, the capi-
tal of the_ French nation. Louis Napoleon,
of course, is more or loss connected with it.
The little Prince, we are assured in both Houses,
is to preside over it. Now, wluit is the harm
of all that? ft is their fashion What of it?
Who in this country cares whether the Em-
peror's son presides over it, or one of the mem-
bers of the French Academy?
The skilled men of our country, the invent-
ors, the artisans, the manufacturers, the men
at the head of productive industries, desire to
be represented, desire to have a part in this
Exposition of national industries. They take
a deep interest in it; they care something
about these material affairs, quite as much as
they do about the affairs of our Government.
They feel an interest in making an exposition
of their skill, their inventions, their industries,
as well as in making an exposition to the world
of our domestic institutions. 1 lire in a State
whore we have some inventors, many skilled
artisans, and some capital invested in produc-
tive industries, and I believe that our people
desire to take a part in this Exposition. I do
not suppose our countrymen will take the first
place in it, although we cannot foresee what
will be our position there.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me a word by way of explanation?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The remarks I made
were not intended to antagonize the proposition
that we should be represented at the Exposi-
tion at Paris, but were intended for the person
who is chief there. As I am up, let me make
another remark, and that is in reference to the
$rroteg6 of the French Emperor now residing
close by us, conterminous with us. What is
the rule which is at the foundation of the Mon-
roe doctrine? I should have stated it before
but that I hate to talk long. The rule is laid
down by Montesquieu, and it comes from the
old Greek, and was well understood by our
fathers, that it is the business of great States
to protect weak States on the frontier, and we
have no business to allow them to be invaded
or conquered, for the reason that they are, like
great mountains or like seas, barriers between
us. and our enemies. Hence the Monroe doc-
trine, which has been one of our underlying
laws, was not a mere fancy speculation ; it is
as old as the ages; and wo should have had no
question about it if a word had been spoken by
the person who had the right to speak, at the
opening of this controversy, saying to France,
"Trample not upon this ground."
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we cannot
now tell what will be our position if we take
part in the international Exposition of the in-
dustries of the nations. We have made won-
derful progress during the last six years in
inventive arts, more than during any equal
period of our history. We had a mechanical
exhibition in Massachusetts last autumn, and
many of the articles on exhibition had been
invented or greatly improved during the war,
and the improvements there exceeded past
years.
Now, sir, our people engaged in those vast
and varied industries desire to take part in this
Exposition, and they ought tp be permitted to
do it, and I think the nation ought to give them
reasonable encouragement. I shall therefore
vote for the joint resolution, and vote against
this amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
which has brought out a debate that I think
has very little relation to the subject before us.
I trust it will not be pressed to a vote.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts is doubtless better informed
than I am on this subject. T will therefore ask
him this question: whether the Governments
of Great Britain, Prussia, Russia, Austria,
Italy, Spain, and other Governments are con-
tributing money out of the public treasury to
assist private persons to transport their goods
to Paris for exhibition, and whether the Gov-
ernments, as such, are in any way connected
with this Exhibition ? I really put the ques-
tion for information. I should like to know
what the fact is about it.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot give the Senator
a positive, direct answer as to how much those
Governments are doing.
Mr. HOWARD. Are they doing anything
at all?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot say whether they
are doing anything or whether they intend to
do anything. The leading nations of Europe
are within a stone's throw of tho place where
this Exhibition is to take place, and the in-
ventors and other persons interested in it in
western Europe can get to Paris. Situated
as we are in this country, across the Atlantic
from them, covering a vast territory, I think
it is proper that the Federal Government
should do something.
A word to the Senator from California, who
interrupted me to state his views. We all
know what the views of the Senator from Cali-
fornia have been in regard to the intervention
of France in Mexico. He took the earliest
opportunity to discuss that question in the Sen-
ate in a speech of rare ability, a speech that I
heard then and read immediately after, and I
am sure it would be to the advantage of any
Senator to read it again and again. I have
no doubt that this intervention in Mexican
affairs grew out of our weakness ; that it was
an unfriendly act to us; but the country was
in no condition at that time to meet it as it
ought to_have,been met, and the Senator from
California was about the only Senator in the
body that proposed to meet it, or even to dis-
cuss the question.
It is said that the French forces are to go
out of Mexico. I believe it, and I believe they
go out because of the same ground on which they
went in—the condition of this nation. They
went in because they thought this nation was
lost, that it was a lost Power-in the world ; and
they will take their forces out of Mexico and
the Emperor they put there will_go out of it at
no distant day, because the United States of
America lives and is a Power, and a leading
Power, in the world.
And now, sir, after we have failed during the
last four or five years to take perhaps so bold
a part as we ought to have taken, and as the
French-Emperor now proposes to go out, I do
not think anything is to be gained by appearing
bold and brave and defiant now. It looks to
me like vaporing and bragging after the event
to do it. That France will be out of Mexico
before this Exposition takes place in April
next, I have not a doubt; their armies will be
out; and that this Emperor imposed upon Mex-
ico will follow before many months I have-not
a doubt.
This country lives. We are again a united
nation—a free nation. Our power is as com-
plete to-day in one State of the Union as in
another. France .sent her forces to Mexico
as an unfriendly act, in our hour of darkness
and sorrow. We had unfriendly acts from
Great Britain; her colonies even mocked at us.
She and they are getting the reward of their
baseness now. I have very little sympathy
for the fears or quakings of the men over the
border, and I would not be very sorrowful if
there had been more occasion for fears and
quakings than there have been during the last
few days.
However, I hope that this amendment will
not be pressed upon us. At any rate, if it is
I hope that it will be voted down, and that, as
we have agreed to do, we will take the part we
have proposed in this Exposition, andindoing
it I do not think we bow to tho French Em-
peror or any othor Emperor, but that we tak'e
our part and our lot and make our manifesta-
tion in this great exhibition of the industries
of the nations. We have a vast country to be
developed; we intend to be the first Power of
the world in the mechanic arts, in manufac-
tures, and' industries, and ere many years pass
away I believe we shall be.
• Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, there
can be no question, I presume, that what is
called the Monroe doctrine is a cherished doc-
trine with the whole American people; but,
sir, there is a .time for all things. We may
cherish a doctrine, we may believe in its truth,
we may intend never to abandon it; but a
practical .consideration arises, is this the time
to act,upon it practically? Sir, I think that
by the adoption of this amendment we shall
present ourselves in rather a ludicrous light to
the nations of the earth. With a portion of
our own territory, larger than that of Mexico,
inhabited by eight or ten million.people denied
the enjoyment of a republican government,
and that by the action of this Congress, denied
a voice in the enactment of those laws which
are to govern them and their children after
them, taxed by the authority of this Govern-
ment without their consent and without any
participation of theirs in the enactment of
those taxing laws, it is now proposed that we,
the model Republic of the world, thus treat-
ing a portion of our own people, holding them
in abject submission contrary to the fundamen-
tal law of the land, shall say to the Emperor
of France, "Walk out of Mexico, for you are
violating a cherished doctrine of the American
people; you are subverting republican princi-
ples in Mexico; and we who are so fondly
attached to them cannot patiently wait a little
while that you may get out of Mexico."
Why, sir, have we a republican government
here?_ Have you had a republican government
even in States which adhered to your fortunes
during the late struggle, for the last four or five
years? Where is your republican government
in the State of Maryland? Where is your
republican government in .the State of Ten-
nessee ? Where is your republican government
in the State of Missouri to-day? It is that
republican government which Louis Napoleon
understands so well how to manage. It is that
republican government in which elections ara
