1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
   ti_
March 7,
I am willing that the House may do with this
bill as it deems proper. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the bill be
laid on the table; and before the question is
taken,-I ask that the Clerk read the clause of
the bill which provides where this company
may carry on its operations. I believe I have
the right to have that read, •
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to have it read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To purchase, hold, receive, and enjoy, either by
absolute conveyance in fee-simple or upon ground-
rent, such real estato in the District of Columbia as
may bo necessary for the construction of ice-houses
and cutting, securing, and selling ice in the said Dis-
trict., or in such other place or places as the directors
of the company may determine.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That only refers to the
places where the ice shall be cut; the place of
sale is here.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 object to debate. The
motion to lay on the table is ponding.
On agreeing to the motion to lay on the table,
there wore, on a division—ayes 48, noes 50.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the allirmative—yeas 09, nays 58, not voting
5(i; as follows:
YKAS— Mc^r-'. Allison, Ames, T)elos 7t. Ashley,
.Tames M. Ashley, 33aker, Baxter, Beainan, Bergen,
"win' N. HubboU, liulbuid, Kelso, Kerr, Kcteiiain,
William Lawrence, Lc Blond, Longvear, Marston,
MeCiurg, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Niblaclc, Paine,
Patterson, Pel'ham, Prieo, Radford, Rollins, Sawyer,
8eo(ield, Kitgroai es, Sloan, hhntr, ,Starr, Stevens,
Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aev-
nam, Hurt Van Horn, 1'llihu li, Washbmne, Uenry I),
Washburn, Woiilworlli, Williams, .lames F. Wilson,
WinficM, Woudin-idge, anil U'ri;:[il-—fi!>.
NAVS—Messrs. Anderson,Baldwin, Hanks,BidwcII,
Blaine, Blow, lioyer, Jhomwell, liiook.s. lim-klamt,
Davis.lViVees, Kliot.,Goodyear,GriswoId, Harris,! [art,
Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Kilt, Hogaii, Chester b.
Hubbard,JohnII. Hubbard,3timesJl. lliibbell, Inger-
soll, J ulian, Kelley, Latham, Loan, Lynch, Marshall,
Marvin, MeCulIough, MefCco, McRner, Mcrctir.Mil-
^1", Myers'. .Nicholson, Orth, l'liolps, Pike, William II.
andall, Raymond, Holers, Ross, Stilwell, Thavor,
Thorntiin.Trimble.KoljertT.Van llorn.Warner,Wil-
liam 1). Washburn, Wolkor, Whitley, and Stephen F.
Wilson—,r)S.
NOT VOTINf! — Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Barker,
Benjamin, iSin'.diam. Ruinly, ('hauler, Reader W.
Clarke, CoU'roth, Culver, Dniling, Dawes, Dawson,
Delano, penison, Donnelly, Drifts, Duinont, Eg-
frirslon, iMiiek, Ga.riield, Cbissbrenuer. tlrider, Hale,
A,'lion llaidmg, llolnien, ilotchki-'s, Dennis Hubbard,
James Humphrey, ,f.lines Al. Humphrey, Joackes,
Johnson, Jones, Kasson, ICuykendall, Lallin. Georuo
V. lanvrenee, Mclndoe, Aloorhead. Jewell, Noell,
O'Neill, Plants, Poiuevey.Hamuel J. Randall, Alexan-
der H. Rico John H, lliee, Ritter, Rousseau, Sehenek,
Shanldhi.SheUabarger, Smith, Francis Thomas, John
h. J liomas, \V a.rd, and Wmdom—bU.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid upon the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KBCOSoTKUCTlOS.
Mr. WAS1IB1JRNK, of Illinois, from the
committee on reconstruction, submitted testi-
mony in reference to the States of Louisiana,
Texas, and Florida; and niavcd that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
1'IBK DEPARTMENT OI' WASHINGTON.
Mr. INGERSOLL. T now eall up House
bill No. 18o, concerning the lire department of
'Washington city, which was laid aside yester-
day. It has been printed.
X move to amend the bill b)r inserting after
the "word "such,1' in the fifteenth line, the word
"permanent," so that it will read:
t° have, use, and occupy all the sev-
eral b in filings, \yith their appurtenances, known as tho
Cnion, i.;ai)!dm,_Coluinbia, and Anacostia engine-
!}5' V0, a.ud is hereby, granted to tho city of
Washington, m the District of Columbia, said posses-
sion and occupation to continue so long as used for
the purposes of the fire department and the pleasure
of the Congress of the TJ n ited States; and in the event
of the city of Washington being deprived of such
possession and occupation by the General Govern-
ment, the United States shall pay to the city of Wash-
ington the then existing value of such permanent
improvements as shall have boon made thereon after
the passage of this act: Provided, That said use and
occupancy of the Columbia engine-house shall not in
any way interfere with the possession and occupancy,
by the Columbia Fire Company, of tho rooms now
used as library rooms in said building. .
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I suggest to the gentle-
man to say "such necessary permanent im-
provements," &c.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree to that.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike oat these
words:
And in tho event of the city of Washington being
deprived of such possession and occupation by the
General Government, the United States shall pay to
the city of Washington the then existing value of
such improvements as shall have been made thereon
after tho passage of this act.
Mr. Speaker, I have a word to say. If my
amendment be adopted, these companies will
have their houses without any rent so long as
they use them for fire purposes, or until for
special reasons the Government of the United
States shall withdraw this privilege. I have
no idea the Government will ever withdraw
that privilege from tlieni unless there is an ab-
solute necessity for doing so. If there should
•be, they will have had the use of them free of
charge. The idea of them allowing an assess-
ment to bo made for such improvements as
be useless to it. 1 have no idea that Congress
will fail to make proper arrangements with
the companies at the proper time, but thus in
advance to bind ourselves in a particular way
when we do not know under what circumstances
wo miij want them, seems to me to be unwise.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, it is of
course for the llouse to do what maybe proper
in regard to the amendment. I will simply say
if the amendment be adopted the fire depart-
ment can only occupy these lots so long as it
may be the pleasure of Congress. It seems to
me it would be unfair to let the city govern-
ment go on and build permanent houses on
these lots which may hereafter bo taken by tho
Government without any obligation upon them
to refund to the city authorities the value of the
then existing improvements upon such lots.
Mr. STEVENS. This privilege can never
be withdrawn without an act of Congress, and
that act of Congress can fix whatever compen-
sation may be necessary.
Mr. ING KUSOLL. Weil, that makes it
perhaps a little better. At any rate it will give
a kind of notice that they will withdraw the
grant.. That is the effect of it. The House may
do as it thinks proper. I think tho amendment
is unjust and probably will defeat the object
of the bill, which is the establishment of per-
manent buildings for the use of the fire depart-
ment.
I demand tho previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stevkxs, there were—ayes 38, noes 89 ;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Stevens and Ingebsoll.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 51.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVEN'S. _ I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill w.as passed, and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SENATOR CRESWELL'S EULOGY.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted tho following resolution:
Mcsolved, That there bo printed, for tho use of the
members of this House, twenty thousand copies of the
address of the Speaker and the eulogy of lion. J, A,
J. Cue swell on the life and character of the late
Henry Winter Davis, delivered in the Hall of the
House of Representatives on the 22d of February last.
Mr. STEVENS. What became of that part
of the resolution which T offered, that the ad-
dresses be published in the Globe?
The SPEAKER. That was also referred to
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the res-
olution by adding that the addresses be also
printed in the Globe.
The amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution as amended was also agreed to.
BERKELEY AND JEFFERSON COUNTIES.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table House reso-
lution No. 17, giving the consent of Congress
to the transfer of the counties of Berkeley and
Jefferson to the State of West Virginia, which
has come from the Senate with an amendment.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table, and the
amendment of the Senate was concurred in, as
follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof as follows:
That Congress hereby recognizes the transfer of tho
counties of Berkeley and Jelferson from tho State of
Virginia to West Virginia, and consents thereto.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House concurred in the
amendment of the Senate, and to lay that
motion On the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■ TENNESSEE. *
Mr. BINGHAM, from the joint committee
on reconstruction, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved. That there be printed for the use of the
Ilouse five thousand copies of the joint resolution con-
corning Tennessee and the accompanying documents
and testimony, andalikonnmberof copies of the tes-
timony reported by the joint committee on recon-
struction.
Mr. CONKLING. I would' like to inquire
whether this resolution will cover testimony that
is to come in hereafter.
Mr. BIN"GHAM. I will add after the word
reported" the words " or-hereafter to be re-
ported. ''
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing under the law.
REORGANIZATION OE THE ARMY.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill to reorganize and establish tho
Army of tho United States; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted. '
PROTECTION OP CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced an amendment as a substitute for the
Senate bill now pending to protect all persons
in the United States in their civil rights, and
furnish the means of their vindication; which,
was ordered to be printed.
ELIZABETH WILLETT.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Wil-
lett, of San Francisco, California ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
■ Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to a personal ex-
planation, I find by the Globe—how it may
be on the official record I do not know—that I
am reported as not voting on the amendment
offered yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] to the Military Academy bill.
I desire simply to say that I voted in the neg--
ativo.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's vote is
not recorded, but the Journal will be corrected
accordingly.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
