4120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 25,
and I suggest whether it would not be better
to have a proper building, such as we want, if
it takes a little longer time to build it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. It is in that square across
the street.
Mr. ANTHONY. Across Fifteenth.street?
Mr. GUTHRIE. Yes ; it is to be built on
the public ground across the street from the
south front.
Mr. ANTHONY. The clause reads, "for
the purpose of erecting on the public land ad-
jacent to the Treasury Department, a fire-
proof building," &c. I thought it was to be
adjoining the Treasury Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have some public
ground over there.
Mr. GUTHRIE. It is to be built across the
street from the south front.
Mr. ANTHONY. Across that private street,
where the sheds are?
Mr. GUTHRIE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I ask if the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island is withdrawn.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; I tliink we may
as well take a vote upon it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted. That the sum of $500,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury not
othorwiso appropriated, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War in the erection of
a suitable building for the accommodation of tho bu-
reaus of the War Department not now located in the
Northwest Executive Building.
I haves a letter from the Secretary of War,
covering also a letter from the Quartermaster
General, making the estimates for this building.
Mr. GRIMES. Where do you propose to
build it?
Mr. WILSON. The proposition is to extend
Winder's building for the purposes of the quar-
termaster's department. They now occupy a
building that they have taken possession of,
but which they will be compelled to leave in a
very'short time. They have in that department
nearly two thousand million dollars of vouchers
and papers. It is very important that those
papers should be in a fire-proof building. At
the present time some of those papers are
hardly in a safe condition, although the pres-
ent building has been made as nearly fire-
proof as possible; but they must leave that in
a short time.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is that?
Mr, WILSON. Corcoran's building. They
took possession of it and modified and changed it
to accommodate the business of the department.
It is now proposed to extend Winder's build-
ing. The plans and estimates are all set forth
in the report of the Quartermaster General,
which I hold in my hand, and which can be read
if it is n(-(.v:sary.
Mr. Sii i JIM AN. I never heard a word
about this proposed building until to-day.
There have been no specifications or plans
submitted to the Committee on Finance of the
Senate or the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House. The proposition does not come
within the rule which we have adopted. We
Siave always required in our committee specific
plans and drawings and estimates. I hope,
therefore, that this matter will be postponed
until the next session. It is a very ungracious
way to legislate to the amount of $500,000,
making contracts to that amount, without any
more information than we now'have on this
subject. The only information we have is a
mere letter of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say in regard
to tho matter that these papers were sent here
some time since, but they did not come to my
committee. The other day I saw the Secre-
tary of War, who stated to me that he was very
anxious that some action should be had on
this matter ; that they could not hold the build-
ing they now occupy any length of time, and
he supposed that the Committee on Military
Affairs had the papers relating to it. On ex-
amination, it was found that we had no such
papers, and we sent him word to that effect.
He has since sent in those papers, covering
the estimates of the Quartermaster General,
and stating what they intend to do. I ask the
Secretary to read the letter of General Meigs.
The Secretary read as follows:
Quaktekmastek General's Office,
Washington, D. C., April 12,1866.
Sik: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of
your request to prepare and submit a plan for "a
suitable building for the various branches ofthc War
Department, with an estimate of its approximate
cost, and a suggestion as to a site therefor.''
At some future time Congress will doubtless make
provision for the erection of a building, on Seven-
teenth street and Pennsylvania avenue, in style and
construction to correspond in some degree with the
Treasury building.
In the mean time, and during the construction of
any such building, it is of importance to have a
building in which tho business of the War Depart-
ment can be concentrated and its records placed in
greater safety than is possible in the present condi-
tion of the Department, many branches of which are
now scattered about the vicinity of Seventeenth
street in combustible buildings.
The squaro between Seventeenth and Eighteenth
and between Fand G streets, being directly opposite
to the War and Navy Departments, otters tho great-
est advantages for this purpose.
A portion of this square is now occupied by Win-
der's building, which is already the property of the
Government.
This buitdingeost, including the land, in 1854, about
two hundred thousand dollars. The appropriation
made by Congress authorized its purchase, provided
tho cost did not exceed that sum, and I remember
that it was stated, at the time of purchase, that offi-
cers who examined it on tho part of tho Government
placed its value at somewhat less than two hundred
thousand dollars.
Tho records of the War Department, however, will
show the exact sum paid for it.
Winder's building fronts on Seventeenth and F
streets. It can be extended either to the north with
a return on G street, or to the west, fronting on F
street.
I transmit herewith a, drawing of the square with
plans for either of these extensions.
No. 1 being one hundred and titty-six and a half
feet front on Seventeenth street, and two hundred
and ten on G street, would afford sixty-three thou-
sand square feet, of office floor if built four stories in
height and uniform with Winder's building in con-
struction, exccpt that rolled iron beams should be
used in place of east-iron girders to support the
floors. They are cheaper, and their manufacture
has been established in this oountry since the erec-
tion of Winder's building.
No. 2 represents an extension on G street, occupy-
ing the whole south front of the square.
It would afford sixty-live thousand six hundred
square feet of office floor in four stories.
The cost ofcoustruetion of either of those buildings
is estimated at about one hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars.
The site of No. 1, it is supposed, would cost, 29,295 feet
of land, at two dollars  $58,590
The improvements thereon would cost prob-
ably  68,000
$126,590
Tho site of No. 2 would probably cost, land, 39,430
squaro feet, at one dollar  $39,430
Improvements  15,000
ยง54,430
Tho estimates thus, for the extension north and its
site, will be $300,000; the extension west, $230,000.
As a basis of comparison I may state that each of
these buildings is of about the same capacity as Win-
der's building, including the addition thereto built
by tho Ordnance office in the court-yard.
The space of otliee floor, occupied and crowded at
this time by tho business of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's office, is twenty-eight thousand feet. Either
of the buildings shown in tho plans would afford
about sixty-three thousand feet ot flooring.
, When a sufficient building is constructed upon the
site of the present War and Navy Departments, for
tho permanent use of those Departments, Winder's
buildingwill be valuable to the Government for some
of the branches of the Government, which, as this
country increases in wealth and population and in-
fluence, must certainly expand.
Tho accumulated records of tho business of the War
and Navy Departments need some safe fire-proof
depository, and this building, if constructed, will in
time a,fford such a hall of records.
, T recommend that Congress be requested to author-
ize the purchase or condemnation of tho site and the
construction of an extension of Winder's building,
acoording to the accompanying plans, either to the
north or west, as may be determined by the Execu-
tive.
The right to choose between the two sites will have
a favorable effect upon the price of the site, and of
tho buildings to be removed.
It is to be understood that the estimates contem-
plate the construction of a plain brick and iron build-
ing, stuccoed, or covered with mastic, in the style of
Winder's building, and without any elaborate or ex-
pensive finish.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. C. METGS,
Quartermaster General,
Brevet Major General V. S. A.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Ohio
objects to the large sum named in this amend-
ment, I am willing to reduce it to $150,000 and
let them commence the work with that, and at
the next session we can appropriate what is
necessary. We have got to provide them .with
a building. They cannot stay where they are
now for any length of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection I have is
not the amount of the appropriation, because
if we commence we shall have to appropriate
the whole $000,000, but as a question of ex-
pediency. If it is absolutely necessary to build
a new building for this bureau, I ask, is it
proper for us to commit ourselves to this par-
ticular site by this appropriation at this time?
The passing of this appropriation, under the
estimates now submitted to us, would commit
us to the purchase of this property. We have
got to go into the market then with the knowl-
edge on the part of the owners of this ground
that we have decided upon that site. I think
it would be much better not to make any ap-
propriation at this session, but let them sub-
mit to us the offers of the owners of the prop-
erty for this purpose. The rule adopted by the
Committee on Finance, so far as we can con-
trol it, has been never to engage in the pur-
chase of sites or the erection of new buildings
until we have the title to the property or an
offer for the property at a definite sum and then
plans and estimates based upon the site; and
then, for the first time, we make an appropria-
tion. That was the case with the appropria-
tion for the printing office at the Treasury De-
partment. I trust, therefore, that this matter
will go over until the next session. It is too
large a sum to be put upon this bill at this
period of the session without consideration.
It has never been considered by any commit-
tee, except a casual consideration by the Mili-
tary Committee within the last few days. It
was never sent to the Committee on Finance
or to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds; and I trust, therefore, it will not be
put on this bill until we have further informa-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I will not press this amend-
ment against the wishes of the Senator. The
subject was called to our attention yesterday
morning or the day before yesterday for the
first time, and last evening we got this report.
We have certainly not thoroughly examined
the matter; but the Secretary of War was very
earnest about it, and I saw the Quartermaster
General this morning, who thought it very im-
portant that some action should be had at once;
for of course they cannot retain the building
they now have for any length of time.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt in the world
that there ought to be a new War Department,
and I am glad the attention of the Senate has
been called to the subject. Although I am not
in favor of the proposition submitted by the
Senator from Massachusetts in the shape in
which it stands, fori do not believe we ought to
erect a building on the ground proposed in the
amendment, yet I trust he will propose some
other amendment to this bill, looking toward the
selection or securing of ground for the erection
of a proper building at the next session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
present amendment withdrawn ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. I withdraw it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose the following
amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $5,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to defray, the expense of continuing the index to the
Senate list of private claims down to the present
Congress, in pursuance of an order of the Senate
dated March 16,1866.
Mr. SHERMAN. What index is that?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will make a brief state-
ment in regard to this matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if it comes from
any committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It does not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I object. The rule
requires that an amendment shall be reported
by a committee.
