1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4321
Mr. POMEROY. It is reported in pursu-
ance of a law. There is a law for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the question of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is raised to the reception of this amendment
on the ground that it does not come from a
committee. The Chair understands the Sen-
ator from Oregon to say that it doep not come
from a committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It does not; bat it is
in pursuance of a resolution adopted by the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Not a law.
Mr. JOHNSON. A joint resolution, or a
resolution of the Senate?
Mr. WILLIAMS. A resolution of the Sen-
ate. These men have been employed and have
been at work three or four months. There is
110 way to pay them, and the work has got to
slop unless an appropriation, is made. That
is all there is about it. There is no reason in
the world why the appropriation should not be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN, This matter was proposed
to the Committee on Finance, but we concluded
that as the clerks were paid during the year,
they might as well make up this little index to
the private claims during the recess of the Sen-
ate ; and as we have considered it there I do
not want it brought here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was not present at the
time it was considered in committee, but it is
evident the facts were not known to the com-
mittee. In the first place, this work is not
done by the clerks. Three other persons are
employed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under what resolution;
under what authority, I should like to know?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have the resolution here.
Mr. SHE RMAN. I should like to hear it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. On the 10th of March,
1860, this resolution was adopted by the Senate:
"Revolved, That the Secretary of theSenate bo di-
rected to cause the alphabetical list of private claims
extending to the end of the Thirty-Third Congress
to be continued to the close of the last Congress and
printed for the use of tho Senate."
Pursuant to that resolution the Secretary of
the Senate proceeded -to employ certain per-
sons to make this alphabetical list. Those per-
sons have been engaged in that business now
for two or three months. The work is partly
completed, and this is simply an application
that an appropriation be made to pay these
clerks for this labor 5 and I am advised that
heretofore this alphabetical list has been made
in pursuance of similar resolutions which have
been repeatedly followed by appropriations to
meet the expenses.
Mr. SHERMAN. When was that resolution
passed ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. On the 10th of March,
I860. The Secretary, depending upon the res-
olution, has made this contract, employed these
men ; they have been at labor for two or three
months ; and now, unless an appropriation is
mado, they must be discharged, they must get
nothing for the labor they have performed, and
the work must stop. It seems to me, under
such a resolution, there ought to be an appro-
priation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my point of
order. I find that the rule I referred to reads
as follows:
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it bo mado to carry out the provisions of
someexistinglaw.or some act orresolutioni>reviously
piu^ed hy the Senate during that session.
I suppose this resolution having been passed
at this session, the ease is brought within the
The PRESIDENT pro-tempore. If the Sen-
ator withdraws his objection, the Chair has no
decision to make 5 but he thinks the amend-
ment is to provide for a private claim, and the
rule declares that "no amendment shall be
received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, unless it be to carry out the provis-
ions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
This is a resolution merely, not a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist upon the point
of order. I do not think it ough* to be acted
on here. I do not think money ought to be
appropriated here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* In the
opinion of the Chair, the amendment is not in
order, it being for a private claim.
Mr. CONNESS. I am directed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
offer this amendment, to be inserted after line
four hundred'and sixteen, on page 18:
To provide for a survey of the Isthmus of Darien,
under the direction of tho War Department, with a
view to the construction of a ship-canal, in accord-
ance-with the report of the Superintendent of the
Naval Observatory to the Navy Department, $40,000.
It will be remembered that in accordance
with a resolution passed by the Senate calling
upon the Superintendent of the Naval Observ-
atory for a report of all the information, facts,
data, together with the maps, charts, lines of
level, &c., in possession of his office, relating
to the various routes over the Isthmus, with a
view to railroad and ship-canal communica-
tion, a report has been submitted by that offi-
cer, and is now ordered to be printed by the
Senate. It will be on the desks of members,
probably, before we adjourn. It is, perhaps,
tho most interesting paper that has ever been
submitted to Congress. It involves a subject
of the greatest possible interest, not only to
the people of the United States, but to the
commercial people of the world. It is now
proposed further, as the necessity and pro-
priety of a farther survey is shown by the re-
report, to authorize the War Department to
depute some of our Army engineers and a
party of men to make an additional survey
across tholsthmus of Darien, to be commenced
say next December. This point at which it is
proposed to carry on the further work is a lit-
tle south of the Isthmus of Panama or Porto
Bello 011 this side of the continent. I submit
in this connection and ask for the reading of
a brief letter from the Superintendent of the
Naval Observatory addressed to myself 011 the
subject, and I ask the attention of tho Senate
while it is being read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Washington, July 10,18(56.
Dear Slit: I shall send in my report and the ac-
companying maps this evening or to-morrow morn-
ing, and I presume it will be transmitted to tho Sen-
ate immediately.
Inclosed, is a copy of a letter from General Grant
to mo, showing tho very deep interest lie takes in
tho subject. An appropriation of forty or lifty thou-
sand dollars will enable the Government to put the
surveying parties in tho field at tho beginning of the
next season. I trust this small sum—small indeed
when contrasted with tho grandeur of the object-
can be obtained. I hope to have the pleasure of
seeing you in a few days.
Very respectfully and truly yours,
C. II. DAVIS,
Hear Admiral, Superintendent.
Hon. John Conness,
United States Senate, Washington.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I submit the letter
of General Grant on this subject. It will be
observed that I have named the lowest sum
spoken of in the letter of the Superintendent.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Headquarters Armies United States,
Washington, D. C., July 7,18GC.
Dear Sir : Your letter of the 3d of July, alluding
to tho interest which I have heretofore expressed in
favor of a canal to connect the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans, is received.
I firmly believe the scheme practicable, and if it is,
there is no doubt but that in this ago of enterprise
the work will be done. I regard it asof vast political
importance tcfthis country that no European Govern-
ment should hold such a work. Por this reason I have
endeavored for the last, year to get such a thorough
survey made by the Government of the UnitcdStates
through the territory of the Colombian Government
as would fully determine whether such a project is
feasible; not doubting but that 011 the presentation
of such feasibility, American capital and an Ameri-
can company, under some treaty that could easily be
arranged between the two Governments, would un-
dertake it.
To carry out this project an appropriation by Con-
gress, but what amountl couldscarccly say, wouldbo
necessary.
At the instance of Captain Amraen, United States
Navy, and myself, the Secretary of State has put him-
self in communication with the Colombian Govern-
ment with the view of obtaining the authority to
mako a survey through their territory for the purpose
of determining the practicability of an iateroceanio
canal.
Very respectfully, your obedient^servan^^.^
Lieutenant General.
Bear Admiral C. H. Davis, United States Navy.
Mr. CONNESS. Desiring to be able to
present to the Senate, in the absence of the
full report made by Admiral Davis on this sub-
ject, such a synopsis of the facts as would pre-
sent the subject intelligently to the body, and
not having time to examine the report myself,
I called upon Admiral Davis to furnish such a
synopsis. He has furnished a very brief one,
and I will ask the Clerk to read it and then be
done with the subject j and I beg the Senate
to give its attention.
The Secretary read as follows:
" The object of the resolution to which the report is
a reply, was to collect together and put in order all
the existing intormation concerning this question of
interoceanic communication between the Atlantic
and the Pacific. This has never been done betoro in
a satisfactory manner. It is true that several ablo
and comprehensive papers on the subjcct have ap-
peared among the Geographical Memoirs of England
and France, but no one of them has been accom-
panied with a full set of charts and statistical data,
and no one of them furnishes in itself the means of
arriving at a definite and distinct idea of what has
been done in each case, of what remains to be done
in each case, and in what direction we are to turn our
iuturo eilorts and investigations.
" it is unnecessary to enlarge upon the importance
of this subject. No intelligent person who has paid
even slight attention to it will fail to perceive that
tho construction of a practicable ship-canal through
one of tho American isthmuses would bo attended
with the most wonderful results in respect to the com-
merce and intercourse of the different nations of tho
globe.
" We are so situated, occupying a central position
between Europe and Asia on the lino of ocedmic nav-
igation, that we shall be more benefited by these
results than any other people. The magnitude of the
enterprise, its influence upon our national life and
progress, and tho exceeding importance, as 1 con-
ceive, of keeping this undertaking in the hands and
under the control of some one of the membcrsof tho
American family of nations, all these considerations
of themselves render it extremely desirable that the
United States should prosecute to completion certain
surveys and explorations which are pointed out in
this report. But it is further to be said that this is a
peculiarly favorable juncture for making such sur-
veys; and in order to explain myself on this head I
will oiler a brief synopsis of the report.
"As many as twenty-six different routes have been
proposed at various times by different persons for
interoceanic communication cither by canal or by
railroad. All these routes are classified under a few
general titles. Thus several routes across the Isthmus
of Tehuantcpcc arc discussed; so again ol Honduras,
Nicaragua, Panama, Darien, and the province of
Chico. Now, in this report, each one of these isth-
muses is taken up scffaratcly and treated at sufficient
length to make its value and merits perfectly intol-
ligiblo. In each case there is a map which gives, by
inspeelion, heights, distances, summit levels, and, in
most instances, topographical features and plans of
con.^l i uclion, with minute details wherever such plans
could he obtained. In this respect the report is so
full that the reader has the means of forming an inde-
pendent judgment, but to this end a carelul biudy of
tho maps is noco^ary; and that beingoutof question
at present, I shall only attempt to give y'ou tho most
general conclusion.
"On each one of the isthmuses which I have enumer-
ated there arc circumstances and features which have
attracted in a greater or less degree the attention of
projectors, capitalists, and engineers; and of course
the real feasibility of tho projcct could only be re-
vealed by an actual survey. I will cite a single ex-
ample by way of illustration. In the State of Nica-
ragua, nature seems to have extended a helping
hand by offering the aid of the river San Juan and
the Central lakes, and thus diminishing bya natural
water communication the territory to be pierced to
one tenth of the whole length of the canal. Here, as
in several other eases, attractive circumstances have
led to accuratc surveying operations on which we can
build sale conclusions. These surveys supply a pro-
cess of elimination by removing certain routes alto-
gether from our iuither consideration, atleastfor the
present, and thus narrowing down ouriield of opera-
tions. Thus, our reliable Mirveys of the Isthmus of
Tchuantepee, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, and
the upper waters ot theAtrato exclude all these places
lor the present Irom our inquiry. Wc are satisfied
that 110 ^hip-canal will be undertaken at present at
either of these places, and, indeed, I may say, will ever
be undertaken at either ot these places until wo are
convinced that there is not a better site tor a canal
elsewhere. Now, a concurrence of favorable indica-
tions and of highly advantageous natural conditions
points out one region as the proper iiold for our im-
mediate labors: and that is the Isthmus of Darien
ca&t of a line joining Panama and Porto iielio ana
more particularly the three routes between Chopo
and San Bias, between San Miguel and Port Escoces
by the Savana, and between San Miguel ana Uraba
by the way of the Tuya. The report shows what
has been done and what has been attempted on each
one of these routes; it also shows what advantages
these routes possess and what promise they give of
affoiding a successful solution to our great problem.
