t>.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
a bill supplementary to the several acts relating
to pensions; milieu was read a first and sec-
ond time, recommitted to the committee, and
ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of State, in reply to a resolution of
the House of the 21st ultimo, in regard to the
cost of printing and advertising for said De-
partment ; which was referred, under the law,
to the Committee on Printing.
STA.TB GOVERNMENT FOR NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House resolutions ofthe Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico
in regard to a State government for that Terri-
tory ; which were referred to the Committee
On Territoiies, and ordered to be printed.
CAPITOL BUILDINGS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House resolutions ofthe Legisla-
tive Assembly of New Mexico in regard to the
Capitol buildings of that Territory; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
VETO POWER IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the resolutions of the
Legislative Assembly of New Mexico asking
for a change of the organic act of that Ter-
ritory in regard to the veto power of the Gov-
ernor ; which were referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
JUDICIARY OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the resolutions of the
Legislative Assembly of New Mexico in regard
to the jurisdiction of the present judges in that
Territory; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
PBXlTEXTIAliy IX NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the resolutions of the
Legislative Assembly of New Mexico in regard
to a penitentiaiy in that Territory ; which were
refeired to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
DISTILLED SPIRITS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication fiorn
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting ad-
ditional reports of the United States revenue
commission in regard to distilled spirits as a
source of national revenue; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
DUPLICATION OF TAXES.
The SPEAIvE 11 also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
report of the United States revenue commis-
sion on the influence of the duplication of taxes
on American industry; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and M^ans, and ordered
to bo printed.
REPORTS OP REVENUE COMMISSION.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that one thousand
copies of the reports, general and special, of
the United States revenue commission shall be I
printed forthe use of the Treasury Department.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
TRADE WITII BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. MORRILL, Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I desire to have the assent of the House
that all general debate upon the bill now pend-
ing in Committee of the AY hole on the state of
the Union in relation to trade with the British
Provinces shall be closed in an hour and a
half, I desire to give gentlemen who wish to
speak upon the subject an opportunity to do
so, and then I may desire to occupy ten or fif-
teen minutes in reply.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Make it two hours.
Mr. MORRILL. I will take my chance and
not move to close debate now. I move that
the rules bo suspended, and the House iesolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
ofthe Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Raymoxd in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 337, regulating
trade with the British North American posses-
sions, upon which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Tvet.ley] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise in order to en'able me to submit a motion
to close debate on this bill. I will accept the
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wextwortii] to closc debate in two hours ; or
I will ask the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee that, debate shall close in that time.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will have to object
to that until I know how many of these men
who have put down their names for speeches
want to take an hour each. We want to talk
on this bill after awhile.
The question was then taken on the motion
that the committee rise to close debate, and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. If I had made my remarks
yesterday afternoon, I should have added an-
other to the many illustrations I have given
this session ofthe mistake made by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wextwortji] when he
said I never took less than an hour when I got
the floor, for 1 am quite sure that twenty min-
utes would then have sulliced me. But 1 have
had a night in which to examine the provisions
of this bill and to reflect upon them, and I
shall probably ask the attention of the House
for a longer period this morning.
I would have been satisfied yesterday with
the amendment proposed by the distinguished
gentltmau from Maryland [Mr. E. Thomas]
coupled with one or two oLhers. To-day, how-
ever. this will not satisfy me. Sir, the bill
should be rejected. Jt is false in principle and
in detail and will materially diminish the rev-
enues of the country by suspending several im-
portant brandies of our industry. As I conned
its sections I became doubtful of its origin;
whether it was of British or American concep-
tion. There are many of its features which
constrain me to think that it is of foreign and
not of American origin. I point gentlemen to
the ninth section. Its authors seem to have
been oblivious to the fact that wo are still liv-
ing under democratic-republican institutions,
and have not yet fallen under a dictatorship.
The ninth section confides the regulation of
all the commerce that may grow up between
the United States and the British Provinces to
the absolute and unrestricted control of the
President. Let me astound gentlemen who
have not examined the bill by reading that
portion ofthe section to which I refer:
Sec. 9. And l>r it f1'rth* i ra'td^d. That the Provident
is tu'L-ol>y authorized to terminate or suspend the pio-
visi oru of this net, or any section ov -c-itheieof,
a lid as to the whole or part o! the Biiti-h Xortb Amer-
ican eolonies, by £i\ inii- public notice ot'sin-h termina-
tion or su-'ncnsion, whenever in his opinion it may
appear just and proper, ,Ve.
Sir, such power may be exercised by the
Emperor of Russia in regard to lite commerce
of his empire: but such power, regulating the
trade of this country according to his caprice,
has never been eom'ided to the President ofthe
United States, or will be confided to one while
the American people remain free.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. KELLEY. I would rather not now.
The gentleman knows my time is limited.
Mr. ROGERS. I w-auted to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellky] if this
bill gives the President any more power than
was proposed to be given to him by the Ereed-
men's Bureau bill?
Mr. KELLEY. I have no time for side
issues now. I will answer that question some
time when my distinguished friend has the floor
and kindly yields to me. [Laughter.] ,
Sir, this bill is of a piece with others now
pending before this House. It is like the loan
bill, which proposes to contract the business of
the country to the narrow dimensions it filled
before the war, and to give the Secretary of the
t reasury, while he lias an average balance of
$-10,000,000 lying on deposit in the banks, the
power to control the currency of the country,
to contract or expand it as he will. It is also
in this respect like the postal bill, which, as aa
inducement to the people to buy their envelopes
from Government employs or contractors, pro-
poses to give one free of cost to every man who
buys a postage stamp.
Sir, when 1 regard this feature of the bill, I
feel that its paternity may have been American,
that-it may have emanated from the Adminis-
tration. But when I consider its provisions in
reference to trade, and sec how well they are
calculated to prostrate many of the leading
iuterests of the country; the advantages it
secures to foreign commodities which compete
with the productions of our laboring people;
how it stimulates the development, of the re-
sources of the British Provinces, and induces
emigration to them, while it restricts the devel-
opment of our resources, and is calculated to
divert immigration from our shores; when I
see all this, I say, I feel that the Canadian
ministry must have concocted this. bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] a
question pertinent to what he is now saying.
Mr. KELLEY. I would rather not yield
now, having just declined to yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.]
1 know, Mr. Chairman, how hard it is to
break away from habit, to escape from estab-
lished usage; and I remember that for more
than ten years, under the fraudulently named
reciprocity treaty, we have had our habits,
usages, and modes of thought controlled by the
infamous provisions of that treaty; and it may
be that, their influence has controlled the com-
mittee that presented this bill. But, sir, noth-
ing is more certain than that had we never
hal that treaty we never would have had this
bill; it is its legitimate offspring, and embodies
many of the worst vices of its parent.
Sir, what was that treaty? It was conceived
in iniquity and executed in sin. It was one of
the master-strokes of policy ofthe sagacious and
recklessly ambitious men who had even then
determined to destiny our country. Its object
was to enfeeble and impoverish the North, and
to strengthen the Provinces of otir most power-
ful enemy, that bound the whole line of our
northern "frontier. It was the result of a delib-
erate conspiracy, the first object of which was
to give the American market to foreign manu-
facturers, by destroying every leading braneirof
.American manufactures ; and the second was,
when they had attained the first, to prostrate
the trratn-trrowers and provision-producers of
the AVest and North, and thus reduce the impov-
erished North to subjection to the slaveholding
oligarchy of the South. Its ultimate purpose
was to produce bankruptcy and diseord iu the
North, that, they might more easily accomplish
their then purpose, which they expressed by
open action in April, 18G1.
In order that gentlemen may see that I speak
by the record, I send to the Clerk's desk a vol-
ume bearing the imprint of Priehard, Abbott,
& Loomis, Augusta, Georgia, 1800, and enti-
tled "Cotton is King, and Pro-Slavery Argu-
ments, comprising the Writings of Hammond,
Harper, Christie. String-fellow, Ilodge, Bledsoe,
and Cart.v,-right, on this Important Subject, by
E. N. Elliott. LL. D., pr«idcut of Planters'
College, Mississippi, with an Essay on Slavery
in the Light of International Law, by the Edi-
tor.''
Let one of these distinguished men unorm
the country whether I am correct in what I now
say.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Thus also was a tripartite alliance formed by
which the western farmer, the southern planter, ana
